4	Cheers to Camelview for being one of the only theaters to show independent and "art house" films on this side of town.The venue is well maintained but small (and no stadium seats).  Still, can't be too picky when it's the only theater in the valley that is showing what you want to see.  Seating can be very limited for popular movies so it might be beneficial to buy tickets ahead of time.
4	I love movies.  It kills me that we live in the 6th largest city in the U.S. and have 1 theater that shows independent films.  Minus one star because the theater is in serious need of an face-lift.  However, it consistently screens a nice selection of independent films.  You'll find me there at a Sunday matinee.
5	In a town like Phoenix, independent cinema is hard to come by. Which is why I use Netflix. Also, it is why I frequent this standalone independent movie theater in the heart of Scottsdale. It could be just a coincidence, but it seems like a healthy percentage of my favorite movies I first saw here. Motorcycle Diaries, Little Miss Sunshine, Nueve Reinas, I Heart Huckabees, and a few others were all playing here (and nowhere else in town, for the most part) and are now in my top 20. I am sort of on an indie movie kick right now, but this place gets me excited about film again (which was no easy feat after seeing Troy and Alexander).
4	If you love independent films, you have to love this place.  It's pretty much either this, Valley Art, or you're watching it at home.  It could use some improvement dollars for sure, though I still kinda like the old-school-ish-ness of it.  I'm not a snack bar kind of gal, but they have a pretty decent selection.  I've had some problems with certain chairs though, which is where I'd like those extra $ to go if I had my choice.  I'm cool with them not being stadium seating (Movie tickets would suddenly be $20 a pop...) but there have been a few lumps/springs that were either a little pokey in my back or were trying to get fresh.  Still, even with Scottsdale traffic, it's usually a better option than Valley Art, as much as I will always love Valley Art.  Camelview generally has a better variety of movies and easy parking.  Now if we could just get some independent theaters downtown....
5	Turquoise lilypad canopies glow neon pink at night, while posters beckon you to "consider your future" and get a job here in exchange for free movies.  Solid selection of independent films.  Clean facility, friendly staff.  Nice reprieve from the mallrats at Fashion Square.  **Bonus** I may have been the only individual who did not qualify for the senior discount at the weekday matinee.
4	Maybe I'm crazy, but this place only gets four stars because, as cinephiles, this is all we have in the Phoenix area.  Madstone Theaters came with better amenities and a continuously interesting selection of films but was doomed to be located in the strip-mall of death (Ray and Kyrene) where only two businesses seem to have survived more than a couple years.Sure, it's nice to have a place to see independent cinema, but the theater is tiny, translating to a smaller selection.  I can't really knock it because, in this suburban McAmerican region, we're lucky to have anything at all.  Still, it isn't that special compared to theaters in other major cities.  We deserve more!
5	I'm a big fan of Camelview.  Nowhere else in greater Phoenix will you find the indie art-house selection they have here.  I've seen many of my favorite films here over the last 3 years, almost by default because other cineplexes won't show them.The average age of patrons here is about 53, but it doesn't stop me.   I just wear mahogany loafers sans-socks, pleated bermuda shorts and a Tommy Bahama shirt and I blend right in.  The get-up looks hot too.The facility itself is rather small and dumpy compared to newer suburban joints, but I like it.  Closer restrooms and easier-to-access concessions owes itself to the smaller scale.  It's always pretty busy, but come Oscar season it can be a MADHOUSE. 4.5 stars.  But if there were a Laemmle's theater here, Camelview would have a serious run for its money.
5	What better way to spend a lazy summer day or night than seeing a great independent film at classy Camelview! Located next to Fashion Square Camelview usually plays four independent films at a time, most which you can't find anywhere else. The theater is pretty small  and dated, but it has an art deco design and I wouldn't want them to redo it. There is a really relaxed and intelligent vibe at Camelview, and an added bonus almost nobody under sixteen! Some great films I have seen here:BrokebackGarden StateNapoleon DynamiteSuper Size MeLittle Miss Sunshine
5	The Harkins Camelview 5 gives Arizonans the unique opportunity to see movies that are normally reserved for screens in NY and CA. Without this theater there would be very little chance to see independent or foreign films in Phoenix. I give a lot of credit to Dan Harkins for keeping this theater open. He certainly can't  make much money at this location. It's financially  impractical to keep such a small theater operating on such prime real estate. This just shows Dan Harkin's commitment to sharing great films with the people of AZ. Thanks Dan!
4	Fantastic to find a theatre that plays non-mainstream movies stuffed with car chases, gun slingers and curse words. Better than that, this theatre caters to the independent and more artistically unique movies. I saw The Namesake here, as well as Paris J'Taime. This was also the only theatre in the Valley (that I knew of) that played the smash hit Thank You For Smoking. Thank You, Harkins, for Camelview 5. And thank you, Phoenix moviegoers with steller taste, for patronizing this establishment.
5	I LOVE Camelview for the fact that it attracts much more of the NPR-loving, Fanny-pack toting, middle-age set than the teenagers. It's nice to go to a cinema and not be interrupted by the bright blue lights of a text messaging phone... That being said, the place could circulate its movies a bit more. Sometimes I feel like they keep the same boring French film on rotation for a few weeks more than necessary. But if you're looking for a place to find a unique movie, this is definitely it.Also, they host a few film festivals throughout the year. About a month ago, my husband and I saw an Iranian film , a French film and a British film as part of the Scottsdale Film Fest and they were all great. Really, I don't know what we would do without this place! Go! Support decent local cinemas!!!!
5	As everyone else has stated - this is a wonderful theater. If there's an independent movie out with any sort of buzz attached, they'll play it here. You won't find the latest from Michael Bay on these screens. One of my favorite valley theaters.
5	if you are, a snow bird - this is where you're money is spent...The only independent film house in Scottsdale...
5	Good place, an escape from the usual mindless action thrillers running in the more mainstream cinemas. Wish it was more centrally located, though....I live on the west side of Phoenix, and it's quite a trek to get myself over to south central Scottsdale.
5	I have to give it 5 stars even though I am sometimes frustrated by the seating (not stadium style, so if you're watching a subtitled film and you're stuck behind someone tall... it sucks). They show excellent movies and the crowd is generally a little less obnoxious than other theaters (depending on the flick). And just for the sake of mentioning it... the women's bathroom is a little weird. I can't really describe it, except that I feel like cattle being herded around in a circle in the post-movie bathroom rush.
5	This theater gets 5 stars for the selection of movies it shows alone.
5	I usually do not go to movies simply because I get bored with the same predictable plot. However, I love going to Camelview because they actually play movies that are unique, thoughtful, funny and smart. I was already sold on how great this theater is, but my experience last month cemented my feelings. I went with a friend to see "The Diving Bell and the Butterfly", a wonderful film, but the camera movements made both of us quite ill. We left half-way through and talked with the manager. He was very friendly and understanding and gave us our money back as well as film recommendations for next time. I took him up on one and came back to see Persepolis. It was a great film. Most theaters have managers who have no sense of customer service or satisfaction. It was refreshing to be treated so well.
4	This theater has a really good local vibe. It's proximity to lots of eating/drinking options are a big plus. Not too many blockbusters are shown here, mainly just independents (which are a welcome change of pace).This place is definitely worth a shot if you have not tried it yet.
5	Going to Camelview is definitely a positive way to spend an evening.  Its retro (because it's old) neon lights and blue building exterior make me want to put on a casual dress, grab a clutch, and have a date at the movies.  I would like it if they sometimes had later showings, but other than that it's a great place to go see a film that maybe isn't out (yet or ever) in other theaters around the valley.On the walls are painted murals of award winning or iconic movies (like a big shot of the classic scene from The Graduate with Dustin Hoffman).The actual theaters aren't stadium style, but it's never been a problem for me or anyone else I've gone with to see the screen, even when it's crowded.
3	They show a lot of great movies that dont make it into the wide releases but hte seats smell like cheese. I have been to multiple theaters inside camelview 5 and they all smell like cheese!I dont know how clean they are but they need to step it up.
5	I am a movie WHORE. I've rated 2500 movies on Netflix. I used to wait in line for the midnight premieres. Camelview holds some very special memories for me. if it's sheik but not on the AMC, daddy warbucks studio fatheads' approved list, it might get a chance at the Camelview. Now of course we have Netflix, but some of those jewels deserve a proper screen. Thanks to Dan for making it happen.Enchanted AprilMuch Ado About Nothing (saw it about 40 times in the theater)The Joy Luck ClubPiAmelieMadness of King GeorgeRemains of the DayCounter service is sketchy, but as the years go by, so come and go the pimply teens on their first jobs. Now if only we can break the ratings board. If you haven't seen it, check Unrated.
4	Thank goodness for this theater!  I love the smaller art house type films with small budgets...Pretty shocking that Scottsdale has this theater, and it's always crowded. The ladies restroom needs remodeling, but other than that, you can't beat a double feature on a hot Arizona day. Thank you Mr. Harkins for having the guts to believe there are people in Scottsdale that will support foreign films!
5	This theater is the nugget.  It has all the movies you want to see here... that is if you're cool, cause they don't show B.S. flicks here.  I saw Requiem of a Dream and Apocalypse Now Redux here, just to give you a snippet of the tasty morsels they show here.
5	Back when I worked in Phoenix a long, long time ago, Harkings Camelview 5 was my theatre of choice mainly because this Harkins venue was the only one devoted to showing Independent and Foreign films (aka Art House films).Of course, this is not the ONLY theatre venue that shows Independent or Foreign films... Camelview 5 is the only consistent Harkins venue showing films of this film Genre on ALL of it's screens.FYI, though... Beware of Friday nights... that is the day that new films receive their first showing for the upcoming week at Camelview 5. There are, literally, hundreds of people coming from far and wide for the initial showing. When I lived here in Phoenix years ago, Friday nights at the Camelview 5 are very similar to Opening Nights at the Opera in other metropolitan areas. Some of the patrons take Friday nights seriously... some very nice "going out on the town" outfits... just for opening night at Camelview 5!FYI... The only screens that are "big" screens are Theatre 1 and 2. The others at the rear of the complex are very small for adequate viewing.FYI... I saw posters today for the Scottsdale International Film Festival hosted by Harkins Camelview 5 from October 3 through October 7. Here is the link to the official website: http://www.scottsdalefilmfestival.com/ .Look for the hand-painted mantle of movie stars that adorn the wall above the refreshment stand. When viewing films past Theatre 2... look for the hand-painted scenes from "The Graduate" and "Life is Beautiful" in the hallways leading to the screens!Today, along with my friend, I viewed "TransSiberian" with Woody Harrelson, Emily Mortimer, and Ben Kingsley. This was the ONLY theatre in Phoenix showing this film! A truly suspenseful thriller. The French film, "Tell No One", also showing at Camelview 5, also looks very interesting. But, the person I was with does not like subtitled films.... might sneak back to Camelview 5 to watch this! That only left "TransSiberian"!List of other films this week...   Elegy - exclusive engagement   Towelhead - exclusive engagement   I Served the King of England - exclusive engagementAll the films shown this week at Camelview 5 are shown nowhere else in Phoenix.If I had to come back in my next life... it'd be as an Usher for Harkins Camelview 5.... just to view the Art House fare... while getting paid!- - - - - - - - - - Art House in Las Vegas, NV? Try Regal Village Square 18 ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/regal-village-square-18-las-vegas#hrid:pNKXdiI372FtPJuLdCYyJw )Art House in Sacramento, CA? Tower Theatre ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/tower-theater-sacramento#hrid:6wfd_sjM1d7_hq0V-5Uy-Q ) or Crest Theatre ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/crest-theatre-sacramento ).These are the only places where I lived. You're on your own anywhere else...
5	I LOVE Camelview, in spite of non-stadium seating and the awkward queue in the women's restroom.  I've enjoyed all but one movie I've seen here (Paris, je t'aime, and I only disliked those scenes involving Elijah Wood... not so precious! ).  It makes me smile to notice the broad age spectrum of audience members no matter what is on-screen, and it's quite refreshing to see and hear others be as emotionally affected as I can become sometimes!***Update:  A few weeks back, I saw the second movie I didn't enjoy here (and Paris, Je T'aime doesn't really count, since Elijah Wood's short movie was only one of about 16 short films within the movie), and the title was "Deep Blue Sea."  OK, so don't get me wrong- the acting was very, very good, and I loved the costume design (clothing, furniture, and props), but the plot and the story's resolution just made me almost want to pull my hair out!  I definitely wanted to walk out.  I'm surprised I didn't.  Please, please, Camelview-- I hope I don't get disappointed again so soon!
5	One of the few places showing good indie and foreign flicks. I like the fact that it's not a multiplex with fancy seating too. It's the closest thing us Valley residents have to the Angelica in NY and the Prince Charles Cinema in London.
5	i adore the old style theatre. i wish there were more of them around. the carpet is all worn, the gentle slope of the seating area. yup. i'm in love. i'm a big fan of gentle slopes. ;)if i wanted to climb a flight of stairs to watch a movie, i would put a stair master in front of my LCD TV.the selection of movies at camelview is awesome. i love indy movies so its fun to see them in theatre as opposed...to..um. not.
5	Funny how a small theater that shows mostly independent films could draw such a crowd!Went last Sunday to see "Milk" with Julia and Ayesha.  I ran into the bartender from Harley's in line.  Then, saw our own Amanda with her little girl outside, too!The line was a bit long but...OMG an electronic ticket machine!  Went straight for it with my debit in hand, got my ticket in less than 2 minutes.  The staff at the concession stand was awesome!  They were really funny and you could tell that they loved their job.The theater itself was nice.  Not stadium seats, which all the big theaters have.  We got seats close to the front, because it was *that* crowded and there were 3 of us.  Try finding 3 seats together on a Sunday afternoon!  Seats were comfortable.  Even though it's an older theater, there were still slots in the armrests for your drink.  This will definitely be my first choice, despite it being at Fashion Square.  I prefer independent films sometimes and this place was the top banana!
5	I once went to a movie with Alice Cooper here. I mean, grant it we weren't together but he was in the theater with us.BSadly this is Phoenix's only multi-screen Art House theater.They always have great movies. I guess this place doesn't really deserve this rating but it is our ONLY choice. With that in mind, even the fact that it's in Scottsdale and the theaters themselves are just "okay" I'll give them props for the quality of films they bring to the Valley.
3	Good to know they still have independent films and they chose wisely what to play. Unfortunately this location seems to be attracting 40+ yuppies! I was shocked to see how many middle-aged and even elderly were at Camelview. That was a disappointment :/
4	This is the only traditional (read: non-stadium style seating) that I will still go to.  I am spoiled by the modern seating in most theaters.  I hate looking at the back of someone's head while trying to watch a film.  The Camelview 5 at Fashion Square Mall may be as old as the hills, but it still retains the classic art house feel.  Especially since it shows mostly independent "Art House" flicks.  Recently I have seen "Slumdog Millionaire", "Doubt" and "Milk".  With each film, I noticed there to be friendly and knowledgeable staff (Wow! Were all those words in the same sentence?) as well as clean floors and seats (Yes, I am aware of  the statistics of movie theater seats and fecal matter).  The only reason I give it only 4 stars is beacause there is only 1 small bathroom and the urinals are barely 1 inch apart.  Senator Larry Craig would love it here!
4	If you are going to see a movie in Arizona, the way to go is Harkins, and that is why it seems like they own 75% of the theaters in this town now. The loyalty cup with its continuous year long 1$ drinks is awesome and saves so much money when going to the movies. As for The Camelview, this theater which is maybe the oldest one still open without major  renovation in the state, is the one place where you can truly sit back and watch good, award winning, indie movies. The seating is not stadium and theaters 3,4 & 5 are quite small, but the movies they show don't get shown anywhere else in the state, or at least they get them weeks before the wide release. I saw Slumdog Millionaire, Doubt, The Reader, Milk, as well as others here before they were out anywhere else in state. in the past this was the first place to show There Will Be Blood, Little Miss Sunshine, The Savages, and the list goes on. Its thanks to this theater that half these movies even show in Arizona. Thanks Harkins. Love this theater and all the films it shows.
2	the size of the screens is about 4 of my tvs put together. my dwr couch that doubles as a bed is more comfortable than the sitting in this place.too bad it's the only 'theater' to see any good movies.
5	I spend probably half of my monthly paychecks here.The theatre specializes in showing independent or foreign films, which are a nice change to the typical romantic comedies and cheesy slasher flicks being shown at mainstream theatres. My only complaint is that they offer free movies to senior citizens (which is a REALLY nice gesture) on certain days in the afternoon (Also, no offense, you senior citizens, I have mad respect for you) but sometimes this leads to a movie experience filled with the crinkling of smuggled snacks in ziplock baggies, mindless chit chat, the yelling of comments to characters on screen, and the overall smell of bengay. Besides this, my experience is always peachy.If you want to see a movie that's playing here, make sure you catch it soon though. Since there's only five screens, they switch out films fairly rapidly!
1	Why am I giving Harkins Camelview only 1-star? I will explain why, and these are all very legitimate reasons:1. The people in this town - you know who you are, the ones who complain about how there's no "culture" in this town - who will only go to an "independent" film if it's playing at Harkins Camelview. As if Harkins Camelview is the magical, arbitrary measure against which an "independent" film is judged. Or, even sillier, that "Harkins Camelview" is a genre. Here's a quarter, buy this clue: When someone asks you what kind of movies you like, the correct answer would be: "Drama or Comedy or Documentary or Foreign." You don't say, "Whatever's playing at Camelview." You look like an idiot when you tell people that. And furthermore, you should want to see the movie because you want to see the movie, not because oh, gee, it's playing at Camelview, so, gee, it must be good. And setting aside for a moment that most of Harkins Camelview-worthy "independent" movies they show are in actuality big studio-budgeted niche releases, there's maybe one or two movies at a time that really are "exclusive." (Not to mention "independent.") With a few exceptions, you can see most of the same movies at other Harkins theaters or/and "AMC Select" theaters. You can get the same exact "Harkins Camelview" experience at other theaters. Is it really that big of a deal to see a movie a week ahead of time before it expands into more theaters? Honestly? And I really can't stand the idiots - absolute imbeciles -  who need to be told the film's in subtitles. If you're so dense you can't figure out that a French film is in subtitles, you know what? You probably don't have the I.Q. to be going to movies at the Camelview. Go across the street to the Scottsdale Fashion Square and watch "Paul Blart Mall Cop" over there or something. Please.  2. The theater is tiny, right down to the tiny two-window ticket counter that has people standing outside wrapped around the theater like a pretzel. It's ridiculous. It sucks during the winter, when it's cold. It sucks during the summer, when it's hot. (During the summer, the misters are a joke.) When will Harkins get a bigger ticket window at the box office? 3. The theater lobby itself, once you get inside? Even worse. Packed in like sardines. Barely any room to move around it. By comparison, there is plenty of room to socialize and congregate and roam around at Chandler Cinemas and *other* Harkins theaters. But not at Harkins Camelview. You're herded in and out like cattle. If you like being herded in and out of the theater like you're cattle, you'll love Harkins Camelview. 4. The theaters themselves....get smaller and smaller as you walk down the hallway. It's surreal, when you think about it. There's one big theater, one medium-size theater, and if the movie you want to see isn't in either of those...well, you're screwed. An iPod has a bigger screen than that tiny theater at the end of the hall.5. The "Harkins Camelview" mentality in this town has resulted in less and less diversity - and more and more gentrification - at a time when independent film really shouldn't be centered at a CROWDED SHOPPING MALL WHERE YOU CAN'T EVEN FIND A PARKING SPACE MOST DAYS. The next time you want to see an "independent film," stop and ask yourself: "Did I ever go to the old Madstone Theater before it closed? When was the last time I went to a movie at Chandler Cinemas? And, have I been to any film screenings in downtown Phoenix lately?" If your answers to those questions are no, no, and 'there's independent film in downtown Phoenix?,' congratulations, you're part of the reason people think there's no 'culture' here.My conclusion: Harkins Camelview is *NOT* essential for fans of independent and foreign film. (Was it ever?) Those of you in the East Valley or/and West Valley who think you're missing out...you're not missing a thing. You can have the exact same "Harkins Camelview" experience at other Harkins Theaters or/and at "AMC Select" theaters. Save yourself the stress and aggravation and only go to Harkins Camelview if it absolutely, positively isn't showing anywhere else.
4	Crowded and small, but they play great movies there.In fact, I think it's the only place in town that plays foreign or indie films, which is better than nothing.  Definitely different compared to all the other super crazy large movie joints in town, but it serves a purpose.Nice staff.  And they have film fests there too every so often.  It's good to come early because it's always super packed.
3	I came here on a Wednesday midday to see Milk. I'm glad this place isn't playing the standard selection of cheap and annoying comedies that seem to be plaguing other theatres. yes i'm talking to you Paul Blaart, Mall Cop. ugh. In any case, I had a coupony thing and getting in was a breeze, obviously there was no line and I went right into the theatre. Besides the fact that the place looks time-worn, the actual theatre space seemed very small. Olde-timey charm is different than 'this place could use a vacuum.' And I'm used to non-stadium seating, but basically unless you are in the last 4 rows you are going to be craning your neck. The other particular problem was that the movie started 10 minutes late because there was something wrong with the projector. Now this has happened to me a few times before, and on the east coast as soon as a manager has to come out to make an announcement, he is waving movie coupons to keep the crowd from turning against him. Well apparently the 12 of us Milk-goers were not important to warrant a movie coupon so he just came in, made his statement and left.
4	This is a great little movie theatre.  Great stadium style seats that is spacious and reclines.  The theatre was clean and the popcorn was good!
4	Oh, the fallacy that is Scottsdale: the sahuaros are green, the palm trees grow tall, and the women all saunter up and down the boulevards in low-cut tops.  But, thankfully, there is one saving grace, albeit a tiny, under-staffed one with a great rotation of films.  Because, hey, where else is an erudite scholar supposed to go in this town?
4	As I write this review, I'm testing myself... trying to think of all of the movies I've seen at Harkins Camelview 5.  It seems sort of impossible, since the list is long.  In my opinion, this theater gets the best movies in the Valley.  Add a fantastic location, comfortable seats, and perfect movie theatre popcorn, and I'm one happy girl.Here's where I'm at with my list right now.  I'll add to it as I remember more and return again and again:-Sunshine Cleaning-Trans Siberian-The Class-Fast Food Nation-The Boy in the Striped Pajamas-Rachel's Getting Married-The Wrestler-Little Miss Sunshine-WaitressIf you think of any I've missed, feel free to PM me... and if you see any 'must-see' movies, let me know that too.  I love movies!Insider tips: -Make sure to arrive early to a new release - I've made the mistake of arriving too late and wound up with really bad seats.  -Go for the matinee to save a few bucks.-Buy a $25 Harkins gift card and get a free popcorn card.
4	I've only been to this theater 2 or 3 times but I really enjoy that it has options that aren't going to be found at other theaters. Each time I went it was pretty much empty. The theaters themselves are nothing to write home about but if you are looking to see something a little different, check this place out.
4	Went to the free screening of 500 Days of Summer last week here and it was a good experience. Even though it is not stadium seating, I could barely notice. Camelview is great because you get to see independent movies that you would not be able to see in the big theaters. it was clean and the staff was nice. But the best part is that there are no annoying teenie boppers cluttering up the atmosphere. I'm excited to go come back and see another movie. We need a cool theater like this in the East Valley.
5	As a long standing patron of the Camelview, it plays the best movies in an otherwise very homogenous film city. Camelview usually has four or five foreign/art house/independent selections, and there's always at least one or two must-sees at any one given time.The five stars is a relative rating. It speaks to the disappointment I feel about there not being enough selection for film goers and movie buffs. Most of the Harkins theaters are clones of themselves, and are generally watery when it comes to quality movie selections. Harkins Valley Art and AMC Shea have some selections worthy of $9 admission;sadly, most others do not.In a fantasy world, AMC Arizona Center would get some decent movies in and start to attract the clientele that would be needed to infuse the type of business that Phoenix is looking to attract there. Hopefully, someone with a little bit of flair and common sense could realize that putting in some art house/indie/foreign selections would draw a crowd, and make some money in downtown Phoenix.
5	Movies not in the main Harkins Theatres are shown here. Most are great & meaningful. As of today, I have seen every movie playing at Camelview until Friday:500 Days of SummerThe CoveFood Inc.The Hurt LockerPaper HeartAll these movies left me feeling great because I know the time I spent watching the movie was worthwhile. I have learned a lot with each movie and have decided to become a vegetarian as a result of seeing Food Inc. and The Cove.You can't beat the free Medium popcorn ($4) everytime you go to Harkins as long as you wear or bring your $24.25 Harkins T-Shirt in the wrapping as well as the $1 refill on a large souvenir cup. This really differentiates Harkins from AMC for the loyal moviegoer. I only go to AMC when it is unavoidable.
4	One of the few places in the valley to check independent and some foreign movies. They always have some festivals or special presentations going on. It is not large enough for my movie demand, but is OK for being part of big franchise.
2	I came here to this theatre at the last minute on the request of a friend who wanted to see a movie here over the holiday weekend. I've never been to this location, and was surprised to see it tucked away off the edge of fashion square mall.Here are a few things I noticed while attending:A) The theatre is old and small.  Probably built back in the 70's and got turned into an independent movie theatre once the bigger, better theatre was built in the mall.B) parking is limited and crappy.  good luck finding a spot. I circled for 10 minutes.C)  The theatre isnt so bad, its just turned into more of a independent movie theatre kind of place.   just 2 ticket windows, and if its busy, the line wraps around the corner.D) While I was here on xmas day, Every single person here was like 65 and older.  it was ALL old folks!  OMG!  I was the only one not on AARP and retired in the movie theatre!  Not a young hip crowd!  If your looking to hit on people while waiting in line DO NOT GO HERE! Unless if you like a bunch of 75 year old grandpas and grandmas then you've got your hotspot.I would only return here if bound, gagged and dragged by my hair!
5	What would all of us indy loving movie fans do without Camelview!!? For any of the uninitiated out there, Camelview is basically the one main place in the Phoenix metropolitan area that plays all of the limited release and lesser known movies out there. They play the movies that the main theaters SHOULD be playing. The theater itself is nothing special.. it's old and no frills; but in my eyes the only thing that really counts here is what's on the screen! Here is a quick run-down of some of the movies I've seen at Camelview that weren't playing anywhere else when they were first released in Arizona:No Country for Old MenThere Will be BloodThe WrestlerNapoleon DynamiteGrizzly ManA Serious ManCrazy HeartThat's just to name a few... basically a large portion of the critical hits that probably aren't going to make oodles of money will find an audience here; and thank God they do... if Camelview were to go away we'd left with the usual globbidy gloop of poopy that plays at all the main theaters (The weekly rut of romantic comedies and cliche action movies... no thanks!). The other thing worth mentioning real quick is the type of people that go here. Generally I'd say a good 99% of people that go here are adults... you're not going to get crying kids or trouble making teenagers here. I've never had an issue with talking or texting during a movie and I think it's because most people that come here are 'movie people' and are genuinely interested in watching what's on the screen in a respectable fashion. God Bless Camelview!
3	I caught my first movie at the Harkins Camelview 5 last night.  This is a smaller Harkins location compared to the theater located at the nearby mall. Pros-Friendly and courteous staff-Didn't wait in line long for tickets or concessions-No disruptive talking or texting during the movie-Very clean lobby, restroom and theater-Generally an older crowd with no kids or screaming babiesCons-The theater is old and there is no stadium seating. If you sit toward the back of the movie, you may not be able to see the bottom of the screen.-Screen is smaller than what you might be used to at a new location-Restrooms are small. Guys, you'll see what I mean when you go in there. I felt like a wooden soldier.-I found the seat uncomfortable after awhileI'll be back here to catch those smaller independent movies before they go to wide release and can't catch in other theaters in the area.
4	I just love this place.  I feel smarter and more involved just be being there.  You can't beat the size of the theater, the screen and the comfy seats.  This place "Harkins" (pun intended) back to the old days where we celebrated the film going experience as opposed to celebrating concessions in the lobby where the real money is made apparently.Though at this Harkins, such a thing seems relevant. In fact the staff here are some of the best things about this place.  One counter person handed me my drink and said, "Sir here is your caffeine-free diet coke with a splash of cherry, enjoy your show." When you leave the theater, you are greeted by staff that thank you tell you they hope you enjoyed the show.Now that's cool
3	Mr. Harkin...PLEEEASE open a theatre that shows independent/foreign films in Phoenix. I've been coming to this theatre for years, I've seen and enjoyed many a movie that I wouldn't have had the opportunity to see at other major theatres. But Christ, there are SOOOO many old people that come here. I went to see Crazy Heart yesterday afternoon and the theatre was jam packed with seniors. It was as if the bus from Sun City pulled up and let off in front of the theatre. Forget trying to see a movie on a Sunday afternoon, and if you do you better get there an hour early because they flock for the matinee discount. If anything, I do have fond memories of when I saw Dancer in the Dark and more than half the theatre of oldies walked out. We need an independent theatre in Phoenix, it's long overdue.
4	Camelview has been bringing foreign and independent films to the valley long before it was a hip trend.  The theater might be a little run down, but its staffed with true movie lovers happy to be there.  There are 5 screens so you tend to get more stuff running here than the average one screen indie moviehouse.  They show an excellent mix of films you'd have to hunt down otherwise, and the location is very convenient if you want to do something before or after your movie.
5	Gosh what can I say?  I appreciate foreign and low budget films.  Camelview 5 has them - you get the point.  Aside from the films the venue is pretty old school and dinky and nowhere close to the super awesome large IMAX Harkins...but that is understandable.  I'm not there for the seats nor am I there for the concession stands.  I give this place the best!
4	I've been to: a theatre with non stadium seating I've been to: a theatre that plays indie/film festival fare moviesI've not been to: a theatre that shows indie/film fest movies and have non stadium seating. What a find!To those that know me, you know I love me my indie films, from the moment I saw Elizabeth on limited release at the Lido in Newport Beach, CA. and that's saying a lot because it rained that day and the roads were slick and the drivers were stupid that night. It's good there's a hospital nearby.  There was also a line to see that movie, despite the rain. I can still smell the earthy smell the rain made.The perks to watching at a Harkins theater applies to this one i.e. the loyalty shirt and cup, etc. They don't have those concession goodies that they have at the SanTan i.e. churros, fries etc. but they do have the usual fare served at theatres i.e. popcorn, pretzels. Wow, that's a lot of i.e.'s and etc.'s!Do not look for this theatre in the mall! That's not the one you're looking for, this is the one BEHIND it! We missed the last full show of The Kids are All Right the night we went to see the movie; we had to come back the next night after we finally found where it was.We have one of these indy film theaters in Orange county and several in Los Angeles county, but if you're in the Phoenix metro area, this is the place to go.Again, THIS IS NOT IN THE MALL! It's behind it!
2	This theater plays some really great movies. BUT going there is really painful! There are always tons of seniors who don't give a damn about anyone but themselves. They talk loudly during the films. They come in late & take 85 mins to get into their seats. On top of all that to tolerate, on a recent visit a staff member sat behind us in the theater making so much noise that we had to move to the front of the theater to hear. He was on his break.
2	This place is the definition of Artsy Fartsy...  I've attended a few movies here with my wife over the years, and I've yet to make it through one without falling asleep.I enjoy the popcorn, but they have always been understaffed.  I've waited through lines to get in, and through long lines for refreshments.  Enjoy!
4	I love this theatre.  Not the biggest, fanciest, or most featured.  It is a great place to watch indie and foreign films.Don't come here for blockbusters, pizza's or latte's.Not every movie here is great, but it is unlikely that you'll find it at another theatre.
4	Harkins Camelview is perfect for all times of the year, but especially those times of the year when nothing worthwhile is being produced by Hollywood (like after summer, but before December).  Camelview brings to Scottsdale those movies you know you should go see, but need a good excuse to do so.  Thankfully, it's located right in the heart of Sodale (South Scottsdale), across the street from Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall, and near plenty of restaurants and bars to visit beforehand or afterward.The staff isn't extraordinarily friendly or welcoming (like you might expect at a local independent theatre), but they're not unfriendly either.  Go there for the unique movies/documentaries and some popcorn, and you won't be disappointed...unless you don't like the movie, I guess, but hey that wouldn't be Camelview's fault!
4	I'd rather see a small indie or foreign movie over a Hollywood blockbuster anytime.  This is the place in town for those type of artsy films.
5	If you have not seen a movie at Camelview, you are missing out. For some reason, Camelview gets access to play indie films that other theatres don't. I have seen some amazing movies here that are not playing at any other theatres in the State! Living in North Phoenix, it is kinda far, but it is worth the drive. If you are seeing a new movie, make sure you get there early as there is often a line and they only have 5 theatres which are not very big. Also...it is a Harkins, so I recommend investing in the soda cup and popcorn t-shirt, they are a great deal!
5	If I want to go see a movie, this is the first theater I check. It usually has limited release and foreign movies. I don't usually go for the huge "blockbuster" movies so this is one of the few theaters that will show them. I have seen many movies here that have had a lot of people talking about them later. It's not the nicest theater but it is clean and well kept. The only thing I would change is about Harkins as a whole, I wish they would show more of the type of movies that they show here because it's quite a drive for me to get there.
4	It took me a long time to get around to reviewing Camelview 5 and I think it's just because I had mixed emotions at first.  It's a little too corporate, I suppose, and since it's pretty much the only theater in town that you know for sure is going to have movies first released in limited theaters, it's going to be packed.  I can't really fault it for that.I'm not sure what it is, but I've never been too crazy about coming here.  The smaller theaters?  I dunno.  Maybe it's because what I really want is an independently run theater that allows me the opportunity to get a chance to see 127 Hours or Moon when it's still fresh and brand new?  That would be the dream, but until then, this theater is AMAZING to have around.  Plus, I get to use my loyalty cup for $1 sodas, so the whole conglomeration thing isn't all bad.  If you're excited about a movie coming out, but you know it'll either take a few months to make it to more mainstream movies, or maybe even fizzle out and appear on DVD, this is your go-to place (A Serious Man, The Maid, Son of Rambow, Broken Embraces, Black Swan).  Watch out for olds!  They'll take forever at the box office and sometimes when you get up to pee, you'll have to old the door for like six fogies.
3	I love Camel view for the movies they play, but the place needs some work. The last three movies I have seen there have been packed and hot as blazes! In the summer I can understand a little better, but when it's 50 degrees out and I'm sweating my arse off, I can't excuse it. They call tell when a movie is popular and should change the thermostat to keep the place a decent temp. I purposely wait a week or so after a movie I want to see comes out to hopefully give them time to regulate the air, but so far it hasn't worked out for me. Maybe 2011 will be a better year for my relationship with CV, because 2010 sucked!
3	Nifty little theater showing more of your indie type shows. I can now say I saw 'Black Swan' and the average age in the theater was quite above my late 30s which was a pleasant shock. The theater has great customer service. One of the elder patrons in this theater had to be taken out by paramedics due to health issues which delayed the showtime. They passed out free food coupons to all after the show. Bravo!This is located in somewhat obscure area behine the mall.  You have to park at the mall and walk a bit and traffic is generally very heavy!
4	My favorite place to see movies here in Phoenix. I love independent films and this is the best place to see them at! Recently see The King`s Speech, The Fighter and Black Swan all here. Its a smaller theater, more intimate but I like that. Place does fill up quickly even during the week in the evenings. And on a holiday, always packed!! Spent my last Christmas here, but worth it!! So if you like indie, foreign and the limited release films, then come here! Or if you are a film fan altogether, you won`t be disappointed!! Right near Fashion Square, so there are many amenities to choose for dining options before or after a movie.
2	I don't get it. Why is this place so great? It must be because it's one of the only theaters showing non-mainstream films.I *love* seeing  non-mainstream film and there's a theater in Santa Cruz, CA and another in SFO that make sense for this....these CA  theaters have more than six rows in each theater, the demographics do not remind me of cruise ships, and the vibe is less pretentious.I don't like tiny tiny theaters that smell and cost a lot of money. I won't go back here. The theaters are so small that it's almost like watching tv in your own living room. I won't go back to this place.
4	Great place to see unique movies.  However i am 40 and I know that I am at a minimum 20 years younger than most of the people who frequent this theater.  They talk a lot and loudly during the films and sometimes you can hear the feedback on a hearing aid.  Even with all that, I still am a fan of the theater.
4	Years ago this theater was in trouble.  They were competing against the Fashion Square Theater as well as new bigger theaters popping up in the area.  In order to stay relevant, they began playing the independent flicks you can't find in other theaters in Phoenix.  Also, it has the original retro exterior.  It is a Harkins, which means you can get the souvenir cups and refill them all year for $1 (and they have Diet Dr. Pepper on the fountain, which I am a fan of).  Unfortunately there isn't stadium seating, which is why I only gave four stars.  Otherwise I would give 5.
4	5 stars for the selection of movies. You can never go wrong with a movie here, they will always be good. I get so sick of the low quality, big budget movies playing at the major theaters. This is the spot for independent and foreign movies!I am knocking off a star because this theater is in some serious need of renovations! It looks like it hasn't been updated in years.
4	In a day and age where mega-theaters have taken over with fancy technology, upgraded facilities, and stadium style seating, it's nice to step back to a simpler more traditional movie setting.My wife and I went to Camelview Friday night for the first time, and was surprised to see such a good turnout, considering how long the movie had been out.The other movie watchers were courteous, polite, and respectful of each other, and really appreciated the move-going experience. Their kids weren't unruly or talking during the movie. It was most pleasant.A blast from the past for sure, they keep up the theater. It's clean, easy to get around, and has that small town feel.I loved the large theater and the selection of movies they had available, My wife and I think independent movies are the most well-made genre.In a day and age where the typical American wants to be blown away with special effects, sex, and senseless humor, I prefer to choose an all-around great film.See you soon Camelview
4	If you've ever driven past Camelview, seen a random line to the street and wondered why, then you should definitely stop in sometime and find out! Camelview is a movie theater that houses the hidden films that aren't necessarily true indie films, but unique enough they don't always make it to the major movie houses. Atonement is a movie that falls under this category. So is Midnight in Paris which is playing right now and I suggest you see it! The movies are funny, unique and typically award-winning but you won't find a Hangover II or Anchorman playing here. This is the theater to choose for the movies are always a little quirky and ones you read about in the magazines but can never seem to find playing anywhere. The venue itself is an old school movie theater. There's nothing spectacular about it but there's nothing bad either. The seats are comfortable and the theaters are spacious. You can't find a bad seat in the theater and you'll never feel cramped or caged up. They serve the basic movie essentials and tickets are normal movie price. Camelview stands out for the types of movies they play and this is why you see the lines out the door.
5	Living in different cities in the US, we took it for granted that each city had it's own Landmark Theatre (Indie chain owned by Mark Cuban). So when we moved to the Valley we were surprised with the limited choices for seeing Indie movies. Harkins Camelview 5, is really the only available option. We come here at least twice a month, and the place is always clean and well kept. The employees are always friendly and happy. And, yes if you sign-up for the Harkin's cup deal, the soda refills are $1.00. Not bad. I know this must seem odd, but how do you evaluate a movie theater anyway? You can rate the films I guess -- but really it becomes a choice of location, area, convenience and yes, is the place clean and the seats comfortable?  Well, yes to all those questions.  It's a nice place. Harkins probably could update the seats and spruce up the place a little as one Yelper noted, but Camelview 5 is a nice theater and I'm just happy we have it because without it, what are our options exactly? Enjoy!
5	Let's face the facts. Most movies these days suck. Hollywood is running out of ideas. Movies about comic book characters, movies about old TV shows, the same old horror film with the same creepy kid, romantic comedies that are neither romantic nor funny, and action films where explosions act as filler for a vacant plot. All of these movies are being made by business executives first and artists second. And it doesn't end there. On the off chance that Hollywood miraculously makes a great film they quickly ruin it by making a disgusting and embarrassing sequel (see Hangover Part 2). South Park had it right, George Lucas and Steven Speilberg raped Indiana Jones. Movie producers are raping all of our intellects every time they release another sloppy bucket of hamster vomit otherwise known as "the summer blockbuster". And yes.. I'm talking to you Jerry Bruckheimer!..You Jacka$$!One way to avoid being raped by another vapid, money sucking movie studio is to watch movies at the Camelview 5. You could close your eyes and throw a dart at the marquee here and end up watching an original, intelligent, and entertaining film. This is where I saw Napoleon Dynamite before everyone started buying "Vote for Pedro" t-shirts. This is where I saw No Country for Old Men before it took home four Oscars. This is where I saw The Smartest Guys in the Room before it was cool to know all about financial scandals on Wall Street. I could go on and on. I have been living in the Valley for over 10 years now and almost every great movie memory I have during that time emanates from the Camelview 5.
5	Great place to see movies.  The place is a bit outdated, but whatever, it kind of adds to the experience.  I've never seen a movie here I didn't enjoy and I'm so sick of predictable Hollywood movies.  If you haven't been, you definitely should check it out!!
3	My same friend "forced" me to see another film at this theater, and I had to upgrade my rating to be fair. I have to admit that I had a great experience seeing a film in theater #2 at this place this weekend. It was a big normal size theater and the seats were clean and very comfortable. I still felt like I was on a cruise boat due to the demographics. The place still only gets three stars because some of the theaters are too tiny.
5	We need one here in Tucson...
5	awesome architecture outside and great movies inside!make sure you buy your discounted passes from your AAA office!
5	I was staying in Scottsdale, visiting from Seattle and this was one of my respites from the heat.  I love this theater and the movies they show.  I really really liked Beginners, it belonged in this theater.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1532503/
4	I go to this theater just about every weekend to see a movie. I love this theater because they get many foreign films in that all the other Harkins Theaters do not show. The staff at the snack bar is easy going. If you are into foreign films (French,Spanish, Italian, Indian, and Chinese) and do not mind subtitles. You are in for a real treat in seeing a movie at Camelview 5.
4	One of my top three favorite theaters in the Phoenix area for sure, I have found more gems at Camelview than any other theater. Camelview and Valley Art in Tempe are really the only theaters I monitor on a weekly basis so I don't miss something wonderful. I like the smaller staffed atmosphere and the intimate feeling of the place, plus the seats are comfy and the staff is typically knowledgeable and friendly. The only reasons it doesn't get five stars from me are the tiny bathroom and the *ahem*, older crowd, who very often times can be loud during movies, not the theaters fault, but it still happens.
3	I didn't even know that this theater existed. I was there with Kira for a free screening of Like Crazy ( thank you Kira). I was able to look around and was like wow, I never knew this place existed. It is a hidden little gem that gets some great movies. Small but quaint. I have no qualms about it except for their weird bathroom set up as well as if you know you are hosting a free preview, you may want to have another person working the counter because the lines were crazy!!!!
5	To be honest, I have lost my enjoyment of going to the movies.  Far too often the titles to choose from are uninteresting, the theaters are too crowded, full of rude patrons, and or dirty.  To top it all off, you get to pay almost in upwards of $10 to experience all of this!Harkins Camelview is one of those gems in the rough!!!  The movies they play are some of the best indie titles running, the theaters aren't the size of a sports arena, the seats are almost comfortable enough to fall asleep in, everything is well kept and I've never had an instance where the patrons ruined my movie watching experience!  As stated before too the popcorn is perhaps the best you'll find!  I am also a big fan of the great location, and retro design of the movie house!The next time you want to get out of the house and take in a movie, be sure to give Harkins Camelview 5 a try!
5	I love Camelview. Not only do they show interesting movies, the employees are really nice and the theatres are very clean. The popcorn tastes very good, and I always get a large popcorn with my mum, then bring it back next time for a free refill. Great money saver. AND the loyalty cups are totally worth the first $5.00 you spend, IF you go to the movies a lot, like I do.Lots of old people and hipsters. Sometimes there's snoring.. I think its from the hipsters.
5	Camelview is the best theatre in the valley.  Small compared to the big box theatre - it is a harkins - so wear your shirt and bring your cup to get your coke and popcorn for $1 - you just cannot beat harkins!  Camelview is known for showing independent and smaller films that your 24 plex will not show.  The staff at the snack counter is always fast and attentive - more so than the big theatres.  You will always get good service with a smile at camelview.  That is why I drive in from chandler on a regular basis to see movies there.  They make you feel welcome, and that you are part of a movie experience.
4	I have a very foggy memory of coming to this theatre when I was in high school. I seem to remember awkward, sweaty hand holding followed by being picked up in my parent's minivan. Eesh.Well, all that aside. I enjoyed this theatre. It has an old school feel to it which just barely walks the line of shabbiness. The seats are newer in style, thank god. They're big squishy recliners.   The most important part of this theatre is they offer films not found in your traditional stadium seating, blockbuster, mega money theaters. That's a huge plus in my book. Prices are pretty standard for the movies, not budget breaking, but not cheap either.  The staff here are extremely friendly!
4	I have such a love/hate with this place.i love the fact that we have the option to see first run indie films, something I'm surprised there aren't more options for in a city this size.That being said, because it's one of the few places to catch these types of films, it's slammed on the weekends.if you plan on seeing a movie here from Friday through Sunday.....GET HER AN HOUR BEFORE YOUR MOVIE AT LEAST.  Then go over to fashion square, hang out, come back for the film.  If you don't you're going to drive all the way out here for nothing.The customer service is great though and I'll still come here for films, unfortunately I don't take my own advice on occasion.  :)
5	We saw the Artist here the other day...what a great location to watch it! I love how this theater is totally taken out of my childhood memory.....no stadium like seating, but still a good view from every seat. They keep this place super clean and they have yummy snacks like cinnamon and sugar roasted nuts, so good! (awesome for us who don't do the butter popcorn thing). The staff are super friendly, overall it was a great expierence! Look forward to coming here again!
4	So if you want to see a movie that is not released on a wide scale you'll probably end up here at some point in time. The fact that this theatre caters to a smaller audience is pretty SWEET. However other that that it's basically an old theatre in desperate need of renovation.
5	HR calls you in unexpectedly. You think you're fired for sure. It had to be Jeremy in payroll you reckon...ratting you out for stealing your co-workers lunches out of the fridge, the little worm. You're surprised. In fact you're in shock when HR informs you of a raise and promotion.  You rush home to break the news to your wife, unfortunately, she's in your bed with Julio, the pool guy. What do you do?Still in shock from the raise, you grab your gun and shoot them both dead. You're proper fucked now. Turns out Julio was an undercover police officer with a pool business on the side.You're sentenced to die for your crimes, where you spend the next twenty or so years on Arizona's Death Row.It's the eleventh hour. Still no call from the Governor to stay your execution.That's when the warden comes in to ask what you'll be having for your last meal.Without hesitation, you order Harkin's Theater movie popcorn and a Coke zero. One problem.You didn't buy the Harkins loyalty t-shirt and cup, so he asks you to fork over $12.50 when it could have been only a dollar.Life's a bitch.Harkin's Theaters make it tolerable.
2	As a film fan I have to give this theater 2 stars. Good fresh popcorn, And the t-shirt deal actually makes it reasonably priced! (if only anyone used real butter... alas those days are long gone)Consistently pleasant employees.Good selection of films.But while some may like the "old school" nature of the theaters. when it comes down to it, i go to the theater to see a film, and frankly, the screens are small, the sound systems are meh, and the seats are in need of restoration.And I'm not expecting a Domed Imax experience, but heck, my home theater is more immersive than most of the screens here.I was so looking forward to seeing "Jiro Dreams of Sushi", but when I saw that it was showing here, i realized that it would likely be on one of the lesser screens, and such a beautiful film deserves so much more... so I'll just wait and see it at home.I know that Harkins cares, after the great renovation they did with the Valley Art, I hope they do something similar with this. But until then, I tend to pass on the screens and see the films elsewhere (usually a Harkins theater BTW as a chain, I like them)
4	Have been going to this theater since the 80's.  Back then, it had first run movies and long lines.  Now, I enjoy the fact that they show the obscure films that no one else has.  Lines can still be long, but usually, the shows are worth the wait.  The theater itself could definitely be remodeled, as it appears dated compared to the sleek, new theaters that have recently opened.  That being said, you can't beat the location, and the shirt and cup make the prices tolerable.  Will continue going to this theater for years to come.
4	Venue with five cozy theaters.  As mentioned, a place to view Indie films in the Phoenix metro area.  Movies like "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" and other little-known gems.  One of the few surviving public locations for "Phoenix Mushroom Shade" architecture, structures created around the valley in the 1960's for architectural personality and shade.  An architect or architectural expert can tell you the real term.  The Harkins ones not only emit summer mist, but have great lighting.  Very Cool.  Inside, a mural of Filmdom's greats.  The Harkin's have a long history locally.  Being local, they serve the community well in the celluloid arts.  Thank you.
4	I realized that for some reason I had not given what is perhaps my favorite movie theater in Phoenix a proper review. Coming from Europe, the fact that I'm able to see independant and a lot of French movies (I'm from Belgium), definitely brightens up my week.  There are a lot of little things that one could complain about when going to Camelview, parking can get filled very fast (though there a lot of options) a lot of seniors (not hating sorry, but they have a lot of time and generally get there VERY early which is a complaint you'll often see), not the best sound system or seating), but I'll condense all of those into one negative star, because just like so many things in life, it's sometimes those little things that become nostalgic and that for whatever reason we become attached to). Accepting those issues makes your movie going experience at Camelview more than just tolerable but in a way rewarding. Hopefully there comes a point in time where Harkins focuses perhaps on offering, much like I recall the indie theater in my college days, a glass of beer or wine, but until there's a sign saying "18+ recommended" that will probably not happen. Until then be thankful you get to see some of the world's greatest movies...in perhaps not the greatest setting but one that you get attached to.
5	Quirky distinctive exterior and movies you can't find elsewhere make Harkins 5 a valuable community resource. Plus it's just a good night out. The interior's a little bit shabby yester-chic, not unpleasant to be in but clearly not built recently. The movie-going crowd here makes up for it, though. There's nothing more obnoxious than going to see a movie that other people are using for a hang-out or baby-sitting service, but this Harkins has audiences composed of viewers who actually want to watch the movies they've paid to see.
4	I work around the corner from this theater and like others, didn't even know it was here. There isn't much to say about a theater, but the staff we interacted with were nice and the theater was clean. We didn't take a look at the concessions or bathrooms, but I can't complain about anything else and will be back if they have a movie I want to see
4	If you have a college ID, don't forget to bring it! I forgot mine at the house and they charge $4 or $5 more per ticket, what a rip...When we went inside where the usher took our tickets, my friends were given a hard time because the ticket person gave us the wrong refund to one of our tickets.  And because the movie was rated R and one of my friends didn't have an ID, they gave them the hardest time. We are older adults, not old, but older...and I had to show my ID.  It was a bit annoying, but I guess they're super anal at this theater.  I Joked and said, I'm over 25 so I should be able to take them in right? lolOverall, this place has a nice environment for a theater.  I've seen some horrid ones.  The chairs are comfortable, where the armrest fold up. My friends and I went to the movies after tubing at the river.  I thought I was going to fall asleep, but I didn't because the movie we watched was hilarious.  My friend, on the other hand, fell asleep in the theater and started snoring...
4	I love this theater because it shows indepedent films -- often movies that are fantastic but overlooked in larger theaters -- and it's still a Harkins so $1 drink refills on my yearly loyatly cup and yummy popcorn. CONS- mostly small theaters so they tend to fill up quick. I arrived a half an hour early on Saturday and the theater was in theater 5, their smallest one, which only has 50 seats with over 70% full. - No Icees if you're a fan of those.
5	Love this theater for independent films!
5	Indie film heaven, folks. Not the recycled garbage showing at mainstream theatres. I've been to dozens of movies here. Always friendly attendants, and a few times they've let us come in with our outside food. Of course, we ordered from their concessions as well so it wasn't like we were trying to be cheap or anything. Pssst, no ICEE machine for those fans craving one. They've let me bring one in a time or two, though!It's kind of cool being the only people in a theatre at night. It's like Mystery Science Theatre commentary since you can talk and enjoy the movie like you were at home. I'm not concerned about the old decor, it's the movie I'm interested in. I've never had a bad experience here. Thanks for looking outside the mainstream machine and bringing quality, interesting and unique movie options to the metro-Phoenix area!
4	My hubbie and I LOVE this venue. It's one of the only places in the valley to see independent films and the location is fantastic, as there are so many great restaurants, not to mention the Fashion Square Mall, nearby.Once a month, this place is a Date Night staple.Only issue I've had over the years is the seating. It's "old school" auditorium, not stadium seating, so--as I'm a "shorty"--I often end up having to shift seats to find a clear view of the screen. Sometimes I'm tempted to get a child booster seat, but I'm not sure my butt would fit (kind of embarrassing if it got stuck, huh? LOL)
4	I admit, I am a loyal Harkin's fan. With the refill cups, and popcorn refill, it's hard to beat Harkins. This theater features art films and indie films, and is a quaint little theater. I do wish they had the stadium style seating, and nice comfy chairs, but what are you going to do, we can't have everything. I am hoping sometime they update the place, but it is what it is, and a great place to see smaller release films.
4	I saw a movie here a few weeks ago and had a fun time. I like that there is a place in town to see indipendant films on the big screen that you don't see in the other theaters. The attendants behind the counter were nice and seemed happy to serve up my drink - sometimes at other theaters they can seem unhappy to be there. Since this is a Harkins, bring your loyalty cup and have some of their warm buttery popcorn.
4	As Norma Desmond Said:  "I am big.  It's the pictures that got small!"What a classic little space the Harkins Camelview 5 is. Walking into the entrance reminds me of the reason I fell in love with movies as a kid and ended up working in the motion picture industry for over 15 years.  I've since come to my senses and returned to being a movie patron and fallen in love with the independent, art-house, and foreign films that play at the Camelview.  Although it's not got the steep stadium seating as in the larger multi-plexes and you may feel as though you are further away from the screen, it's got tons of legroom and the new seats you're used to at other modern theaters.  Enjoy the show!My Tip:  Invest in the Harkins T-Shirt & Cup and get free popcorn and $1.50 sodas at the concession all year long!
4	I love independent/art/documentary/not-mainstream movies, so consequently, Camelview is one of my favorite spots as they are one of the few theaters here in the valley that gets these films.Positive things about the theater: *Great movies! *Friendly employees*Reasonably sized drinks (movie theater "bucket-o-cola" drinks are a pet peeve of mine and their small is equivalent to a medium soda from a fast food restaurant, which is just perfect) *Yummy cinnamon almonds for sale at the concession stand*A retro-y feel Negatives*Older theater that feels a bit rundown*No stadium seating*Seats that are not particularly comfortablePoint of note (not positive or negative)*because of the type of movies they show, it seems like it is often popular with an older crowd of moviegoers. This can make for a sortof unique moviegoing experience if you come from a different demographic.It is a fun spot that we manage to visit every couple of months. I wish that there were more options for Art films here in the Valley, but for the moment I do love Camelview, because I don't really have a choice in the matter ;)
3	Harkins Camelview IS the go to theater for independent and foreign films. But have you ever seen a film there where the screen is soooo small that you should have visited your rich uncle and watched his TV??There are only two great screens and a few tiny ones.Come on man! Huge ticket prices and a tiny theater? Why not scale the ticket price down like the price is scaled up for the Capri screens?Just wondering.
4	I've been here a few times and more recently came to see a preview of the movie "Stoker". The location is nice - tucked away off the main road but still close enough to the mall and plenty of parking. The inside is on the small side, but this is a more intimate/indie experience. There are only a few screens and the lobby is tiny. The room we sat in was also on the smaller side - probably could only fit +/- 200 people? The screen was smaller as well. It definitely is a difference experience than other theaters. Also, the back door kept squeaking and groaning as people went in and out of the theater (totally ruined the movie experience).  While this Harkins is smaller and more intimate, it is the perfect venue for indie films. Anytime a small release film comes out, this is the place to go see it.
5	I like this theater. Of course I am a fan of Harkins Theaters. Easy to find and easy to park. It looks like it has been there a while on the outside but it still looks good. Some would say retro but it probably just stayed like that since it was build. The inside is very nice. Clean of course. I like the decor. It is a small theater only 5 screens. They show mostly independent and/or artsy films. Since it is small it seems like you are rich and it is your own private theater and you just invited some people over for a movie. I really like all of the pictures on the walls. They add to the entire experience. It is different from any theater I have ever been too but I like it and I will definitely come back.The staff was very friendly. It was just as well run as the big multiplex theaters. One added bonus is it is probably never really crowed so no worries about not getting a good seat or a movie selling out. I will keep an eye on what is playing here and I will be back.
4	I love Harkins Camelview Theater; it's the independent/foreign film theater house to go to!  Yes it's a Harkins theater, but it gives off a little bit more of an artsy swagger. In the metro valley it's just nice to know that there is a good chance you will be able to see that foreign film you have been waiting for, or catch some of indie films.  There are 5 theaters, and I just saw a film in theater #5, it may be held 70 people, not sure, but even with it looking small, I didn't feel like I was squished. The entire theater is clean, the refreshment stand is their right when you walk in, staff is friendly, just a good vibe over all! Look forward to watching many more movies there!
5	I love this venue as it shows Independent and Foreign Films.  It has a nice retro decor and very clean.  All of the Staff is friendly and I love that they now have the automated ticket dispensers if you are paying by credit card so you don't have to wait in line.  It makes it so quick and easy to get your tickets, pay for them and walk in and find a seat and enjoy the show.
5	Harkins Camelview gets the best selection of movie!  Movies you typically can't find anywhere else in the valley!  They typically have a great selection of independent films and limited release films   Usually not too crowded.  The theater is older but I think that is one of the things that gives if flare.  I LOVE this place!  You can't beat their loyalty program too!  Buy a shirt, bring it and get free popcorn for the year!  Great savings when you see at least one movie per week ;)
4	Ok,This place needs a major renovation.It's a throw back to theaters from the... 90's?But, I do enjoy the movies they play.  And oftentimes, the movies I want to see are ONLY playing here.Bonus, it's next to lots of shopping and bars... so you can go to HH, get a buzz on, wander through the mall and end up here seeing a movie!
4	Shows independent and foreign films but is still a corporate atmosphere.
5	As Lindsey D.'s review is the first one that popped up when I started to write my own review, I have to say as usual Lindsey D. wrote an excellent review and pretty wrote everything that I would want to write about this particular Harkins.I will add though that as a long time resident of Phoenix, I'm giving this Harkins 5 stars for nostalgic reasons like this particular Harkins has been around long enough for the building to be, in my opinion, a Phoenix landmark.Every city needs their "cool" theatre that shows more of the independent genre movies~ the fact that this one is a Harkins I hope is a testament that this particular movie theatre building and location will still be here many years to come.I also like that the lobby feels smaller and more intimate and not like the mega theatres some of them can be.
4	Thank heavens for Camelview...there is really no other place even moderately close to me that shows interesting independent, foreign and art films. During the hot summer months, my friends and I try to hit up a movie here at least once a week. The  people who work here are friendly and helpful. A couple of the theaters are really small, so be sure to get there early if your movie is showing in one of them. Also, the restrooms are very small...so be prepared for lines when the show is over!
5	Growing up in Phoenix, I've always been aware of this theater's existence. I just never went there until last week.I. was blown. away.Not only because of the movie I saw (Kings of Summer is a deliciously retrospective look at growing up. I highly suggest it.) but also because of the retro vibe that comes from the theater itself. It was very clearly designed in the 70's or 80's, and the entirety of the building reflects that. But in the same way, it is beautiful, small, and personal.There is no better way to see an independent film in Phoenix than at this intimate theater.(They're also really chill about outside food and drinks. Just don't flaunt it, and they'll let you bring it in.)
4	This theater features independent and foreign films. The Harkins Loyalty Cup is honored here. It's a small theater, but many times is the only theater featuring the films they offered. Most recently I viewed Joss Whedon's "Much Ado About Nothing" here. I'd visit again anytime.
3	I have never been into Harkins Camelview before, and wasn't extremely delighted with the theater itself. Seemed like a blast from the past, sort of old, dark and dreary. I like that they exclusively show narrowly distributed films, so if you're into that, this is the place to catch them. If you're looking for the latest release of superman, iron man, batman, spider man, or some other ___man, just walk inside the mall and catch it there.If you're really into the indie's I'd check out film bar in downtown phoenix, this spot seems to be more for those studio films, that don't get picked up in wide distribution or in many markets. The movie we went to was just about sold out and we ended up in the front row by the time we got in. I normally object to sitting so close to the screen, but it really wasn't as bad as I was expecting.Happy Yelping Phoenix, I'll see you at the movies!
4	I love this place because they show the smaller Indie flicks, Cannes films and foreign pics you can't get right away at the large theatres. Whenever I want to see a movie and the big studio releases are unappealing, I always watch trailers for whats playing at Camelview. I've seen so many gems here prior to wide release, I can't even count...  It's a great place to do date movies because its a bit more intimate and the movies are often conversation inspiring.  The theaters are smaller and they are not the stadium-style seating of the newer places, so get here early and be prepared to find an older crowd if you go in the afternoon.  The snacks are good and the service is friendly. Two thumbs up!
5	I have so many awesome memories of this theatre. I've been coming here for years and years to see all of the limited release movies and indie movies. Yes, this movie theatre is old, and if your movie is in theatres 3-5, you will be in a tiny theatre that has an older feel, but that's part of the charm! Theatres 1 and 2 are nice, large, and new. The chairs are comfortable. The BF and I went to Camelview this weekend to see Blue Jasmine (which was awesome!) and as we walked in, the delicious smell of popcorn was overwhelming (we managed to resist, but it was so sad to do so). Harkins has THE best popcorn around (soooo much better than AMC...ick), which also adds to the excellence of this theatre. I'll continue coming to Camelview to see indie movies because I like it and because they are usually the only place showing these movies. Gotta love it!
4	I like the fact that this place shows all the indie flicks. In a weird way, I also kind of like the decor...it reminds you of an old-school theater from the 80's with the neon lights and giant, somewhat disturbing mural of what seems like mostly 60's-80's-era movie stars. There are only 3 or 4 theaters (I think), so it's pretty small and sells out fast, but no problems if you get there early.One thing that does annoy me is the seating, which is why I am withholding a 5th star. They should stop selling tickets at a certain point, because they pack the theater TO THE BRIM and it makes for some very awkward encounters with people who come in late and expect to find 2 seats together. Sorry charlies, no can do! It's not our fault that we got here ON TIME and found seats and now you're mad about it. Also, to the people who talked through the first half of the movie...kindly shut your pie holes!!!
5	Cute, small movie theatre. It plays the rare indie films you probably won't find anywhere else.
4	With all the complaining people do about Phoenix compared to other big cities, one thing that tends to get lost in the shuffle is the number of large, clean, movie theaters that play big blockbusters. It seems like there's several theaters that have at least 10+ screens and tons of seating. When I lived in San Francisco we had two theaters like this (okay, there was a couple others somewhat close by). The thing I really like about Camelview 5 is that it's the one theater in town that plays the "artsy"/independent movies, yet it's still a Harkins. Same admittance prices, same soda/popcorn deals, etc., as with all other Harkins. It's a clean theater, with nice seating, good sound, and yet has a somewhat "old-timey" feel to it (although the seats are comfortable, they're not high-back, but they do have drink holders). I'm not sure the exact sizes of the 5 theaters here, but two of them are "bigger" & the other 3 are quite small. Honestly, I've called ahead a few times to ask which theater the movie I want to see is playing in because I know I might have to get there earlier to see a movie playing in one of the smaller theaters. A couple of things to note: 1) The movies here can get quite crowded. I don't mean just night-time movies on the weekends. I've been to several matinees here on weekdays (I'm talking first showing of the day) where the theater (the larger ones) are 3/4's of the way full. 2) They have limited handicapped seating. I often times go to the movies w/my dad who is in a wheelchair and there's been a couple times where this has been an issue. I bring this up because for whatever reason this theater does attract a lot of seniors (who let's be honest...often times have physical ailments that require handicapped seating). As a result, plan accordingly going to see a movie here. All in all, this is a really nice theater, and often times the ONLY theater in the valley where you might be able to see a particular movie.
4	Phoenix is lucky to have a theater like this, and by that I mean one that brings in the documentaries, foreign films, and award nominees that don't get play in the regular multiplexes.Sure, other towns sometimes have one art theater that will play a limited selection of these movies, but to have a multi-screen theater that runs these films continuously throughout the year is just a treat and Harkin's Theatres should be commended for making this available.Yes, it's a little dated inside, and I do wish they had stadium seating, but those are minor complaints. In fact, I'm old enough to remember going to see Tron when it was first released in 1982 at the Camelview (before the mall even had another theater) and I loved the theater then and I still love it today.I certainly hope the rumors that this theater will be demolished to make room for more mall expansion are just rumors because the Camelview Theater is a shining point of light for cinephiles in the Valley and it deserves to remain so.
4	I used to go to this theater when I used to live in Phoenix to attend more indie or artsy films with my Mom. So I have fond memories. It's a smaller theater, so you don't have to deal with huge crowds like normal theaters. This time my Mom and I decided to see A.C.O.D on a Tuesday night. We were literally some of the only people there. Maybe 3 others. It was nice having the place to ourselves! That's the way to do it. Perfect middle seat, no one blocking the view, etc.I heard through the grapevine that this place might be closing. I would be sad if that is the case even though I don't live here anymore! Smaller theaters are better!
4	This is the theater to visit for obscure movies of a kind that are seldom seen in my small town. The theatre has five screens for theaters of varying sizes. The staff is always friendly. The concession area is small compared to most theaters but there isn't room for much more. At the end of a movie the restrooms are crowded. Parking is not much of a problem during weekdays but on a weekend can be a challenge. When in Scottsdale we do our best to get here. It is a special place and I fear it may not last.
5	They're planning on tearing down this wonderful place due to profit seeking a-hole moves : ( The only place where they rotate out amazing indie flicks you're probably not going to see anywhere else.Hard Candy, Short Term 12, Atonement, Hunger, Thank You For Sharing, Dallas Buyers Club, all seen here...and the list goes on.We're SO lucky to have this place in the Valley, and now they want to get rid of it? A sad day to come...sigh.
5	See this place before they close it down and move down the street to some polished and soulless location off Scottsdale Road.It's not necessarily  that this location is  architecturally significant, or unique in any way that couldn't be reproduced, its just that I simply don't trust Harkins to continue their commitment to small films. I see another huge multiplex opened with a few screens initially committed to art and independent films. That is, of course, until they realize that they are losing a precious revenue by not having every possible screen available to show Michael Bay's next gilded turd....let's hope I'm wrong.Until then, please go check out this theater. They always bring interesting documentaries, art films, and indie stuff.
5	Thank you Mr Harkins! You bring independant, small budget, documentary and foreign movies to us that no one else does.  I drive 30 minutes acros town to see at least 15-20 movies here a year not counting when you have a film festival in house.  The staff are always happy and helpful, the cinemas are clean and comfy.  Parking is a breeze even if you may have to walk across the huge garage.Please, please continue your commitment to your loyal movie goers.
5	This theater stands out because of its movie selection. They provide a variety of unique films. Although I have only seen one film here I intend to go back before it's torn down. It's unfortunate since it's a modest theater with a lot of character. The service was great and the seating was comfortable, the classic viewing was enjoyable. The bathrooms were beautiful and clean and although it could use a little sprucing up in the lobby and hallways, it's quite the gem.
5	Love seeing foreign movies! Best place to see them! Great staff! Next to Fashion Square Mall:-)
5	Eastern visitors to Phoenix may find themselves wondering where they can find film fare equivalent to the NYC Angelika, Film Forum, IFC.  Camelview is the answer-great place.
4	This was my favorite complex because of the foreign films. I am a magnet for crude people. Someone either putting their feet in my face, talking all through the film, tossing popcorn, laughing at other people's pain, crowding my seat, pushing or banging the back of my chair, etc. Many of the movies I purchased on DVD plus the soundtracks.
4	So many good memories at this place. Harkins Camelview is one of the few places in the Phoenix area to catch the latest independent film releases. Other than the film selections and a certain level of nostalgia, this theater is honestly like most other movie theaters. It is smaller than your average theater and the viewing experience always feels a little more intimate, which is nice, but other than that they serve popcorn and candy and you watch a movie on a large screen.I wish I had more to say about this place where I've seen some truly great films and some other more bizarre ones, but there not too much else to report. I will say that it's a great date spot, especially if you're trying to impress someone with your more erudite cinematic tastes.
5	Camelview is a landmark in Phoenix and I don't know what this city would do without it!  I have seen so many amazing independent movies here over the last 20 years.  It's such a nice aspect of the cultural scene in Phoenix and Scottsdale and I urge everyone to try a movie or two at Camelview this upcoming season.  The theater itself is small and not updated with stadium seating.  It's got some old fashioned swag to it which is appreciated by the people who visit.  There are only 5 theaters so they get crowded easily on the weekends if it's a good movie.  I recommend buying tickets ahead of time and arriving at least 20 minutes before the movie starts.  Usually I show up 5 minutes before a movie, but you need to plan ahead at Camelview.  Can't wait to check out some great movies here in the next few months before the Oscars!
1	Mr. Harkins is an extreme leftists and why would anyone in the middle or to the right want to support this guy?  So if you're a conservative, then go to another theatre.
5	I love this theater. Shows independent and foreign films, as well as some mainstream ones. I've seen some amazing Palestinian films here like Amreeka and Omar, as well as one of my favorite films: The Intouchables from France. Smaller theater, more intimate feel to it. Sad that they still plan on getting rid of it.
4	Love this theater because there are no frills or thrills.  This is a clean charming cozy place to see independent films.
5	I'll keep this short and sweet. Best arts theater in the valley. If you are any sort of film biff, this theater will have what you want before it goes to the mainstream theater or to filmbar. Prices are the same as any other Harkins. Food is the same. Seats are the same. All in all this is a run of the mill theater. However, independent and foreign movies is their forte here. If you want to see this movies as soon as you can in the valley, then you have to head to camelview. Unfortunately, it is set to close sometime over the next year.
