4	This restaurant in housed a pretty magnificent building, which is called Tudor House, so go figure! It's one of the two "little madnesses" situated in New Town, and the dishes are extremely french!I haven't had any main meals here, but did take a glance at the menu and saw duck, risotto and some pretty pricey filet. My friend and I had decided on a whim to go have dessert at some fancy restaurant, and chose this one. I'm hoping to take my parents back there one day, so they can treat me to a FULL dinner, because all I've had so far was their creme brulee which was absolutely delicious.The restaurant itself isn't intimidating at all, and was quite laid back when I was there.
3	We had a bit of a mixed time at La P'tite Folie. From my perspective, both my dishes were very good, but MJ's dish was really pretty ordinary. The location is very smart and the service good, though, so If you order well, you'll be very pleased with the place.Overall, we said: "in terms of the food, I did very well at La P'tite Folie. The soup and the seafood were both very good indeed. But MJ's dish was not right, so once I got over my triumph, I did wonder at the potential for this place to be a bit hit and miss. But I have to go on what I was served, and both dishes were very good. So, as is often the case, careful ordering is richly rewarded. Beyond that, I have a feeling that other places operating within this milieu (L'escargot Blanc to name but one) are likely to serve you to a more reliably high quality level."
4	december is a month of non-stop christmas dinners, drinks, and nights out.  so arriving at La P'tite Folie for my third dinner of the festive season i had relatively moderate expectations.  christmas dinners are not always the best way to try a restaurant for the first time, but i needn't have worried about it this night.we were a table of six and had pre-ordered our food already.  however, we were still brought the wine menu and when asking for prosecco (which they serve in Le Di-Vin) i was told they only had sparkling wine.  we all decided to go with that anyway after a brief description by the waiter and it was shortly brought over to us.  before starters arrived we were also given a bread basket and a massive bowl of salad which was a nice touch.starters arrived and i was well pleased with my smoked duck, blue cheese, and pear salad.  it was delicious and the duck was so tender and just mixed perfect with the blue cheese, pear, and salad.  it was probably one of the best starters i've had this whole christmas season (only out done by my smoked makarel salad at Field).  for mains i had the salmon wrapped in phyllo dough with season veg and mash.  another really tasty course with the salmon perfectly cooked and the mash and sauce just really incredibly good.  after a short break and an order for coffees we were brought dessert. i had tart tatin which was nice but not as good as the previous two courses.all throughout dinner we were made to feel very welcome, with courses arriving in good blocks of time instead of being rushed through the meal.  when booking we were told we would only have the table for two hours, but as the restaurant was not too busy they happily left us to sit there for around 3 hours instead which actually allowed us to enjoy the meal instead of feeling that we were on the factory line of christmas dinners like other places i had been.if i was rating my christmas dinners by the quality of the food and service this would definitely come near the very top of my list.  the only real negative point i can think of was that for 6 the table was a bit small.  we're fairly small girls (all of us being runners) and even for us the chairs were a bit close together.  but it's a small quibble for what was a really enjoyable evening with good food and good friends.
