3	This has been the hardest star rating in a long time, wish I could give 2.5 star rating!  This was one of the more unusual / eventful meals out in a long time.I work nearby and have been watching the renovations of what used to be Rainbow Arch. I went here for dinner before going to the theatre as I was in the mood for oodles of noodles! The renovations here feel like they have been started, and enough done to open the doors to the public and get some cash in the till to then do some more. The drinks stock is very basic and the waitress advised that they will be getting more options in soon. The same must be for the menus as it literally is printed on A4 paper and stapled together! Paper table cloths and no music. The waitress had chunky black plastic glasses on with no lenses in them, fine as a fashion statement or in a themed restaurant but maybe not whilst working? I opted for tofu and pineapple with noodles and my husband had chicken in a black bean sauce and fried rice. The food was amazing, really really tasty and I was very pleased indeed with my meal choice indeed. Check out my pictures. The fried rice served in a bamboo box was fun and kept the rice hot to go back to. Anyway, we were three quarters through out meal when a mother and daughter who were also dinning started a disgruntled discussion with the manager that very quickly got louder and more involved, the manager was very composed and asked to discuss aside etc but the woman was now shouting and frankly disturbing every other diner. The just of it was that the mother had gone to use the bathroom and found them not up to standard and after a few shouts of environmental health this and disgusting that, lots of swearing and pulling the managers coat off him....the woman left!  The manager apologised and we were all a bit dumbfounded and looking around at each other. We finished our meal and I decided out of total curiosity I had to go and check out the bathroom........wouldn't you?Ok, so when I mentioned earlier about partly renovated it is the bathrooms that are the main culprits. The gents (the door was wide open, I didn't go in) had been a little updated but a bit grubby.  The ladies is right out of the 1970's with burgundy (alternative to the avocado suite) but rusty plug, taps and overflow. One sink out of order and only one cubicle had a light in it. In need of a good deep clean. Ok then I turned round to see the graffiti covered wall complete with marker pen drawings of male genitals!!! It was so bad that I burst out laughing. I can clearly see why the woman wasn't happy with them but I certainly wouldn't shout the place down.So, there you have it.  Great food but needing a lot more work done to bring the decor up to standard.  Undecided if I will go back?
5	Yummy food and nice dining experience. Staff were really friendly and attentive. I ordered wonton noodle soup, it wasn't on the menu but after asking they happily put together a main sized meal for me. My partner got kung pao chicken- yuuuummy! There were so many other great looking meals on the menu too :-)
4	The Chinese food here is decent. The restaurant is clean and modern. The waitress that works there is very nice and attentive. I'm surprised such a good Chinese food place exists in Edinburgh and we were happy to find it after days of British food!
