5	Let's get very clear here. These guys are not good!  Good is the enemy of Great. These guys are GREAT!So, we have had a pool for 15 years and we are on our forth pool service. The previous ones were either not good as soon as they grew and expanded and had new staff, or they sold out due to whatever reason.Action Pool Service is great.1.  Owner - Reece Bettencourt is the owner and he is licensed, bonded and insured. How many others of you use a technician that is working on your property that is NOT licensed, bonded or insured?2.  Assistant - Chris is his assistant and he is great too. On time and communicates well,  personable and can do attitude.3.  Extras - The service costs about 25.00 more per month than my old service and there are a few services that I now pay for that use to be part of the service. Is this more expensive? I say it is VALUE!!! I would rather pay a bit more for quality service that protects my pool and equipment in the long run vs. the short run!4.  More extras -  Reece the owner is also President of the Henderson chapter of the Independent Pool, Spa Service Association.  That is a good quality to have in your service partner, someone who just doesn't talk the talk, but walks the walk!!!  Here is the link for you to check out... http://www.ipssa.com/regions-and-chapters.html#R85.  I am very happy.These guys are the real pros.
5	I called Reece for some pool construction advice and referral. He was busy with customers, but still was able to provide me with a great referral and sound advice. I liked Reece so much and was appreciative for his help, that I will be changing my pool service to Action Pool Service and get rid of my current guy.
5	I found Action Pool on Yelp last year. My pool was a mess and pumps and in floor cleaners not working. These guys are amazing! They answer your calls, return calls, and show up within 2 business days! I never have been put off for even a week (other companies scheduled me 10 days out!) Jim is great! On time and works until it's all figured out. My pool works as well now as it did 8 years ago! Their prices are reasonable and competitive and they never pressure you to do more than you want but they will be honest about what you need! Jim took the time to label and explain all my equipment! I wish all companies were this great!
5	Last Saturday, I called and left a voice-mail at Action Pool Service.  I don't expect everybody to work on Saturdays, but I was satisfied when my phone rang with a return call at 9:01 Monday morning.  I had bought a Wilkins 720A PBV as mine had frozen last year and was leaking.  I had planned on replacing it myself, but I found myself not having the free time to do so.   I had some concrete and pool deck work done recently by a terrible company, Ultimate Concrete (look for that review).  They left a terrible mess in the pool, including lumps of pool deck material on the floor of my pool.   My in-ground system had to pick up a lot of dirt and remains from the construction.  I felt like I should clean the Hayward cartridge filters.In talking with Steve on Monday morning, he said the price to replace the PBV that I had bought would be $135.  While this wasn't the best quote I had, the reviews I had read of Action Pool gave me confidence in having them do the job.I wasn't disappointed as they had somebody from their sister company, Action Plumber, come out a few hours later and replace the PBV.  They did a very good job in wrapping and protecting the pipes from freezing.  I had them replace a $15 float for $50, but I wanted it done right, just didn't have the time to go to NPS and do it myself.  The real bright point of this day came when earlier Jim from Action Pools came to clean my filters.  Immediately, he said, "You really don't need to have your filters cleaned".  My first thoughts were "What, a repairman is telling me I don't need to have something done that I requested"???  How unique is this!Jim went on to answer multiple questions I had about my pool and it's plumbing.  He was very honest and informative.  He gave me several bits of information that will help me maintain my pool, without calling a service.  Again, damn, I was impressed!  Jim was the most informative guy I have ever spoken with about pools (a close second is the manager at NPS at Eastern and Windmill).  Jim didn't charge me a penny for coming out to do something I requested (filter cleaning) even though he had to spend the time and money to come to my house.  I didn't hear the phrase, "Well, I have to charge you a service call".  I don't believe Action is the best on price, but I have not seen anyone better on business practices.  Good job, Jim.!  Good job, Action!
1	I called Action Pool Service to get my pool tile cleaned -- to remove the serious calcium deposits that I had.It all started great -- Steven, who made the appointment for the inspection/quote, was great, and Jim, who did the inspection/quote was also very nice, so much so I forgave him for not showing up for his appointment twice (third time was the charm). At least he did call to cancel both times, and, again, was very friendly.Anyway, because of Jim and Steven I did end up accepting the quote and giving the green light.One of the techs did the actual cleaning (his name escapes me right now) and initially it all went very well too -- they used bead blaster to perform the cleaning (rather than acid) and he did call me twice to keep me posted on the progress and run a few things by me.Once the pool was filled back up, Jim came back to add salt and CYA back to the pool.And that's when things started going South.I told Jim that I noticed that the other tech had left quite a bit of bead blaster at the bottom of the pool, and I asked for it to be cleaned up. Jim's answer was that "the in-floor cleaning system will take care of it in a day or two".Well, it didn't, and I emailed Steven back and asked for them to come and clean the very large amounts of bead blaster that was now covering the bottom of my (now filled) pool. That stuff is heavy and the in-floor system just doesn't have the power to remove it. And even if it did, it would just go into the pool filter and clog the heck out of it. And we all know pool filters are a pain to clean.Steven never responded and suffice to say I had to figure out a way to clean the stuff myself; the only option ended up being buying a robotic pool cleaner, that I literally had to run every day for TWO WEEKS to get all of the bead blaster out. Besides the hassle, those robotic pool cleaners aren't cheap. I had no need for a robotic cleaner until they filled my pool with bead blaster.If that wasn't enough, I later also found a huge pile of bead blaster that had been left in a corner of my backyard, "hidden" underneath some gravel. That has been equally a pain to remove, since you can't just hose that stuff off (it's extremely hard to get rid of).So in the end, in spite of Steven and Jim's initial friendliness, they basically left me with a huge mess to clean up and more expenses. Had I known what I know now I would have definitely gone with somebody else, or done the job myself and saved both time and money.
