4	Well, the Wings are different, thats for sure. They use a dry seasoning on top, which I wasn't so sure about at first, but ended up loving them. They have a few pool tables and the music is top40ish from rap top40 (-1) to alt top40. I don't go out of my way to go there except Wing Night and sometimes Fridays to meet some friends that are regulars.
4	Saturday at 11:30 am, those wings in a tray of one of their many flavors were super good.  Honey garlic bbq sauce, a beverage, and a chill mid-day atmosphere make this place a serious hit for lunch.
4	A group of us decided to watch the Pens Game here...WOW...We are fans! Ugly Dog Saloon had a huge Projector Screen right in the middle of the Bar for all the action up close and the food was GREAT!The WINGS were Excellent for the Price...CHEAP!We also ordered the 'Big Ugly'...it is a CHEESE STEAK sandwhich with a Bacon Cheeseburger Stuffed inside. Let me Repeat...Steak, Burger, Bacon, Nacho Cheese, White Cheese, Mushroom, Onions all STUFFED into a 12" Roll...for your enjoyment. The sandwhich was AMAZING!
4	I was in town and didn't wanna drive to the Carson strip. Found this place thanks to the girl at the front desk of our hotel. Top shelf liquer was super cheap, no cover and people were friendly and made us feel like we were regulars. Girls were receptive. Talked to everyone and they bought us shots. We did have an issue with one girl who was yelling at us, but the bouncer was cool and told them to shut up and invited us back for the next day!  It's a little local joint with big time potential. If they read this; Thanks for your hospitality and showing us Jersey Boys a good time. Oh yeah, and thanks to the girls who drove us home since the cab service in town sucks.
4	One night I was on the other side of town, a long way from home, and had an hour to kill before an appointment. I walked into The Ugly Dog Saloon because I saw it and liked the name. The parking lot was crowded, so I figured, "popular place." All of the tables were filled, and I managed to find one empty seat at the bar. They had a nice selection of beers on their taps, so I ordered one of my favorite IPAs and some buffalo wings and fries from a very pretty lady at the bar. I was shocked at how fast they came out of the kitchen. I figured I'd be waiting a long time for my food because of how crowded the place was, but in under five minutes I had a plate full of hot and crispy wings, and some exceptionally crispy fries. They were those batter coated fries, and I ate every last one of them. I tried another microbrew that I hadn't ever had before and asked for my check from a very polite, and very tall, young man working behind the bar. I was stunned at how low my bill was, but I had come during one of their wing night specials. I left an extra large tip, and decided that this was the kind of place that I'd like to come back to. The next time I visited, it was with a friend, and it was "a hockey night in Pittsburgh." The place was once again packed, and we had to stand for a little while before somebody left and we got a seat. Once again, the bartenders took care of us right away, and the food came out super quick, and the wings were delicious. I've only been to this place three times, and every time I've had a good experience. It can be a little on the loud side in there, but that's because there are lots of people in the room, and it's a large room. Maybe next time I'll try something else besides the wings, but I must say that their wings and fries are excellent, and the tap selection is great!
4	I have been to this place on more than one occasion and let me just say, each time has been great. The food & drinks are reasonably priced and if it's a game-day, there are always drink specials. I find the waitstaff are nice to you if you are nice to them. (Which is really any place you go unless they are automatic as*holes)This past Sunday I attended a comedy show they hosted, which was hilarious and quite entertaining. Of course while I was there I ordered their hot wings with ranch/celery and a couple nice cold drafts to wash it all down. So good every time! The wings aren't super "hot" (as in spicy) but just have that perfect "kick" to keep you drooling for more. I tried my friends' wings, but I can't seem to remember all the different kinds we ordered. (Besides my hot) I'll find out & update. I do have to add one *special note* that the one bartender was running all over timbuktu getting our food/drinks, while still tending to the bar. She did a wonderful job and was really nice about us ordering more wings...some time later. Ha! You may be wondering after reading this review (Thanks btw) why I didn't give it 5 stars...and that is only because this establishment allows smoking. Now, I will have one every so often so I'm not trying to be a hypocrite, however, I don't care to inhale nor smell smoke while I'm trying to eat. I found the best choice is to sit in the dining area (To the right as you walk in) where not as many smoking fellas venture.I highly recommend visiting on Sundays when it's 30 cent wings (Increments of 5 wings per your choice of wing sauce).
4	In sum, I love love LOVE this place. Think of your favorite hole in the wall bar- well my friends this is mine. The wings are solid. They are good each and every time. The service is great, the specials are mighty special, and the customer appreciate days can't get much better than the ones they provide.I've been wetting my whistle here for about 6 months now. They offer a great deal on Thursdays for .15 wing night. This special never disappoints. The beer is always cold and served quickly. The waitresses are always courtesy and remember your drink order when you return. Although, I do tip well so perhaps that is why.The customer appreciation night/Christmas party recently blew my mind. If you purchased at least one toy for toys-for-tots they would let you partake in their complimentary buffet AND FREE DRINKS FOR ONE HOUR. Yes, you read that correctly ONE WHOLE HOUR OF FREE DRINKS. I was really smitten with the spread. They served freshly baked ham, salad, cheese and cracker plate, cold cuts, dinner rolls, scalloped potatoes, brownies, cake, cookies, and ice cream cake. This place is such a diamond in the rough I debated about not writing a review about it in fear that the demand would make customer appreciation day disappear!Eat and drink here. Be forewarned smoking is allowed here so if you want to breath freely find another speak easy =) Otherwise, if you're like me and do not mind give this place a try!
3	I had to change my review recently. Much of the "staff" we have come to love has left. If your one for mixed drinks- one might choose differently. The bartenders are hit and miss. Hopefully management will get a handle on that and fix that issue soon.
3	Ugly Dog has some AMAZING wings. I will say that Hot Garlic, and Chipotle Gold are my go-to wing sauces on a Thursday night. The only times I've ever been to Ugly Dog were for their awesome Thursday Night Special on wings which are 25 cents a piece. So you can go to Ugly Dog and order as many wings as your little heart desires and get a few beers and get weird.Believe me, I live for getting weird (drunk) and eating wings, and Ugly Dog Saloon supplies that to my much needed lifestyle.
4	Great wings!
2	We (me and my girlfreind) have been going here for wings since they were 15 cents on Thursdays.  Up in till last week i had no problem with anything there, they raised the wing prices, fine, i know wings are getting expensive.  And there are a couple cheaper places to go, but i really liked them there.  But last last week was the last time i'll go there.  We sit down to order and the girl says for teh first time ever "you can only order wings in 10's now and you cant order any to-go".  I thought that's fine we usually split 3 kinds anyway. so we order 30 to split, they were very good as always. But we could only finish 25 of the 30.  So i ask the bartender if i can get a  small box for the wings i didn't finish, she say "No, no carry out". so i ask "what are you going to do with them just throw them away?"  she says "yep". So the wings i l already paid for and couldn't get in orders of 5 i had to throw away? That's ridiculous!!! I can understand if i was taking home 10 or more, but 5? give me a break!
3	Love the wings!
3	Ugly Dog has descent prices and great wings!! I would go more often if they didn't allow smoking in the bar.
3	Great wings, good prices, plenty of tables to sit down and eat that's not at the bar (unless there's a sport game on, then its impossible to sit anywhere but the bar) I ordered 6 wings and they were so good that I ordered two more orders, which is fine because they literally only took 30 seconds to be delivered :) **Wing night is THURSDAY
4	So many wing flavors! If you like wings and you like to try different flavors this is your place. There are a ton of flavors to try. Nice size bar and lots of beers on tap!
5	Great wings, awesome specials, a lively staff, cool atmosphere, trivia nights. I could probably keep going on and on but I'll spare you reading a big review. Come here.
1	I used to be a fan of this place because their wings aren't bad. I put up with the atrocious service and dingy smoke infested seating because I liked their wings. I've worked in the service industry for years and the service here is not only non existent when you need it, but they are downright out of line and racist to be honest. I walked in there on Thursday night with a (black) friend who had just moved into town, who had never been there before. After sitting there for 15 mins waiting for someone to greet us we were finally greeted by their bouncer coming over and telling us that my friend stole wings from there before and we needed to leave. Kind of hard to do for someone who had never been there before. No problem here, I spend a lot of money at these kinds of places, but I will never be back there.
3	The place is alright, it's average bar and has relatively average bar food...even at that standard.  It gets an alright happy hour crowd, or an alright place to grab a sandwich and some wings.I have a fair amount of memories when I first moved to Pittsburgh.   They used to have free chicken wings with the purchase of a drink so you could go and have wings and a few drinks cheap.   They no longer do this because I can't imagine that they made money on it.
1	Terrible place awful food worse bartenders. Gross
3	For my first experience at this place, a three is a fair rating since I am only able to review the service, atmosphere and prices. The service was pleasant and attentive considering there wasn't much of a crowd to  compete with. But, it was early in the night and it seemed to be a place to go later in the night. The only thing that left me scratching my head was that I had originally heard about the Ugly Dog from a friend raving about their food. And while we didn't order any food (see below as to why) I can't understand how a place known more for its food can still have patrons smoking inside? I generally don't mind the smell of cigarettes in an open-air setting but in a closed bar with no fan movement, it leaves the smoke lingering around my face. I considered ordering food but couldn't get past the idea of my food ending up tasting like the thick smoke of the bar. Maybe there needs to be a compromise of smoking inside after as certain time to allow for a dinner/food crowd to enjoy the food without being subject to secondhand smoke clouding their food. Overall, I will likely be returning - hopefully to  order food.
