4	The Suncoast Showroom is one of the "classic" Las Vegas showrooms with tables seating 6 or 8 people 3 or 4 on each side.  There are also a number of booths that seat 4 at the back of each Tier.The showroom is sectioned into three Tiers.  More expensive seats are in Tier I and the cheaper seats are in Tier 3.  Since the showroom seats about 500 people, there really isn't a seat that's bad.  There are some seats that are more uncomfortable.  I generally go to the box office and buy a ticket for a seat that's at the railing of a Tier 3 table.  That way, there is no one's head in front of me to inhibit my view.Seating like this can be tight as the chairs are close together, but at most shows, the people around you move the chairs and all get to be a bit more comfortable.The shows at the Suncoast tend to be entertainers who are older or who aren't as well known as some entertainers.  I have seen 23 shows in this room over the years, and while I like theatre seating better, the Suncoast is close to home and offers a good mix of entertainment from gray hairs like me.
4	We've attended several shows at this venue, the most recent being Clint Holmes at Christmas, which we've seen for the past four years. Off point, but a great show and I'm sorry to see him move to another venue next year (Smith Center). In any event, the Showroom's "intimate" enough so that almost any seat's a good one; the shows we attend we enjoy; the sound's great...really couldn't ask for more. Oh, it's generally nicely priced. I think we paid $25 a ticket for the last one. My only criticism is that I wish more people in Vegas would dress appropriately for shows: Fanny Packs shouldn't be allowed.At the end of the day, if you go to a show here, no matter where you sit, you'll see it and enjoy it, assuming you enjoy the entertainment. Norm K's review's on target with regard to seating.
3	I attended a Sunday night show (The Comedians of Chelsea Lately) and sat in the back in a booth. There was lots of confusion with seating, and the booths really aren't well marked. It wasn't a full house, and the audience demographic was older (to be expected at the Suncoast). I have to compare this venue with the South Point's showroom, since they both cater to locals and show and drink prices are similar. The Suncoast venue itself is fine, I agree that all seats are good, even in the back. Getting a drink is another story. There's no bar in the showroom (boo!) so you're at the mercy of the servers. It wasn't long after I was seated before a server came to the table, but it was a long wait for the drinks. Way long. A glass of wine is $5, so not bad. Have to give the win to the South Point Showroom for having a bar and quicker service. Oh, and the South Point's showroom tickets have a free drink coupon to be used after the show. Time for the Suncoast to take notice and match this deal!
4	I've been a fan of Ben Vereen for some time, and when his show came to the Suncoast recently I jumped at the chance, and it was the best ever.  The Suncoast showroom is classic Vegas style with table seating, but it was a perfect setting for his style of song and dance.  Only complaint was the online ticketing which tended to offer less then the best seating options.  I suggest buying tickets at the box office if you can and choose the seating you prefer.
2	This was my first visit to Suncoast Showroom and I was pretty excited because I really enjoy the Texas Tenors I knew it was a small venue so no bad seats.  Unfortunately, the air conditioning was inadequate which made it very uncomfortable and the sound system even worse. The video screens on either side of the stage were grainy.Here were three guys with great voices putting on a show that was really strip-worthy and my stereo sounds better than Suncoast Showroom (and I don't have anything high-end!)  The guys were great, belted out the tunes, lots of humor but I kind of felt sorry for them.  I could only imagine them showing up for a gig in Vegas only to be as disappointed as I was at the venue.  Still... they gave it a great shot and I would love to see them again elsewhere.
5	I've stayed here a couple of times for the Osmond brothers . I stayed here this time for them too ! As part of my bday weekend...they have decent TV channels great view and the big plus is they have a fridge :-) ...will be back again...
