4	CASH ONLY BUT HAS AN ATM ($4.00)Very unassuming. Do not take grandma here for her birthday UNLESS she is a horse riding, beer drinking, burger eating, lady. This place serves burgers... and that they do well. The burger is thick, juicy and cooked perfectly. It is served on a regular bun with pickles, onions, and a pepper. They do not have french frys only chips. It was a very good burger.
5	My grandparents introduced me to this place.  As the other reviewer said.. they do burgers... and they do them very well.  Can't say I've had a better burger.  Service is great and I've always met someone friendly when eating at the bar.
5	The burger was better this time then last. The chili dog is goodThe chili is good.The only complaint was the $2.50 for 5 slices of tomato, and I could have gone for some french frys too.
3	Simple menu. Cash only. Chili was particularly tasty. The Swiss burgers were quite good.
5	This is the pub burger you have been looking for. Nothing fancy, just a good solid burger with a ice cold beer. Be aware this is cash only, but unless you fall in you wont need much.
4	Hey, it's your basic small-town bar, just outside the city.  One plus is they have a solid selection of bottled beers, more than a typical dive.  The menu is very simple and basic, but the food is done well and very cheap.  You get your basics like burgers and grilled ham sandwiches (served on a big Coney, weird but good).  The only sides are bagged basic chips.  Service is quick but not overtly friendly, not rude either.Typical burger/sandwich with chips is only $4.50.So overall it lives up to everything a dive should do--cheap good basic food.  I'd go again.Oh, but CASH only!  No cards accepted.
2	My parents took me here when I was visiting them in AZ.  I think they love the fact that the beers are cheap...which is nice.  But, I thought the food was fair.  My burger was greasy and over-cooked.  I think the fact that they serve the burgers on paper plates is fine but the place is just DIRTY - I didn't even want to think about the kitchen.  If you go here, DONT even go in the bathrooms - they are totally gross!
3	Basic simple food, very inexpensive, but good. Great value. Bring cash, they don't take cards.
3	Not impressed by: cash only, having to pay for tomatoes (is that an Arizona thing?), bartender refusing to change TV channel from "Species" while we were trying to eat and one of our friends was kind of grossed out by it. Also, no french fries? Really? You're telling us that by charging for tomatoes it's still cheaper to pay Frito-Lay for chips than spring for a large Fry Daddy or some kind of commercial fryer?It's not a bad burger, but that's about all the place appears to have going for itself.
5	Its all about the experience, the drive itself is part of the experience.
4	So many times i have been driving to or from the lake and had a discussion with someone about how good we have heard the burgers were at wild horse west. Last year a friend and i stopped in to try it out. This place is a bait shop and bar. Dirty boot cheap beer dive bar. You can sit at the bar or on picnic tables inside possibly next to other patrons. cash only. Chips only, no frys. BUT the bugger is awesome. Thick greasy patty, melted cheese over mushrooms and thick crispy bacon (my way). One bite then you know why you came.I dont care for bars at all so this is what we do. Call ahead and be a bit patient it is a loud crowded bar sometimes. leave the family or friends with the boat and truck outside and grab every thing to go. Then its only a few minutes away from the lake. Now you can enjoy your awesomeness at the shore or on the water.It solves the problem of whats for dinner at the lake while setting up camp the first night. cheap regular hot dogs for the tikes. No more storys of good burgers.Now its time to eat good burgers.
5	A GOOD HONEST BURGER!!!  Thick, juicy and cooked to your specs. However-know what this place is.  This place AIN'T a franchise.   It is, as they would say on the TV show, a real "dive".  It's old.  It's not polished.  They have old TVs with only a few stations.   They're cash only.  They sell fishing bait up front.    The menu is VERY limited (they don't have fries or draft beer).  The patrons range from snowbirds (local vernacular for North Eastern weather refugees), to bikers, to rednecks, to young families coming in from recreation at Lake Pleasant and the local off road racing tracks.      That being said, I love this place.  It's a little bit of the old Arizona that existed before everything was homogenized and sanitized into uniformity.  The staff treats you like family.  The place is informal-just be yourself.  And they serve what is in my opinion (and many others) the best burgers in the greater Phoenix area.      Remember, we're talking hamburgers here, not Lobster Thermadore.  If you're expecting 5 stars or an Applebee's, you shouldn't come here.  If you come here, know what to expect: cold beer, good mixed drinks, a friendly, unprentious staff and the best burgers in town.
4	This place has been in business a long time, despite a location that has no other commercial business around it for miles. There's a reason for that. They offer good food in an atmosphere that will remind you're not at some chain restaurant. The owner of this facility leases the property from the state annually, so he hasn't been inclined to invest a lot of money into the building. This is why they don't have deep fryers (it would require an electrical upgrade) and it's also why they still have a dirt parking lot. Still, $6.00 for a 1/2 pound hamburger is about as cheap as any (non fast food) restaurant can get. Pros: Cheap prices. Great tasting hamburgers. Not a chain restaurantCons: location. Cash only. Limited menu
5	I have been coming here since I was a little kid going to the lake this would be our place to stop play some pool have a few drinks get some amazing burgers. The employees are nice always have a smile on. If you find yourself on this side of town maybe at the lake or at canyon race way stop in and get the Swiss burger on rye you won't regret it!
5	Hey, wanna grab a burger?  We love this place!  It's basically a no frills bar and burger joint.  Huge burgers, cold beer and great lay back people watching.  Cash only.  Two can eat for under $20.  Gets crowded when the snowbirds come back to town.
2	Heard the burgers were great here.  Well I don't see why.  Costco bun, very little seasoning to the meat but they got the temp dead on, comes with a bag of lays chips.  Many better places out there.  Bottle beer selection was ok.  Cash only no big deal.  4 burgers and chips, 2 bottles of beer and 3 cokes almost 50 out the door for a place with little overhead and zero ambiance.  Tried it once but that was all we needed.
5	Amazing burger. Fresh, juicy, huge! Perfect ending to an amazing weekend! A must place to visit.
5	Great burgers the Chilli is pretty darn good also. Local bar and grill so dont exspect much as far as decor. no frys but the burgers are worth it.
