4	This is bread heaven. This place rounds out my personal top 3 things in Scottsdale that I really miss where I live now. The Bread Basket makes fantastic fresh baked bread in all different kinds. What I loved about this place is that most of the time you could sample the bread before buying it and they'd even give you some honey to try it with. Nothing beats buying fresh loaves of bread that you can then take home for sandwiches, french toast, or just serving with dinner. I believe they also have scones and other freshly baked treats (please forgive me if I've left anything out, I haven't been in town for awhile). If you love bread, you've got to check this place out.
5	This guys make the best oatmeal cookies and scones in the valley! Very friendly people and everything tastes like home made.
4	This is a really small storefront, and I was the only one inside so the owner (i'm guessing) kind of followed me around telling me about every single loaf. Usually that's cool with me but I kind of wanted to just look around without him standing at my shoulder. The idea that the bread is so naturally and healthily (that's a word, right?) made really appeals to me, and I was super impressed to see the pumpkin loaf that I picked up was made today! Today! When have you ever bought anything made the same day, from scratch?! Fantastic. The cookies and cinnamon buns looked yummy too, and even though I really don't eat bread I really wanted a spelt rosemary foccaccia! And BB even has Unsweetened bread that is only 20 calories a slice (regular bread is about 70 -90). I went ahead and bought a small pumpkin loaf for $4 (yikes!) and tried a piece when I got home. Delicious! It is melt in your mouth fluffy and silky, very pumpkiny and ohhhhhh...just...so...gooooood. I had some soy milk with it too and oohhhhh...just...so...gooooooooooood.
3	I like this store for one reason...burek.  Burek (Serbian/Slavic dish of phyllo dough filled with minced meat) is difficult to find but oh...SO...TASTY, so I was excited to see it offered here.  It is good, but not as good as I have had in other cities.  What I really did not like was that they did not seem to care whether it was served at its best.  In other words, they offered to microwave it for me, and anyone who knows just a little bit about flaky crusts, knows that reheating in an oven is a better option.  I will visit again though.
5	My boss brought me here and bought me bread as a treat. I wasn't too hot on the idea of getting a piece of bread as a snack but once I bit into it, I wanted to curl up with the roll that I got and sleep with it for days. It slapped me in the face with deliciousness. I got this roll that was stuffed with jalapenos and cheese and baked perfectly.The guy working there was really awesome too.  I got some free samplers of this turkey and cheese-stuffed bread that was pretty bomb as well.
4	so this place now serves sandwiches on their tasty bread. and for 6 bucks, you can get a sandwich, chips, and cookie. what a freaking deal!!!they overload the sandwich with whatever meat you pick. like they pile that shit a mile high. i had to take some off cos i couldn't fit the damn thing in my mouth. i got the sunflower seed bread, which was some of the softest, most delicious bread i've ever had. TWO slices of cheese per half, and plenty of tasty chipotle sauce. i got an oatmeal raisin cookie which was huge and just soft enough.if youre looking for a cheap, delicious, and filling sandhich - check this place out. they don't have many to choose from but you can never go wrong with classic turkey or tuna.
5	The scones are amazing and they're the scones I measure all other scones against. The other day I picked up a bag of their Original granola at Sunflower and it's great too. Since I like to put half-and-half on my oatmeal I tried it on the granola and it was a tasty treat.
4	So much to choose from.I've been searching for good breakfast pasties this week and I stumbled across this place.  Walking in the door, I saw a bunch of breads (maybe that's why they call it "Bread Basket").  Not seeing pastries I was ready to leave until the man behind the counter asked what I was looking for.  He directed me to a handful of chocolate muffins, cinnamon rolls and scones.  He also showed me some huge bread things filled with cheese and spinach, which looked really good.  He then rolled out a cart filled with savory pastries like pig in a blanket, roll with spicy cheese and a turkey and provolone roll, all of which had just come out of the oven.  I ended up taking one each of he savory rolls.  These huge rolls cost me less than $8.  That's a bargain!Taking my haul to the office, I cut the rolls into segments and shared with everyone.  Everyone loved the cheese roll and the turkey/provolone.  Whatever that spicy jalapeno cheese spread thingy was that the guy included with my order was unbelievable!The Bread Basket has such a great selection at incredible prices.  I only wish I lived closer.
5	The first time I tried BB it was about 3:55 on Saturday (they close at 4). They still made me a delicious sandwich, and I bought their banana bread which was really good too. The owner even gave me two free raisin oatmeal cookies (really good too!) and did not push me out the door at all. They ran out of a lot of their popular items, which is a good thing because it means the stuff is made fresh and it's good!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place.  I LOVE bakeries and trying new ones.  I felt a little disappointed walking into this one.  I was hoping for some great ciabatta, focaccia, and maybe an asiago? and other artisan breads but it is mostly your basic white, wheat, and ryes.  Sad.  However, Bread Basket had a few other things I didn't expect that turned out to be fabulous.  The sugar cookies are the best I've ever had.  The non-fat, non-sugar blueberry muffins were AWESOME.  Step it up on the bread variety and this place would be a super bakery.
4	I feel it necessary to write a review about this place as I am a huge fan and had a very disappointing experience at another take-out restaurant in the city.  First of all, the sugar cookies here are the best I have ever had.  If I didn't care how much I weighed I would probably eat at least 1 or 2 a day.  They are delicious.  Also, their sandwich combos are amazing.  You get so much for the price and the food is fresh and delicious.  I also tend to pick up different loaves of specialty bread whenever I can make it to a Farmer's Market in the valley.  They are usually there with their amazing fare.  Check this place out for lunch and pick up a few loaves of cinnamon raisin bread to take home and have for breakfast the next morning.
5	I LOVE their granola and their nine grain bread!  I no longer live in the area and now have their granola and bread shipped to me in Southern California.  They also have the best cookies, pastries and I have enjoyed their sandwiches as well.  Everyone is very friendly and helpful as well.  I recommend this bakery highly!
5	Great sandwich today - had the veggie one - we love the granola - buy both kinds all the time - hubby likes the bread and I buy things as gifts too.  Thanks for being a good neighbor.
2	I just moved to Scottsdale from Chicago.  I miss the scones, cookies, & breads from the Great Harvest Company in Evanston, IL.....so, I search for a "similar" bakery in Scottsdale through Yelp.  Scone is so small (the size of my palm and it's quite "flat" and the icing is way too sweet.  My daughter's sugar cookies are also very sweet.  Honestly, not as good as we thought for the $6 we've spent.  O boy, it makes me miss the Great Harvest Company even more.
4	I've been obsessed with the Bread Basket granola for years now... it's soft and sweet and salty all at once and goes perfect with yogurt and fruit for breakfast!  I usually purchase it at Sunflower (which is now Sprouts), but I decided to pop my head in their actual store the other day to see what other tasty treats they have...I was pleasantly surprised that a tiny little storefront had such a variety of options to choose from (including my fave granola).  I could have literally purchased one of everything but I took it easy as I know I'll be back.  I went for a few muffins (raspberry and apple cinnamon) and of course some of the original granola that I so love.  It was hard to say no to the cookies and fresh made breads, etc... and I learned that they offer a full lunch menu full of salads, sandwiches, and soups too.Service (from a fellow named Reuf) couldn't have been more friendly.  I'll definitely be back soon and can safely say that "Yay! I'm a fan."
4	So, I was debating between a three or a four star for the Bread Basket and ultimately decided on the four star rating since it is, after all, a bread bakery/store and the bread is delicious. The man that was working was very nice and helpful. I ordered two sandwiches and some oatmeal chocolate chip cookies.Cookies were delicious! Highly recommend them. The sandwiches were good also. Nothing out of this world to make me crave it, but I would go back. We customized the sandwiches a little bit and they were made perfect. Bread is very clean and very tasty! Give it a shot!
5	I went to Bread Basket with some of my work friends for lunch today and I am BLOWN AWAY! I haven't found a good bread bakery around here- until now. First and foremost- their bread selection is AWESOME! I don't understand the reviews below that people complained there wasn't enough diversity among the bread types. They had all sorts! I plan to go back soon and get some bread. Also, their cookies, pastries, and muffins were near the cash register and looked scrumptious. I had a roast beef sandwich. It was piled high with roast beef, fresh green lettuce mix, tomato, mustard all on delicious nine-grain bread. My friend got half of my sandwich and I got the other half of hers which was the pastrami. It was equally amazing. They have a deal if you buy a sandwich you get iced tea or a pastry for 99 cents extra. I opted for both and will have my amazing looking raspberry scone for breakfast tomorrow.  It is a very small space so if you want a table inside plan accordingly and know you might have to wait. There was one man and one woman working there- they were very nice and accommodating. One of the staff members knew this was our first time into Bread Basket and gave us free sugar cookies! Let me just tell you when I bit into it- I thought I died and went into cookie heaven. It was lightly iced, moist (for a cookie), and "melted in your mouth" so to speak.  It was decadent. I will definitely be picking up sugar cookies when I come back for bread. It is so close to my work too..this could be very bad for my wallet but amazing for Bread Basket. I can't wait to take friends soon!
5	Always cheerful in the morning. Amazing muffins and coffee at a great price! Love these guys!
4	Cute little sandwich shop.  I had the roast beef sandwich with chips and an iced tea.  The sandwich had a ton of meat and tasted great on their fresh bread.
2	Well, I have seen this guy at the farmer's market and his scones are decent, but the loaf of Cinnamon Pecan Bread I purchased at the store was unimpressive. It was basically stale from the minute I opened the bag, did not toast properly and did not have that cinnamon punch a fresh bread like this needed. The price at $4.25 was reasonable, but perhaps getting things already bagged might not be a good choice. Perhaps display the bread in the case and then bag it for me. I did not know when that loaf was baked, but it wasn't same day baking after I tasted it for sure.
5	This was my first time here. It was a small joint but had a pleasant atmosphere with a friendly staff. They had wi-if which made it a great escape from the local Starbucks. I had a Black Forest ham sandwich, which was great. Most definitely coming back.
