1	Starbucks at the student union is a continuous disappointment. Their cup stock is often low, they only have Grande size. Not to mention, they don't post a sign to tell you this, so after waiting in line for 15 minutes, the cashier gladly informs you that you have wasted your valuable time.
5	Great customer service, especially from the night crew! They have never messed up on me. Great for eating healthy on campus! However, during certain times of the day it can get 25 deep. If there are at least 3 people working, the line goes by fast. If its only two...give up.
1	The worst Starbucks I have ever visited. Twice this week they were out of stuff. On Monday, December 10 I ordered a soy peppermint mocha and they were out of peppermint. On Wednesday, December 12 I decided to give them a second try. I ordered a soy peppermint mocha and this time they were out of soy milk and peppermint. I'm afraid if I try them a third time they will be out of everything and just give me a cup of water.
1	I am an avid customer at Starbucks, although this one located at the UNLV campus never fails to disappoint me. I usually order a black tea unsweetened, and almost every time they add the sweetener and have to remake it. The other day, the messed up not once, but twice.As for the ingredients, they never seem to order correctly. I have asked for a Peppermint Mocha on multiple occasions, with them being out of the Peppermint.Nothing but disappointment.
3	Look...This Starbucks is at UNLV, a commuter campus with few halfway edible options for food (not to mention the atrocity that is the library's Coffee Bean). It can get crowded in the morning, sure. But it's a freaking coffee shop.The staff here is really nice as of this semester. Previous baristas have been rude, but I like these new folks.They even draw a smiley face on your cup!
3	THERE IS ALWAYS A LINE HERE....usually.  The peak times of this Starbucks is around 11 am - 4 pm.  Try to avoid at all costs the times of: 9:45 am - 10 am, 11:15 am - 11:30, 12:45 pm - 1:00 pm, 2:15 pm - 2:30 pm, and 3:45 pm - 4:00 pm.  These are times in between classes, so it's kind of common sense to avoid the hoards of students trying to get their caffeine fix between classes.  Usually after 5 pm, most students are heading home and the line should be fairly short.  The drinks are fair, but for some reason other Starbucks always taste better and move a lot faster too.  If you are desperate and looking for a quick caffeine fix, I would recommend getting a cup of coffee at the POD in the Student Union.
2	I love Starbucks and I'm a big fan but wow. WOW. They always mess up my order, every single time and they gave me the wrong change once. My last time there, they burnt my two bagel and I nicely asked for another one and I didn't mind paying for it either. They were nice enough to make another one. But just one when I bought two. It wasn't even toasted either, it was still cold on the inside. Worst Starbucks ever. I wasn't even in the mood to ask again, I just left and angrily ate my bagel.
2	Located in the food court/student union at UNLV, this Starbucks is my least favorite location.Every time I have gone there is a line. It ranges from 5-30 people, and moves slowly.They won't redeem the free drinks and food items I have earned on my Starbucks card. I get that this location is on a campus, but it's still annoying.They've been out of ingredients on several occasions.
2	The service is always friendly however I was overcharged and she didn't realize it. I pointed it out and she still thought it was right.  She tried to explain that it was tax, which it wasn't because the base price was $4.55 instead of $4.15.  She asked me to speak to her manager so she could explain it to me.  The manager acknowledged it was wrong but said that they don't set the prices so they can't help.  Wow!!
5	Typically there is a line but it's a campus.the manager is my favorite person he doesn't take any bull. Never had a problem.
4	It's not the greatest Starbucks to ever come into existence but it was my go-to and the fact that it was an on-campus location made it better.Yes the lines are VERY long. The longest wait I had on the line was 20 minutes and an extra 10 minutes waiting for my drink. But what did you expect? People are wanting their caffeine and they don't want to walk out of campus to go to the other one. Because so many students and staff go there, there is always room for mistakes because they get so many people getting their drinks! So I don't condemn them for that.Seeing that I just finished my first year of college, this Starbucks location helped me stay awake during my classes and helped me during the days where I'm running on three hours of sleep.
3	The line moves fast in this Courtney Starbucks, the staff is relativity nice if not chatty. They remember all of there repeat faculty members, and standing in line with some of the professors is really Funny at times. But the line is crazy dinner times and they get on you if you take photos.
1	the manager is absolutely horrible, disrespectful, unprofessional, and down right nasty to many of the students and instructors!! he is not only a complete disgrace to starbucks, but he is also a very bad representation of the unlv campus!!! i will go to coffee, bean, and tealeaf from now on!!!!
1	Poor customer service they completely suck they ruin your drinks and ruin your experience of going to Starbucks.
1	They are always out of ingredients, and the line is always so long (20-30 minutes) that if you don't try to catch a worker to ask if they have the ingredient (which half of the time the answer is they do not), you will have wasted your time waiting for something they don't have. They have gotten my order wrong several times, and when you point it out, they act like it is your fault that they made it wrong.
1	BIG bummer!   Got over 3 miles away before I realized our eggnog lattes sucked.  Allllllll foam....very little eggnog.  Ripped off.  I'm a Starbucks regular (allllllll over the nation) - and these 2 lattes were sub par.  Pissed.
