3	1st to Review-How can this be? A CLASSIC McDonald's @offthestrip at Paradise Rd/Sahara Ave behind the Sahara Casino!Coolest thing about this location is their collection of McDonald's Happy Meal Toys and the 50's style look & feel.They have a 50's Chevy out front for taking photos.Unfortunately the same boring,tasteless food.
3	Out of the thousands of restaurants in Vegas, I had to pick a McDonalds...Well, its a cheap eat. Its right across the Sahara Hotel and its design is like one of those classic type McDonalds back in the 50s, just like Scott D. said below. There is nothing special about it. I had gone through the drive-thru at 11:30pm. I was a little scared since there was people playing music loud and just hanging around suspiciously. I had to wait 5-7 minutes for the lady to get back to me on the speaker. It wasn't even crowded inside.Anyways, I ordered 2 McDoubles ($1 each), 2 Hot N' Spicy ($1 each), 2 Bottle Water ($1 each), and 2 Apple Pies (2 for $1), and a Large Iced Tea ($1 each no matter of the size or type of drink). My total was $9.50.Nothing special about this place besides the classic car who probably has been waiting for service since forever. Oh well, what can you do in the city of sin?!Have Fun here and Keep Yelping!!
4	I left the Hilton late last night and I was really thirsty.  This was an easy in/out option for me from Sahara.  I did the drive through and was on my way with a Diet Coke in about 2 minutes.This is one of the remaining early style McDonald's outlets and there's a classic Chevrolet parallel to the drive through where you can take photos.Looking through the windows, I could see the interior is also the classic design.  I'll have to go back and sit inside.  Do I see a Shamrock shake in my near future?
4	Food is good as always. Cool design outside and single golden arches make this a cool spot to hit up after the club or gambling on the strip.
2	Mixed up order: forgot fries.  Crispy chicken instead of grilled.  Put mayo in sandwich when asked for it on the side.Cash only for drive through but accepted credit when dining in...
1	Grabbed quick breakfast ...service was slow and the dining room was filled with the joyful abundance of homeless and just crazy people of Las Vegas.As said before coffee was warm at best, my egg McMuffin without Sausage was cold and greasy!
1	Worst service and food I have ever experienced at McDonald's l have ever been to.Completely wrong order. Ignored at counter when trying to get corrected and even then wrong order and yet again ignored. You would think they would be sensitive on the third time retuning to get a complete order. But no. And then ignored the fourth time when asking to get access to the bathroom.
1	extremely terrible service. They couldn't get my order right the first time, like seriously how hard is it to get a couple sandwiches right!!
1	Worst McDonald's ever...tweekers "spare changing" freely, some lady threatened to beat another lady's ass, following her around yelling, dirty drink area, etc. The building looks good, as the only good point. I'll never return to this location if I can avoid it!
2	So I'm not usually one to fuss, pretty laid back so if something bothered me then well....bravo. This mcdonalds isn't in the greatest area, I can't fault the employees for that. I can expect that they get some shady characters and they sometimes you have to handle them a little bit more aggressively. Like tonight, customer causing a minor disturbance and was rude, and the girl which appeared to be a manager of some sort was behind the counter and got upset (naturally of course) she went and handled the customer. Waited for him to come out of the bathroom just waiting there while customers including myself were in line. Ok I get it, go handle the customer, go on with your bad self and handle the shituation. Yes I said shit-u-ation. I get it, go handle the stupid idiot. But when there's a line of customers waiting for service you would think you would get someone to cover you instead us waiting 5 minutes or ATLEAST a simple apology saying "I'm sorry I'll be right with you" instead she was cursing and mumbling under her breath. OH and she proceeded to follow him outside, let it go! He left! So another employee finally started taking orders only after telling me she was already clocked out! Unprofessional. Like come on handle the idiot but don't act like one. Rant over. Oh....and my fries are good.
1	I was craving a chocolate milkshake, a few days ago so this was the nearest mcdonalds that was in my travel route. I decided to go thru drive thru and full fill my cravings. I also got nuggets and fries.....now here is the worst. My fries were OLD not even recooked old they were old as in they sat there for more than an hour they tasted like yesterdays fries . Chewy, bland, rough , cold and disgusting. My nuggets were old and my milkshake gave me, the worst stomach ache. May I add the cashier or mgr shirt was filthy at the bottom . Like she was washing dishes and cleaning the grill or broiler, whatever it is they have. Then she was handling the food ......yuck! Clean your clothes ! I felt like it was run by homeless people and the manager in charge of this restaraunt is not following mcdonalds standards ..Ive had better.
1	Worst service I have ever experienced. I know what can I expect coming from a fast food but still. First at drive thru I asked for sauce and he gave them to me with no hesitation. He drops a sauce and I ask for another one, and he replies with a smart attitude "I'm suppose to charge you for these but I'm not and you still want more?" ... If I was going to be charge I would have liked for him to tell me from the beginning. I have no problem paying for sauce I'm going to use. Besides bad people skills I got my order wrong.... Not once, not twice... But 4 times. And on the 4th time It was still wrong, but I was beyond over it!
3	I try to steer clear of fast food when I can, but sometimes they just sound so delicious or they are the most convenient to have. For instance, the daughter was hungry and I was in a rush to get ready for an event and this McDonald's was across from SLS, which at the day of our visit to McDonald's was not open yet and therefore did not have functional restaurants yet. We went through the drive thru and it was easy and manageable.This is a typical McDonald's with nothing to make them more memorable than other locations (in a good or bad way). But if you are staying in the vicinity and in need of fast food, do try them. Their drive thru is also open 24 hours so they are very convenient if you need calories late at night (which happens a lot in Las Vegas, go figure!). Overall, not a bad McDonald's.
1	Fast food typically just is what it is, but this particular McDonald's was awful.The service was terrible,  the cashier had an attitude not only with me but pretty much every customer that came through her line in the 15 minutes I waited to get my food (basic big mac & fries, nothing special). She forgot to give me my drink and when I asked her for it she tried to give me the size below what I ordered. When I asked for the right size she practically insisted I take the smaller one. Then when my order was up and I asked for ketchup, she rolled her eyes and acted like I was making her go so far out of her way to reach under the counter. Then, when I went to the fountain to get my drink, there were small bugs flying all around it.Best part was when I got back and ate my food and realized that my fries were cooked in the same fryer the do the fish in. Pretty sure those are supposed to be separate. Threw those out, so ended up not needing the ketchup anyways. Definitely do yourself a favor and go to a different location.
1	This is the absolute worst McDonald's I have ever been to in my entire life! This place was filthy. Nearly every empty table was littered and in our 30 minutes there no one came to clean the dining area. Owner should be ashamed and management fired!
