5	Beautiful food!! Everything we ordered was fresh, expertly prepared. Great sauces complimenting perfectly. Even had the desserts (x2)!! So great!! Thank you! Will be back to try the teppanyaki.
2	The problem with having an Asian establishment in a non-Asian demographic is food tend to tailor away from authenticity and that holds true here.  I've definitely had better experiences elsewhere when it comes to hibachi or teppenayaki tables.  I came here with a party of eight one night for a birthday and upon entering the restaurant the place was kind of quiet.  There were some patrons having sushi but once you enter the hibachi room, there were only two or three tables of the ten or so that were being used.  When we finally sat, it took quite a bit of time for the staff to finally place our order.  We sat patiently while watching teppan cooks at the other tables entertain their guests.  Luckily we didn't go nuts and start to munch on their furniture.  Many minutes later, our teppan cook finally arrives and did his best to entertain us with various techniques and tricks.  Not that he was trying  hard to impress us, but he did what he could to keep us engaged in his activities.  I applaud his efforts.  When it comes to the food, most things we had were decent at best.  I really get picky on restaurants for their fried rice.  Here, it was definitely the worst tasting hibachi style fried rice.  The rice was extremely firm and did not offer the type of flavor you'd expect out of a restaurant-level fried rice.  I seriously could make better fried rice at home.  Most meats and seafood were cooked good but nothing too fancy or popping.  The teppan cook was pretty organized and had good portion control when distributing to everyone's plate.  Overall, I would not make a return.  The lack of authentic flavors was a turn off.  I applaud their efforts in trying to bring a hibachi experience to an area where there's really not much Asian options.  Pricing is not too terrible but I would rather spend $17 at a Chinese buffet that is a couple of lights away.
3	Just wanted to check out the restaurant in the area and stopped in for dinner. My first impression was that the decor was really nice and I was surprised at how large the restaurant actually is. There was plenty of seating, a bar, sushi bar, and another separate room for the hibachi tables. I ordered some basic rolls, spicy tuna and shrimp tempura roll. The food was okay - not bad but not spectacular, the staff was really nice, and the bill was very cheap. I wouldn't mind coming back to check out the hibachi tables.
2	I did not have a good experience here. We went on a Tuesday night, and it was not very crowded. I had called that morning and left a message, but no one called me back, so I had to call again a few hours later.When we arrived, not all of our party was there, but the host was very adamant to seat us even though we wanted to wait. We wanted to order drinks while we waited, but no one came back for a while. Then the rest of our party arrived and we ordered drinks. They took a long time to get here.Afterwards we wanted to order appetizers, but no one showed back up for over 15 minutes. We finally had to flag someone down and we were just so frustrated, we ordered dinner. We then waited for a while, and the food started cooking for a table that arrived after us. Our chef arrived and started cooking. He was nice and the fried rice was good. He messed up the order and gave me the wrong dish, so I had to give it to my husband. He then forget my friends dish, and did not get her meal cooking until the end. My husband only ordered steak while most people ordered surf and turf. He noticed that everyone else had the same portion of steak as he, but also their shrimp.All in all it was a frustrating experience and I will not be back. The food was tasty though.
3	Alrighty, so I went here for the sushi.  It's been a while since I've had some really fresh sushi in AZ.  I'm very happy with what I had here.The sushi is fresh!! I would definitely suggest anything off the menu.  We had quite a variety of things off of the menu and everything was great.  They catered to our needs as we did make many requests, substitutions, etc. I think the salmon (any rolls with salmon) were the best choice here. Sure the service needs a little tweaking, but the place has only been open like a week or two! I'm giving 5 stars for the food, maybe 4 stars for the service.  The sushi chef here is definitely an artist.  All of the rolls were very clean and neat, and artfully done.  The menu gave many rolls that did not show up in other sushi restaurants so I definitely am happy for something new and fresh.  The prices are very fair, though I didn't see any happy hour specials in terms of sushi.  No matter, I'll definitely be coming back here.  I want to try their tepanyaki as well, the prices seem unbeatable for that.  The room they had there was huge and I like the way they decorated.  Seems like a nice ambience.  Can't wait to come back.Update: Sushi is still good minus maybe the salmon skin roll (super fishy tasting).  One minus though is that when we went to the actual tepanyaki we had to wait FOREVER!! First they seated us and made us wait 10-15 minutes before just taking our drink order.  By then we said we were ready to order our food but they said no and just took our drink order.  Maybe 10 minutes later we got our drinks and had to wait yet another 15-20 minutes for a waiter to actually take our order....you can see where i'm going with this.Sure the prices are good but the wait is way too long.  I'll definitely come back for the sushi (try the crystal roll not on the menu), but tepanyaki may have to wait...a while.Also, when you walk in...it smells like sewage. It's a huge turn off and is very close to losing my business unless they fix it.
4	My first visit was good so we wanted to go back and try the Hibachi this time. We shared one steak and salmon combo hibachi. They started off with mushroom soup and a little salad. We ordered two simple rolls of salmon and yellow tail with scallions. We hoped that they would arrive before the hibachi but they arrived afterwards. So  maybe we didn't make it clear to our server that we wanted the rolls as a starter.I thought the Hibachi was good it tasted the way I exspected it to taste with some fresh ginger and mild garlic and other Asian Flavors., We both thought the salmon was prepared better than the beef because the beef was slightly overcooked but still OK. It's a nice big plate of food so you really only need to order one combo for two people and maybe supplement it with some sushi. The vegetable fried rice was tasty and they give you sauces to use with the beef and salmon. The hibachi was very similar to others I've tried at other restaurants with them giving you a few shrimps for fun. We sat at a dining table and not at the hibachi table. The salmon roll and the yellow tail scallion roll are OK and would be just OK at anyplace do to what they are. I was going to order the Angel Roll I think it was a combo of spicy tuna and regular tuna that they present in a heart shape. They do offer some different rolls I don't see all the time.I still prefer this place to all the near by chain places by the movies here  and I also prefer place to the Asian Buffet across the street. The food is fresh and good tasting, the sushi is better than from the buffet and it cost less! Service was a little slow but still OK.They are open everyday at lunchtime or dinner.
2	Service: nice but nothing too out ordinary.Atmosphere: quiet/peaceful Food: Not very special at all. Nice to look at but the flavor was lacking in all aspect. Overpriced as all hell for a small proportion that is not fufilling. To actually be satisfied with food a single proportion for one person would have to spend $40. I am a 5'1 little Asian girl so that is saying much that I feel their entrees are sized more like appetizers.
2	I wouldn't recommend this place, especially for beginner sushi-eaters. I've been to many a sushi house and the selection here is quite limited, they also don't have descriptions on most of the items, not even a side paper or menu to request.The staff were so sweet though and we didn't want to be rude and just leave so we each had a roll of sushi and holy cow! ..even the Cali rolls were expensive. You can tell when you walk in by the decor and menu that this place definitely had the "trying too hard" vibe. The two stars were purely for the sweet asian lady who took the time to tell us and show us why their green tea was unique and had a burnt popcorn aftertaste.
4	Positives - Very friendly staff, good food, fair prices, nice restaurant with a good atmosphere. Negatives - Rolls need descriptions on menu, pictures would be even better. Instrumental music plays which is fine for the atmosphere, but the music is too loud. It's not a party restaurant and the music needs to match the atmosphere. Would give 5 stars if not for these negatives.
3	They really need to fix the weird sewage smell that hits you hard in the face when you walk in.  This has happened about 80% of the time we've been there and it really destroys the experience because their crystal roll (not on the menu) is the main attraction we come for.
3	It smells like sewer when you first walk in but the rest of the restaurant smells fine. We came in for their amazing lunch prices but found out the hard way (when we got our bill) they don't have lunch prices on Sunday. I ordered the vegetables and my boyfriend ordered the chicken. Our soup and salad was good, I prefer the mushroom soup over the miso soup any day. Our hibachi guy was pretty good, I loved the Sake from a squeeze bottle, that was enough to give it 4 stars instead of 3. He did everything right including focusing on the child at the table. Besides the sake there wasn't a wow factor to this place and the smell when you walk in is enough to make you want to eat elsewhere. We might be back.
3	Ah. Disappointing. Small portions. Boring poorly seasoned Japanese chow from 1995. Same old. Will not return.
1	Went today to try this place for the first time. Had a groupon. 12:15p, lunch time and the doors were locked, lights off. As we left, another couple were there to use their groupon and also were disappointed finding locked doors. Lunch time on a Thursday your closed? I am wondering if they closed down after selling a bunch of groupons that they wont have to honor??? So, if you are wanting to eat here, better call first!
3	We have gone twice specifically for their teppanyaki, although on our last visit we were a little disappointed. This is the fifth different restaurant we have tried, so we are starting to get a feel for teppanyaki. I thought it compared relatively poor to the others, although we have been very pleased with most of our experiences. Even though it wasn't our favorite place I still enjoyed the food. Of course I didn't think that the food was as good as we have had at a place like Benihana, but it was not too far behind. What really made this place worse than the others though was the service. Pay attention to that, because most Japanese restaurants have truly exceptional service. This was the first place we have visited yet to defy Japanese standards. On the second visit in particular we had a reservation, but ended up waiting 50 minutes for our chef after we had been seated, and it wasn't that busy. It was very peculiar as I can't recall ever waiting much longer after the appetizers have been served during any other teppanyaki experience. We also had issues getting refills. At other Japanese restaurants waiters often bring you more refills than you even need, which really makes the customer feel appreciated. Our waitress here was missing in action quite often when we needed her. I will still give it a slightly above average rating for the good food, but please beware that the service here is not what you usually see from a Japanese restaurant. If that kind of thing doesn't bother you and you are just looking for some good food than Ooka Hibachi can probably meet your needs. As for me I don't think I will be returning. I'd rather drive the extra miles to Benihana than come back here.
4	Oops ... Wrote this review, but just drove up and they are closed. Disappointing. We've been a few times, there is minimal wait, and the chefs are very entertaining.  Quality and quantity of the meal is great.
