5	Laura was my wax technician and she was great. I had my baby with me in the room and it did not phase Laura one bit. Laura was friendly to me and my daughter and completely professional the entire time despite my little one walking around and causing a mess.  Laura comes to this location from another wax salon so she has experience. European Wax Center has this wax that when applies it hardens so there is no need for strips. I wasn't use to this method and it definitely takes longer than the wax strip method. I recommend asking how long your appointment will take when you first call to make an appointment.  The receptionists are super nice and friendly! Don't be more than 9 mins late or else they can't do your entire service. At least that's what I was told when I walked in 10 mins late but luckily they fit all of my services I to their schedule.The rooms are super clean, the table has a paper sheet (like doctor's office) and they do a great professional job. Lastly, they have packages you can purchase so save you some dough!!
1	Want the absolute worst waxing experience ever? Go here. Seriously, I've NEVER had an experience like the one I had a few weeks ago.I went in on a Sunday morning and from the very first moment was barraged with three different people trying to get me to 1) realize I need to wax every three weeks or else and 2) should be signing up for a waxing package immediately. So I was already pretty turned off before I even got in the waxing room.But then the real "fun" started. I had a girl who was so unprofessional, I was surprised she was even hired. She kept complaining about her hands sweating in her gloves, and wondered why that was happening. She also couldn't rip the wax strips off and kept talking about how she didn't know how to rip them properly. (Which didn't make me feel great as I was worried she would hurt me.) She had no idea how to even spread the wax on properly, so then I was scared it would be left on and burning me.She took OVER AN HOUR to do a bikini wax. I've had a lot of waxes in the past, and they've never lasted more than 30 minutes. NEVER. Now, to be fair, they were in their final stages of opening and were still training their associates. But this was ONE DAY before they opened. Wouldn't that person have needed to go through more extensive training if they were going to be open for business the very next day? Not really instilling confidence from me in this establishment's ability to please customers.I will definitely not be returning here. I have never been so angry or turned off upon leaving an appointment.
4	Laura was my wax technician and she was fabulous.  Today was my second time coming to this location and I wasn't that impressed with my technician on the first day-she seemed a little amateur. However, I bought a package and so I was obligated to go back a second time. Laura was my technician the second time around and she was FANTASTIC. My Brazilian barely hurt at all, and she was very professional and easy to talk to. She also let me know of upcoming specials. Go see Laura.
