5	Ah, the old adage, "if you see a [insert ethnic minority] eating in a [same ethnic minority] restaurant, then you KNOW it must be good."While this is true, and especially in the case of Vaqueros, this burrito joint is the type of place that can dissolve racial discrimination and bring all the colors of the planet together under one orange and yellow striped world, where the rivers flow with beans and cheese, the mountains are  heaps of carne asada, the trees harvested as flautas, and the raindrops on your tongue taste like freshly made red salsa.Seriously.  Their asada burritos are filled with insanely large portions of meat and guac.  Their rolled tacos have a heap of cheese and guac and their red sauce is perfect for dipping.  I've even had their breakfast burritos which are PACKED with eggs, bacon, and cheese.  If they could put it in a can, it could be packaged as a hangover cure and possibly the antidote for bird flu.I also dig on their churros, which are not made in-house, but dammit, they are delicious anyway.  I usually get the strawberry-filled and afterwards I feel like i have violated the Geneva Convention for war crimes against my body.Oh, they also mention on their signage that they are open 24 horas, but I'll never know because I'd never jaunt down here to this part of hood armed with only a lengua burrito.
4	My husband and I tried this place for lunch the other day and were really impressed. The portions were humongous, and the prices were very reasonable given the portion size (and quality!). You know, sort of like Applebee's current "right portion, right price" promotion, except that at Vaqueros, the portions make you feel like you're getting a lot of real value for your money. The decor is no-frills, but the woman working at the register was super-friendly, and the free salsa bar with pickled carrots and chips was a great way to start our lunch. I had the carnitas (~$7.50) and my husband had the burro/enchilada combo plate ($6.50). The carnitas weren't as savory as the ones I've had elsewhere (Los Dos Molinos is a good example), but they were seasoned well and came with some of the best rice and beans I've ever had. My husband's seasoned beef (in the burro) was also not intensely fllavorful but was still decent. His enchilada was a real standout; the sauce had just the right amount of chile flavor and spice and the cheese was perfectly gooey - not soggy, not congealed. We wished we had forgone things with meat and just ordered 6 cheese enchiladas as our meal! Overall, though, we were definitely impressed with the food and would definitely return. Just as an FYI - they do take credit cards but charge a transaction fee ($.50) so you might want to just bring cash. Oh, and I almost forgot to mention - they have a drive-thru!
4	Vaqueros started off as a late night recommendation for a good breakfast burrito; I had been craving a burrito all day and through the night. Well, when the morning came we went along to Vaquero's as suggested. As soon as I saw the place, I knew that I was going to be in for a treat. I love myself a little dive and Vaquero's is just that. Quantities are large and prices are small, very small.I took on their breakfast burrito and added carne asada to it. It was one of the biggest burritos that I have ever encountered, but I wasn't discouraged, just hungry. Bite by bite I introduced that flour tortilla wrapped masterpiece to my taste buds until it all rested together happily in my stomach. I was full...really full. I was also extremely ecstatic for getting exactly what I was craving.Vaqueros is definitely one of the better Mexican places that I've been to in Phoenix. There are so many that it is hard to choose sometimes, but if I'm around South Phoenix and I'm craving some cheap Mexican food, I'll probably be heading over to this place.
4	Be aware that when you order their signature Carne Asada Fries, you should be VERY hungry. Even though it's really good - lots of well-seasoned meat, guacamole, sour cream and shredded cheese on top of a generous serving of fries - you will probably  not be able to finish it. The serving is that humongous; it can feed three people. This small eatery offers lots of combinations and items at low prices. Definitely no fancy atmosphere, but lots of choices and generous servings of good food at low prices make this place a winner,
3	Their burritos are HUGE!! Almost the size of my forearm! But bigger is not always better. It's slightly above all the -bertos places but I've definitely had better. The carne asada just didn't do it for me. I like my asada with nice grilled marks and I didn't find that here. Also, their salsas were boring; it was watered down and no substance. I've tried some of the Chorizo here before and that was pretty good. And I've heard the menudo was excellent, but I'm not a fan of menudo so that doesn't suffice.From what I've read it looks like the Carne Asada fries are the business, which I might give a try the next time I roll through the drive-thru.
4	Carne asada fries are better than filli b's.
4	Norm R. and I just had ourselves a mini UYE and He suggested we share an order of the Carne Asada Fries. We both ate till full. For $6.50 =)  I cleaned the plate.. Thanks Norm R. for turning me on to this place! This was a Mexican / American hybrid something like Chili Cheese Fries I have had at one of my favorite greasy American burger joints.... Only Waaaaaaaay way way . . Better!!!
5	Lunch is served! Very nice place to pick up fast mexican food
5	I heard about this place from one of my co-workers. I told him I wanted to try authentic Mexican food for the 1st time since moving down South and he told me this place is it.From first glance, it looks like a hole in the wall with a drive-thru window. They got a decent size menu and it took me some time to order. I eventually decided to go with the California Burrito. Best decision I ever made on food...The thing was HUGE...Stacked with Carne Asada and French Fries...I could only finish half of it and had the rest the next day.Best Burrito you'll ever try. No more going to Chipotle or any of those types of "mexican" food.I'll definitely be coming back
4	The value for the money is worth the visit, its cheap, really cheap compared to the sheer amount of food you get in their burritos, but its some greasy food, u best be in the mood for it, it leaks from the bottom by the hand full, buuuuut some people actually like that, like me!
4	I think their name should be Vaqueros Grande Burritos  As our burritos were HUGE. We stopped in after a hike, inside is reasonably nice all things considered. There is a free chips and salsa bar allays a huge plus and a decent menu. I went for a $4.35 vegetarian burrito, it was a mix of just about every non meat ingredients  a place like this has, cheese, lettuce guacamole sour cream etc. It was a bit messy to eat and the sour cream made it quite rich.  The salsa/ hot sauce here is great smooth and quite spicy.Stop in grab a burrito and be full.
4	Delicious carne asada! Lost a star because the tables outside are in terrible condition and the music was way too loud to consider eating inside.
1	While I was eating, a coach roach ran across my table!  I immediately stopped eating and threw it in the trash and left disgusted.
5	Favorite mexican in town, best value too. 12 rolled tacos piled high for $6. Best Chili Relleno burritos! Muy bueno
3	I can't high rate the restaurant. Why.  All I get are carne asada fries. Don't get me wrong they are good but not five star good.  What equals out the the rating is the portion you are given. It is really enough for 2-3 people for 7.50!  Damn good price to me. Drive thru service is quick.  Downside is you can't see the inside of the joint, so this may be an off review but take as you may.  Hands down though you will want to order some carne asada fries.
5	My kids LOVE this place. The burritos and servings are HUGE! My kiddies love the super nachos, rolled tacos and the carne asada fries. 3 of us can all share one meal, lol sometimes. Dont think your gonna be able to eat a burrito solo. I tried it once with a breakfast burrito and didnt even make it half way before the "itis" had me falling asleep at work! Never again, lol.
2	I normally get my breakfast burrito from Salsitas on Central, but decided to give this place a shot as I've read some fantastic reviews... Unfortunately, their ham, cheese, and egg burrito left much to be desired. I love drenching my burrito in salsa and their salsa had little flavor, taste, or spice. The burrito was large, but 90% of it was ham with little egg or cheese.. and about halfway through I bit into an eggshell. Save yourself a $1 and drive a mile down the road for better taste all-around if you're looking for a bomb breakfast burrito.
1	Stopped there for lunch today and ordered a carne asada burrito and it was DISGUSTING. I took one bite and had to immediately spit it out.  The meat in the burrito had gone bad. I don't mean that it simply didn't taste good, I mean that the meat was SPOILED.  I am not a picky person and don't complain when the food isn't good, I just  don't go back, but I decided to tell the cashier.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing when she told me "And what do you want me to do about it?" WiTH A ATTITUDE.  I asked her to take it to the cook and he gave me attitude, as if it were my fault they served food that was spoiled.  Needless to say I am never going back and would definitely  not recommend this place.  I gave it one star because the app does not allow you to post your comment without a rating.
2	Tried this place out and the food was ok, what concerned me was the cleanliness of the kitchen. The floor was really dirty, under the burners or stove seemed to have months of grease buildup etc. 50c extra to use debit or credit card btw.
2	I totally disagree Vaqueros is better than Federico's.  The food at Vaqueros is insipid flat and greasy.
4	This place looks horrible from the outside however once the food is in your mouth you forget all about the appearance. The breakfast burritos are heavy as newborn infants and are the perfect end to a night of heavy drinking.
3	4 out of 10 times they got our order right, but it's still not bad. Love the breakfast and the chicken cheese and rice burritos
4	Foods quality is good the atmosphere is not that we'll appreciated. :)1 advice. = drive through then eat it at home.
4	It's been quite some time since I've been here given the fact I no longer live down the street from this joint.  I've been coming here even before it was Vaqueros so I know they've been doing something right to stick around this long.  The old days of Vaqueros featured cheaper eats with monster size portions.  So when pulling up and seeing that the prices have gone up a bit I was disappointed only to wonder if their portion size went in the opposite direction like most Mexican fast food joints (I.E filibertos).  I ordered the usual of Super Nachos and a California Burro.  I brought it home to my dad and daughter.  I opened the bag up and what do you know, a big monster burro sat there along with a tray of Super Nachos packed to the top! I was once again reminded why I come here when in need for a good Mexican fix! Yes, the prices have gone up but what hasn't these days.  I will say this, if you are the owner of this joint I highly recommend doing some remodeling of the property.  This place looks even worse than before and I can see many potential customers deciding not to pull in based on looks.  Clean this place up and your business will thrive even more. Otherwise, eat up people! It's worth the price of admission! 5 stars for food, -1 for appearance.
1	The cashier don't understand you and the order was messed up. Plus they forgot my sour cream and when the cook was dipping it that all looked at me smiling like he put something in it. Never again will I eat there.   Will be reporting this.
2	Nothing special.   The fish tacos are ok, while the pork carnitas is greasy and not good.  The chips are unremarkable.  The food just didn't taste fresh. I see no reason to return.
1	The drive thru is supper Dirty and the ppl there are Rude ! They don't even say thanxs or a smile . There are also tons of flys there !!!
