3	I was initially really happy with Massage Envy. They had a great massage therapist who took the time to talk to me about my scoliosis and explain everything but then...something changed. Now the girls at the front desk are kind of snotty, I mentioned I wanted someone similar to my old guy and I could hear the change in her tone of voice. The business itself is nice, friendly if you're a new customer, but I just get a bad vibe from them now. I'll be happy when my subscription runs out.
5	i have some muscle spasms that i use to go to physical therapy for.. and when I'm really stressed i can feel the knots forming.. its horrible... well i started here not to long ago.. and I've had a different person each time... the therapist are very well trained and know what they are doing.. which is a breath of fresh air!! the rooms are so clean and relaxing with nice calming music... all the personnel are very calm, helpful and respectful to all of your needs :) they have this ''Relaxation Room" that you wait for you massage in.... and it has comfy couches and dim lighting.. and the relaxation music... i love it! when they take you back, they ask you what sort of massage your looking for, relaxation, deep tissue, Swedish or if you have any special issues.. like injuries and such... that way you get a custom massage each time you go! and its always amazing!!! after your massage they leave the room to allow you to dress and are waiting in the main hall for you with a fresh cup of water! :) and then they walk you out :) its charming! the bathroom is fully equipped with mouth wash, lotion, hand sanitizer... and so on... :) over all i love this place... going for a two hour massage soon... ill be sure to do another review :)
5	Ah... a one hour massage is amazing... but a TWO hour massage is only allowed in heaven!the short little lady with the soft voice has some STRONG hands... worked out every knot in my whole body!! and it was amazing.. i was relaxed the whole next day as well :) this was the perfect remedy after a very long work week :)all of the employees are so nice and professional... i feel soo comfortable and relaxed there... its my favorite get away :)everyone should get one once a month... :) doctors orders!
4	Love this place!!!  I have paid a lot more for massages that were not nearly as good!! My girl, Lala gives and amazing massage..especially if you like deep tissue..they are truly heavenly.  I come into this location monthly and my only con is the front girls ALWAYS trying to pressure me into buying a membership.  I'm here every month..if I want one, I know how to get it...Until then, my answer has always been and will probably always be, NO.....Besides that...I love it here!
2	This was my first time at massage envy.  I came here for an arm injury since I wasn't able to see my amazing chiropractor in California.  I went with specific instructions from my chiro on the type of massage and specific areas the masseuse to work on.I choose massage envy because its a chain so I figured it would be professional establishment.  Translation, not a sketchy massage parlor.  The introductory price was another bonus.  You could tell the masseuse was fairly inexperienced.  The massage was pretty generic.  I probably wouldn't return.Be prepared for the member spew when trying to pay for the ONE visit.
4	Great place, Recommend to anyone
4	My friend wanted to come get massages before finals so we came here. For some reason I haven't had a real massage before, and I definitely regret not getting one sooner. Kyle was the masseuse I was given. He was fabulous. Not only was he really nice to look at (I had to say it) but he was professional and knew what he was doing/talking about. I never felt uncomfortable with him once.As others have said, they are a bit pushy about getting you to sign up for the year membership. For ASU students its $44 a month and you get an hour massage a month as well as other perks. I caved and just did it because I believe it will be really good for my body and for the frequent headaches and migraines I get. Plus school is going to get really stressful and I'm pretty sure I'm going to need it.Ask for Kyle. You won't regret it.
4	I received 2 Massage Envy gift cards last year, but had not used them yet. So when my shoulder pain flared up, and I couldn't get in to see my chiropractor, I decided to cash in the gift cards and get a massage...which turned into using the gift cards towards a 6 month membership. Dennis has been my therapist since the beginning. Whether I'm getting a regular massage or a sports massage (for the shoulder), the next day I am usually in little to no pain. My membership is up for renewal next month, and I'm pretty sure I'm probably going to buy another one. Everyone should treat themselves to a massage a month.
2	I received a facial for a birthday gift and I loved the woman, Ebony, who provided this service.  I would recommend her to anyone.My issue was with the odd juxtaposition of the relaxation/day spa branding with uptight corporate energy.  On the hour, the clients file in and out like clockwork.  Which I can appreciate, being a service person myself.  But the sales pitch at the end was such a buzzkill.  As much as I loved Ebony I likely would never return on my own because there's no point in going to de-stress if you're going to be stressed out by the person at the front desk, negating the effect of the entire service you just purchased.I'm also still trying to figure out why a place that is supposed to be nurturing self-care and relaxation was selling Red Bull to its customers in the waiting area. :)If you're going to make self-care and nurturing your product, it has to be woven through the entire business model, not just be the premise.  If I want hard sell, I can go to my gym or join a direct marketing supplement scam.  If I go to a day spa, relaxation is my goal.  Please let that be my service.
1	Worst massage EVER! They were 5 minutes late and had me leave 5 minutes early(Sounds like less than an hour). Then I asked for a deep tissue massage and they gave me a little dainty chick that couldn't squash a grape in a fruit fight! And then when it's all done you get to head back to the lobby and get the biggest sales pitch of your life. NEWS FLASH... You can get $40 massage's all day on groupon. There are better places you just have to look.
5	I've been to this location three times now and can't say enough good things about it. Like someone else said, I've spent a lot more on massages that weren't nearly as good.Both of my masseuses have been excellent. I like very light pressure and tend to get therapists who think they're using light pressure but they still want to "work" you over. If I feel pain during a massage, I'm not going to be relaxed! However, both of them were great and really listened to what I wanted. The only reason I didn't stay with the first one is because she doesn't do 2 hr massages, which I really wanted for the next visit. I would stay with the second one, except for the situation noted below.On my last visit. I showed up all ready for my two hour massage, only to find that my masseuse Brooke doesn't do prenatal massage (I'm 5 wks). Rather than continue, she stopped the appointment before we started and explained why they handle prenatal the way they do. She didn't make me feel bad for not calling ahead and asking, and even apologized because she didn't do this kind of massage. Now she was out a two-hour appointment and tip because of it. I will miss her and highly recommend her.The front desk tried to reschedule me for another therapist later in the week, but it would have meant changing estheticians for my facial, which I didn't want to do. I decided to come back the same day for my scheduled facial, but before I left, a therapist who does do prenatal came to talk to me. She had an opening right then, but wanted to tell me more about the massage and what kinds of things I should consider first. I decided not to do it because I wanted to talk to my dr first (ME actually recommended no massages until at least the 2nd trimester). I will definitely ask for her when I can schedule my next appointment though. Anyway, I honestly felt like they cared about me as a recurring client and were looking out for my best interests.I've had the same esthetician Cynthia all three times and she's fantastic. I enjoy talking with her throughout and she's very thorough. My skin always feels great afterwards and I think the treatments have helped a lot with various skin problems I have. She also gives a very nice scalp, arm, and hand massage during the facial. I like that if you're getting a massage and facial together, you can actually stay in the same room/bed - no need to get up, get dressed, and traipse to another location.The last thing to note was that when I signed up for the membership in Feb, I got a free one-hour massage coupon. I forgot to bring it to my March appointment, but the front desk said just to bring it to my next visit. When I dug out the coupon, I found it expired on 3/31. ME was still willing to take it though and applied it to my facial.Regarding the sales pitch: On my first visit, I was determined not to sign up for the membership (kind of like visiting a new gym or sitting in on a timeshare presentation!), but knowing I would go at least monthly, the prices were worth it. I've also purchased a few products based on their recommendations, which have been pretty good, although a little expensive (an eye cream for about $70). Just be prepared and ask questions before you pay.Also their quiet room is very small and not so quiet when it's busy and people are talking. Fortunately I don't spend much time in there and once you're in the room, you can't hear any outside noise.Happy to continue vistiing this place, especially since it's less than a mile from my house!
5	I had a great experience with Massage Envy. My boyfriend made an appointment for us to get a 30 minute couples massage because we had gotten some gift cards from a Yelp event :). The whole experience from beginning to end was relaxing and amazing. First we were taken back to a relaxation room, which is a glorified waiting area where they played relaxing music and had nice aromas. I just about sank into those comfy couches! Next they brought us into a room with two massage tables and gave us time and privacy to get undressed/get on the table. The music was so relaxing and the masseuse was awesome (I think her name was Amy). She made sure to check if the strength of the massage was too intense periodically. I definitely want to take the bf back for a full hour some time soon. I Recommend!
4	I've been getting monthly massages at this location since December 2010. I really love this Massage Envy, mostly because my masseuse, Jeni (or Jeni-Lynne) is amazing! I always leave feeling so relaxed and my back and neck feel like heaven. Highly recommend her. The rest of the staff is incredibly friendly and nice.
5	I'm a regular, the best thing I have done for my $49/month.
5	Great service at the front desk and amazing massage from Benji. I get a lot of massages and do not live in the area. I was apprehensive to go in blind although I was very impressed. Great for deep tissue and great all around guy.
3	I want to love Massage Envy. And in fact, considering I've been a member for at least 4 years now, you'd think I definitely love this place.  But I don't. Well, actually this location, facilities and people are a-ok. It's the silly guidelines set by corporate that are apparently forcibly followed by this and every other location that just drive me mad.  For example, my most recent membership was initiated from a location in DC. So because of that I will forever be a DC member despite no longer living there. So I get no reminder calls, no appointment reminder calls, and cannot get my billing corrected without calling DC. And I know I'm not the only one with the perpetual annoyance of having to deal with 2 offices on separate sides of the country for billing. I've heard at least 3 others at the counter talking to practically a wall in trying to get their account properly transferred (here's a tip-I've tried 3 times and I've finally accepted that it will never, ever, ever happen). My regular masseuse is absolutely ahhhhhhhhhhhhh-mazing and worth waiting for, even though she has hours that are entirely incompatible with my work schedule. Love her!!!
4	Great location and everyone is super friendly. Jenilynn is an amazing masseuse so ask for her.  I always look forward to seeing her each month and my neck and back feel like heaven when she is done.
5	Freddy is the BEST massage therapist! He worked out a knot I had in the middle of my shoulder blade and the rest I didn't notice until they were all gone!!! They have me as a member now!! ;)
2	I've been to a couple Massage Envy locations and have never been satisfied. I wanted to like this one because of the good reviews and it was recommended to me, but I just didn't. I have a massage place i am very satisfied with, but Massage Envy was running a pretty decent Valentine's Day special.  There were two of us, and both of us said ... The massage therapist was nice, but the massages were mediocre. Why ask where to focus if you're just going to brush over the areas? Also, the hour massage includes 10 minutes for changing, so don't expect a full hour. Maybe I've become spoiled by another place, but I was disappointed with the comfort of the beds (sheets not soft at all, no arm rests, and no heated beds!). I was cold the entire hour and each time new lotion was applied, it was freezing and I got goose bumps all over again. Unless you are a member, expect to pay $78 plus a tip for an hour massage. For $20 less, I'll stick with a much cozier and more effective massage place. Thanks anyway. Two stars are given because compared to other Massage Envy locations, the rooms were quiet. For once, I couldn't hear people walking, talking, and doors closing the whole hour.
1	I can't give you a review about their massages or facials, but that is only because we did not even get a chance to get there. My cousin and I booked facials for our girls day a week ahead of time. Both of our facials were booked for 8:00 am and we were told to check in at 7:45 so we could fill out paper work because it was our first time at Massage Envy. Well this particular massage envy is about 50  miles away from Maricopa (where we were coming from) and 10 minutes before we were supposed to be there, a girl calls us canceling our appointments because their Estheticians were going to be late. The girl offered to reschedule and we explained that we already had to drive her kids to a babysitter and that this place is far from where she lives. We even offered to wait til the Estheticians got in. We were denied this option and she kept offering us two separate appointments later in the day. Unfortunately, our lives do not revolve around Massage Envy's convenience so we canceled. We did not appreciate being made to feel like a burden to their schedule. The girl was rude over the phone and was not putting any effort in fixing their mess. We are willing to try to visit a different Massage Envy but there is no way we will be going back to a place with such bad customer service!
5	My therapist Ethan, was fantastic! It was my first massage so he took his time to make me feel comfortable and relaxed. I will definitely be coming back.
5	My friends bought me a prenatal massage gift card for Massage Envy, so I booked 90 minutes with Debbie recently. First, a 90-minute massage is ridiculously awesome, and I felt lucky to have the extra cash. Second, Debbie is fantastic.She explained what she would do and encouraged my feedback, made me comfortable with a body pillow and comfy blankets, and was really attentive. But really, what's important is that Debbie is great at finding and releasing tension in the neck, back, arms, and legs. She did an amazing job. I felt better at the end of that treatment than I had in the previous 4 months of pregnancy. (Of course, anything feels better than the first trimester, but I didn't realize how badly I needed some TLC.)I'll definitely go back to this shop and plan to request her again. I didn't expect a national chain to be so good, and I was pleasantly surprised.
5	Great massage envy location. I had an excellent massage there with Ashley I believe was her name. The place is also very clean and the front desk is amply staffed to accommodate guests. Glad I was able to stop in on my visit to Tempe.
5	My billing issue has been fixed. I've had minor issues with gift cards being applied, but they resolved them once I pressed.I've been a regular for awhile now and they recognize me by name. Only drawback now is I wish they offered specials and that my regular masseuse had more hours!
5	This was my best Massage Envy experience yet. We went for a couples massage and had the most wonderful masseuses! Danielle and Bob were attentive to our requests and knew exactly what we needed.  Wonderful massage! I have has poor customer service at other Massage Envy locations in the past, but these people were lovely.
5	Everyone I have dealt with here has been excellent. From the front desk, to the massage therapists. I have had a membership for almost 12 years now and I have not been disappointed. The pricing is extremely reasonable especially if you are a member. I normally go with a deeper massage but tried the hot stone once and if was super relaxing. Glad I joined. I would recommend this location to anyone.
5	Awesome massage and facial by LoriAnn! I loved that she was able to do both services and I didn't have to switch to another technician. The spa itself is very serene and inviting.  The employees seem happy to work there and are very helpful. The massage was great and relieved a lot of tension in my back and the facial was outstanding!
5	Am giving this location a 5 because my regular therapist is awesome. Chris is the absolute best for deep tissue. Not many therapists understand or can really offer deep tissue for those of us who like that kind of torture. The massage is so theraputic I've been coming monthly for two hour sessions for the last year and a half.
5	Danielle was my therapist and she was AMAZING!  I am a male, workout and an always doing some extracurricular activities (hiking, biking, swimming, golf, etc).  I signed up to be a member in January 2014 while on a work related trip in Massachusetts.  Since then I have been reluctant to make an appointment because I could not find a therapist that not only listened, but was capable of performing the tasks I was requesting.  My back was killing me over the weekend so I finally just went with it and made an appointment with Danielle (8AM Sunday morning).  She was awesome, really awesome.  Soft hands, soft voice, but can definitely dig some elbows in when needed.  I now have a location and therapist that I am happy with and will begin to schedule my monthly massages finally.  Thanks again Danielle!!
5	Greta is amazing for facials: Great results, relaxing session and it's clear Greta truly cares for her clients. Because of Greta's exceptional work, I've referred people to this location.
5	Review update - I left my first review on yelp for this location after I had Danielle as my therapist, who was very good.  But I must update my review because I just went back to this location, Danielle was all booked up so I decided to try Brittney - even better!  She was very, very good.  This was a 90 minute massage.  She listened, created a 90 min massage based on my needs and comments and everything I said she did.  Good communicator - not too much, but asks questions throughout in regards to pressure, location, etc.  Go see Brittney it's worth it.
5	I initially went there for massages.  On a whim I decided to try a facial out with their aesthetician Nora and that was a fantastic experience!  I never knew thought that something so simple would make people notice a change.  Girls compliment me all the time on my skin now.  I highly recommend Nora.  She was very professional and really knows her stuff.
1	To say that my massage was horrible would be an understatement, it was the worst massage i have ever received. When i booked my appointment over the phone, i told the receptionist that i had a lot of tension in my back and neck from spending a lot of time at my desk on the computer. She assured me that the massage therapist she scheduled me with was "known to work out knots and access pressure points".. LIES. Although my massage therapist was very friendly and polite, he seemed to have absolutely no idea what he was doing. The first 15 minutes of my massage he literally just touched my back in different areas (with no oil on his hands) and there was no "massaging" going on or applying pressure or anything, i only felt his clammy hands (disgusting). Once the massage started, He asked me several times throughout the massage how the pressure was, even though i told him it was WAY too soft and for him to apply more pressure, nothing changed. Then when i flipped over he did the same weird touching technique to my neck and shoulders that he did to my back He literally just held his hand on the base of my neck for 5 minutes without doing anything.  No pressure, stretching, massaging, NOTHING was going on. It was like he thought his magical powers would relieve the tension in my muscles instead of him having to massage or apply pressure..  Overall my experience was horribly awkward and i did not leave feeling relaxed. If anything i was more stressed out and irritated due to the fact that i had to pay $60 for a massage that i didn't even feel like i received. This was my first time at this location, but i will never go back because i don't want to risk getting another massage therapist that has no idea what their doing.
5	Amber was amazing! Such a caring massage therapist. Very strong and deep. I love Massage Envy for their professionalism and care for their clients. I felt as if I was signing into a Doctors office. Everyone was so friendly and smiley. Not a fake person in this building and Im visiting from Los Angeles, there's a lot of fake there.
5	Decided to get a membership after a year of contemplation because my skin is just parched and I needed an esthetician bad. The front desk people are the sweetest ! So nice and accommodating.  Don't have anything bad to say since everything went well.  I did read some negative reviews about bad massages and such, some advice, always speak up to your massage therapist or estetician.. if you are going to hold in something you dont like during the entire session of course you are going to hate it, they are not mind readers.  Another thing to consider is that a good massage therapist/estetician is something that's "in the eye of the beholder".  I learned this from previous experiences... had some massages that were just terrible, felt tickled the entire time, and no relaxation.. had others that were just heavenly and relaxing.  I realized every massage therapists technique is different, so you kind of have to "shop" around for one that meets your liking before you make your decision on the entire place itself.  Once you find a good one stick with them! You can't always expect a perfect massage the first time but sometimes you do get lucky!
3	I got a gift card for my birthday to get a facial here and was surprisingly happy with my experience. I am not one for corporate chains to get massages and facials and prefer a salon experience. However, the facial was actually very relaxing and I was happy with the results afterwards. The only complaint I have is that they try and force you to buy their products and become a member. They were very persistent and even put a bunch of products inside a basket and brought them up to the counter when I was checking out. Not once did I ask for recommendations or suggest I had any interest in the products. I felt uncomfortable telling them multiple times that I was just there for the facial because of a gift card. I would not become a member but it was a decent place to get a facial and they have appointments open all the time.
3	This front desk was way too small for the volume of people that were coming in and out on a Thursday afternoon. I couldn't imagine it on a weekend or evening. The facility was clean and very relaxing once you got into the waiting area.
1	Today, I planned a relaxing day for my best friend and I. Made 2 appointments for facials and we were super excited, as this is my bf first time. Came in and was told they could only take one of us.  Never was I contacted and was told this. I did receive a phone call yesterday to confirm my appointment, but that's it This was mine and my friend first time trying Massage Envy. Never will I go back. Wasted my time, and now it's too late to book anywhere else. I wouldn't recommend booking here if you are really looking to relax, because you'll just leave disappointed.
5	JJ is probably the sweetest and one of the best at this location! I am going to miss her once I move to Florida. I got a massage as a birthday gift back in January and decided to get a membership after my wonderful experience. A few months later, I got in a bad car accident where I was hit at a stop light and my car was totaled. The accident really messed up my back and she has been working on it ever since. I work two retail jobs that are very physically demanding so my back never had proper time to heal. JJ has been amazing in making my back pain go away and just providing a relaxing atmosphere. I highly recommend this location!
2	My therapist Geriann was amazing!  Perfect pressure where needed very professional and attentive to my needs. I felt like I was on a cloud of air when she was done with our session. I felt so relieved of stress and anxiety, I had no doubt I would want to return, and often!    Unfortunately my blissful experience was destroyed the second I entered the reception lobby to pay and reschedule. I was hounded relentlessly about the skincare products available for purchase and their benefits by one of the aestheticians that was also in the lobby. I thanked her several times and she just would not stop going on and on. My anxiety was rising and the massage efforts were fading. When I finally explained to her I was simply not interested she left the lobby allowing me to finally pay. The receptionists did not have change, although it was 11:00 in the afternoon so I had to wait for someone to go to the bank to get change. This took over 20 minutes running me so late into my day that I had to cancel another service at my regular salon. My spa day pretty much ended up in over marketing, stress, and rescheduling of other appointments in my day. Dont have any ENVY
