4	My family and I always have a nice time when we come here! The weather is perfect right now!! Take it while you can, before it gets hot!! I love traveling to this park probably because it reminds me of the good old days when I was young! Its right across the street from my old high school so I know this park well! Haha!The park alone is very spacious and always clean! There are a few different fields to play soccer or football, they have huge basketball courts, a few volley ball courts, a few different playgrounds for children, a ton of benches and tables (covered and non covered) a nice little lake and a few trails that travel around the lake. There is so much to do here, spending just an hour isn't enough, walking around the lake on one of the paths could easily take an hour (depending on how fast you walk of course) When I was younger I would come here to jog, the paths are perfect and its nice to "get away" a little by running one of the paths that travel behind the lake into the desert area. Now I like to come here because my son and my friend's dog love to run around together. There is a leash policy for pets because this isn't a dog park, but if its not too busy we just let them run around. The great thing about the little lake is it's filled with fish. So if you take all the required measures to fish, you are more than welcome to prop up a little chair under a nice shady tree and cast a line!Good times!!!
5	This place is awesome. I didn't even realize how big this park was since today. I took my kids for a bday party and there you go. It was pretty cool place to chill, play ball and hang out. Dog friendly place. There's also duck to feed lol. I live couple miles away from this park. I'm going to start going there from now on. They also have a small kiddie place for the kids to play. They also have basketball and volleyball courts. Overall, this place was awesome. Definetely coming back next week or so.
4	.86 mile path around lake, 2 playgrounds, ducks, fishing, many sports fields, picnic area, restrooms!  This is a very nice park!  Plenty to do for everyone and well maintained.
5	I love the park for my kids and the trail for me!
