1	Save your money and don't do business with this company. We have had a similar situation as the previous review. Jim told us for 6 weeks that he would be coming out to fit some shutters there were not working. I called Jim every week and every week the phone conversation would end with him saying that he would call me the next morning to let me know when he would be out to fix the problems, but I would NEVER receive a call back. I was always the one to call him and to check in with him. After filing a complaint with the BBB, Jim actually called me to tell me how upset he was that I would file a complaint and said he would be coming to our house the following Monday to correct the problem. He never showed up, never called, never responded to numerous text messages that I have sent. For someone that is supposedly former law enforcement, I would expect better, but there is a reason he is former. Awful, don't waste your time or money!! I will make sure I can do as many reviews to make sure no one else makes the same mistake we did and put this business out of business. On a side note, I received a message back from the BBB that said that the business never responded to the complaint. That shows Jim's true lack of concern. Our sales person was a guy named Kurt who raved about the product and gave us a "discount" because we paid in cash.
1	Not at all reliable.  Makes appointments and does not show up.  Installed shutters on a door and the frame was too small to allow the door knob to operate.  Promised to come back and did not show or call.  Then Jim is angry because you called him too many times (even though he does not answer his phone).
1	If I could Rate a 0 or lower I would.. My wife and I needed some cabinet doors replaced,  After 3 times of trying to set up an appointment with ED he finally showed up took measurements and took one of my doors to match design and color.  He told me 1.5 weeks and we would have new doors. After weeks of texting and calling him (which he never responds until you blow up his phone.  I always called him for an update he never called me. He gave every excuse under the sun even going as far as using one of his employees that got in an accident.  I gave him an ultimatum to give me my door back or I will file theft charges against him. Spoke to the police this morning, they are willing to help me recover my property.  Ed felt as though I was harassing him by calling and trying to get my property back.  Please do not give them any money or any of your property, you will not get it back.  Thieves and con artists save your money!!!  Still don't have my property back as of today 6/23/14
