5	I booked a tour with Adventure Photo Tours through LasVegas.com.  Because LasVegas.com is the reseller, I was not aware at the time that the company providing the service was Adventure Photo Tours.  I booked the "Grand Canyon VIP Mini Coach Tour" with LasVegas.com for roughly $180.  I must say that I was pleasantly surprised with the trip.  The bus was fitted with very comfortable seats, which reclined back and seats moved from side to side for more space.  I liked the fact that it was a small bus, about 20 seats (I think)?The morning started at 6am pickup from the hotel.  Drop-off was back at the hotel around 8:30pm (which may be longer or shorter depending on the traffic).  We were fed some muffins, peanuts, granola bars, & juice for breakfast & snacks.  Lunch was also provided.  It was a sandwich (ham, turkey, or vegetarian), apple, chips, and water.The tour bus made several stops for restrooms breaks.  When we arrived at Grand Canyon (South Rim), the guide/driver (Dan) spoke to each party individually on the route that they would be taking at Grand Canyon.  Parties can walk the 2.5 miles, walk partial and take bus, or just fully take the bus.  The only requirement was that we had to be back on the tour bus in 2 hours.  Some of the bonuses on the tour, we made stops at Hoover Dam and Historic Route 66.On the ride back, we made several bathroom stops but also made a stop at a local gift shop (@ Double Eagle Trading Company).  They had some pretty neat things in there to buy.Some of the other additional things that the tour company had was as much water as you like.  They also had hand sanitizer, sunscreen, or ginger root (for nausea).  When we arrived at the Grand Canyon South Rim, the driver also asked if we needed jackets since we were so high up in elevation.The driver was also the guide.  He was very knowledgeable, and spoke to us on a lot of the history as we were passing certain areas.  It was an awesome experience.  The driver, Dan, also told us that Adventure Photo Tours is a family owned business.  I would definitely return back to this company for tours again.  They provide good service with personal attention.  Thank you.Better Business Bureau Rating:http://www.vegasbbb.org/bbb_rated_acc_rpt.asp?bbbid=55707&tr=rated&lg=A%2B&ex=
5	We just got back from Las Vegas this weekend and had pre-booked a Hoover Dam 1/2 day tour with Adventure Photo Tours.   Our tour guide/driver , Bob was very friendly and so knowledgeable about the area.   We were picked up at our hotel right on time.  The mini-bus was very comfortable and clean.  The tour includes bottled water, sunscreen, hand sanitizer and nausea remedies for anyone needing it.    Upon our arrival to Hoover Dam, he drove over the Dam, explained everything and then dropped us off at the visitor center with our tour tickets.  He gave detailed instructions on everything to see so we would not miss anything.   We had close to 4 hours to explore everything that Hoover Dam had to offer and even time for a brief snack before heading back to Las Vegas.  Bob really took the time to make sure he answered every question that any of us had and was very comical too!   I would highly recommend this tour and this tour company- they have a ton of offerings and as a Travel Professional, I plan to offer the tours to my clients now that I have experienced them first hand!pam@pamstravel.nethttp://www.pamstravel.net
3	I don't think they quite deserve 3 or 4 stars-3.5, okay, but not four. I called the day before the trip to set something up. They had 6 people signed up. We made 8. Our Grand Canyon VIP tour eventually had 10.The small number of the trip was nice and kind of helped bring our group together so we were talking and laughing with strangers. The driver had us introduce ourselves to the others. I doubt that happens on the bigger tours.The driver showed up 20 minutes late for us, and even later for the people he picked up afterward. He initially didn't tell me why he was late, just simply said "I assure you, it was through no fault of my own."  The people he picked up after us were very upset, and he told them it was the traffic. One of them said that she had heard it was something else. The driver said there was something else, but he didn't want to embarass anyone or something along those lines. It was made pretty clear that the couple on the tour who didn't speak much English had made him late, as when we got to places he told everyone, "these people cannot go alone. Someone go with them. Who's going to go with them? Raise your hands. Make sure they get to where we are meeting."  The bus was fine, 14 seats, but it wasn't as nice as what was shown on the website, which shows leather-like seats. It was normal bus seats. This was a disappointment to me, as the comfortable looking seats in the photo was one reason I was willing to pay 2X the cost of other tours. The temperature on the bus got very cold for a time, though, and my friend told me that he had said there was only "hot" and "cold" on the bus.   They did have blankets and pillows. We stopped at Hoover Dam on the way, and the website said we would also stop at a historic locomotive. Presumably since we  were running late, he didn't stop at the locomotive, just asking if we wanted to. I wish he wouldn't have done that: I would've liked to have seen that, but knew that a couple of other people were really upset we were so far behind. I feel like he cut the tour short by asking, when he said he wouldn't cut it short.Also, when we called, they said the tour was $190, but they wouldn't give us the website cost of $180 over the phone when we mentioned it.  (I didn't want to buy the tickets on my smartphone.)They should've honored that. My friend walks with a cane, and the driver was very good to her. As mentioned, they gave us breakfast (granola bar, apple, cheese and a packaged blueberry muffin) and a lunch-chips, cookies, and a wrap (mine had not-so-fresh brown lettuce inside, but wasn't bad.) We were also given ponchos at the Canyon, as it had been sprinkling a little and looked like rain. The sheet they gave out that gave tips on the tour and photos also said that 10-20% tip was customary.  The driver was nice and charismatic, and at one point he pulled off so we could photograph sheep in a park, even taking my friend's camera and taking a photo for her. We watched "The Proposal" , a couple of short clips on Hoover Dam and the Grand Canyon, and "Son-In-Law" (wtf?) on the all-day trip. I liked the tour, but I just wished it wasn't so much more money. Other tours-granted with many more people-cost half as much.
5	For those of you Sin City vacationers looking for something more stimulating then just a smoky casino or an all-you-can-eat buffet line, Adventure Photo Tours is the bomb! They go to all the interesting places around the area, include Death Valley, Valley of Fire, Hoover Dam, Lake Mead, and of course, the long trek to all the rims of the Grand Canyon.I did the Valley of Fire tour that picks you up in a comfy, air-conditioned SUV and makes the swing through the incredibly beautiful Valley of Fire State Park, with stops at an Indian truck stop; (lots of fireworks for sale)The Lost City; the CCC Cabins, and Atlatl and Mouse's Tank Rocks where an impressive series of protected Indian petroglyphs are fascinating to check out. I was amazed our group spotted a group of female endangered Bighorn Sheep gathered at the top of a rocky outcrop! Usually these animals are very shy and hard-to-spot! The tour includes tips about how to get good photographs along the way and lots of information on the endangered species (both animal and plant) that inhabit the area. I liked hearing the history of the Indians who lived in the area and the Mormon pioneers who came through.  Pay cash and you get a little bit cheaper ticket price. I met nice people from England, Pennsylvania, and Poland on my tour and was astounded at all the French tourists who flock to the Valley of Fire! Busloads of them!5 YELP STARS for a great company that intellectually stimulates you as it drives you around comfortably to gawk at the beauty that is Las Vegas-sans the neon, the topless and the tacky.
4	Yeah, it's $195 per person, but this will be as close as you can possibly get to the forbidden, high-security, ultra-protected home of actual aliens and their spaceships which have long been buried underground here outside of Las Vegas. This is the tour where you will hear tour guide Tim speak of the two friends of his who actually made it over the Area 51 fencing and began to roam the area on foot, only to be stopped dead in their tracks by two MEN IN BLACK who had been TELEPORTED out of nowhere to arrest & detain them for trespassing on gov't property.Here on this tour, you will begin to make sense of the inter-relationships between this mysterious dry lake where sightings of UFO's have been observed and nearby Ancient Indian Petroglyphs at the Valley of Fire that resemble Aliens! Also visit Little A'le' Inn-where numerous documentaries and movies including "Independence Day" have been filmed."After the tour stops to enjoy an Alien Burger at the Little A'le' Inn, next up is the location of the infamous "Black Mailbox," where numerous ET sightings have occurred and then to the absolute perimeter of Area 51 through a strange and deformed-(from ET radiation) Joshua Tree Forest.This will blow your mind! There are guards (The Men In Black), detection devices, motion sensors, listening devices and cameras mounted among the cactus. The signs outside of Area 51 read, "The Use of Deadly force Authorized" and you can be sure they mean it.  It's fun to wave at the heavily armed guards in the 4x4 parked on the desert hillside but they don't wave back, they just watch from behind their darkened windows-ready to pounce on you should you penetrate their perimeter.As much as the United States Air Force has denied the existence of Area 51, we know it is there but no one knows what it is they do there. This is how you can find out! Remember-NO PICTURE TAKING ALLOWED!  This is an Extreme tour to the world's most top secret military facility, the real home of the X files! Not to be missed! Any UFO fan worth their alien authenticity needs to make sure to get on this tour and check Area 51 out!The Area 51 Tour is a  full day sightseeing tour that lasts approximately 8 hours and the van picks you up at your hotel around 7:00 a.m. It is scheduled to operate on Wednesday only , but as long as there are 4 or more combined people up for some extra terrestrial stalking, the tour can go out. Las Vegas is full of weird people and otherworldly adventures-but the REAL FUN is right outside Sin City-at Area 51-where Uncle Sam is hiding SECRETS so crazy, that they remain locked away underground, so as not to alarm the public!
5	My girlfriend and i paid for the 'Grand Canyon VIP Mini Coach Tour' with a stop at Kingman on Route 66 & Hoover Dam booked through vegas.com.  It was great! We were picked up at hotel in Las Vegas early in the morning on time at 6am, made a few stops to pick up others on the tour (about 15 in total)  Our tour guide was Daniel and he was friendly knowledgeble on the area and a good sense of humour.  Plenty of washroom breaks, small breakfast, snacks, lunch muffins all provided and the bus is very comfortable with movies and documentaries about the hoover dam. If you want to see the Grand Canyon and staying in Las Vegas and don't know where to start, i'd highly recommend this tour.
1	These tours are over priced, some are rather boring, and there are many ways that you can spend your vacation dollars while on holiday in Las Vegas. If you are really wanting to go on tour while in town, I would highly recommend Pink Jeep tours, or contact one of the helicopter companies in town. You would be wasting your time and money going with Adventure Photo Tours
1	Booked a Hoover dam tour with them. The tour guide was great but when we got to the dam we had 1hr 30 min for the "VIP" tour. If i would have known that i would have no time to even walk the dam i would have drove myself and saved the 100$ a person. Will not use for anything else.
