4	the birthplace of Canada's Industrial Revolution is now a long stretch of park lining a 14.5-km canal that's perfect for walking, running, and cycling
5	This must be one of the nicest parcs in the city it runs along the Lachine Canal from old Montreal to the old Lachine village. As I use to work in old Montreal and live in Point-Saint-Charles, I would ride my bike to work along the the canal bike path from the month of March until the first snow. Theres nothing like riding home on a sunny friday afternoon after a long week, talk about stress relief. The canal also has green space on either side of the bike path allowing for people to sit and enjoy the views of the city and take in sum sun. As far as I'm concerned it's one of the best places for a picnic, with it's proximity to the Atwater market it's easy to run over grab some bread and cheese, find a quiet spot and enjoy a nice quiet lunch.My only complaint, if you can even call this a complait is that the parc is all but closed in the winter, it would be nice if the bike path was maintained in the winter. I'm sure people would use it to comute all winter long, it might also be nice if cross-country ski tracks would be set ove the 14km length. It,s not a complaint, It's a "would be nice if" Just get out and enjoy it, we're lucky to have this parc .
5	The Lachine Canal is a great place to be if you're a runner, walker or cyclist.  As a runner this is my favourite spot to come for a good, long run.  The path is 14.5 km long which is ideal if you're looking to cover a long distance and not have to be always stopping for traffic lights or looking out for cars.   If you're in the Atwater Market area then you should consider picking up some food and having a picnic along the Canal
5	While this may not be as scenic as Old Port or have as many attractions, this is a great place for a walk, jog, or bike ride.  There is a bike path that goes around the entire canal, and the it's not on the road either. It's actually a path and trail away from the cars and near the water, so you can bike at a leisurely pace.  In addition, along most of the canal is green space, so if you are tired, you can sit on the grass or bench and have a nice little picnic along the water.All in all, maybe not an attraction for everyone, but it's a great escape from the hustle and bustle of the city.
