5	"Very good bagels!!  plain and simple.Good selection, multi item pricing (meaning by more spend less per), I love their Sausage egg bagel on their outdoor patio on the occasional Saturday AM.  Or the times I run here to grab a 1/2 doz, bring home and enjoy!"
4	Nova Lox & Bagel is Sliced Lox, plain shmear, tomato, red onion & capers. Served on your choice of bagel. Sounds good huh, I had this on an everything bagel and Gus had garlic. It had a good portion of lox and cream cheese. I could have used a bit more onion, but I love onions so I am sure it was just fine for most.I had not been to an Einsteins in a long time, years I think. We sat out on the patio which is far enough off of the street to be comfortable with nicely trimmed plantings. The coffee was not bad either.Glad we stopped in, will again too.
4	Usually good service here in the mornings for bagel sandwiches to go.  Egg and cheese or that spinach on foccacia are both very good breakfasts.  Their coffee is darn good, just as it says on the logo - "darn good coffee". Much better than the many fast food burger place options in the area.
4	I love Einstein Brothers Bagels. When I moved to Ohio for a few years, I actually drove over an hour to the nearest location in Michigan. They have THE BEST bagels in town. Bummer that they got rid of the Veggie Confetti bagel as that was my all time fave. I always get fast, courteous service at this location and the store is always clean. Bravo!
3	I was a long time patron at the Einstein bagels on Academy in Alb, NM so I was ecstatic when I found one here. I finally went into the obscure location that I'd driven by everyday but its one of those locations that you remember as you drive by...if that makes sense? It's a nice clean location with friendly employees. I'm not one to often venture out of my comfort zone with bagels sandwiches so as expected, I went with an everything bagel toasted with cream cheese and lox....hold the capers and add the red onion. When I got my to-go order, the bagels was somewhat tossed in the box, open face with no lettuce or tomato. Ugh! I didn't find out til I got to my tuck and today was a day at the N. Pole so I dint want to get back out of my toasty truck.I gave them 3 stars because even though they were friendly, I felt rushed through my order, kinda like McDonald's. Had more attention been given to me and my order, I'd have my dang tom/greens.Tasted great though, love that smoky lox!
1	-UGH!! Poor quality, inconsistant bagels! Why are my bagels different thickness? I didn't order "thin bagels". When did Asiago Cheese become a "cheese pancake"???-Cashier tells me that the "Asiago Cheese" has always been thin...(um, no they haven't!) This shouldn't had been served to customers.-Saw the young high-school employee dude throw some bacon into the microwave...euw! No napkin, no plate, no wax paper...WTH?-Slow service! Stuck behind an indecisive lady...ugh! C'mon lady chose a damn bagel and ice tea and move along! -The cashier was a young (inexperienced) gal who had the IQ of a potato, it was obvious she didn't know how to work the register either...why bother having people like this handle money transactions????-Parking is ok-It was way too much of a hassle to run in to get a bagel here...poor food quality, terrible service, Inconsistant food quality, and inexperienced employees. :(-Next time, I'll go into a Safeway to get a bagel...less hassle!-WORST Einsteins that I have ever been to! Is this one a franchise???
3	Too pricey and not kid friendly
4	Only one complaint about the management being rude to his employees.  There is a time and place and neither are infront of customers.  Other than that all is well!!  Food is good and makes me HAPPY!!
5	I love Einsteins and though the flavors were right... the comments about inconsistencies are accurate. The green chili bagels were small
1	My wife's sandwich was given to someone else.  She suspected this, and confirmed it when she looked in the bag to see the sandwich was manhandled. I'm sorry, but, PUKE!  Disgusting practice. Absolutely sick making.
3	This was the closest Einstein's to where I live.  It was bright and clean but then again it was 6:30am in the morning.  The staff was friendly.  The other reviews are right about the consistency of the bagels.  I had 5 normal size bagels and the honey wheat one was thinner compared to the others.
4	Maybe it's just me, but I'm a dipper. I like to tear my bagels and dip them in cream cheese. It's a control thing, don't judge!! So yesterday I saw the flashing lights of Einsteins. (Not literally!) But I was flying along Dysart and saw the store. Flipped a bitch (u-turn) and went back. (Sorry red Toyota, didn't mean to cut you off!) . Never noticed it before, but I usually take Litchfield to I-10.  Why does this matter? Because I had a bagel! And I'm writing a review. ;)~Anywho... Like I said I'm a dipper. I like to dip my treats in warm gooey goodness. Einsteins smothered the hell out of this bagel. Which is ok, since I was paying for cream cheese, I'd rather have more than less and not feel like I was ripped off. Driving down Dysart with my sonic coke and cream cheese all over. There was more white on that little bagel than up a hookers nose. It was good. I'll be back. They have more than bagels, they have pastries, eggs, coffee, tea... Good place next time I'll just ask for my dip on the side and see if you get just as much.
1	I have been going here since it opened. They used to have a GREAT manager who was very high energy and always keeping the employees on task and he was very friendly. Ever since he left it has gone downhill and I went there this morning, it was so bad this time I had to write a review. First, they were out of the lox and bagel and the cranberry bagel which is what me and my mom both wanted. My mom decided to get a 9 grain bagel instead, which they were also out of! Keep in mind this is a Wednesday morning at around 9 am, it was not busy. The manager informed us they had a catering order which "wiped them out" of all bagels. This is no excuse since catering orders are put in far in advance. This is a breakfast place they should be prepared to have bagels ready for customers. In addition, both of our bagel and my mom's wrap was cold when we recieved them. There was only one person ahead of us in line and it took us over 5 min of waiting for the cashier to ring us up. They were also completely out of 2 kinds of coffee, leaving only the dark roasts to choose from, and they were also out of half and half. My little brother's bagel bites were hard as rock, even though the manager has told us they were "fresh". I wish they had the old manager because now I don't want to go back to this place, even though I really do love their bagels.
4	Dear bagels, I know I shouldn't love you. Your high-carb dough and the layers of saturated fat that are slathered onto you in the form of a delectable flavored cream cheese, such as honey almond or sun-dried tomato, are, in fact, quite bad for me. My arteries scream in terror whenever I pass your quaint shop with the friendly employees on Dysart. But I can't stay away. You are always toasted to perfection. You come in so many delicious flavors that change with the seasons. Pumpkin crunch? Don't mind if I do. Gingerbread? Dunk me. And your bagel sandwiches - - my, oh my. How I love a thick cream cheese base upon which my boring-yet-nutritious sprouts can rest their weary heads, followed by sliced tomato and deli turkey. Add some cranberry sauce to the mix and I feel like I'm home on the farm for Thanksgiving. If I had a farm, that is. Bagels, it will never be over between us. You may think I've ended it, but I'll always be back for more of your sweet and savory lovin. Love, Kate
4	Very good bagels in LOTS of flavors. Not as good as Chompies but Einstein has more locations close to me. Kinda pricey with trendy health drinks and a yuppie atmosphere. I just get a big bag of bagels, a big coffee, a big tub of butter, and make a day of it! Service is fast even when they're busy. They have other foods, I don't remember what they are.
3	The service is always friendly, prompt, and accurate here. I always feel welcome and the shop is always clean. No problems with this shop and I would recommend it to other yelpers.Another note: they have always been fully stocked on the product I want
4	I really have learned to enjoy a good cup of coffe and a bagel with "shmear," here at Einstein's Bagels. The staff is really friendly, the bagels are super good, and when you sign up for their newsletter, they send you their love in the form of coupons, and discounts!We like getting the "Baker's dozen" of 13 bagels with 2 different shmears (the almond-honey is one of our favorites), from plain to onion, chocolate chip, cranberry, you got to try them all!
5	Easy to get to off the 10 - Just up a few lights on Dysart. Fresh sandwiches - tastefully made. AND -- They have pumpernickel bagels. I am a bit of a nut about pumpernickel bagels and want to have the available in every bagel place! The Staff made us a perfect sandwich and we reall appreciated that alot! Thanks  to Melvin and Elmo, The Einstein Brothers
5	Nothing beats bagels fresh from people who remember your name. I'm a regular here but there is a reason for that. The  service is excellent the food no less so.My only complaint might be the line some days but then again I can't complain to much if everyone else likes this place too.My wife is pregnant right now and this is one thing she looks forward: bagel with cream cheese. Thank you Einstein's bagels.
2	I went in on Mother's Day. They opened at seven I was there at 7:20. They didn't have any plain bagels. The general manager took my order and was very rude.  I asked for my bagels to be in separate boxes so the sweet and the garlic didn't mix flavors. You would've thought I asked for 20 extra bagels.  There was not a line or anyone else waiting for food but I felt like I had to get my order done 30 seconds or less. Just not a good experience.
4	I was on a mission to find chewy, warm bagels and this is the place I stumbled upon. Upon entering, I noticed how clean the eating area was. I was greeted by a cheerful young lady that was ready to place my order. I ordered the everything nova lox bagel (yum!) and decided to give the frozen coffee drink, caramel macchiato, a try. My bagel was ready in no time and even though there was a snafu with the drink being made on ice, so was the drink; it was remade very quickly. I was pleased to see the red onion under the salmon instead of on it too (it masks the sting of the bite in my opinion). Everything I ate was tasty and fulfilling. I will definitely return in the future!
5	Yummm....what more can I say. The veg out is the greatest of all time. Great staff and quick service.
5	Came here by chance and had the egg paninis it was the best especially with the chile verde to add a bit of spice made the meal a whole lot better. Service was great!!!
3	Decided to go to Einstein for breakfast. It was just before 9am on Sunday morning and the line was literally out the door. I thought about going somewhere else but we decided to wait. Fortunately the line moved fairly quickly and we ordered & paid in about 13 minutes. The dining area is a good size so there were still some open tables. Our food was ready about 4 minutes later. I got the applewood bacon & cheddar egg sandwich on a plain bagel. It was hot and good. A little pricey for what you get though.
4	Tried to post this as a review but only was able to post it as a tip.Have been going to Einstein's for years in San Diego and it's our favorite bagel place.  Bagels are always top notch.  My review is for the staff and store itself.  Store was very clean and well taken care of and the staff is super friendly, especially Destiny.  Thanks for a nice experience.
2	Got the applewood bacon & cheddar egg sandwich on a plain bagel, but they forgot to heat it up... I noticed the cheese wasn't melted when they handed it to me, but when I sat down, I touched the bacon and it was cold like it was right out of the fridge! No way I was eating that, so I went back up to the counter to get a proper sandwich. They said they would warm it up. They did, and it was fine, but I don't understand why they didn't do it right the first time...
5	Great people who work here. Great bagels & customer service. The store is always super clean. The bagels are so good that you need to get there before 3 for your favorite selection. I just love pretzel bagels and six cheese bagels!
