4	My son's been coming here for a few years & I never noticed the no reviews.  Remember that orthodontia is very expensive but while I have not priced it lately, price was not a consideration here.  Do u want less teeth?  Dr T used a palate xpander so no teeth had to be extracted (unlike my crowded palate with 8 adult teeth removed)  They also offer a one time deal to replace your retainers after the original get damaged by any reason including your Alexandrine parakeet chewing on said new retainers.  At present, we have no new cataclysmic retainer issues otherwise it's a $500 replacement cost!  This office is very professional so I think that it's on the top tier of fabulific service.
5	Dr. Thalgott and his staff are GREAT!!  They'll see you promptly at your appointment time or within five minutes after most of the time.  The office is very comfortable and pleasant to be in.  Dr. Thalgott will explain your treatment options and in my case (I had to have jaw surgery), he recommended a great surgeon.  I am very pleased with my progress thus far.
5	Dr. Thalgott does awesome work and he is such a nice guy.  All of his staff members are helpful and friendly which is always a bonus.  They provide you with floss, toothbrush, and mouthwash so you can be fresh and minty prior to your appointment.
5	Dr. Thalgott came highly recommended to us.  We just completed treatment for my daughter.  In two years, we never waited more than five minutes for our appointment.  We were always taken care of with respect and in a very friendly manner.  They give the patients rewards for doing what they're supposed.  I could go on and on.  Amazing
5	Dr. Thalgott is the best. I had braces for 2 years as an adult. Only recently got them off. I am so happy with the results. I agree with Pamela R.'s review that Dr. Thalgott has the best bedside manner. Dr. Thalgott's staff is composed of probably the nicest people in this city. No kidding. The office is super clean and very well run. I am very pleased with my results and highly recommend Dr. Thalgott!
