5	Best dang pizza in AZ!!WE love their Monday madness deal!Our family favorite is the ham, and pineapple with the butter crust! YUM, YUM, YUM!!!Can't beat the value! Anytime I can feed a family of 4 under $10 I'm happy, but to REALLY enjoy it is bliss!
1	Decent pizza, but they told me one price on the phone when I ordered (the "special", then when I came in they charged me a different price. Manager didn't care at all. I called to try to make it right, not really concerned about the $2, was very nice about it, but the manager was not concerned and literally hung up on me when I was trying to discuss it.
2	75% of the time they mess up your order.  Out of the entire store there is only one friendly guy up front.  Everyone else acts bothered if you ask about anything.  The pizza itself tastes good and you really can't beat the price for the pizza that's the only reason I go back, but if they could only make it the way you order?!
4	2 words... Flavored crust!
1	Worst customer service ever. The staff is so rude. I was told to pick up my pizza in 20 minutes, I sat in the place for a full hour before I got my pizza and wings and my wing order was wrong. Even though the container said hot they were most definitely BBQ. While sitting in the building waiting you could tell the place suffered from horrible management. The staff was yelling at each other, screaming that they were out of boneless wings and having to call people back and see what else they wanted instead. Not to mention the woman who was running the counter was flat out rude. She didn't apologize for making is wait so long and didn't care that the wings were cold but the pizza was hot. I will most definitely never go there again ever.
5	Best pizza in anthem! I ordered a large pep with garlic herb crust. The lady up front was nice and told me it would ready in 10 minutes. This was great because I only have a small lunch break. Food came out fast and hot. I will be coming back again!
1	If you look at my other reviews, you'll see I very rarely give a restaurant 1 bubble. And for local places in my community, I will often say nothing if I don't have anything nice to say. But this experience was so thoroughly terrible I'm making an exception. A friend visiting from out of state was thrilled we had a Hungry Howie's in our town as this was her favorite pizza chain back east. Since we had not had a chance to try it yet, we gave it a go. First we tried ordering on the web site but it does not allow you to select a flavor for the crust - that seemed odd considering how much they promote this and rely on it to differentiate themselves from all the other pizza joints in town. OK, so we tried calling our order in. We had seen the specials on the web site, but when we asked for it on the phone, a teenage-sounding guy told us they didn't have that promotion and it would cost roughly double the advertised price. At this point I started getting annoyed, but I kept calm and ordered on, after all, our friend loves this place, maybe the food will redeem it. Since we were already out and about, we declined delivery and went in to get it. Imagine my surprise when we saw the front of the building was plastered with large advertisements exactly matching what we saw online. There were also posters and stands inside the restaurant showing these same deals. Really?! How could this guy NOT know the specials they offer? Does he come in through the back door every day? Does he never look left when he answers the phone? I probably should have said something, but at this point it was worth the extra money to not prolong any interaction with this person. I paid and left. At home we realized they never offered us a choice of dipping sauces for the bread sticks and that the pizza did not have the flavored crust we ordered. The bread sticks were burnt and tough. We tried to eat a couple but ended up throwing them away, which if you know me is atypical - I will eat terrible food rather than waste it, but this was beyond edible. The pizza was cooked to perfection, but the cheap ingredients and "canned" tasting sauce put it below average. Our friend assured us she has never had this experience at the other stores she has been to, that even the web site is better for other stores, and that we just have a bad one. Until this location brings its customer service and product quality up to the standards the chain apparently sets for its other locations, there is no chance we will be returning.
