4	The chicken Me Kong noodle is one of the best foods I've eaten in Pittsburgh.
5	Absolutely amazing Pho! Flavored so perfectly you don't need to add extra sriracha or hoisin sauce. They also provide plenty of rice (asian approved) and are so generous with their entree portions that I always have enough left to take for lunch the next day. The family that runs the place is so wonderful and nice :)
4	Being hungry for Asian food in the south hills can leave one feeling a bit empty with the choices available, especially if you aren't in the mood for a belly full of cornstarch. Seeing that Mekong had Pho and good ratings, we were off to give it a shot. We entered a mostly empty restaurant with only a handful of tables and what seemed to be one woman running the front and back(I later found out there is another woman in the kitchen).We were told to sit anywhere we'd like and immediately given water. We looked at the menu, standard american-chinese fare with some vietnamese specialties thrown in, including the Pho I had come for. My brother is a fan of General Tso's but wasn't exactly in the mood for it, so our waitress recommended he try the specialty 'Emperor' Chicken - apparently a bit more sweet and sour than your basic General Tso's. Along with ordering, I indicated that my brother was severely allergic to nuts of all sorts, expecting to be given the standard response of 'oh, I'll check' or a vague 'they're cooked in the same area.. how allergic is he?'. No, the server, who referred to herself as Ma, explained that only two types of dished contained nuts, and that they were kept in a plastic container away from the other ingredients - completely reassuring us that no mix-ups could happen.The food came out fairly quickly, the pho was hot but without standard items like sriracha and hoisin. No matter, the flavor was perfect, probably my favorite in the city. I was in the mood for spicy, so I did indeed ask for sriracha. She said she didn't give it because it gives the pho a lemony off-taste if you use too much of it, but that she could help me out. She went into the kitchen and brought out a small dish containing a finely sliced, bright red thai chili, warning a little goes a long way. I'm no stranger to this type of chili and throwing the whole thing in did indeed give me plenty of heat and burst of super-fresh chili flavor. I asked for a small bowl to share and she was happy to deliver that as well.The Emperor Chicken was OK, full of large chunks of red and green peppers and onions if you like that - I prefer broccoli as my vegetable in dishes like that. It was bright and flavorful, though, and a large portion. Ma was friendly with us while we ate, asking whereabout we lived, and telling us anytime we needed to eat something good, just come see her.All in all, this place has wonderful Pho. If you're trapped in the South Hills looking for something warm to fill you up, or just looking for a great family-run restaurant with friendly service and great chinese-american food, stop in and give Mekong a try.
5	Great prices, owner appreciates loyal customers and everything is home made. Been getting Chinese from them for a number of years now.
5	Amazing! The atmosphere is quaint, everyone is so friendly, and the food is incredible (and affordable). I've tried several things on their menu and they're always delicious -- though I'm partial to the spring rolls.  They also do delivery, which is pretty quick.  Highly recommended!
5	Three times I've been here and three times I've left satisfied. All three dishes were excellent. ( Chicken and broccoli in spicy brown sauce , Pho  and Mekong noodles.) Wonton soup and egg rolls are home made and extra tasty. Have only been here for lunch. But I'm sure it's just a good for dinner. Staff is friendly and helpful. Prices are fair.
2	Meh, I've experienced better. But here's the thing. It's in my neighborhood and it's quick Chinese. What more can I say? I ordered the Veggie Lo Mein. The thing I loved about it, that I don't find in most, is that it was packed full of veggies. The thing I did not love was that the flavor was a little bit soy and a lot grease. Don't get me wrong, I know grease has it's place in take-out Chinese, but I'd like a little more flavor to my grease. Ya get what I'm sayin'?If it wasn't in my hood probably wouldn't be back. Since it is, I'll see ya when I'm lazy and didn't make dinner (which probably means next week).
1	Ordered delivery, and can honestly say it's the worst Chinese food I've ever had.The egg rolls came hot and crispy on the outside, but were doughy/soggy on the inside.  They were long/skinny style, and the wrapping overpowered any flavor from the filling, of which I could barely taste.  The duck sauce provided was brown in color and had a cinnamon tinge to it.The hot and sour soup was neither.  It had the consistency of brown beef gravy (yes, it was that thick), and had neither the heat nor the tang.  if you're looking for mushroom gravy for meatloaf I'd say it's not bad, but as hot and sour soup...no.The General Tso's Chicken came in HUGE pieces that needed to be cut more than once.  The heat was marginal and the sauce was brown.  It reminded me nothing of general's chicken I've had anywhere else, and wasn't at all satisfying.Lastly, the Szechuan Beef...marginally spicy, the style seems more like hunan beef than szechuan, given the vegetable mix of snowpeas, baby corn, carrots, broccoli, bamboo shoots, water chestnuts, and mushrooms.  The beef was absolutely tough.Overall wholly unsatisfying.  I'd like to give some leeway for the rating due to it being delivery, but even the ingredients, flavors, and preparation I just can't give anything but the lowest of ratings.  If I could give zero stars I would. Given the other ratings I was looking forward to this place as it's very close, but my Chinese food itch will definitely be scratched somewhere else.
4	I ordered dinner from Mekong the other night while Darren was at a concert. The sweet and sour pork was tasty as were the steamed dumplings. Ordering was a snap over the phone (the employees are fluent in English and are therefore easy to communicate with) and the delivery was quick.
4	Definitely a solid 4. Everything was tasty and good quality. They make everything to order, and the food was delicious. I should have taken food home, but I cleaned my plate. Try one of their Vietnamese noodle dishes.
5	Best in the burgh.A very nice, small, and very friendly Chinese restaurant.They have good lunch deals and there pricing isn't too bad either also they offer delivery service. If you stop in I suggest you try there appetizers very good also ask for the home made spicy mustard its very sweet and tangy but has a good kick to it.
1	Fuck this place I order some food from here and it was so GROSS this wack bitch on the phone goin to tell me that's how they eat there food (gross) lmao!!! I have a feeln they been told there food was BAD!!! Before don't ever eat or order here
5	Stick to the house specials and you can't go wrong. They have great pho for beginners since they pre season it with hoisin and such. It's a family owned and operated spot with 8 tables and a good takeout business.
4	We love this place.  We always get the family meal deal and they are awesome about changing it up a bit.  When you ask for extra spicy you get extra spicy.  The only complaint we always have is about the fried rice.  Last night it was burnt. My boyfriend usually ends up adding soy sauce to it.  The spring rolls are delicious! My favorite is the green jade veggie dish. I love the veggie blend.
5	Best Chinese in Pgh, hands down.  A tiny little family-owned place, Mekong is everything you could ask for in a Chinese restaurant.  Mom is the cook, daughters are the waitress, son-in-law hangs out to lend a hand.  I've even seen a grandpa around on the odd occasion.The food is superlative.  Mekong has the best hot-n-sour soup I've ever tasted, and that's not just in the burgh, that's IN THE WORLD.  In addition to the composition, it's got an extra smokey flavor that's truly unique.  Everything else is to the same standard.  You really can't go wrong.  Nothing fru fru, but it's obvious that they use high-quality ingredients and cook it perfectly.With such a small staff, they get to know you very quickly, which means you can ask them to tailor things to your taste and they will.  Their "spicy" is pretty hot to begin with, but they'll go as high as you want.  Pricing is very reasonable.  Portions are huge; we always take some home.Parking is often a nightmare in Dormont, but you can sometimes grab some on-street parking with a meter if you're lucky.
5	My favorite Chinese restaurant in Pitt.  Hands down.  The cashew chicken and spicy noodles with shrimp and excellent.
5	Wonderful Pho, great friendly service! We went very hungry and ordered more then what 2 people should eat, thinking we'd take some home with us. Lol it was so delicious we ate every drop! Very generous portions means we were real pigs! Can't wait to eat there again!
5	The family that runs Mekong is wonderful and it was a delight to dine in their establishment. We had such a nice, mellow meal at Mekong and it was my favorite meal of the trip. The food was as good as the family was friendly. The green jade chicken was my favorite dish of the many we tried. My friends and I shared family style and everything was delicious.
4	I've been going here for a while now and I love trying new things. My favorite is the sesame chicken and rice. I love the friendly staff too! The daughter once dropped a glass on the floor and it shattered and she screamed "oh no I'm going to get fired!" A couple seconds later she then said "oh wait, no I'm not my mom's the boss". They are just such friendly and down to earth people it makes you appreciate smaller businesses. I'd love to see the restaurant get a makeover too because I hope they stay open and successful for a long time to come. I like that they even deliver. When I'm craving good Chinese, I don't hesitate on where to go for a good price.
5	We live in Mt. Lebanon and decided to give MeKong a try. What a great decision. We ordered take out and the lady who took our order was super friendly. When we went to pick it up, the same person was so nice in person and very welcoming. We ordered the Garlic Chicken and the Szechuan Chicken. Both were excellent. It's very small, with only 9 tables, and it's an old building, but that's part of the charm. We'll be going back soon!
3	Honestly I thought this place was pretty average. They serve your typical Chinese cuisine. It's edible, but nothing out of this world. Then again, I am Chinese so I could end up having higher standards for Asian cuisine than your average consumer. It is nice that they have pho but it's really quite ordinary.
2	So I'll make this one short like my experience. I went in for pickup during lunch since I work in the area. I ordered a pint of rice and a regular egg roll. I sent a coworker to pick it up so when they gave him a huge thing of rice and a shrimp egg roll he didn't know to not accept it. $8 more than what I wanted to spend. So the rice was greasy and the onions were too raw. The egg-roll was unexpected. The crust was good (I like a good crust) but something on the inside wasn't agreeing with my taste buds so I tossed it. Needless to say I'm poorer and still hungry after visiting here. Pretty disappointed.
4	We came here this past Friday after my husband's tattoo appointment.  We walked in and nobody greeted us, but another table of diners said it was a sit anywhere. It is a BYOB establishment, which I wish I had known previous to entering and sitting down. The woman who waited on us said we could run around the corner to the Wine and Spirits shop, but we declined.  The drinks available are canned sodas (pop to the Yinzer population). The iced tea was a bit weak. The Dragon and Phoenix soup was extremely delicious. We ordered the Pu Pu Platter. The Teriyaki Beef that is on most all platters was not some thin strip of beef you can see through. It was thick and juicy while still being thin enough to skewer. The fried wontons didn't have a lot of insides to them, but they were very crispy. The duck sauce tasted homemade and I just wanted to eat a whole bowl of the stuff. The spring rolls have pork in them (you are told ahead of time about this) and were crispy but not fried.We inquired about the Emperor Shrimp (chicken was available as well). They said it was their specialty and it was a combination of General Tso's and Sweet and Sour. Let me tell you, this was amazing. There was a spicy heat to it that was superbly balanced by the sweetness. I have eaten in a lot of Chinese restaurants and I have tasted nothing like this EVER!! My husband was definitely in love. The portions are nice sized and great if you are hungry or definite leftovers if you are not. I made mention of my enjoyment of the duck sauce and they enclosed a whole container of the stuff in our leftover bag. They also gave us some more white rice as we only had a small portion left from our meal. We are in Dormont frequently and will definitely be coming back with my BYOB.
5	Wonderful little place to eat in the heart of Dormont!!!! The service is superb, as this is a family run business and they all work together to make your dinner special. Not one bad thing to say about this gem. My husband and I used to live in Dormont and would eat here very often. We still stop in from time to time and couldn't be happier. I would suggest trying the steamed dumplings or the spring rolls as an appetizer. Their hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had, it has a delicious smoky, peppery taste to it. For an entree I usually get the green jade chicken and add mushrooms. That's what's so nice about this place, they let you customize your order to an extent. Definitely giving the customer what they want. Try the Emperor's Chicken for a sweet tang, or the Pho. Their pho will NOT disappoint you. I've sampled or tried probably everything on this menu and I've never been disappointed. Can't wait to go back.
2	I've given the place a few tries, and each time I've been sadly disappointed. The food was consistently flavorless. Not really much else to say.
4	The food was good. I ordered the general tso's chicken and an order of cheese wontons. It is a small dinning area if you wish to eat in. The flavor was good and you got big pieces of chicken. A little bit more expensive than others but overall good.
5	We moved from Pittsburgh to San Francisco and this is the Chinese food we miss the most! The cream cheese wontons specifically! Family owned and operated and home cooked! You won't be disappointed! Staff are always overly friendly! :)
2	I've only gone here once and got the veggie lo mein... It was terrible. Seriously could hardly eat it. Wouldn't go there again.
4	The food was good. I ordered the general tso's chicken and an order of cheese wontons. It is a small dinning area if you wish to eat in. The flavor was good and you got big pieces of chicken. A little bit more expensive than others but overall good.
5	Everything on the menu that my family has tried has been delicious!! The staff is terrific and always friendly. Their pho is the best in town and the Vietnamese noodles are fantastic!
4	The location is convenient with easy parking.  The service was fantastic - fast, attentive, good attention to detail, and very friendly.  The food was fresh, hot, and tasty and met my expectations on all fronts.
3	Ordered delivery for 1st time. Pleasant guy answered to take order & offered advice. Arrived to Beechview in ~35min piping hot by same guy who took the order. Really nice & his mother in law does the cooking. My fave chinese in town is sesame inn so gave it a shot. Hot & sour soup was on point. Real nice hotness & thickness. Chicken egg roll was average & it reminded me how good sesame inns are & i wished i had one. Rice was sticky but nice. Sesame Chicken & Orange chicken both interesting. I asked for white meat. It was good quality but was very soggy which can be typical for takeout. Plenty of tasty sauce but no signs of any vegetables in either. I'd try something different next time around.  Not my favorite ever, but far from the worst. Grade B for food & A for delivery service
4	Staff at this place are nice and friendly I don't mind going there at least once a week. The prices are reasonable and the waitress remembers people and makes you feel at home. The food is also pretty good!
