2	The space, Sparce, with a counter for taking orders and some outdoor seating and indoor seating.A few obligatory tourist posters are on the wall, as well as a TV blaring Fox news at a slightly higher volume than I would like. Not ear splitting, but it was pretty loud.But the main thing, is the food.Sad to say, it was pretty run of the mill, and even though it's only their first week open, I'm still not holding out a lot of hope.I ordered a Gyro Plate and The Bride ordered a falafel plate.The gyro meat tasted like any I could have had at numerous food courts in any mall across the country. the cries were nice, and the pita bread was fresh.the one weird thing was that even though it came with a salad, and the salad had a little bit of feta (I forgot to ask for extra feta, since i love the stuff!) there was NO DRESSING on either of our salads, its almost as if.. well, greek salads didnt need dressing here or something, very odd.My Brides Falafel was better, not much better than a boxed mix you can get at Fry's, but still a decent portion, and it tasted fine. Her hummus tasted fine, about the same as you can get at Costco, but with a bit more lemon than I like. (personal preference here)I might go back in a month or so and see how their Kabobs are, though the whole meal tasted rather pre-fab which breaks my heart. I was so looking forward to a good Mom and Pop gyro place close by. The portions were nice though, and the people were friendly. Perhaps given time they will improve.Currently they don't deliver, and to me, that's really their only hope for survival with so many apartments in the area.Hope others have better experiences!
2	We dined here this evening with my daugher's dance studio being located in the same plaza.  We were both super excited to get a Greek place nearby and had waited anxiously since we saw the signage up prior to opening.  It was pretty disappointing, I am sad to say :(We had to wait about 5 minutes at the counter to place our order and finally, I think one of the owners, came over to assist us in our order.  We waited almost 40 minutes for one gyro plate and one souvlaki plate although they did bring out soup samples to all the tables which was very thoughtful.  The gyro was nothing to write home about, the meat on the top of the pita was very very crispy, crunchy in fact which oddly enough, added a pleasant texture.  The sauce was standard and was just the right amount.  The rice was a STANDOUT....super fluffy but in need of a little more seasoning.  My husband's souvlaki pita was tasty, the meat was lean, moist and cut in perfect sizes for the wrap.  Fries were standard with a slight sprinkle of parmesan and parsley.Deco was a little weird...........a map of Manzanillo Mexico in a Greek place was a little weird not to mention the Asian/Chinese art on the tables.  Television was quite loud and obtrusive, maybe a little mood music would be a better choice at night.  The service was really slow, they have been open a couple weeks now so maybe they are still getting the feel for the layout.  It was super clean, a positive for me :)I may go back in at lunch time perhaps to try out another dish.  I am really hopeful that they are able to maintain and stay open as every other establishment in this corner has closed previously.
4	I ordered a gyro platter as take out on my way home from work. I had to wait what I thought was a pretty reasonable amount of time. The meat was ok. But the rice... Amazing. It was yellow, fluffy and I think I tasted a hint of mint in the mix of flavor? I was going to save some for later because I got so much, but ended up finishing it 10 minutes later.It's the food-related details that make this a place to support. The fresh-tasting red onion and tzatziki (and the warm flatbread) were an excellent compliment to the meat, which, again, was just ok. The fries were well-seasoned and well-cooked (and there were plenty of them.) I will probably try the salad next time, though, because fries overall don't really travel well.On a whim, I decided to try a piece of the baklava. It's a better price than I had seen around. Trying to cut into it with a fork had me a bit worried; it was a bit tough. The taste, however, was GREAT. Just the right amount if sweet to finish off a dinner. I'll definitely return.
4	Friendly staff. Quick service (order taken as soon as I got to counter - food delivered to table in under 5 minutes.) Pretty standard quality ... but that's OK (we got exactly what we expected to get.) We'll be back.
4	As a gyro lover I have to say YUMMY & TASTY! Over-stuffed, just the way I like'em! The only drawback here is that they keep it cold in their restaurant. Bring a jacket,
2	Much better Greek places in the vicinity that are worth the extra few miles. The service was prompt and courteous but that only does so much if your food isn't great! I got the chicken gyro with fries. The chicken was extremely dry with little flavor and only came with a small amount of sauce. The fries seemed a bit undercooked but I did enjoy the Parmesan dusting. I may return again to give them a second chance but wouldn't recommend them to anyone.
5	Great food, and reasonable price! Real Greek family run. Authentic!
4	We have been here twice. The lady at the counter is not welcoming. It seemed like a bother for her to take our order both times. The falafel pita, dolmas and fish were excellent though. It's a very open and bright restaurant. We didn't like the hummus here. It had something pink on top of it and tasted very odd.
4	The wife and I have eaten here a few times. I know they had a few issues at the beginning trying to get it all running smoothly, but they seem to have gotten it together. One of the getter Mediterranean style food places I have had in this area. We have tried multiple items on the menu and have not had a bad experience with any of it. Service is fast and friendly.
4	The food was good here.  The service was okay.  The atmosphere could use some work, but it is a basic Gyro shop.
5	Very good food.  First time there and will definitely return.  Gyro meet melted in our mouths and the pita bread was warm & fresh.  The people there were very cordial and welcoming.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	I love this place even more now. I ordered the wrong veggie pita and they fixed it for me!!!!!!  I had been dying for the grilled veggie pita and I hadn't had it in at least a month.  I guess they also have a veggie pita that is more like a salad pita with hummus.  I ordered the latter without realizing my mistake.  The owner brought it over to my table (that's right, the owners literally bring your food out to you) and when he realized my mistake, without hesitation, said he would fix it.  He made my day!  The pita was as delicious as ever!!!!
5	Had the Gyro with a Greek salad, humus, and some dolmas.  Yum!  Pita bread was very soft and warm.  Salad was fresh.  And he said the dolmas were homemade and they tasted very good.  We will be back.
4	A really great place to stop and get a bite to eat!  Friendly service and decent portions!  Try the desserts!
5	This place is fantastic. The food is really good. I always get the gyro. The salad is great. Hummus is ok. Pitas are warm and delicious. It is small, sort of mom and pop. Yummy!
5	Tried Gyro House for the first time today.  I really liked it and will be back.  I had a  gyro it was very good with salad which was  also very good.  I also tried the falafel which I loved.  The restaurant is clean. That is a plus in my book.
5	Gyro House was a hit! We had Original Gyros with Greek salads and they were delicious! The service was excellent, servings were large and prices reasonable. We were too full for desert but brought baklava home for a midnight snack. I can't say enough good things about this place!
5	Great gyros! And that means a lot because there are several places out there that don't make good gyros.I really love the owner too, he is so sweet and always makes us feel welcome. If you want true authentic Greek food come here!
4	What a wonderful surprise!! I stopped here on a whim, really hungry and not wanting to order fast food through a drive-thru. The staff was super friendly and accommodating even though I ordered for take-away. The price point is just right. I ordered the falafel pita with fries, as well as baklava. I took a bite of the baklava while I waited and it was delicious even though it was not fresh or made in-house.I drove home to eat the food and was immediately surprised at how awesome it was. Probably the best falafel I've had in the valley. They kindly put the taziki sauce in a small container so the sandwich wouldn't be soggy by the time I got home. They also did not put a million pounds of iceberg lettuce on it, like other places do. The fries were still very hot and seasoned just right!There is ZERO curb appeal and the layout is awkward, but don't let that stop you from going in. I will definitely go back!
5	Just ate their for the first time, definitely won't be my last! Greek salad with chicken is lights out.
4	This restaurant was right next to a contracting school I was taking, and I was very glad I stopped in here for lunch.  Loved my Gyro so much I had to go in the next day to take the lady's suggestion of trying the Chicken Shawarma!  You can't go wrong with either selection.Pita bread was very fresh and very tasty as well.
5	My new favorite for gyros! So, long My Big Fat Greek Restaurant! This is truly authentic food. I haven't had this good of shawarma since I was in Turkey.
3	The food is great the service is very slow you better plan on having about 20 minutes to wait for your food.  Other then that it's good food
4	The food is pretty good (Greek is not my fave), the prices are good, except kinda bummed the combo doesn't already come with a drink. The owner is AWESOME though. He came and talked with me and my baby girl while our food was being cooked. He was a genuine nice guy and had my daughter laughing the whole time we were waiting. I'll come here regularly just to support an owner that takes time to get to know his customers.
2	So I joined Yelp, just to write this review.  Yes, owners, I'm the person who you saw sitting in the truck with my significant other eating your food when you showed up at 830 tonight.  Even eating in our truck, we were done by 843 and out of there.  Since we got there at 8:10, it is a little odd to be told we'd have to get it to go, as it was 20 min before closing but we were hungry and had a hankering for greek. There was no black, unsweetened tea available.  Our drink cups weren't given to us until we asked anyway.  The gal working the counter was pleasant and friendly. The gyro meat is good.  tzatziki a little bland.  Did you know that rather than breaking your customer's teeth, that kalamata olives come (mostly) pitted in jars at Costco? (for the record, I scooped the first olive, not stabbed, or I'd have noticed the pit.)  I also didn't need the base of a head of romaine thrown in to my salad either. The dressing was good, and my significant other says his gyro was okay, with a good soft, pita.  Being that we were visiting from the west side of town, there's no way the food would have lasted the hour drive home.  I haven't tried the baklava yet, but that will make it home, and my teeth hurt. All in all, I think we'll stick to Opa Life when visiting the east side.
5	We still think this is the best gyro place in the valley.  The other one on Baseline has drier meat.  What I love about this place is that you can somewhat peek in the kitchen and you'll see them hand cut their chicken and also even peel their vegetables.  You can taste the quality in their food as well.They are slowly updating their look and service as you can see below.  Prices haven't increased but they are getting more and more customers which is what they deserve.I did make a comment how the owners aren't there as much (they are a cute older couple) yet the experience with one of the ladies at the register was awesome.  I stated that I was on a ver low carb diet and she recommended how to modify my meal to accommodate that.  I was just really impressed with the above and beyond service that they provided.Great food!--------------February 2013Currently my wife and I think it's the best place for gyros in the valley. Trust is we tried them all. Unfortunately the ones that we like eventually shut down and so I really hope that this doesn't happen here as well so help out yelpers!First you will always see the owners here and are here with a smile and willing to serve. (Edit: not as much anymore)We always order the gyro plate with fries. This comes with a drink as well. The fries are amazing. It's not just your typical frozen fries but they season then as well. There is plenty of meat in the gyro pitas and is cooked perfectly. One thing that's annoying is their "one refill" policy...that's ridiculous. (Edit: Not there anymore)Try it! If you have another gyro place to recommend let me know!
5	The food at this restaurant is incredible. A must try for anyone that enjoys Greek food. The staff is delightful as well.
5	Gyro meat was tender, pita was fresh and fries were hot. The owners take pride in their craft and in shows through in their food and service. Haven't ventured outside the gyro plate, but it's the best gyro I've had in the East Valley!
4	Good chicken gyro with Tatziki on side which I'm not a fan of but it was still good, just had to pour it on myself. Fast, friendly service as well. I will be back when I'm in the area.
5	Great food, and wonderful owner.  There is a lot of pride that goes into the food here.  I had a lamb gyro, and was still hungry afterwards so I ordered a Chicken Gyro to go.  This is the best $10 I've spent in a really long time.  Authentic Greek flavors at really great prices.  From now on, when I find myself near Dana Park, I'll skip the fancy mall and come here instead.
