5	i would say this is a dive bar. but it's kind of big for a dive... and it's got a pretty big patio, which doesn't really seem to be a "dive" thing. but you can bet on horses and dogs and that's pretty dive-esque.a big, four-sided bar right in the middle and shuffle board (any bar with shuffle board pretty much kicks ass) and a skill crane game. they do free texas hold 'em every weekend, and all the participants are friendly and it's a good time.they serve food, the wings are kind of awesome, but i'm not a wing connoissuer by any means. a great, cheap little bar to escape to when the usual scene gets old, i affectionately refer to it as the "Ho-Ho."
4	I would say the Horse and Hound is a dive in disguise. The off track betting, the oversized bar and piano, these are all just distractions. Underneath the rat packer exterior is a wonderful dive bar unlike any other around. The weekend poker tourneys are always a good time, and the food is bar food but they do it right. It's dropped right next door to the Clubhouse, possibly my favorite venue to see shows around town, making the H and H (I think I'm going to switch to HoHo, though, thanks, Lauren) a perfect pre-concert meeting place to grab a beer and a bite on the way.
5	I never realized that Horse & Hound was even there, right across the street from my bank, er, credit union, lending institution or whatever. I thought it was part of the ClubHouse, until my neighbor told me she was a server there and I should stop in and drink with her friends :D So I did, duh. Nothing really struck me as too great, actually. Cheap drinks, sure. Pool tables, shuffleboard and OTB. It's bright, probably one of the brightest bars that I've ever went to. Oh, and I don't mean bright because of all the ASU students either. I haven't eaten there yet, but I'm sure it will happen. Lately, it's been the first bar on my crawl, then The Derby, then....
3	Great place to catch a game, that's for sure. With big screen TVs plastered everywhere, you're sure to get a better look at the play than the referee himself. I caught a Suns game here once and had a great time. I was suppose to go next door to The Clubhouse to watch Shiny Toy Guns. Whoops. I ended up here, sipping on beer, snacking on a 'burger (it was huge!) and catching a nail-biter of a game. Definitely a cool bar with plenty of room for friends to come, sit, get their drink on and catch a game. I never noticed the shuffle board or much about the actual bar. I was, like many other patrons, sucked into the beauty of big screens.
3	This place is chaos. It does have plenty of TVs, but they are so old, nonuniform, non-HD and scattered that its hard to enjoy yourself if you are even watching just one game here.Most recently I was here for the bedlam of the 2nd half of Shaq's debut for the Suns against the Lakers. I had a hard-as-fuck time trying to get a decent seat next to a big TV that wasn't faded from a dozen years of showing horse racing or missing most of the red color palette. I recommend the owner's drive down Scottsdale (making sure not to drive over 45) to Max Sports Grille to see a proper multi-TV high def setup.I would go 2 stars on this place except it does have its virtues. Mainly shuffleboard. Although it is right in front of the largest bank of frustratingly awful big screen TVs so you are sure to annoy the hell out of a ton of people if you play during a big game.It also has some patio (with more crappy TVs), and much cheaper drinks that at its neighboring clubhouse music venue. I think I was throwing back 22 oz. Guinness at 7 dollars in between sets of the Clubhouse show I was watching which can make going to a show there much more affordable. Just as long as you don't catch a flat tire trying to escape from the adjacent parking lot that gets blocked off after 11 and then get caught going 50 mph by the photo radar on Scottsdale testing out the spare tire you just put on your car in the rain to make sure you are good to get on the highway.
3	Hit or miss. Pretty much the perfect definition of the "HoHo". My friend and I like to come before shows and for happy hour (super cheap draft beers and wells), the well drinks are usually a little weak but being so cheap I can't blame them.Tuesday's are taco day and they have some pretty decent deals. Each day of the week has a "special" as far as food goes, it's average to below average bar food.There are some games and shuffleboard as mentioned in previous reviews. TVs scattered all along the sitting area and a sizeable patio for the smokers.The bartenders are the real hit or miss part of the experience. I've been here and had great service, I've returned to have sub-par service (it wasn't very busy).All in all, if you're looking for a place to grab some cheap beers (we're talking domestics on tap) before heading into The Clubhouse or heading to somewhere else to spend the night, stop in and check it out at least once.
5	I lived behind this place for a year.  It was definitely my bar of choice.  after work every other day.  Damn i guess i am an alcohloic .. well at least im not a ragin one. haha.  This place was like cheers where everybody knows your name.  The drinks were at a reasonable price.  even on crowded nights there was always a place to sit. complete strangers would offer you to sit with them ..  it was great.  and if your deciding on munchies go with the Ying Yang Wings.. They have about 8 different flavors with ranch.  These are the best wings i have ever had NO JOKE! Better than buffalo wild wings and any other wings i have tried. on top of that you have wednesday poker. you can bet on horses and hounds, play p[ool, shuffleboard, golden tee golf, great jukebox.and this a suns bar.  The best bar in tempe,az is the HoHo.
4	i thought this was a  cool sports bar. casual, not upscale. it had a big wall of tvs. it reminded me alot of gallaghers (after gallaghers were remodeled.)  there's alot of seating and there's a separte room for off track betting with alot of seating. the food was very good. much better quality then you'd get at alot of sports bars.  the menu is very cheap for the quantity and quality of food you're getting. most menu items were between $6-$8. we ordered a crab cake sandwich which is no longer on the menu, but they'll make it for you anyway. you get two huge, quality crab cakes on buns with a side for $7.00 . i've had 2 tiny crab cakes as appetizers at black angus for 9.99 which didn't compare. these crab cakes were awsome and would cost much more as a lunch anywhere else. also ordered burgers. good flavor, lots of toppings. the service was very prompt.  however, the thing that ruined our otherwise great meal, was the management tried to rip us off on our bill, not our waitress. they charged all of us $1.50 per meal  upcharge for our sides that were suppose to be included  with our meals. the menu clearly states that our sides were included. after i pointed this out, the waitress said "our menus are old. now your sides are no longer free. and you'll have to pay for them." this was per the manager instructing her what to say. after telling her we would pay what the menu states and that's it, she took all the extra charges off the bill. i told her if they weren't free anymore, they need to tell the customer while ordering and not to just tack on extra charges hoping the customer wouldn't notice.  so, the atmosphere is fun. food is really good. just watch your bills.
5	Booze. Food. Gambling. Each is great on its own, but are awesome together.
4	When I think of sports bars I envision pitchers of beer, hamburgers, more TV's than you can count, team memorabilia, life size cardboard cutouts of Shaquille O'Neil that scare the shit out of you when you turn the corner, shoddy service, janky menus, video games, tons of dudes and the token girl who pretends to be into sports.. Horse & Hound delivered and will provide you with all of the above. Two rooms of it even.. this joint is huge! They even have one of those claw games, but instead of being full of cheapy stuffed animals or 6 year old snickers bars, there were lobsters in it. Live lobsters that you can catch and have them cook.. no I did not do this.. I had nachos instead.I am adding a star for the sheer fact that they had an area devoted to the Red Sox (Yes all you Yankee fans can unfriend me and kiss my ass), another star for the shuffleboard table. I freakin love shuffleboard with a passion.. wasn't sure why it was situated directly underneath the 17 big screens, perhaps for the attention whores out there? Whatever, bravo anyway.This place is great for all you sports fans.. literally, every sport was playing on one of the 50 TV's and they will put your game of choice on the large flat screen front and center if you ask nicely, or tip well.. Either or.P.S. Its also great for off-site betting ;o)
3	Holy shit!  They have a live lobster machine!  I thought my gf was joking about this existing, but it's real.  Now I don't know how much you would trust a lobster coming from a crane game, but it's an odd and funny touch.Yay for the cheap beers.  Something about this place seemed a little off though.  I'm not a big fan of huge sparsely decorated sports bar.  There seemed to be something missing. And I know it was a Wednesday, and that's not a normal drinking age, but I expected there to be a few more people.
4	I went here on Saturday for the Kentucky Derby with a party of 4.  I knew it was going to be packed so I went in and reserved a table a few days prior.  It was $20 to reserve a table but that money goes toward your tab.  The place is pretty sketchy and I was expecting them to "lose" the money and/or my "reservation", but to my amazement they indeed had a nice table with my name on it when I arrived on Saturday afternoon.The place was pretty busy so service wasn't exactly speedy gonzales, but it was very good considering the crowd.  Our drink orders came pretty quickly as did our food.  I had a burger and fries and it was good.  Typical bar food that was probably frozen at some point but it was pretty good nonetheless.  The prices on food/drinks are very reasonable as well.  I was surprised they didn't jack up all their prices because of the occasion.They have a ton of TVs and plenty of tables/seating.  The entire place could use some updating but I guess that is all part of the charm of a sketchy off track betting place in Tempe.  Anyway, I had fun and the entire crowd as well as the entire staff of the place was very friendly.  I would definitely return if I'm ever in the mood for some horse/dog betting action.
3	In Condor's world, there are 2 types of women: those women that can wear Lycra Daisy Duke Shorts with clingy baseball jerseys and those women who can't. Fortunately, at the Horse & Hound there a lot of women who can. I went to the H&H for obvious reasons: the Off Track Betting. There is a separate room for betting away from the Sports Bar/ Restaurant and when I peered inside, I realized there were too many people in there to whom I owed money. Companion and I settled into a table in the Sports Bar where we were greeted by the aforementioned DD Shorts Wearing Beauty (w/o a name tag alas). Now Condor is the master of decorum, but still subject to the occasional Freudian Slip. When the DD Shorts Wearing Beauty asked "What would you like?" I innocently retorted "How about 2 of you in a glass?" DD Shorts Wearing Beauty blushed and Companion whacked me over the head with the gold pointed sharp corner of the menu. Having soothed Companion with a Salty Dog and using a cold compress for my wounded head, I swept the blood off the menu and perused. Typical bar fare, but in abundance. Companion and I dined on wings, cheeseburgers and cold Miller Lite in between Companion venturing into the betting parlor on my behalf. The H&H has one of the best selection of HD TVs with sports from around the globe, including Condor's childhood game in Kuala Lampur: Rugby! As I was engrossed in a match from Hong Kong, Companion emerged from the betting parlor with a man who she said "Knew me." Knew him I did and I knew that he would remind me of the $300 I owed him from the Super Bowl bet of 2003. Carl, with a "K", also reminded me of the balance due, based on a reasonable rate of interest.. Assuring him that I could pay him if I went to the ATM at the bank on the corner, I encouraged him to sit with Companion and have a drink on me served by DD Shorts Wearing Beauty. Slipping out into the Green Cadillac El Dorado, I exited. Companion finally accepted my calls three weeks later. She said she and Carl, with a "K", hit it off at the table but were interrupted by the process server who delivered Carl, with a "K" a summons. We agreed to return to the H&H to relive the good times, but this time wearing a rather oversized hat to hide my recognize-able features.
5	It doesn't look appealing from the outside but inside it was very welcoming. Went to watch the second half of late football games a week ago sunday, and Alycia (sp?) the server was very happy to take care of me, unlike others on my trip.  She was prompt and got a very good tip when she was cut at 5, and she treated me like a friend though I didn't know her.  OTB was in next room, and I watched football and horses, and even won a little money.
4	I always find myself over here before, during, and after a concert at the Clubhouse.  I've even gone to watch my Boston teams on the big screen.  The owner is from Boston and a big time fan.  Overall, drinks are cheap, food is okay, but I always feel comfortable and at home here, lots to do.
5	My Favorite Dive in the Valley. Maria (pronounced Mahr-eya) is the best bartender around. I've been coming to the H&H for years. The food is ok, the drinks are strong and it's a come-as-you-are kind of place.
1	if loud, obnoxious, head banging music is your thing-or tiny wings that are greasy and over priced- or chicken quesadillas with no chicken is your thing, then head here. The owner is also a drunken mess and her friends are absolutely annoying. Use to be a good place, now it is nasty!
1	So the happy hour is really cheap... I can't deny that.  $2 drafts and $2.50 wells.  However that bar itself doesn't have much else to offer.  I am a really big dive bar fan and appreciate a relaxed and informal environment.  However, beyond being informal I like my dives to have some character... something distinguishing.  Unfortunately Horse and Hound totally lacks in this arena.  Its much more ghetto for its location than I was anticipating.  I was disappointed in the place...its all very obvious. Sports games on, pool tables, harsh lighting, nothing fun on the walls, very standard decorum....  Its just a place that you can have a drink in... nothing that special about it.  If I am going to pay for a drink then I am also paying for the environment I am in.... otherwise I will drink at home by the pool etc. Horse and Hound just did not cut it for me.
4	My new favorite Tuesday night hang out spot. I mean $2 You Call-Its....How can you go wrong. The place is really big with tons of space to sit, their have off track betting which is tons of fun. Ten cent betting is awesome! There are several pool tables I saw in the back and my favorite, shuffle board!!! They also have a great patio for smoking or chillin, well not really chillin right now as it is 110 outside, but soon. My boyfriends new obsession is the Lobster Claw machine.... you pay $2 and can go fishin for lobsters. Pretty funny! If you catch one you get to take 'em home. Good luck, their are slippery little suckers. haha I haven't had a chance to check out much of their menu, but it looks good. I have had the pizza (Tuesday special - two jumbo pizzas one topping for $16.99) which is pretty yummy. I can't wait to go back next Tuesday!
1	If you only knew the story behind this place. I have seen the kitchen and the food handling antics. My goodness gracious people. Beware. I can't count on my fingers and toes how many police involved stories I know about concerning the owners harassing patrons and the treatment of the employees. Look for a pathetic looking blonde-haired witch drunk at the bar, and know that she is in charge of the operation. By the way, please tip your bartender/server as they are illegally not getting paid to work. Ownership decided to cut wages of the employees and make them work for tips only. In these tough times, people nee dto make ends meet, and unfortunately they are taken advantage of by owners like these.
4	Darryl the really tall manager, he's the best! I will comeback only because of his service and the attention to details. Cheap drinks and tacos... The pizzas are good but the tacos are amazing! Try the potato ones...
1	No.  Just, no.I went here because I had a coupon for pizza (they confusingly operate a pizza joint that is really the same place but for some reason they call it Snaggle's Pizza and pretend it's different but they don't but they do but - hell, don't ask), and I was anything but impressed.I showed up right at the time they promised my pizza and ended up sitting around for over twenty minutes.  Because I had prepaid (it was on Groupon), I figured I'd better wait around to get what I paid for.  While sitting there I was treated to a pretty mundane bar experience with little in the way of atmosphere, though plenty in the way of grungy.Anyway, this review is about the separate but not really separate but separate but, well, never mind that.  This is about their pizza.  The pizza finally came after twenty minutes of waiting passed their promised time, and when I got it, it was probably the worst pizza I've ever had: including frozen pizza.  The crust was super thin, which isn't bad on its own, but it also had zero flavor (it tasted frozen and waterlogged) and was either overcooked in some areas or soggy in others.  There was virtually no sauce on the pizza, which made choking down the crust especially difficult.  As far as the toppings go, they tasted stale and previously frozen right out of the box, which would have been a bigger deal had there actually been detectable quantities of toppings on the slices.  Seriously, I could make out maybe one or two pieces of topping per slice on an extra large pizza.  Pathetic.I don't feel particularly ripped off because I got this on a $1 lunch Groupon deal, but if I had the opportunity in the future, I wouldn't even drop 100 pennies on this pizza.  When you consider their regular prices (WHICH ARE FREAKING OUTRAGEOUS), this place is a complete bust.
