4	the sandwiches here are good, but they're just not great. I think I just don't like their offerings, and honestly I don't want to create my own. I will say that Earthquake chips are absolutley amazing, and I recommend you have them as soon as possible.
5	This place beats anyother sandwich store.  The lady was so helpful (u can't miss her, she greets u coming in, has a pierced lip, & gives samples of what she can...she made it 5 stars)The best part of the food was the homemade recipes, they take the ordinary ie tuna & spice it up, add mango chetney. I had the turkey with glazed pecans & it's was great. Oh ya & it's buy1get1 after 4p. PS the homemade chili is good
2	Boardhouse Serious Sandwiches-Timber's newest experiment with 4 location across the Las Vegas Valley.First I even heard of this place was an ad I received in the mail. $2.00 off per sandwich, Buy 1 get 1 Free after 4pm and $10 off a $25 purchase on the Weekends. GREAT DEALS!!The ad had their menu printed on the back and the sandwiches all sounded quite appetizing and a little different variation than you see in most sub shops in Las Vegas.My 1st attempt at coming here I show up at 10:30 on a Sunday and they didn't open until 1 am so I went elsewhere.This time it was 4 pm on a Friday and I was hungry so I ordered 3 sandwiches to go. A Beef Dip,A BBQ Beef and a Pastrami Nami. The cashier was fantastic-very helpful,perky and informative. She said they were owned by Timbers Gaming and had been open since June 2009. Not on twitter yet but a TV commercial airing soon.The sandwiches are a little pricy $7-8 each -one size fits all.(smaller than a footlong bigger than a size inch)-one type of bread.The 1st sandwich was the beef dip. Thin roast beef , horseradish and onion. The beef was ok but not real impressive and this was the BEST of the 3 sandwiches.The 2nd sandwich was the BBQ Beef-same beef as the french dip slathered in bad bbq sauce and some onions thrown in. Nothing memorable here.The 3rd sandwich was the pastrami-It sure looked good-lots of pastrami-I only made it through half and had the WORST heartburn. It seemed like it had a TON of pepper. Too thin pastrami and it was a little dry and chewy not moist and tender like GOOD pastrami is.Overall the employees were very enthusiastic, the place had a real cool surfer vibe to it and a simple menu but it's a little too expensive and not impressive at all.It's nice to see a new place popping up in this economy but I do not have alot of hope for this place -especially this location. MOST of the customers will be college kids looking to eat cheap and Port Of Subs is nearby.
4	Stopped by this sandwich shop yesterday for a quick bite before class and was greeted by the friendliest gal you'll ever meet.  She really gets customer service.  She asked if it was my first time there and when I mentioned it was she explained a couple of their most popular sandwiches.  I ended up choosing their veggie sandwich on wheat which was tasty.  I like how they put some type of see on it in the spread which gave it a nice crunch.  The bread was a tad disappointing as that's usually the best part about coming to small sandwich purveyors but nothing that impacted the overall quality.The place is spacious and very clean.  Like I said, that one gal working there made the experience.  I probably would have given  the place 3 stars but when you hire good people that's worth a little extra in my book.  They also gave me a frequent diner card? that they said accumulates every time I eat there and you can trade in your balances on any occasion for discounts or free sandwiches.  Overall not a bad option for a quick and tasty lunch by UNLV.
4	By far... this place kicks ass when it comes to great sandwiches in and around the UNLV area. Although the prices are a a bit high, they do make up for it in sheer size. Mind you, this is not exactly the place to come if your on a diet as these sandwiches (at least the ones I order) would make any personal trainer wince. Between this place and capriotti's across the street, they have the sandwich market around UNLV pretty well covered.
3	Boardhouse is definitely a deal if you get the buy one get one free on Sundays or certain weekday hours.The Delmar was the first sandwich I ordered. Turkey, cranberry sauce and candied pecans along with some cream cheese made it a pretty yummy sandwich and a good deal.The portabella mozz one looks delicious, and looking forward to trying it for myself.I ordered the french dip once also, but it wasn't that great. Beef was overcooked and dry and the dip is a little too thin-not really the au jus flavor you are looking for. I know, you're thinking I'm crazy for hoping for a good beef dip at a sandwich shop...but I thought they were "Serious Sandwiches."Service is super friendly, and everyone who works there loves recommending sandwiches if you can't make up your mind so works for me. For now.
2	I had the club sub here, a pretty unamazing sandwich.  The turkey was dry, standard shredded lettuce, and I asked for avocado but got a thin layer of green spread.  I did like that the bread was warm and toasty.  Don't count on your AMEX card working here either-I'm not connected with AMEX or anything but didn't like the cashier's shrill tone when she said they only take Visa or Mastercard.
5	I tried Boardhouse for the first time today due to fantastic reviews on yelp and...they were right!!! This place has delicious sammiches! I had the Charlie Tuna, and while it was quite tasty it didn't have the mango chutney on it (hence the 4 stars). That was a little disappointing as that is the whole reason I got the sandwich...but alas, mangoes probably aren't in season right now. My co-worker got the Chicken Bruschetta and said it was basically life-changing (okay, so he didn't REALLY say that...but he acted like it). I got the coleslaw too and that was a little on the bland side, not bad per se, but not full of flavor. All in all I would say this place is fantastic and a definite must to try (I patronized the Boardhouse located on Craig in North Las Vegas)...you won't be disappointed.UPDATE (25 AUG): Got the Charlie Tuna again...this time it had the mango chutney and it was AWESOME!! Definitely a perfect flavor to off set the saltiness of the tuna...unfortunately the bread was different this time. It was on whole wheat loaf bread, as opposed to the hoagie type wheat bread (which was WAY better btw)...either way - a MUST try! OH, and lest I forget, they have a rewards card that allows you to earn "cash" towards sandwiches every time you order!!OH - so I finally figured out that when you get the short board combo for the tuna it comes on the sub roll, not when you order just the sandwich. Also, if you ARE getting the short board combo you have to ASK for the mango chutney (50 cent charge).
2	It was only edible because I was so hungry after class. How does a tuna sandwich have a honey BBQ sauce?? gross.... I prefer Jimmy Johns
5	Sunday is 2-for-1 sandwich deal!I love getting the Grilled Portabella sub. (minus mayo. add lettuce, tomato, jalapeno and sometimes cream cheese)My husband loves the Texas BBQ (substitute portabella instead of beef)The service is awesome and they will accommodate your substitution request to make their subs vegetarian friendly.These subs are really good. And for their Sunday deal, you cant beat it.
5	I'm surprised this place isn't more popular, though at the same time its location is a little conspicuous by campus (and I originally assumed it was a skate shop!)Went here for the first time after working out looking for a place that wasn't greasy fast-food, but then again a place that had sandwiches that were unique and different from all the other chains around the UNLV area. Hands down, this is a new favorite! They've got some very healthy conscious choices on their menu, and their sandwiches really do make up for the price you pay (usually $5-$8 for them, but you get a filling portion and they are absolutely delicious!) The California Veggie sandwich is my favorite (because you typically don't see sandwiches out there with alfalfa sprouts on them!), and of course the Sunday 2-for-1 sandwich deal is pretty unbeatable for great sandwiches like these!Highly recommended for those looking to stray away from all the typical fast food restaurants out there. This place is quick, a nice sit down for lunch, and their sandwiches are unique! Service is beyond excellent!
4	I'll begin this review by saying that this is my favorite place to eat by UNLV. I know, I know.. I can hear you on the other side shouting at me saying, "What?! How can you pick a sandwich place over In-N-Out or Smashburger?!" But trust me, this place is good, and by good, I mean VERY GOOD.What makes me like this place so much, you ask?! Well, let's begin with the fact that I love beach decor, even if it's cheesy. I'm a cheesy gal. And Boardhouse has enough cheesy beach decor to make me happy. Next, the employees who work there are super, SUPER sweet. They have done a couple favors for me before (not like that, get your mind out of the gutter!) and they are funny, too! The sandwiches are a bit pricey compared to sub-par places like Subway, but reasonably priced if you factor in the excellent customer service and the large portions that you receive. I also love the fact that it's health-conscious. Many of the sandwiches come on wheat bread - a MAJOR plus for me. The first time I ever came here, I ordered the Delmar. I still have wet dreams about that sandwich to this DAY. It's a better version of the Bobbie from Cappriotti's, and that is saying a LOT for me because I love the Bobbie! The Delmar is graced by the presence of turkey, cranberry sauce, lettuce, tomato, mayo, and - get this - cream cheese.. ANDD.. - ARE YOU READY FOR THIS?! - candied pecans. Who the hell thinks of putting candied pecans and cream cheese on the same sandwich? The geniuses behind Boardhouse, that's who! This sandwich is one orgasmic explosion in your mouth. I recommend for anybody who likes the Bobbie. I can guarantee you'll also love this, if not the same, then MORE!Now, you're halfway through this review, and you're thinking.. if she loves this place so much, why did she give it only 4 stars?I'll tell you.Having been supremely impressed with the Delmar, on my next visit, I decide to try the Charlie Tuna. Mango chutney on a tuna sandwich? Get out of TOWN! (No, really, please leave. Just kidding!) But expect the UNEXPECTED.. it was delicious and I ate every delicious morsel of that sandwich. My boyfriend was eating the Cheesesteak they offer, but I was so enraptured by my tuna-of-an-orgasm in my mouth that I didn't care about his sandwich. The best part, besides the sweetness of the mango chutney, is that the tuna they have is not mayo-ed down that much at all, compared to the tuna Subway has or the tuna your mom makes (ZING!). But the sad part is... they don't offer the mango chutney anymore. Boo. So, that brings me to my 4 star review, because the chutney MADE that sandwich.They also have options for kids, chili, salad, cookies, and chocolate covered bananas, which are delicious. I haven't cared enough to try the other sandwiches because the Charlie Tuna won me over every time, but from what my boyfriend says, the others are excellent. He gets a new one every visit. But since they don't offer mango chutney anymore, I'll be exploring the menu more. All in all, Boardhouse is a definite MUST for lunch if you're in the UNLV area.
2	A sandwich joint that relies on it's faux socal surfer vibe to makeup for it's good but overpriced sandwiches. I'm not sure what's so socal about this place that would separate itself from Capriottis and Subway. Besides the sandwiches with avocado (San Diego staple, y'all!), "California" veggie sandwich, and chips from California. It's like any other sandwich place. I wished they had more seafood inspired sandwiches (except for tuna) or a surf and turf sandwich would've been cool. Prices are on the high side, too. $8 for half sandwich, chips, and drink. I'm a cheap college student, duh. I would comeback if they had more specials, otherwise I'll be at Stephano's.
2	I almost hate to do this after seeing how many good reviews they are receiving, but I'm not a fan.I'll start with what I like - the service and the concept.  1. Both members of the staff were helpful and efficient and gave me recommendations and extra service.  They brought the food to the table and even brought extras which most places would charge you for - extra cheese and cucumbers.2. The concept is good.  Thick cut veggies, hot and cold sandwiches, a variety of breads.  Soups and chili, too.After this I'm not impressed.Part of my problem with this place is that the quality of the ingredients, at least on the day and location, were not particularly good for a custom/"Serious" sandwich shop.  I ordered the Turkado sandwich, which had turkey, mayo, shredded iceberg, creamed avocado, and swiss - I substituted cucumbers for the listed tomatoes and red onions - and a cup of the chili with cheese.  The chili was actually pretty good, and I did enjoy it.When I got the sandwich, it looked great, but after a couple of bites I found the combination rather bland - I guess, what do you expect when all of the components are basically the same color?  I found the avocado was pretty gummy and the turkey was dry - it seemed like they tried to use a roasted turkey, but the effect was dry.  Also, I found the sourdough bread to be more akin to plain white bread than the good stuff that made San Francisco bakeries famous.  It wasn't sour and was far too mushy.  If toasted, the bread could have handled the rest of the sandwich, but, as it was, the bread collapsed during eating.  I think it also contributed to the sandwich not holding together better.I tried salting the sandwich, but with the mound of poor quality lettuce, there wasn't much hope.I'd consider giving it a try again, maybe having one of the cooked sandwiches that seem to be the rage with many the reviewers here, but I'd rather have a Jimmy John's.
1	After working there I know that this company only cares about saving a buck. Recently bought out by a huge corporate name they have done everything they can to save money i.e cutting portion size down completely offering the half sandwich for nearly the price of a whole and saving product well after the expiration date. They have been shut down by the health department numerous times one time for raw sewage backing up on to the store including vents and sanitizer sinks but still continued to operate. Also there is nothing truly vegitarian here becuase everything is processed on and around meat products. they have never followed proper temp procedures and most of the day their line coolers are running around 60-80 degrees because they do not properly cool. If you eat here and get sick you will know why.
5	A bit pricey for a full meal but the chicken bruschetta is the best!
2	This place is fine if your in the area and want a sandwich and dont want to walk or drive anywhere else.... and possibly not wanting much of anything better.I was taken here by a co worker and the food was pretty ... bland i guess?   Bread was nothing special the tuna sandwich was unflavorful and i tried a bite of my friends turkado and that was just like flavored blah in bread?  The one thing i can say was unique and cool about the place is they have chocolate covered frozen bananas.  Which is a pretty unique treat in it's own in vegas.  But not enough to make up for the expensive poor taste in sandwiches.  I vote skip this place and drive to cap's and get a bobbie sandwich around the corner near hard rock.
1	And here we go.Came in here today with a friend looking for some serious sandwiches. Instead, we received seriously cruddy service and retardedly bland food.Friend ordered a whole Turkado for "here" and a whole Delmar "to go" for her hubby. I ordered a whole Turkado for "here" and a cup of soup "to go". Simple.First she brought to the table 1 half a Turkado. We both looked at our receipts confused and confirmed we both ordered whole sandwiches. We let the girl know and she brought out another half. Confused still we told her we're both still missing a half a sandwich and while waiting starting eating our halves. We both agreed that they tasted extremely bland and was made very sloppy. She than brings another half a Turkado and assures us this equals up to 2 whole sandwiches. No.She comes back but now with 2 whole sandwiches and tells us that they belong to us until another coworker comes snatching them from the table saying they don't belong to us. Than comes the Delmar which was not wrapped up to go along with another whole Turkado which we switch with one of our untouched halves. This suggestion made her hesitant to actually give us exactly what we ordered. No people we're not attempting to fool you. We just wanted what we paid for. Now that we had our sandwiches I tell them I also ordered a cup of soup to go. Frustrated she tells me she brought it out a while ago and I told her that I didn't want it. What?? When did this happen and why would I turn away a cup of soup I paid for? Finally she brought that stupid cup of soup, dropped a spoon into it and walked away. Really? I walked up to the counter and asked for a lid for my soup and to have the Delmar wrapped to go.Through this whole experience I said thank you when the sandwich came, when my soup arrived, and even when they handed me the lid at the very end. At no point was there ever an apology. They actually treated it as if it was our fault all these problems were occurring. It was busy but not enough for the whole experience here to go to crap.In conclusion, pick somewhere that doesn't treat it's customers like shit.
4	This October they had a buy one get one free sandwich deal, so my partner and I went a few times. I really liked their California veggie sandwich, which had delightfully unexpected sunflower seeds.My spouse had assorted chicken sandwiches as well as the Charlie Tuna sub and really liked those. I didn't try the chocolate dipped banana but I will in the future, because it reminds me of Arrested Development so much.The staff is always friendly, and their reward card is a plus!
