4	I've always loved this spot, its location on busy St. Laurent, its windows wide open in the summertime, its DJs spinning lounge-y, funky house, the free wireless, the good cafe lattes, the lunch specials, the sitting for hours and reading. I try to hang out here whenever I'm in town.
3	I have only been here twice, once for brunch and another for a quick glass of afternoon beer while waiting for a friend. The set up its simple and it seems there is a lot of regulars. Young and hipster of Montreal that seem to know each other including the staff.Brunch was great, the food is tasty and you can taste the fresh ingredient. I enjoyed it very much and would like to come back.
5	Very booster spot but gosh check out their breakfast specials. Make the guy take the board of the wall and bring it to your table. You will love their breakfast creativity. Don't forget to stop by the international presse shop next door on your way out - I found Mongolian fashion magazines there, beat that.
3	Brunched here with some friends. While the food was good (nice twist to traditional breakfast fare) the service was atrocious.
3	Service is always spacey but sexy, food and beer are fine and reasonably priced, free wifi, nice sunken spot with giant windows on St Laurent corner  Duluth (lovely) with constantly great music from local djs. Bonus, sit here for hours drinking coffee or beer, no one will bother you.
4	One of my favorite spots in the city to mix eating and drinking with work. It's easy to stay there all day. It's warm and the music is nice - usually techno house beats. A really great spot for meetings, too.Staff is nice - they don't bug you and they seem fine with you staying there for hours though they seem to wonder wtf people do on their laptops all day long.
4	Relaxed, unpretentious, and friendly...
5	This is my favorite place in town. Either for drinks with friends to the tune of any of the great DJs or for a little work session in the afternoon. The food is always very good, if a bit pricey. Try the soups if you're on a budget, they're always great. I love their grilled cheese remixed and the daily specials are always creative. The bar service is impeccable.
4	Laika has always been cool. It's never had a decrease in crowd quality like most of Montreal's nightlife spots. When you go to Laika, you can expect consistency - up-beat electro music mixed by a live DJ starting around 10pm, a short menu of very decent food valid until 10pm, and tasty drinks made by a bartender that clearly respects his ingredients.Laika is simple, and that's exactly what I like about it. It's not trying, it just "is". The waitress might not be the most experienced at opening bottles of Prosecco but she makes up for it with sweetness. The bartender won't make you the complicated drink that's currently trending around town but he'll make you a damn good classic cocktail. The DJ has fun doing his thing and moving to the music. People are hanging and talking over mixed drinks and beer (and, our case, Prosecco - $34) and there's likely someone tucked away in a corner typing away at a project that's surely super artsy. And that's all ok. Everyone's doing their own thing. And yes, it is a hipster hangout, but even the hipsters at Laika don't feel like they have to prove their hipsterdom to the world around them- they just seem to want to have a good time with their friends. Cheers to that.I just have one criticism - the 10pm cutoff for ordering food is ridiculously strictly reinforced. I tried to order a cheese plate at 10:08pm and was told I was too late by what seemed to be a manager. Really? Relax, buddy. Have a drink.Despite that surprising mini let-down, I like Laika. I'm glad it's only a fifteen minute walk from my place. And in the summer? Snag a seat on their fun and totally intrusive sidewalk terrasse to enjoy the great people-watching. You want a chill night somewhere that's more than just a relaxed bar? Laika.Music 8/10, Pretty people (lotsofbeards) 8/10, Service 7.5/10, Drinks 9/10Pictures: http://www.belledenuitmontreal.com/posts/laika/
5	This wonderful lounge based in what seems like the heart of the coolest centre of Montreal (st laurent) was always one of my favorite places....I remember being there 10 years ago and enjoying its atmosphere and crowd.Recently revisited there with a few friends over a few days of a  week in August. The place still has a great atmosphere and incredible food. We ate at bruncha and dinner and lunch. All the food specials were great. My favorite being the brunch menu with its inspiring avocado infused dishes/omelettes Great patio seating too right on st laurent. You can people watch all day while sipping on a Tom Collins or a Vodka and Soda
4	Great atmosphere.Beer prices are decent compared to other places in MTL. And keep in mind that there is a live Dj playing. So, thumbs up!
5	Stopped by Laika there around 11pm one Saturday night went for an espresso after dining out with a friend. It was my first visit and definitely will be back as the atmosphere and espresso were amazing! The astmosphere is cozy, cool, laid back yet rockin at the same time and there are really great large windows up front that add to the ambiance The service was top notch even though Laika was quite packed at that hour on a Saturday night.Looking forward to stopping by on a weekend for brunch as well.
3	I didn't eat or drink anything here, so I can only comment on the atmosphere, which to me was a very average attempt at being hip. Definitely a relaxed spot, which I like, but there was nothing going on here. It's not the easiest thing to review a place like this on a Monday night. I'll have to give it another shot some other time.
4	Wonderful brunch. Service was decent, but the food was quite special. Far from a typical eggs & bacon breakfast, the poached egg dishes were great, and the coffee was strong. A great price (around 13 dollars for the dish), and I will definitely be going back.
5	This restaurant is tucked into a larger commercial building.  The space includes a picture window opening onto St. Lawrence, and stretches into a long narrow space.  I sat directly at the bar, by myself, where the dishwasher competed with the music to see which machine was the loudest.I ordered the roast beef sandwich.  The sandwich was piled up with thin slices of beef, roasted red peppers, and some cheese.  It was then squished in a panini press and served piping hot.  I asked for the mustard to be omitted, and it was.  There was a small cup of very tiny, very sour dill gherkins beside the sandwich.  I ate one, I am not a fan of dill pickles but the sourness was a nice accompaniment.
4	My husband and I are on a search for the city's finest Caesar (the drink, not the salad).  One day after walking up the mountain we decided to sit outside along the Main and people watch and order a couple caesars.  Our waiter promptly came out and asked up how we'd like it, medium or medium-rare, which I thought was pretty clever.  We got sssspicy.  It was pretty good.  7.5/10  I would have given it an 8 or 8.5/10 IF they had included a garnish other than lemon.  To me a Caesar isn't a Caesar unless it comes with something pickled, meaty or at the very least, y'all, a stalk of celery.  We didn't eat, but my husband has tried the lamb meatballs before and mentioned them to me on numerous occasions, so clearly they were memorable to him.
2	In my opinion, this place has always been overrated. Service is often lukewarm, and the food definitely leaves something to be desired. The menu is generally unimaginative, and the quality is very inconsistent.In general, Laika seems to subsist off of its location, being a convenient place for people to meet for a drink, quick bite, or casual brunch (I've *never* felt rushed by the staff to clear my table).However, if you're really into electronic music, they often have a live DJ, which makes for a nice ambiance if you're into that kind of thing.
2	I was excited for the brunch here as it looks delicious... But after 41 minutes of waiting I am getting hangry. Also, where is my Caesar??UPDATE: The brunch was really tasty and well made... But the 1 hour wait for our food was really unacceptable. The waiter did not check in with us for so long and said that the receipt did not print to the kitchen - understandable but how long does a table wait for a check in/food? Surely not 40 minutes until we have to go UP and ask about it. A round of drinks was bought for us but... Would not recommend no matter how good the food is.
3	Came here for drinks after dinner. It's a bit loungy, but it was a cool atmosphere. We were seated right in front of a DJ, and I felt like I could hear the soundtrack of my life playing... because it was so loud. Still, good beer and good ambience.
4	Laika is generally delicious food and excellent service. I ordered the crepes with braised ham and aged cheddar. Yum!
3	Extremely bad service!!We were specifically told it was because we ordered Montreal a table special menu we could actually eat there.Food and music were A1 though...
