4	Matt's Chicago Dog is a great lunch spot. The Chicago-style hot dogs are done well, but I often find myself getting the grilled chicken sandwich and fries (which are the perfect level of greasy and salty). Plus, it's affordable. Lunch normally runs me $7 or $8. Matt's is often packed with Wachovia employees at lunchtime. If you've got a flexible schedule, I'd go there around 11:30 or 1:30 to avoid the rush.
4	I was in Uptown for an all-day meeting and looking for someplace to go on my lunch break.  I decided to give Matt's Chicago Dog a try because I've always noticed the crowds, I love hot dogs, and I love Chicago (I'm a sucker for marketing).  The menu was a lot more extensive than I was expecting and I felt a bit overwhelmed, like being the new kid coming into a school halfway through the year.  Everyone walking in knew what they wanted and how to order.  I, on the other hand, felt like I had to go back to Ordering Food 101.  The guy behind the counter was very friendly and accommodating, though, and walked me through the process.  I still felt stupid, but at least I got to order.  Finding a place to sit was the biggest challenge.  The place fills up during lunch.  Luckily, hot dogs (and other similar items) are usually quick to eat, so people don't stay seated for very long.  The atmosphere doesn't pretend to be a place for "hanging out" and talking anyway, so you want to eat and go.  The people working there definitely have a good process, but you still have to wait a little while for your food, as everything's freshly made.  And with the menu and the list of toppings being so extensive, no two things coming out are probably alike.  I got my polish sausage and fries in good time, though, and enjoyed them immensely.  I just wish we had someplace like Matt's near MY workplace, as I'd like to try a lot more on the cheaply priced menu!
4	Dropped in for lunch on a Saturday.  Was relatively crowded, but I was able to order quickly with my food coming out a few minutes later.  I ordered the Chicago Dog all the way and a brat.  The relish was bright green, so I was a little taken aback by it.  I gave it a shot, but it ultimately was not my taste, so it was banished to the serving container....  The remainder of the hot dog was really good though. The brat - Nothing to write home about.  It was OK.  Not as good as a beer brat from home.  I would skip that one and just get 2 Chicago Dogs instead.If you're looking for a hot dog in Chicago, Matt's is the place to get it!
4	Matt's Chicago Dogs are delish!  I love going there, parking is a pain, you can park in the lot at the greenway, but it is $4 for 30 mins or something crazy like that.  I drive past it and park in front of the Duke energy building at a meter and walk in for my fix.  The hot dogs are great, you can tell they take pride when they serve their food.  French fries are always hot and they have good sweet tea.  Now that is an extra bonus!!  I will rate Matt's Ch. Dogs, three corndogs.
4	I love a good dog.  Matt's Chicago dogs always look and taste very fresh. They have a broad variety of sandwiches, burgers, etc. but I only go for the hot dogs. Pleasant setting by an artsy greenbelt/park tucked between bldgs in Uptown. I make a point to have lunch there on my fairly frequent visits to Charlotte.
5	Great Chicago style dogs and Italian beef - just as good as anything you can get from Portillo's!Been going to Matt's ever since they opened their first store up in Cornelius and been going to the one in Uptown Charlotte since they opened.Great food, great people at a great price!
4	I popped in here for a quick bite cause who's not a fan of hot dogs??I took a quick gander at the menu board and after closing my mouth and wiping the drool, I set my mind on the Carolina Dog (chili, mustard, onions and cole slaw).It was ready within a minute and it was more than I had asked for.  the bun tasted fresh to the point that if it were warm I could've been convinced it just came out of the oven.  the hot dog had a good snap to it but was still tender.  The cole slaw was tasty but a the cabbage, and carrots could've been cut a little smaller.  Same with the onions.  Overall it was a great hot dog.  i'll definitely stop in again before I leave Charlotte.
4	I am going to keep my rating four stars simply because I love their Chicago dogs, but Matt, do not serve me limpdick french fries ever again or else.
4	Love me a hot dog; especially Chicago dog. What makes a hot dog a true Chicago dog...well let me tell you. Steamed or water-simmered, kosher-style, all-beef frankfurter on a poppy seed bun. The hot dog is topped with yellow mustard, chopped white onions, sweet pickle relish, a dill pickle spear, tomato slices, pickled sport peppers, and a dash of celery salt. NEVER, NEVER has ketchup. That's like putting ketchup on a Brat...absolute no, no :) Matt's, also located in Cornelius is great for a quick pit stop. They also have burgers, salads, Italian beef, etc. You can get everything "Carolina style" too if you're so inclined. Located on The Green near Aquavina. Great outdoor seating on a nice day!
4	I love Chicago hot dogs. I have loved them since I was a wee girl. Therefore, any place that makes a real deal, Vienna beef, loaded Chicago dog is aces in my book. Is Matt's the best Chicago dog I've ever had? No. Is Matt's the best Chicago dog in Charlotte? Maybe. For those who are not up to speed on a traditional Chicago dog, it consists of: an all beef frank, onions, uber green relish, yellow mustard, sport peppers, tomato and a pickle spear hugged into a poppy seed bun. Matt's definitely delivers on these components. The dog was a bit snappy, like I enjoy, and all the condiments were fresh and tasty. The Hot Dog Meal Deal (#1) came with the loaded Chicago dog, a drink and your choice of fries or chips for $6.22. I went with the fries and I have to say, I was a little bit disappointed...they were a little smushy. You can also read Tonya's most recent review on her description of the fries. Regardless though, I enjoyed my hot dog so much that I will overlook the limp fries. I definitely want to come back and try a few other menu items...I see a cheesy beef in my future.
4	I don't know why I never visited Matt's Chicago Dogs before seeing I work a few blocks away from there and everything on their menu looks delish.  So many hot dog selections and combinations to get I was in information overload. Being a first timer I though it was appropriate got the Chicago Style Dog combo. I've never had a hot dog topped with peppers and tomatoes before so that was a bit funky.....but good kinda funky. As others have said, the fries were mushy and soft but I am equal opportunity when it comes to fried potatoes and will eat whatever you put in front of me. $6 something for a lunch combo with side (fries or chips) and drink (free refills-holla!) is a great deal in my eyes and you can eat outside if the weather is nice. When I went in for a refill, I noticed the Wunder Bar---chocolate covered cheesecake on a stick. I will most definitely be back for that after another tasty dog.
4	Chicago is only minutes away from uptown Charlotte.  Didn't you know that?  Well, Matt's Chicago hot dogs were as close to authentic as you are going to get in North Carolina.  Chicago Dog Ingredients: Check Restaurant Ambiance: Excellent (Check)Outdoor Seating in a Park: CheckGoing back for many more hotdogs:  CHECK!!They also offer combos so you can wash down the dog with some delicious fries and a soda.  There are several other options besides the Chicago dog if you are feeling adventurous.  They also offer burgers etc etc.  I haven't tried the burgers yet and it may be a while because I'm going to keep getting the dogs.  I love hot dogs.  Enjoy!!-Ian M.
3	You know what it's like when you just don't know what to say?  This is one of those times.  You see, I'm often wondering if my mom is going to slap me for not saying anything nice and then bitch-slap me for never listening.  Or something.  I really wasn't paying attention.Or maybe it is not that bad.  There are, after all, nice things to say about Matt's.  But there are spotty areas as well.First the good...The decor is marvelous (insert mid-80s Fernando accent via Billy Crystal here).  They have a decent number of seats, the outdoor seating is second-to-none - but you can bring your own lunch and get that, so it's not really specific to Matt's.And the not-so-good...The menu selection is immense.  So much so that you'll want to go when the place isn't crowded so that you have a reasonable chance of looking it over before ordering so as not to get in the way of anyone else.  That generally doesn't happen in most hot dog stands, either on the street or indoors because you have about two choices: All the way or plain, where you add your own condiments.And the rest...Though you can find Italian Beef and Chicago-style dogs in the same place, you don't always want to.  Focus on your specialty.  And that's the real problem here.  There is so much going on - visually and on the grill - that they don't seem to do anything really well.Though the staff is nice enough, and food is decent, it's just not that great.  Fries are limp.  House-made chips are nice and thin, but they are so thin that they can't support anything (dressing, chili leavings from dogs, not even the crunch from the fryer).  Dogs are average.I would much rather get a dog from Green's, or maybe Hap's, both of which have that awesome hot dog counter vibe and make me want more.  Matt?  Not so much.
4	Ahhhhhh. The neon green relish. The crisp, fresh pickle and tomato. The poppyseed bun. The real Vienna beef dog... well, it was a bit soft but in general the food here to me says west 35th, 55th off the Dan Ryan, or even 95th and Ewing if you know what I mean. They've got the lingo. Fresh cut fries, pizza puffs. Sadly the decor to me says something more like Fullerton and Clark. It's just a little too nice. I know that's a strange complaint. The tables and chairs look right, but that glass-and-brass sneezeguard and the tasteful mural... eh. Its just not tacky enough. I want to see posters of thick eyebrowed women holding up kronos gyros. I digress. Tasteful decor is not a dealbreaker though. I'm sure I'll be back.
4	Mmm hmm it rivals red hot lovers of Ann Arbor, Michigan. I love a good chicago dog no matter where it came from and Matt knows how to make a good dog.
3	Working in uptown Charlotte you won't find a lot of places with out door seating without paying paying more then $10 for lunch. Dean and Deluca is a good example of that. Matt's is nice because it's located right on the green and only a few blocks from Trade and Tryon.  The good: Burgers, hot dogs, milk shakes, and hand dipped ice cream. One of the only places in uptown you'll find a corn dog. Great combos! Matt runs the register which it's nice to be reminded that there are still family run businesses doing well. The bad: Fries are a little mushy and greasy for my taste. There always seems to be a little bit of a confusion when you try and get your food from the counter. They'll call your number and you pick up your food with no problem, but they only have a small tiny area for straws, napkins and lids for your drinks, so if everyone else is trying to get those items it turns into bumper to bumper traffic and can become frustrating.
4	Matt's is a great stop for lunch. I have been here many times and always had great fast service. Contrary to their name, they serve food other than hot dogs...actually I think the majority is something other than a hot dog. I have had the cheese burger which is good, better than fast food. The homemade chips with a side of ranch are amazing! I have other friends that have tried other items and love them. This is a must have stop in our lunch rotation.On the healthier side, they have an apple blue cheese salad that is AWESOME. It has huge slices of apple, pecans, blue cheese crumbles, and romaine lettuce with a balsamic dressing. It is one of the best salads downtown!
4	Although the hot dogs are good, I usually end up getting the Italian cheesy beef thing dipped in its own juice... It comes loaded with meat and never fails to fill you up. Sit outside with a side homemade chips and you'll definitely get your money's worth.
4	great dogs for under $4.  The dogs were a little skinny, so get the double dog if you are hungry.
4	I stopped at Matt's for a quick bite while attending a conference.  The location was perfect -- close to the convention center, yet not right in the middle of all of the hubub.  The park was pleasant to walk next to while heading over, but  I was glad to have someone with me who had been there before.While ordering, the staff was polite and friendly, noting our convention badges and asking where we were from.  They recognized the members of our group that had been there the previous day.  I ordered the two corn-dog combo; others in my group ordered the hot dog combo and the burger combo.  The fries were piping hot and perfectly seasoned.  Our corn-dogs were the perfect combination of golden batter and awesome dog, and the burger and regular dogs were gone before I could ask the others how they were :)  The ketchup on the table was a little low, but I think we were there just after the lunch rush, so that was understandable.By the time I was ready for a refill on my diet coke before heading out, there was a small line at the register.  The cashier waved me to the front of the line when he saw my cup, so I didn't have to wait while others ordered -- I was highly surprised, and very thankful for his consideration.  I wish more restaurants did that.One of the earlier reviewers mentioned confusion with picking up baskets right next to the utensil area -- when I visited, there was a young woman running food out (she called the number and waited for the correct person to raise their hands).  It seemed to work much better than having customers pick up their order.  I would definitely recommend Matt's Chicago Dog for anyone in the area.
4	my gosh! should be a 4.5 After having an extended stay in NC, in Charlotte. friends of my parents kept tell us to go there. Eventually (and now i regret not going right away) we got there. My brother and I t walked the 1.5 blocks from the Westin to Matts. my brother got 3 dogs w/ mustard and I got the Char-dog and cheese fries. Just thinking about it now, makes me want to cry, the char was PERFECt. I thought it might be too much, but it was spot on. The regular dogs were great too. I really enjoyed the cheese fries as well. I am a fan of the "liquid nacho cheese" on occasion, but this tasted like and had the consistency of cheddar and was GREAT!!!! The staff were polite but seemed preoccupied, but that doesn't bother me, just noticed. Although it was odd that several business people did kind of walk past the counter and get their drinks. Weird, but hey, maybe it was Matt. Overall, coming from a NY-er where the hot dogs, pizza, and bagels are always the best, this was on my top 3 fave, a MUST for every trip to NC from now on.
4	Having grown up close to Chicago I was skeptical of this place could make a good Chicago style dog.  However, seeing this was my only option to fill a craving I went for it.  Very good dog and the Carolina dog was on par and perhaps even better.  If visiting Charlotte, go early or later than 1200-1300 to avoid the long lines
3	i've been here a few times. I called my order in #5 (Cheesburger combo w/ fries). Once I walked in I stood in line waiting (while CHECKING IN to Yelp) to get to the counter to pick my order up. Once the line dwindled down, i said i was here to pick up an order, She said my name (made me wonder if i was the only person to call a order in... DURING LUNCH). Ok, you ordered a MUSHROOM SWISS BURGER (photo taken) w/ chips.Ummmm, NOoooo!! I ordered a number 5. Cheesebuger Combo w/ Fries & Drinkafter a brief embarrasing moment. I was offered a "Mushroom Swiss Burger". Well I didn't order it 1st of all, But I LOVE FOOD, and havn't tried it before. So i say, "sure" why not (i didn't want them to throw it away either...no one wins in that case). So i asked for Fries (as originally ordered). I was given Fries and i was able to keep the CHIPS. (cool, i've never had them b4 either) chips are pretty good.So, I get back to the office ready to tear into this burger. So... my first bite was filled with Mushrooms. Made me think, "whoever ORDERED this must REALLLLY REALLLY REALLY LIKE MUSHROOMS... it was loaded w/ them and onions. bacon, & swiss. Notta bad burger at all. I would probably get it again and ask for LIGHT MUSHROOMS. *** also, once i got to the counter the young lady told me in a motherly fashion... THE NEXT TIME U CALL IN A ORDER.... DON'T WAIT IN LINE.. JUST COME RIGHT UP. with a big smile. (that was cool, considering while IN LINE on YELP i read that was the thing to do... smh.i gotta start reading faster.. it would have saved me 3-6mins)Sooo all in all, even though i didn't get what i ordred, i was fine with the mistake made. I was more than happy with the way it was handled by the young lady. Good Job, I will be back.(kinda pricey...combo #12 is a Two Dog Combo = 8.69 --- really????)
4	I thought I was just getting a hot dog - something quick to satisfy my hunger on a cold day after the parade.  I did not go all the way with a Chicago-style dog and had only ketchup and pickles.  I have to say, halfway through, I was enjoying this hot dog.  Now that I am recalling the experience, I am looking forward to another visit when I am Uptown.  The fries (my daughter's) were not to my liking but the tea was acceptable.  The restaurant is small so stopping in before or after the lunch hour is probably a good idea if you want to get a seat.  However, on a warm and sunny day, you can sit somewhere outside in The Green.
4	Good inexpensive eats. The have ridiculous combinations for dogs and burgers and the prices are extremely fare. I will definitely return the next time I am in Charlotte.
5	I must have been in a haze of goodness that I gave a 4.5 the first time. I was recently in NC to visit my BF's family again and I dragged my boyfriend through Charlotte to all the places i went to with my family in the summer.Number one on my list was Matt's Chicago Dog. First I want to say, please open one in NY, SO GOOD. The char dog is amazing, just work every calorie and my boyfriend had the Chicago dog..... just superb!!!Keep it up Matt, its truly a great dog!!!
4	It's so cheap that it's hard to complain but I can't say this was a particularly good chicago dog. Still for 3 bucks it's a good snack/lunch and it's right next to where I work!
4	It's got the Genuine Natural Casing Vienna Dog an the Poppy Seed Bun but they are a 1/8 pound instead of the 1/6 pound so the Dog gets lost on the bun.  If Matt would pony up for the bigger dog I'd give him Five Stars. Four Stars for the dog.The fries were five stars though. Nice fresh cut wit skins still on and crispy as well.  It's more like Devil Dogs and not The Weiners Circle.It is Charlotte and not Chicago so I might be a little hard on the place. They do have Coke on Tap and Mexican Coke in the bottle.Get the bigger dogs and you can get an extra star. $7 for the small dog and fries plus drink is a bit on the high side as well.Since its about a 15 minute walk from the hotel we stay at and no car it will see me for lunch again.
4	Normally I wouldn't even think about walking into a hot dog joint, then I reviewed the menu via yelp.  Much more than just hot dogs. Chicken, burgers, chix  salad, reubens, Italian beef and even BBQ pork. My brother and I were in town for work and needed to get out into the air. Short walk from our meeting, and Matt's is located on the first floor of what appears to be a newer condominium building. The entrance is adjacent to an outside green space area with multiple other shops and eateries nearby.  Fantastic seating outside and ample table space inside.  He went for the BBQ pork and I chose the Italian beef with cheese and hot peppers ( vs sweet). Au jus on the side, a basil based sauce that perfectly complemented the hoagie. Ladies, you'll need the knife and fork provided. Don't attempt to handle this one without 'em.  Well done, Matt!
5	I love love love crossing off bookmarks and there's nothing quite like deleting one from nearly a year and a half ago. Yes, it's April 2012 and Yelp tells me that I've had Matt's bookmarked since December 2010 after reading Cassandra's ROTD. http://www.yelp.com/biz/matts-chicago-dog-charlotte#hrid:Kn7dQhdcPMfAv-UTRkQjxA. And so with my hot dog craving unsatisfied from several attempts, here I am.Popped in towards the end of the lunch hour and was able to find a seat to drop off my backpack. At the register, I went with the eponymous Chicago Dog of course. But I knew that one hot dog wouldn't fill me up, so I had a Carolina Dog to go with it. And a Diet Coke, to cancel out all those bad calories.The Chicago Dog was made almost perfectly traditionally. An all-beef hot dog on a poppy seed bun, topped with sport peppers (a little too hot for my taste, I took one bite and had to put them to the side), tomato wedges, chopped onions, yellow mustard, celery salt and that green relish that practically glowed in the dark. The only ding is that the pickle was a slice (lengthwise) rather than a spear. It doesn't matter to me personally, but a Chicago Dog connoisseur might be upset. Whatever, it tasted AWESOME.The Carolina Dog was ON THE MONEY. Also an all-beef hot dog, it was topped chili, mustard, chopped onion, and cole slaw. Messy as all get out, but I was prepared and didn't wear any of it home.After seeing the mentions of the fries, I skipped 'em. Free refills on the soda. If it's a nice day (and it was!) take it outside.Oh, and that pesky craving for hot dogs? Totally slayed.
4	My Hot Dog was good, but like many establishments these days the service was sub par. I walked up to the counter smiling ready to order, and the guy just stared at me like I was interrupting something that he had going on. I said Hi and he looked confused.....sooo before I placed my order I decided to give him some customer service 101......GREET!! I am amazed at the lack of individuals willing to at least do their jobs these days.
3	For those who aren't getting a hot dog (yes at Matt's Chicago Dog) this is a review for you. I got the chicken salad sandwich to-go for lunch which came with chips and a container of fruit. The bread was great. The filling was okay. I had no trouble eating it for lunch and was relatively filling. There's a good amount of chicken in their chicken salad so not a lot of filler. The potato chips are thinly sliced but not very flavorful (It seemed unevenly salted). I finished off the lunch with a giant chocolate chip cookie which had the right level of sweetness but a bit too hard for my tastes.
4	Born and raised in Chicago so I am happy to find a place that serves Vienna dogs and also has Italian Beef the Chicago way.  The dogs were awesome and the beef was really good except I don't like Vienna's giardiniera relish....I prefer Marconis!  If Matt's used Marconi's relish instead and was able to get the Turano bread delivered fresh, it would be a miracle!  THE FRESH CUT FRIES ARE THE BEST WAY TO EAT FRIES!  This is how we eat them in Chicago and if you don't like them this way, then get the o-rings.  :)
4	I'm a Carolina native, born and raised, but you can't get a better hot dog than a Chicago dog.  Matt's Chicago Dog is serving up authentic ingredient Chicago Dogs to the uptown area is mass quantity!  Quality is supreme and the taste does not disappoint!  The staff is friendly and professional and the establishment is always extremely clean, even during busy service.  it's somewhat of a hike for me to do for lunch (from far east Charlotte) but it's certainly worth the time!
4	really good dogs and burgers!
4	I have actually gone to Matt's Chicago Dog for lunch for 4 consecutive weeks. Great place for lunch. They have really fast service seemingly even when there is a crowd. I have made it my business to try a few different things all of the items I've had were great. My only complaint would be on the homemade fries. Be sure to check your order because you do not want them cold. Definitely plan on going back.
4	This place is awesome, best hotdogs I've had in a long time. The Carolina dog is great, fries are good, fresh cut and the staff is friendly.
4	$3.78 for the Chicago Dog or $7.35 for the Chicago Dog Combo.I'm a native from Chicago and I can verify that you will be eating a real Chicago style hot dog here. First bite in and I couldn't help but feel a twinge in my heart missing the Windy City.Too bad they only have this location and close so early each day.Somewhat cheap and very good = good lunch spot.
4	I am so hungry for one right now. I think they have some sort of deal where you can buy multiple dogs and sides for a deal. But it's a toss up what you get. I recommend buying a  Matt's Chicago Dog. Don't leave it up to chance.
4	Die hard Chicagoan here....so my expectations are somewhat "elevated" when it comes to food from my beloved hometown. Like Nicole said, is it the best Chicago dog I've ever had? Not even close. Is it the best Chicago dog in Charlotte? I say YES. They've got the traditional ingredients down pat, the Vienna beef sausage (yes, that's what a "hot dog" is.....an encased meat sausage), the neon green relish, the steamed poppy seed bun (which is the quintessential defining part of a Chicago dog), sport peppers, tomato, a pickle and MUSTARD (Chicago dogs NEVER, repeat, NEVER EVER use Ketchup!). So I got a Chicago Dog and a special called the Fire Dog today which was a spicy Polish sausage with grilled onions, brown mustard and I opted for the sauerkraut. It was a good dog, with all the flavors expected. Fries are usually good here, but my criticism is that they lack some seasonings.....hell use Lawry's Seasoned Salt or something and fry them a tad longer to get more of a crisp on them. They're not bad but certainly CAN be better!Being a lover of Portillos, Mr. Beef and Al's in Chicago, Matt's version of Chicago Beef is just meh.....sausage isn't bad but their beef just isn't flavorful enough for my tastes. I mean it's not bad, just not up to my expectation from what I remember from back home. OK now I'm being picky and critical.....me bad. For first time visitors, just know that the portions are NOT very big (at least for the dogs). Recommend getting a combo with 2 Chicago Dogs or a combo Beef/Sausage. Even the females in my group complained that one dog wasn't quite enough. Jumbo dog is also an option. They should offer a TWO DOG JUMBO combo for us bigger eaters.So overall I love Matt's as it does provide me with a LITTLE taste of home. I can only hope that SOMEONE opens up a REAL CHICAGO PIZZA place here in Charlotte....while I love thin pizza, there IS MUCH BETTER out there so please someone, open a Giordano's here! PLEASE! :-)
5	Two words.....PIZZA PUFF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Crispy fried pockets of pizza dough filled with the most mouth watering gooey cheese, bits of sausage and tangy tomato sauce inside. Sooooo good..... Do yourself a favor and get 2 of them and thank me after. I grew up in the Chicago area and everything here is just like I remember it. I just saw that they are now serving Chicago-style deep dish pizza! Can't wait to give it a try. They also have Vienna Beef hot dogs which are literally the best hot dogs you'll ever eat. I like to eat them with fries and cheese. Ask for extra crunchy fries because they tend to be soft, not crispy. Go here, you'll love it!
4	With a ton of lunch options in the Uptown area, Matt's Chicago Dog is definitely one of my lunch "go-to" options.  It's located off of the Green which is great if you are sitting in a cubicle all day and need some vitamin D.They keep it pretty simple... dogs and burgers/sandwiches.  The menu can be a bit overwhelming with options, but I haven't had a bad sandwich or item here.  You come in, fall into line, place your order, and wait for your delicious food to be brought to the table (dining in) or your number to be called out (take out).The dining space is small and cramp (like everything else in uptown) but they make the most out of the space with plenty of tables, sometimes it's hard to procure a table yourself, but the turn around is quick and you also have the option of taking the food outside on the Green.  Pretty interesting mural painted on the wall to make it look like you aren't inside, but outside on the street - props to the artist that can paint glass reflections on the store windows.OK... I haven't had a chicago dog here (gasp!) but all the rest of the food I have had here has been very solid so I am sure their Chicago dogs are great.  It's not Chicago, but it can definitely hold it's own.
4	I tried their Italian Beef and its "meh". Not really close to being what you can get in Chicago, but decent for what is offered in Charlotte. I don't even know if there is another place that offers Italian Beef on their menu, but I would still eat another one here if I was pheenin' for one. Another Chicago fav is the pizza puff. Not much they need to do with it but fry it. Can't go wrong except for destroying any diet plans and giving you a tad of heartburn for us older folks. One was good enough for me...two might be pushing it. $3.99 each and no option to make it a combo meal.The cheese used for the cheese fries is an absolute "boooo!". I will not try those again.
1	Don't know what the deal was, but on a day with a car show across the street and a basketball game a couple blocks away we were one of about 3 parties which rolled up for lunch only to find the place closed. Who knows how many folks did the same thing considering the posted Saturday hours. Then again about half of Uptown was closed. CLT remains at heart a town by, for, and of bankers. Sad.
4	I like Matt's because they make most everything right to order so the burgers, fries, etc are always piping hot and fresh.  It takes a bit longer than not doing this way but the trade off is well worth it.  Love the Italian Beef, Char Dog and Fire Dog as well.This location is really convenient to my office so I find myself there at least a couple times a month and will continue doing so as long as they remain consistent in what they do.
