3	I would give this place at least 3.5 stars but they are a sold 3, not convinced they are ready for me to round up to a 4 just yet. As I leave my office for my typically late (130-2p) lunch, I decided I was craving a sandwich, after seeing the latest @sammich_es post on twitter. Knowing I would be hard pressed to get a true "sammich"around here I began my journey.  I had promised to give the Gyro at Coney Island another shot (they offer a $7.55 meal deal, hard to beat).  But I had also seen that this place [Spoonz] had opened up relatively recently and I am always one to try something new and spread my "wealth" around. They have a few tables outside, which is nice because for the most part this section of the street is shaded during the heat of the day.  I walked inside and positioned myself to the right side of the counter to see what they offered.  Their menu is simple but with a good variety, coffee drinks, teas, sandwiches, soupsand salads.  You can order one of their sandwich or salad creations or design your own from a list of options.  They also had a thick quiche in the fridge case and some yummy looking pastries.  Finally deciding on the Country ham panini with ginger mango chutney, tomato and swiss on multi grain bread, $6.95 plus tax, no chips...are they extra? I grabbed a seat in the colorful, relatively small diner and waited.  It didn't take long. I picked up my sandwich.  It was toasted, and generously filled with ham and the mango chutney was just right and complemented the ham quite well. I don't recall tomato and the cheese was one thin slice relative to the amount of ham.  But hey I guess I don't really need much more cheese than that anyway.  The service was no frills, no hello's upon entry, no "Dolores your order's ready.", even though they took my name, but they did say Thank you as I grabbed a menu and left, that counts.
3	I was surprised to see the old Silver Spoon crew (previously inside the Hotel San Carlos) pop up in a new location.  The building signage is easy to miss but I was happy to see they provide a small space for outdoor dining.  The space is small so I think they'd struggle with a crowd given that the line in waiting is already wrapping through the tables in the dining area.  It is very clean with new deco and cute menus overhead.  The front-line assembly sandwich makers wear black chef's coats making them appear very professional.  You order then they call your name when the order is ready.  Service was speedy. $6.50-$7 for a lunch time sandwich is a little steep given the average quality of the products.  Meat, cheese and bread were fresh but mediocre quality at best.  I had turkey with provolone on rye.  The tomato & lettuce were weak so I scraped them off.  The major downfall was they smeared my sandwich w mayo when I ordered mustard.  I'm sure this happened bc the gal taking my order was too busy trying to help her co-worker pronounce another customer's name.  I wonder if there's a better method than "yelling names".On the bright side, the menu offers some smart recipes including portobello mushrooms filled with sausage, spinach and more. Some of my old favorites from Silver Spoon were carried over.  They have bottled drink options including sparkling water & a case full of cookies and cupcakes so it may be worth another visit.
3	This cafe has been open in my building for awhile now.  I went in for my firs time today.  It was ok.  I had a breakfast burrito and coffee.  The coffee was strong, but had a weird taste to it.  The burrito was ok compared to Jacqueline's breakfast burritos.  There were many other things that looked really good.  I will have to revaluate at a later time.
4	I had a lemon bar this morning.  It was very good and had a homemade taste with a nice crust.  Also, they give a very generous sized lemon bar.  Next, I plan on trying the quiche.  It looks really good.
4	I went back to try the promised quiche today.  It was really good.  I also got an iced tea that was fresh and perfectly brewed.  Back the the quiche.  It was a thick, hearty slice of bacon, egg, and cheddar in a nice flaky crust.  It was a great breakfast to celebrate Friday.
4	4/5 dangerous sweets. oh my. sugar. bars. yum. i'm glad i can only get this when i'm in town for business, otherwise i'd have to get pants in new sizes.
2	I'm sure I will be losing my Duchess status of Spoonz soon.  I have been going less and less over the last couple months, and they are housed on the lobby level of my building.The service has been just ok since Vita left.  The owner (female) is really unpleasant and doesn't seem to be happy about being there.The Scottsdale panini is decent, although the quality of the chicken seems a little lowered recently.  The owner (male) once told my coworker and I  that they cook the meat offsite and simply heat it back up at Spoonz.  Something about not having a proper oven/grill? An ex employee of Spoonz was an incredible pastry chef and made amazing desserts.  Not sure how the treats are now, as I'm skeptical there's a bunch of "boxed" desserts.For coffee, I'd rather walk a few hundred yards more for Starbucks.Wow, this review really is quite negative.  Spoonz is good when you're in a pinch downtown.  I doubt people are going too far out of their way to come here.
3	Kind of hard to find. Definitely not much seating. But the food is amazing! That's what matters most, right? The service when I was there was really good too. This is a great place to eat!
1	I came to Spoonz with some classmates and without expectations. However, I was very disappointed. The atmosphere, service and prices were mediocre. I can live with mediocre, but I cannot live with disgusting over-priced food... which is exactly what Spoonz is.If you want to spend your good money on terrible food then I highly recommend Spoonz, however I do not plan on returning.
3	This was okay.  I ordered a salad and it was fresh and tasty, so not much to complain about I guess, but it was nothing exceptional and a bit pricey.  Their menu was not very extensive.
4	Yummy Scottsdale panini: chicken, pesto, bacon, avocado, and provolone. The mint iced tea sounded a lot better than it really tasted. A bit pricey for what it really should be. Just got the chicken caesar salad from the "build your own" which is suuper yummy too! The food has not disappointed although again a bit pricey... $9 for a salad.
2	Over-priced, mediocre sandwiches and boring coffee. They wouldn't make breakfast after 10 even though they cook it fresh. Is it against some kind of regulation to grab an egg out of the fridge? If you love this place you haven't really been around. There are much better choices within walking distance.
4	They have amazing cookies!!  I also am a huge fan of their bagel sandwiches.  I would recommend this cafe!
1	Want Fresh, Fast, and Friendly?  Hmm, this is not the place!I have tried several menu items, like others, wanting to find something good here since I work so close but nothing has hit the mark.  The coffee is just okay, but for the same price as Starbucks, no, would rather wait in a Starbucks line.  The salads are big but didn't taste fresh and the desserts, well, I went in today to order one and told the owner I could not decide.  After literally 20 seconds she turned and walked away.  There was no one else in the place....AWKWARD!  Ok, so I just walked out.  Even the baristas at Starbucks will give a recommendation or talk to you no matter how crowded but just thought that was so rude so I was outta there!
5	Their dark roast coffee and a biscotti are the perfect combo.  I don't know if their biscotti is especially good or if I have just never appreciated it before.  Either way it is not to miss.
1	Average cofee. Local vendor for cofee, no doubt; but they don't know how to make a good cup of joe. Sandwich was average. About the only thing that was good was the pastery I ordered. I was not impresseed and would return eventually for another pastery if I hadn't herd who I awesume is the owner speaking to her employees. She was beyond rude and hurtful to them. I will not return to this place All because of that aweful lady owner.
4	Grilled salmon (Atlantica) wrap - good taste high protein without being heavy. Well done.
5	I can not begin to express how much I LOVE Spoonz Cafe. I am greeted every time I enter the shop and have only received great customer service. Where the gold is, is the soups. It changes daily and they're amazing. I have tried about 10 different soups and not one has been a miss. The coffee is average but where it lacks, the pastries and treats make it up. The online ordering is convenient and your food is waiting when you arrive to pick it up.
2	Came in quick for a pastry. Ordered a cinnamon roll and the owner said "no". She did not laugh or anything just stood there and said no. Extremely rude customer service. But they do have good brownies.
4	My first time here. Only gave it 4 stars for that reason. I liked what I had, clean and nice in the heart of downtown Phoenix. Not pretentious, just good food at reasonable prices. Can't wait to try a panini next time.
4	Randomly came across SpoonZ Cafe was i wandered through downtown Phoenix during my lunch break.  Had a craving for a salad when I noticed this place.  The selection was pretty diverse so it definitely sparked my interest.  The prices ranged from around 6 -12 bucks for a wide variety of salads.  I ordered the sicilian w/ chicken which was around 9 bucks.  When the salad was ready I gasped.  It was huge, maybe the biggest salad I had ever seen.  After a few bites, I was hooked.  Great flavor, lots of chicken and veggies along with a tasty vinaigrette dressing.   I couldn't even get through half before feeling like I was going to explode.  Check this place out, good salads and you get a ton!
5	I love SPOONZ.  I go there several times per week and always get the same personally crafted tuna salad.  The prices are reasonable.  The sweets in the display are beautifully made right there on site by a pastry chef who trained in Europe.  The food is fresh, fast and tasty.  The service is no nonsense which I like.  Give SPOONZ a chance if you're ever downtown.
4	Quick and Delicious.   First-timer.  Tried the Caprese Panini and loved it.   Easy location for those working downtown.  Good food, great prices.
4	I've been here twice and each time the food was really good!  They had some really good iced and blended coffees and its quite cozy. I definitely recommend coming here if you want a breakfast or brunch sandwich
