5	The new Grassroots at 20th St & Camelback Rd is fantastic.  I give it my highest recommendation.  The food, service and atmosphere should be experienced by all.  When you do check it out I suggest ordering the brisket...not to mention the grits that come along with it...you're welcome!
5	An elevated neighborhood experience with a kitchen cranking out classic southern-influenced American cuisine.  Huge fan of Grassroots in Scottsdale, and the new Phoenix location is right there with it. We live in the area and the versatility of the menu and friendly staff will have us coming back regularly.
5	Fantastic experience from start to finish! Inviting atmosphere and friendly service.  Smoked salmon appetizer was savory perfection.  Chopped salad was a fun twist with excellent flavors, not your average salad. The shrimp and grits are amazing with a touch of spice, the best I've ever had.  I am excited to have such a great new go to spot in the Camelback corridor. I will definitely be back again and again!
5	Great service and atmosphere. Even better food and drinks. Definitely moving to the top of my list when it comes to the camelback corridor.Recommendation: Don't miss out on the smoked salmon, its awesome!
5	This place is legit.  My family is from New Orleans so it's good to see some of those types on a menu in Phoenix.  Everything is real good but I'd recommend starting with Dad's Grocery Bag then getting the Shrimp Po Boy.
5	I had the best brisket sandwich of my life!!! The melt in your mouth brisket comes with a great thin barbecue sauce. On top came their tangy slaw, and my goodness it provided an amazing crunch.  It came with their shoestring fries which are seasoned and cooked to perfection. I also had their white sangria which was the perfect amount of sweet, and complemented my meal perfectly!The atmosphere was open, happy, and inviting, I couldn't help but to feel at home. The service was also friendly and they had answers to all of my questions. I will definitely be back, both here and their Scottsdale location!!
5	This 2nd grassroots fits well with town and country. Really great bar area. Same unreal food and service as first restaurant. Good happy hour dishes for all tastes. Def recommend for happy hour or a date.
5	Awesome restaurant! A must go to. Great ambiance in a great location. The food is excellent and the staff is very friendly. I would recommend trying the shrimp po boy sandwich or the burger, But it's all delicious.
3	I need another visit before I really know.  I went for happy hour and tried the Piggly Wiggly (a lovely nod to my Midwest upbringing)    The asparagus was okay, the prosciutto rather salty.  The ribs were tender but not much flavor.  the port belly was really tough and dried out.   Whatever sauce was served with it was too salty.  I could not figure out why the crusty bread.   it did not go with anything.   At least with a soft bread I could have put some of the meat in it.  It felt completely disjointed and just things put on a plate.   Service was wonderful, ambiance delightful.    It really calls for a return visit.
4	Went in for lunch.Very friendly staff, greeted as I walked in, food was amazing.The only negative was the price. It's expensive for lunch. Plan to spend $20 for lunch, not something most can do every day.
1	I am sorry to say that my wife and I had a worse experience here than any other I can remember.  We didn't stay to try the food.  There were 2 of us for lunch.  There were many open tables.  We were obviously unhappy with being sat at a high top style table (that seated 4).  My wife was having difficulty getting onto the chair - she is 5'3" and was wearing a skirt.  The waitress the we had was rude, unaccommodating, and snarky.  She waited for my wife to struggle into her seat, while I mentioned that a high top was not optimal.  After my wife was settled, the waitress snarkily said "well you could have asked for another seat." This place isn't Denny's. The sandwiches are $12 - $16 each.  I am sure that they are tasty.  My wife and I both felt that the waitress was out of line.She made us feel as if she was put upon by having us there.  We left and ate at Bianco's.  As we walked out the door, she followed us, continuing to make snarky comments as I looked around to find a manager.  Since I was unable to find a manager, we left rather than be berated by herDespite this, we may actually come back.  the food is supposed to be good.  If it doesn't work out, there are many other options within walking distance.
5	Outstanding food and service. A must try, it will become one of your local favorites.
4	I just came home stuffed and happy after my first visit to Grassroots Kitchen & Tap. Since it has opened, I had heard nothing but rave reviews....I'm happy to report it lived up to every single one of them. The service was amazingly helpful and friendly and the food was incredible. I work at Town and Country, so I will be going back quite often. Well done, Grassroots. You've definitely gained my business.
5	I love Grassroots Scottsdale, so I was thrilled when a second location opened closer to home. Love the decor, the food and the people/service. I have yet to have anything less than a perfect experience at both locations. Tip: Order the Tuna Poke and the Burrata apps, you won't be disappointed!
5	What a beautiful and delish spot to dine and drink. My husband and I were drawn in because I love all things green and organic... But in addition to having organic and locally sourced dishes the staff is amazing. Amber, our beautiful, friendly and welcoming bartender gave us a sample of the sirloin chili... Yum!!! Give this place a try ASAP.
5	We heard about this place from a few friends and decided to check it out. Although it isn't really a chain, thank God, this is the second location a bit further west from its Scottsdale flagship.  What a great addition to T and C Shopping Center!  Peg and I found it welcoming and the interior was inviting. Clean and fresh looking without being "flavor of the month" like some chains that pop up trendiness on a regular basis.  MIndy was our server (although others took care of providing great service) and Jordan was gracious and quality-controlling. The Red Bean and RIce soup was terrific.  The Brisket platter was delicious....brisket was fork tender and yummy and the usual sides (bbq beans but a nice twist with japeno grits) were not usual...they were very tasty. Shrimp po'boy was also good and worth a repeat as well. Gumbo is on the menu for a different night special...like the red beans are for Mondays. While not typically dessert tasters, key lime pie is always at least worth a few words...and theirs is the real deal. To show their versatility, they offer a tuna poke app which was was very very good. I would strongly recommend this place!  It will make a great  neighbor for Chris Bianco's place a few doors down.
4	Great location. Our server was out going but not obnoxious. I really enjoyed their play on the greyhound. My chopped salad was a treat with 14 different vegetables in it.
5	they went out of their way to make our stay as amazing as possible.  they accommodated a party of 12 without batting an eye and comped us appetizers and deserts without us even asking.  seriously a class act all the way
4	Great service and great food, pork belly appetizer is awesome
5	I found Grassroots because I was hungry on a Sunday at 8pm and they were still open. I'm so glad I found them. The food was wonderful, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the music was great too. The whole environment was welcoming and well designed. I can't wait to visit again.
5	Highly recommend it. Get yourself a refreshing beverage like the woodchuck pear cider from Vermont or the Georgia iced tea. Start with the 85259 creamy burrata. Then move on to the Carolina Baby Back which are fall of the bone delicious. Then finish it off with the Chocolate Toffee Brownie and you will leave satisfied.    We tried a good portion of the menu and had no complaints. Make sure you try this place.
5	Chris and Wally got this one right.  What a a great place for a casual dinner.  The food is excellent and reasonably priced.  Phoenix needs a restaurant like this.  Its manager, Jason Blumer, is a wonderful host.  He has a great personality and understands hospitality.  We dine out a lot and will be sure to make Grassroots a frequent stop.  I would encourage you to give this place a try - I know you will be pleased.Dick B.
5	Fantastic. I had the Shrimp Po Boy and my girlfriend had the Blackened Fish Sandwich, but we split half and half. While the fish sandwich was us trying something new and not really out taste buds, is was good. The fish was cooked absolutely perfectly, and that's not something we say often. We avoid fish mostly because of that.The Shrimp Po Boy on the otherhand was amazingly delicious. We almost ordered one to go! However we settled for a Coconut Pie, which had us both laying back wishing we had larger stomachs. By far the best Coconut Pie we've ever had. I am craving one as I write this.We will be back often.
4	Since I have been off of work this past week, I have been trying to be good and going to hot yoga.... now, the only problem is my studio is right next to this place. Day after day I was tempted by their delicious barbeque -y smells wafting in my direction. Today, the husband and I went for happy hour. Very happy we did. The happy hour menu was good, food items under 10$ with large portion sizes. We split the piggly wiggly and the brisket sliders. The sliders were great, shredded brisket, bbq sauce, and a pickle... can't beat it... also, they were not cheap with the meat because of happy hour, the brisket was falling out of the buns. The piggly wiggly was a nice way to try a bunch of their offerings as it consists of pork belly, asparagus wrapped in prosciutto and some baby back ribs with bread and a spicy jam. I thought the pork belly was the weakest showing, with it having a lot of unrendered fat, but the meaty parts were good and that is kind of just the nature of pork belly, the asparagus was really good and had a tasty crumb on top of it, and the ribs were great, fall off the bone tender, and full of smokey flavor. We also got a couple of drinks... I got the gimlet, which was a tasty gin drink with basil and cucumber. The husband got a manhattan (his signature drink), but he thought it was just ok. The tab was 30$ after everything, so a pretty good deal. I would certainly recommend this place for happy hour.
5	Yelp hasn't disappointed me yet. Excellent dinner here. Great atmosphere, tasty food and attentive service. I had brisket and hubby had ribs.
5	The food, the ambiance, the staff were amazing. I had the pork chop and it was so much food. They brought us the key lime pie and the brownie and they both were so delicious. I will be coming back here often. PS, the appetizer and the dessert were free.
5	Tried the salmon with dip and the ribs, both were great!  They are very close competition to Hillstone which I love. Will definitely be back!
5	Although I really liked the Cajun restaurant that used to be at this location, I'm REALLY happy Grassroots has opened up in its place!  They totally redid the decor (it's much better now with an open layout and fancy Southern furnishings - kind of what I'd imagine Paula Deen's house would look like :P).Let's start with the appetizers.  The bruschetta with burratta and tomato jam was my favorite.  That burratta was the creamiest cheese I've ever eaten.  I try to avoid dairy for dietary reasons, but that stuff was so good, I couldn't stop sneaking bites of it.  We also tried the asparagus wrapped with bacon.  I don't know what they did to the asparagus, it was prepared very simply, but somehow so full of flavor!  We also sampled the shrimp/ahi tuna dip on top of chips. I really enjoyed the combo of fish and jalapeno.  We were fighting each other for the last chunks of tuna on the plate.For my entree I ordered the BBQ brisket that came with jalapeno cheddar grits and beans and pickles.  Grits have never been my thing, but these were really tasty!  Dense and hearty and creamy with just the right amount of bite from the jalapenos.  The brisket was great, so tender I could cut it with my fork.  I appreciate that they didn't smother the plate in BBQ sauce.  The owner was so nice, he brought out an extra plate of grits for my friends to try, since not everyone'se entree came with them and he told us everyone HAD to try a bite!Judging from my friends' reactions, everyone else also really enjoyed their food.  My friend who is a vegetarian ESPECIALLY enjoyed their veggie offering of a farmer's vegetable plate.  It came with a wide variety of veggies and it was much appreciated since at most restaurants she's just limited to salads.Lastly, dessert.  I tried a little of everyone's desserts and they were all great!  I think my fave was the coconut creme pie, the crust was so delicious.  Someone at our table also ordered the banana splti sundae and that thing was HUGE.  The toffee brownie was also so rich and tasty.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!I hope to be back soon!
5	Excellent food.  Excellent service.  Fun atmosphere.  Loved the menu with so many terrific selections to choose from.  When we were in doubt about something (the grits? which pie?) the server just brought a dish of each to try as lagniappe, as he said: a no cost extra.  Both were outstanding, by the way.  I had the best brisket ever and the filet of beef was superb.  What ever you do don't miss the Key Lime pie!  The drinks were ample, not stingy served in small glasses over a lot of ice as so many Valley restaurants have begun to do.  Since the menu is broad, we will come back often whether for lunch or dinner.  This place is a real WINNER!
5	This place is the shit!!! Especially when you can walk across the street! Welcome to the neighborhood!
5	Went for lunch grabbed a seat at the bar and enjoyed some of the best service, friendliest people and excellent food. Poke starter well proportioned and flavorful (recommended side of coleslaw is a must) and ahi tuna salad were well balanced, well proportioned and reasonably priced for quality and freshness of food. Would go back in a heartbeat to have another key lime pie that was the best this side of the Mississippi.
5	In the old Baby Kays space at Town & Counrty. Great variety of of high quality dishes and craft beers. Had the Ahi sandwich and lobster bisque excellent. Looks a good happy hour spot. Will back soon for lunch, happy hour or both.
5	Living down the street, the wife and I have wanted to try this place for a long time.  My parents visiting town for her birthday proved to be the perfect occasionWe started with the dad's grocery bag appetizer which was an excellent startI had the ribs, which were so tender I didn't need a knife, they split once the fork hit. The jalepeno grits were also a nice addition For desert the key lime pie was a very refreshing treat. Everyone was also raving about the coffee which was  fantastic and came with a very real cream.Our server Jake was wonderful- prompt, friendly, kept my soda full and made good recommendations. Will be back!
4	Grassroots rates 3 1/2 stars for me but I'll round up with 4 stars for this review. They serve the beer ice cold which I love. I started off with the appetizer of the pulled pork sliders which were delicious. For the main course I had the sliced brisket with some funky side to it which was forgettable as far as I'm concerned. They don't give you enough BBQ Sauce so you have to ask for more. The brisket was just okay for me, and for what they were charging it should have tasted much better.The service was decent. This place is a great alternative if you ever get stuck waiting in line at that hip pizza place across the way. I would definitely come back and try some other menu items. Just when I thought it was safe to carry the Discover Card I find out that this place doesn't accept it. I think the Discover Card was rolled out in the mid 1980's. Hey Grassroots, if you want to be that upscale and sophisticated go to restaurant and bar then you'll have to accept all major credit cards.
4	Although the prices are high, the food is delicious. There wasn't too long of a wait, although i did go during the day. Both my boyfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our plates. The jalapeno grits are delicious and just the right level of spicy. Ribs and brisket-delicious!! Love Love Love!
4	Very nice. Stopped in one afternoon for a couple beers. We also had the burrata as an appetizer. The arugula was fresh and bitter, the burrata was creamy and decadent, the tomato jam was sweet and tasty, and the bread was crispy and delicious. All together, it was a perfect combination. It was a great accompaniment to our drinks.Service was good. I wish we were hungrier because the menu looked great. I will definitely be back.
1	Could not have been more disappointed in this restaurant.  My soup was awful (sweet with no spice) and my wife's trout was fishy (not very fresh).  I am rarely one to complain but I was surprised enough by the low quality to say something.  The server responded by being rude and the manager was dismissive.  I frequent Town and Country often so I hope this place fails and something better replaces it.
5	This will be a must-go whenever I am within two hours of a Grassroots Kitchen and Tap.  The ambiance is really cool and funky.  Very much going for that "home-y" feel.  Lots of wood, benches, communal table, etc.  It is a very inviting place.  Then there's the food.  The brisket sandwich was one of the best I have had.  SO good.  Fries were pretty good. To me a "Tap" house should have a bit more exotic beer list, but they did have some local brews and hipster flair, which served me well, and really, when have I had a beer that was "bad"?  the seasonal chop was not really what I was expecting.  It tasted good, but it was not what I think of as a chopped salad, it was more of a slaw with a bit of Greek salad influence.  I just left that place feeling very good about the experience, and wanting to return.
4	I can confidently say this will be my newest "go to" spot in the neighborhood. Prior to actually eating here, I had visited Grassroots Kitchen & Tap for just drinks. The drinks were made well and the prices seemed fair. They have a pretty good selection of wines bottled & on tap. The beers average about $6 but you can get a pitcher for about $12. It's a great deal and even better if you go during happy hour. The bar has a great atmosphere and the bartenders are all very friendly. After a few fun experiences of just hanging out at the bar, I finally actual got a chance to eat here this weekend! It was AMAZING! First we started with their soup of the day, Black Bean Sirloin Chili. We ordered a side of bread to go with it so we could all share it as an appetizer.. It was the perfect way to start our meal. Lots of flavor and they don't skimp on the sirloin portions. For dinner I had the Vegetable Platter, my husband had the Half Chicken, my mom had the BBQ Brisket, and my dad had the Short Ribs. The Vegetable platter was shockingly very filling and had tons of flavor. I was afraid I would miss eating meat for dinner, but I ended up not missing it at all. It was perfect! The kale had a great garlicky flavor and the tomatoes and blue cheese mix is now one of my favorite flavor combinations that I'm definitely going to try to mimic at home. I got to taste a bite of all the dishes my family ordered too had they were all great. The chicken was super moist and had a slight sweetness in flavor. The ribs & brisket were both tender and booming with flavor as well. Where this restaurants loses a star is because of the sides. Aside from my vegetable platter, All the other side dishes were really lacking in flavor and added nothing the main course. The grits seemed a little mushy and didn't have the flavor your would expect from the Jalepeno. The orzo was just average too. In fact, everyone cleaned their plates of the meats but no one really touched their sides. They kept eating the kale and tomatoes off my plate. The next time I go, I might ask if I can get the kale with my main course instead of the grits or orzo.Overall I loved it here. I can't wait for a chance to go back and so excited to have a new place in the neighbor I can stumble home from.
5	The brisket is amazing and melts in your mouth. I rarely eat pie, but a friend talked me into the key lime pie. The limes are fresh squeezed daily and the pie is DELISH! A must have in my opinion. Domingo (aka Sexy Mexy) recognized my friend who has been before and even remembered the wine she liked. Impressed all the way around!
3	They refill the water with mason jars....weird
5	The food here was amazing. I went for lunch and started off with the pork belly appetizer. It was prepared perfectly and it was very filling.For my entree, I had the Cajun Spiced Ahi Tuna sandwich with asparagus. The Ahi Tuna is prepared rare and tasted amazing. The asparagus was grilled and crunchy with a perfect amount of sea salt. Great place to go for lunch. Ample seating both inside and the outside patio. Great service too.
4	Very well done new place with patio. We had a nice dinner experience with Salmon and thought it was done as ordered. The beer selection is good as well.
5	Great find...I've been several times with a small group and large group....each time the food was excellent.  The food is fresh and portions are large.... Never had key lime pie like this ever.....Enjoy!  The staff was so polite and accommodated us which took some work to make the large party happy....Thank for bring great food to the valley!
5	Been here twice now and had an excellent experience both times.First visit I had the shrimp po boy. Perfectly cooked shrimp and a perfectly soft bun for that type of sandwich. Shoe string fries are don perfectly. I also got a side of the cheese and jalapeno grits which were pretty darn good.Second visit I got the braised short ribs. HOLY CRAP. Best short ribs I've ever had. Very nice portion and the meat... oh the meat... SO damn tender and juicy. Only forks needed for this dish. Had a side of their slaw also. Interesting mix with a light "sauce" which consisted of only cabbage and parsley. Slather on the Crystal hot sauce they have on the tables and it was damn good.Hear from others the fish sandwich is also exceptional. Its on the same bread as the po boys. Perfect for a delicate sandwich.Salads looked great too. Nice portions.Enjoy.
5	Yep,  happy place. First off, lovely staff.  We inhaled our burratta appetizer.  And that Cardiff salad is perfect.  My cousin and daughter were equally fond of their chicken waldorf salad and sandwich.  Roasted asparagus,  yes please.  Patio with great people watching, perfect.   A glass of wine and coconut cream pie, super.  Tired and full we were given the check, not rushed,  and when I turned to see if the waitress could bring a to go box, the hostess noticed me first and came to ask me what I needed and brought me a box. Very nice.
4	I think we ordered all of the appetizers and all were amazing. The service was outstanding, too!
5	Two visits so far-  and MANY more to come!First was with a good friend. We each had a cocktail, she had the brisket sandwich with side of cheesy jalapeno grits, I had the farm to table veggie plate. OMG!The sandwich was solid, the grits were amazing! (She complained they were too cheesy. On my planet, there's no such thing!)The veggie platter was one of the most perfect plates I've ever had! Tri colored cauliflower, heirloom tomatoes, garlicky Swiss chard and grilled asparagus. Beautiful, delicious, and a huge portion! The following week, I brought out of town family. There were 6 of us - and we were all over the menu. Everyone was quite happy with their orders - and my cousin who is a bit of a foodie/veggie snob pulled me aside to say it was the best meal she had while in AZ!Across the board - the cocktails, the entrees, and the dessert were top notch. Service has been flawless both times - and I am so glad I live close to this place!
1	I'm sitting at this restaurant with my mother completely appalled.  Right when we walked through the doors, we immediately wanted to leave. Not because of the food here or the atmosphere but because of how INDECENT the hostess was dressed.  This older, bigger woman is currently wearing a strapless gold metallic dress, something I'm positive I had in my closet when I was 12 years old.  Just so my disgust is clear to everyone, it's Mother's Day, a day to treat your mother like the saint she is- How this hostess is dressed is far from saint like.  This dress is strapless, incredibly short and too small for a wonderful restaurant like Grassroots.  Side note: she is also wearing flip flops around an open kitchen. Red flag for health code.  I won't be coming back until a manager addresses how tasteless this is.
4	Visited this place yesterday Saturday night and the food was really good. The atmosphere was great, too. Oh, and good customer service.
5	Seriously, my new favorite place.I've been here twice and the food is amazing.  I've tried the short ribs, pork ribs & chicken, shrimp po boy, chopped salad, buratta with tomato jam, grits, bacon baked beans, key lime pie, and toffee brownie.  All were excellent, except the chicken which was a little on the dry side.  The must try items are the short ribs (flavorful and tender), shrimp po boy (seasoned perfectly with fresh, soft bread), toffee brownie (still warm, so good, just get it!) and baked bean (my husband and I don't like baked beans but these were amazing).I'll definitely will be back to try other items.  People around me were eating burgers and shrimp & grits that looked amazing.  In addition, they have a great selection of salads which is great since I'm always looking for delicious, fresh salads.
4	Very friendly service. I think it is cute that they serve their water and iced teas with mason jars. I tried their Sashimi Ahi Tuna Salad. It was very good, but the seasoning seemed busy. The rub on the tuna, the wasabi peas, and the salad dressing seem to compete with each other. Overall I had a good experience, and plan to return and try other items on the menu.
1	We went for lunch on Sunday, June 22, 2014.  Our experience was horrible.  We ordered a Chicken Waldorf salad and brisket.  The salad was overdressed and soggy, as if it had been sitting in a bag.  Neither crisp nor fresh.  The chicken on the salad tasted old and mealy-- not fresh.  The brisket was chewy and flavorless.  We had two bites of each dish and asked for the check.  Our server, a nice enough young woman, was training another new staff member, another nice young lady.  Our server saw that we ate virtually non of our food and asked what was wrong.  We told her we did not like the food.  She did no further investigation as to what our specific thoughts were.    No manager came over to address what our concerns might be;  so we paid the full bill and left, unhappy and hungry.  We will never be back.  And we will tell our friends about our experience when asked-- which is a lot.
5	Service was great, food is fantastic, atmosphere is dim and inviting. Elegant and modern. A must try. We had the brisket and grits. Girlfriend says the beans were the least appetizing out of all 3 items on the plate-yet still great. The brisket is amazing. Grits were great with a nice jalapeno taste to begin with but not overpowering. Come on out and give em a try.Cheers!
5	Danny is a fantastic server and made the experience phenomenal!  The barbecue brisket sandwich is out of this world and the shoestring fries are already definite must!
4	Adrien our server was fantastic:  good sense of humor, good timing (AKA not annoying), and kept the water glasses filled.  Now that I think about it, the host was very pleasant and accommodating as well considering how busy the restaurant was on a Tuesday evening.  I was actually here with two fellow Yelpers and we had a wonderful evening wining and dining!  We started off with the meat and cheese board known as the Dad's Grocery bag.  I have to say I was a bit underwhelmed, but the sopressata was delicious!  One person had the Shrimp Po'boy and she cleared the plate.  Not my kind of sandwich but she seemed very satisfied.  Another person ordered the Swordfish special and WOW!  It looked delectable! It was a large fish steak that was very tender to the 'forking'...is that even a word?  Anyway it was probably the highlight! It came with a side of cauliflower that was perfectly roasted:  tender with the right amount of crunch.  I had the ahi tuna poki with no avocado (see photo).  It was very refreshing and light on a scorching day with fresh ahi tuna, shrimp and green onion, accompanied by wonton chips to scoop it up.  It was perfect with my glass of wine.  I think I wish I had gone with the Grassroots Gimlet my friend had, but they may have gone down too fast and easy :)  I will be back to try more things on the menu and see our fabulous server Adrien!
5	Grassroots is an excellent place to go eat and hang out.  The food is excellent, the staff is very friendly, and the dining room is inviting and decorated well.  I have tried something new each time I have gone and I have not been disappointed yet.  If you have a chance to go, do it. You will not be let down.
5	My girlfriend and I ate lunch at Grassroots Kitchen/Phoenix for the first time on Wednesday, July 2, 2014 and we both had the Waldorf roasted chicken salad.  It was absolutely the BEST salad I have found in Phoenix to date, full of veggies and fruit! The chicken was moist and delicious. Plus the honey mustard dressing was made with yogurt! The salad was so huge that we took half of it home for dinner and they kindly gave us extra salad dressing to take home as well. We enjoyed the Pomegranate green tea and it was NOT sweetened which was great! They even gave us iced tea refills to take with us when we left! Nice touch! Our waiter, Rhoades, was awesome! The interior is comfortable without loud music, so it was easy to have a conversation.We will be back with our husbands to try more menu items for sure!Thank you for offering healthy menu options and having a large selection of salads to choose from!
5	My family and I just visited this wonderful place for dinner.  Very good vibe, amazing food, our server Marina was attentive, knowledgeable of the menu and the wine.  She was very eloquent and welcoming.  She conversed with us when appropriate.  The food was a wonderful addition to her exceptional service.  We will definitely tell others.  Thank you for a very nice evening with my family.
4	Stop number two on my eating summer vacation.  Joined by Arana W and Lisa E. With that company I could have forgotten all about being there to eat.  We shared an appetizer plate (Dad's grocery bag) while deciding what to have.  So we decided and our waiter came around and told us what the special was and I couldn't resist.  Turned out to be some the best grilled swordfish I had ever had, not sorry in the least I did not have the filet.The service was as good as the food, excellent! Right from the start our waiter was there every time we needed him.  Wine samples, drink explanations, food questions.Yes it is a mini Arizona chain, but the next level up, and certainly not for every day dining for my or most of my friends budgets.  And it certainly feels like a one of a kind.  But for me it was a rare weekday evening I was not constrained for time or mileage and really enjoyed it.
5	Big portions of veggies which is huge in my book. The chicken and the key lime pie were both phenomenal, as was the service, especially the manager (?) Domingo who helped my mom make a substitution because of her allergies. We'll be back!
5	Stopped in a couple of times now. Great selection on menu. While I have only tasted small plates, all delicious. Great atmosphere,  ran into several friends each visit. While located in a mall, feels like a neighborhood spot. Give it a try!
5	I lived a bike ride away from the location in Scottsdale and was so sad to move.  Well I moved to the Biltmore and I'm again just a bike ride away thanks to the new location!  Dad's grocery bag is My fave! The burger is really good as well!
5	As fresh as it gets!!  I had the farm salad full of chunky awesomeness and followed it up with the Ahi Poke.   Throw in a couple of ice cold beers, and that makes for an amazing dinner.   Love this place....
5	Awesesome, amazingly delicious food. I got the farm to table vegetable platter and a key lime pie. I got it for takeout, and it was ready in about 10 minutes. This was very convenient for me since I am staying in the hotel that is basically attached to the mall. I had plenty of food, and I have enough for leftovers.
5	Great cocktails and amazing food.  The scallops and grits special was the best dinner I've had in recent memory.  I'd be here every week if I lived in AZ
1	Not very good...server was very pleasant but not knowledgable...priceyfor the portion sizes...would not go back
4	Had a great casual lunch with the girls today; the presentation was fabulous, our wait staff was friendly without being overbearing, and my brisket sandwich was big enough to have half left over for dinner.Definitely a place I'll go back to.
5	We decided to do date night at Grassroots last weekend and were excited the patio was pet friendly, so we could bring our fur baby.  This place has a great atmosphere both inside and out, the service was incredible and the food was fresh and flavorful.  I enjoyed the salmon entree with grilled asparagus and my hubby enjoyed the shrimp and grits.  We were both beyond pleased with our choices.  My hubby got excited when the server told us about all of the specials when we were seated and he decided to save room to enjoy the deep dish apple pie with vanilla ice cream.  Our server was informed that the apple pie wasn't up to standards to serve, so she had to break the bad news to us.  Needless to say we were disappointed and she could tell.  She ended up working some magic with the chef and was able to serve us an amazing apple pie with ice cream and caramel sauce...heavenly.  And even better, she gave us the dessert for free...now that's service!
4	First visit last night & was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the food. I have read some spotty reviews on here, therefore I didn't rush to try the restaurant until now.We were greeted by the chef within 5 minutes of sitting at the bar which was very welcoming. We decided to start with the pork belly & Burrata. They are both huge portions and the Burrata is brought in by Gina's Homemade which I have been a fan of for many years. Delicious creamy Burrata served with a tomato jam & arugula salad.The pork belly was good as well. Next time I will try a few other things because the menu is quite lengthy. I was going to try the lobster bisque which is their Friday Soup of the Day.   Overall everything was great including the atmosphere.I do appreciate not having to ask for water though, it should be given mandatory. It is a personal pet peeve.3.75 stars- check it out!
1	My gf found a hair in her ahi tuna salad! Never coming back! Get it together Grassroots!
3	The Good:-very nice interior-overall friendly hostess/staff/management-good menu design-certain dishes executed very well-plenty of parking in shopping center/easy to accessThe Bad/The Needs Improvement:-many dishes, including the salads, are SEASONED TO DEATH! way heavy on the salt/pepper/secret spices/etc. i've had the garden salad for lunch, and the small portion was HUGE and mixed and flavored well. i had the SAME salad at dinner but this time the salad was swimming in dressing (inconsistent food). at that same dinner, the grilled salmon was so OVER-seasoned i surgically removed the top layer so as to bypass the salt mine. it's so sad to have such a good piece of fish wasted by an overzealous line cook who's just POUNDING the food to death with sodium. this place is called "Grassroots" which conjures images of fresh and healthy, right?-some of the wait staff are A-1 professional; some are too green though, and don't care enough about what they're doing: like the quality you'd find at a Sam Fox restaurant (which is to say, young/inexperienced). the management definitely tries hard to stay on top of this...but i think maybe the problem is in the training. so rather than running around trying to correct problems during service, nip it in the bud by properly training everyone, including the line cook who killed my salmon. :(-some of the execution from the head chef needs improvement. for example, their appetizer, which we've had several times, of smoked salmon and bread wedges...the salmon is on-point! but the bread wedges are over-toasted, slice the roof of your mouth hard. bad. further, they tend to sit in the window too long before being brought to your table, so while the edges are dangerous, the middle is almost limp.overall, the atmosphere is comfortable and welcoming...good lighting and a positive energy throughout. but the training and basic cooking skills does the creative and admirable menu a disservice. more talent is needed to complement and support what has the makings of a solid go-to local spot. right now i'd say this place is running on 50% efficiency. 3 stars. good, not great.
4	Still think the food here is great! But I'm updating to note that I would not recommend this restaurant for groups larger than 8.  Most (if not all) of the tables in the dining area are bolted to the floor, so it's not possible to push tables together to accomodate a big group.  The best they can do is seat you at the two high-top tables next to each other -- but there is a big clunky pole in between the tables which makes interaction between the two tables really difficult.It's possible they could accomodate a big group on the patio, but they did not have misters on that day and there was no way I was sitting out in that heat! :P
5	My wife and I love this place.  The service is always excellent and every dish we've had is off the hook.  I love the shrimp and grits and the shrimp poboy.  The poboy is the best I've had outside of New Orleans when I lived there.  My wife loves the scallops which is an occasional special.  Great for kids, too, and our 6-year-old daughter loves it.  Last time we were there, our daughter wanted to walk around and talk to the hostess and they became bff's and then she met the chef.  He was super friendly as well.  Everybody is very accommodating and tolerated a talkative, charming 6-year-old.Great job!!
4	I went here a month ago when I was in Phoenix on vacation. The service was good and the food was fresh & tasty.. I would return here the next time I am in the Phoenix area.
5	Honestly the best place I've eaten in Phoenix in a long long time. The food was off the hook. Had the appetizer of park belly with fresh tomato jam on toast pointes....delish. Shared the Waldorf salad with the pulled chicken....so many flavors...amazing. I will be back soon.  Service was terrific too.
5	Most Excellent.  Mrs Commissioner Held is a phenomenal bartender and extremely organized.
5	The blackend fish sandwich, and stepford wife bartendar are unbelievable.  Instead of fries, diverisfy and try the slaw or grits.Tip:  If you're hunting for elk, hang your tree stand higher than eye level...
5	If you dine here and don't enjoy their 85259 Creamy Burrata... Well I just don't know if you know what a fulfilled life tastes like :) !  We were so happy when Grassroots moved into Town & Country central Phoenix (now we don't have to tolerate the Scottsdale cougar & spoiled kid scene at their other location). Service at the north location is appalling and I won't... Can't go back there! But I digress.The shrimp PO' boy is amazing and our favorite smoked brisket is here too!  We've got the fat kid & prego chick syndrome so we make no apologies when we order these hearty, hefty entrees together.  On the lighter side their salads are delish (Cardiff is my favorite).  Omgoodness! I almost forgot...even better: you can purchase their amazing dressings by the pint and take home for nearly a month's worth! Great place to take everyone because anyone can find everything they like on the menu! Laid back casual dress setting... Very Phoenix :)Enjoy!
3	I'm a Phoenix native who frequented the Cajun restaurant that occupied the location before Grassroots.  I moved away and have come back to find a new restaurant in it's place!!I was impressed with the renovations made to the location - it was clean, stylish and inviting.  The only problem I had was with the parking.  It's no fault of Grassroots that the construction was going on, but it was way too difficult to find parking.  It was worth the wait though.  Make sure to have a plan before showing up!I ordered the Grilled Angus Burger sans Mayo with the Pork Belly added on, fries, and a side order of the Southern Baked Beans.  The burger was cooked well, and the accouterments we fresh.  My only concern was that I asked for no Mayo, but there was a glob of it inside the to-go dish.  The fries tasted like they were cooked in fresh fryer grease (a good thing!!).  The beans were....interesting.  They were a bit too "sour" for my liking.  It tasted as if they added some type of soda pop or a lot of un ripe tomatoes to the base.  They were good, but nothing I would rave about.The to-go process was simple and quick, and the staff were very friendly.  I really like the gentlemen who was working the bar - he was helpful and very kind.Overall, it's a good place to try if you're looking for something new, but not a Must Have in the Phoenix Restaurant scene.
5	Wow! My boyfriend and I found this gem in Phoenix magazine where they were voted the best burger in Phoenix. We recently moved to Phoenix from Portland, OR. When we walked in we were immediately greeted by a friendly staff. We ordered the 'dad's grocery bag' appetizer and a glass of wine and beer on happy hour. The food was amazing! Every aspect of it shined, the honey, cheese, delicious meats and bread were in harmony. We had an amazing server who was very attentive and had a wonderful demeanor. She recommended the shrimp and grits which were great!  The burger was amazing too! The personable management and chef came around to introduce themselves and check on us, a true commitment to excellence! It was a nice reminder that dining is not just about the (fantastic) food, but the entire experience that grassroots has perfected. Truly Phoenix's finest!
5	Great atmosphere. Good food. Dads grocery bag is the starter to get! Chief took care of us at the end with dessert for the fillet being just a tad over cooked. Really not necessary but super appreciated. I love this place
5	Great service great food.  Pork Belly.  Again I say PORK BELLY. I had the chicken it was the best I have had.  My wife had brisket sandwich, all together an amazing experience. You don't know what good is until you try it.
5	Love this place! We were recommended by a friend and we were not disappointed. We went for dinner and the food was excellent! My husband had the miso salmon and I had the shrimp po boy, both were awesome! I loved the ambiance of the restaurant including the patio! It was a great date night spot!
4	I really like this place and find it a huge improvement over what was previously there. The food I can't eat because I am vegan, though they do have 1 nice salad that is very unique. They have my favorite beer on tap and the bartenders are awesome! They have 2 wonderful patios that cover 2 sides of the building so you get a very different view or atmosphere depending on where you choose to sit. My only complaint with this place is all the TV's at the bar are ALL sports. It is a pet-peeve of mine, it's true. Ok, if you only want men to frequent your bar, that's great but not everybody cares about that. Since you they don't consider themselves a "sports bar", some options would be nice.
5	I'm trying to remember the last time I ate somewhere where I thoroughly enjoyed all aspects of the experience. None of them compare to this hidden gem! All food courses were delish! The patio is one of the most quaint outdoor areas I've found here. And the atmosphere... It's hard to put in words but let's see if this country farm girl can do it: it is like a comfortable evening at a barn raising dinner gathering crossed with a romantic candlelit dinner with your beau at a posh downtown eatery.... unique and very enjoyable!
5	WOW! ! What a great first time dining experience. Everything from the time I walked into the restaurant was perfect! ! My waiter was spot on with great service and my meal was awesome.  I had the Carolina ribs, I can honestly say they were the best I ever had. Then the manager was nice enough to treat our table to free deserts, I had the home made key lime pie that was as good as I ever had.  I'll be back, thanks for the great meal!#
3	I wish there wee a 3.5 option, but since that's not available, we have to round down for this restaurant. First off, the music, some sort of mutant cross of twanging folk and tired country, really detracted from the experience. I had the ahi tuna salad which was both rather small and very salty. The combination of too much soy sauce on the tuna and too much of the sesame seed/corse salt made way too much of a good thing. My beloved had the chopped veggie salad, which he enjoyed. But again, it was a little small. After tax and tip, we paid $35 for two smallish salads. Too bad, I was hoping to add a new restaurant to the rotation.
5	My boyfriend & I tried this place today out on a whim because it seemed everywhere else was closed.. But I am so glad we did. I got the shrimp po boy and it was one of the best I've ever had, as well as the side of asparagus. We will definitely be back thanks to the great tasting food, reasonable prices and the whole ambiance of the place!
4	After many cancelled reservations at their Scottsdale location, I finally made my way to Grassroots.  Admittedly I wasn't aware they had a second location closer to me until recently.  My Mom had raved about their location near the Biltmore so I tagged along for lunch.  Its located in the Town & Country shopping complex on the southeast corner of 20th St & Camelback.  Its not really visible from the street so you have to do a little exploring to find it.  Enter from the 20th Street entrance and you'll come up on it.The inside of the restaurant is pretty casual and resembles a lot of the trendy restaurant setups I've seen around the valley.  Some booths, some table seating, some high chair seating, some patio seating, and a big central bar for happy hour patrons.  Nothing really distinctive, but comfortable nevertheless.  We sat at a booth this go around.  The menu seems to incorporate some southern comfort fare with typical American classics.  For my lunch today I went with the Shrimp Po Boy.  I love me a good Po Boy, and this one (while probably not to New Orleans specs), was quite good.  The shrimp was fried perfectly and the remoulade sauce was a delicious dressing for the shrimp and veggies in the sandwich.  The bread was a little bland, but there was enough going on the inside of the sandwich to make me happy.  I got a ludicrous quantity of french fries as a side which came with a tasty aioli.  For dessert, my Mom and I split a slice of their famous key lime pie (which was also quite generously sized).  The pie was outstanding.  Not as tart as key lime pies I've had elsewhere, but much richer and denser than others I've had.  It was actually pretty tough for two people to take down.Total price for the sandwich, fries, iced tea, slice of pie, tax and tip was about $30.  Pretty pricey for a lunch, but I knew going in that Grassroots locally sources their stuff which is more expensive.  And the portions for all my dishes were pretty large.  All in all, I was pleased with the quality of the food, the friendly service, and the relaxed atmosphere.  I'd certainly come back to try the dinner menu (though thats even more expensive), but I might try a sharing plate next time to save a few bucks.  And this place looks like a decent spot for happy hour.  Just do yourself a favor and save room for the key lime pie.
5	Exceeded expectations. ....had the blackened fish sandwich and it was absolutely amazing. ...I will be back!
5	This place, located in an unassuming shopping mall, was amazing, to say the least.I was celebrating my best friend's birthday and they managed to accommodate 20+ people. She's a popular lady (and no she does not poop out at parties!) so it was wonderful that they could fit everyone in and they did all of it with grace.We had great service; food came out promptly, as did most drinks, and they were very attentive, as large groups of people almost never have anything ready to say at the same time.The food though was absolutely wonderful. My soulmate had the petite filet and grilled jumbo asparagus. The steak was cooked per-fect-ly. I told them medium/medium rare and it was just right. I ordered the seared ahi with dad's slaw and heirloom salad. I swapped the bleu on the salad for goat cheese though, since bleu, in my opinion, is WAY too strong for the soft deliciousness of heirlooms. And everything was perfect. The ahi had a tangy brown sauce on it that paired really well with the fish.The prices are reasonable for the absolutely delicious and perfectly cooked food, as well as for the drinks.If I'm ever back in the Phoenix area, I will absolutely come here.
5	Enjoyed every aspect, menu has lots of great seafood choices, service was good from arrival to check, food was delicious- we will return
5	Sashimi Ahi Tuna Salad ...Perfection!!!! Wow! Wonderful food and great service! Domingo is awesome!
5	The family really enjoyed the pork belly and salmon appetizers.Knowing in advance that I will be trying the adult root beer float I had a cup of the spare rib chili soup and large farm chop salad. Both were great. My wife had the swordfish, son the brisket sandwich, and daughter the angus burger.All plates were cleaned!The toffee brownie all mode along with the Dad's root beer float did not disappoint.We will definitely be back.There was a lot left on the menu we are looking forward to trying.
5	Whatever you do, eat the grits!We stopped in after holiday shopping for a quick bloody and a cheese board. The bloody was perfect and the cheese board was a great snack for lunch. We sat and watched the game and talked with the bartender and it was really fun. The bar is in the center of the restaurant and you can see into the kitchen a bit and it just makes for a cool spot to hang and people watch. When it came time to enjoy our next cocktail, the bartender recommended their gimlet. Normally, I am not a fan of gin, but he explained that Hendricks is distilled with cucumbers so the taste is not as offensive as juniper berry gin. So I gave it a whirl and think I found my new favorite cocktail. Its light and refreshing with muddled basil in there....YUM.Now onto the grits...Fiance had been there for lunch before and had already experienced this wonder and we were talking about coming back just for that, when all of the sudden, I had a plate of the grits put down in front of me. They are light and fluffy (not normal for any grits I've ever had). They were slightly cheese with some jalepeno and green onion and were just so amazing to my already filled belly.I cannot wait to come back here as their menu looks awesome!
5	The food here was perfectly paired and prepared with great flavors. The waitstaff were all very friendly and always there right when we needed them. We didn't feel rushed or forgotten. The menu is full of amazing options for everyone. I highly recommend the Burrata and the grits. The vegetable entree was beautiful and delicious. The brisket was melt-in-your-mouth good. They also have a nice selection of beers you won't find in most places. I can't wait to go back and take friends here.
5	Best cooked salmon in a long time!  Get the brownie dessert and be ready to share.  The Caesar salad is great, amazing baked potato, and baked beans are cooked and seasoned perfectly.  Amazing ambiance, super nice people.  I'll be back soon!
4	This place had good food and great staff.
4	I popped in to have a quick lunch and quite enjoyed the atmosphere and food. The salmon was cooked perfectly--a little extra pink in the middle. I am docking one star because I think my meal was a touch overpriced. $28 for 5 asparagus spears, a beer, about 7 oz salmon, and about a cup of grits. Seems like island prices to me! Was tasty though.
4	Ate at the Angry Crab but alas they don't have key lime pie, that's where Grassroots came in... hurried over just before closing and had the most amazing key lime pie ever... definitely check this place out! It's kind of hidden over by the Trader Joe's so don't be fooled by the Camelback address... If the pie is any indication the food here is amazing. The pie crust was the perfect texture and the filling was nice and creamy in the middle with bits of lime throughout.
3	Pork belly melted in my mouth! Delish. Drinks were tasty. Sliders and wings were not good at all. Cute place but It's not as good as I expected.
4	I truly loved everything about my experience at this restaurant. Ambiance is warm, inviting, fresh, but not the least bit trendy. Menu consists of meat-heavy Southern inspired dishes. Our experience was as follows:Cocktails - We ordered the manhattan and the margarita. The cocktails were straightforward and made with high quality ingredients. Nothing to rave about here, but definitely well made drinks. Would order both again. Appetizer - We shared the burrata with tomato jam. When the dish first came out, the burrata was too cold and had a tough outer later that disallowed the flavor to come through. Once it warmed up a bit, it was quite delicious, although the outer layers of the burrata was not edible. Serving burrata at the wrong temperature seemed like a rookie mistake and was definitely disappointing. Would be willing to give this a second try to see if temperature was a fluke the first time. Entrees - We ordered the short ribs and the petite filet. Both were perfection. Short ribs were the perfect combo of sweet and savory. Consisted of a very large portion of meat that was accompanied by asparagus and the famous grits. The famous grits are famous for a reason and it was definitely a standout dish. The petite filet consisted of an excellent cut of steak served with a loaded baked potato. Pretty straight forward, very delicious. Dessert - We chose the toffee brownie sundae. The brownie was HUGE. This dessert was a little disappointing, but I did not take off any stars because the following is truly a matter of personal opinion. The brownie consisted of a light, cake-like texture as opposed to the fudgy, gooey brownie texture I prefer. Some people may love this dessert, but it was not chocolately enough for me.In conclusion, I cannot wait to return to Grassroots. I can't wait to try the shrimp and grits!
5	Impressed with the service and freshness of the food. I had the pastrami sandwich with a side of braised cabbage. Excellent!
