5	I was in the store last week with my 2005 Chevy Tahoe to purchase some tires the people in the store were very friendly and gave me a great price on tires they also offered me a ride home while I waited they have earned a new customer for life
5	I came in for a set of replacement tires on my 2011 Shelby GT500. The OE tires were getting pretty worn from racing. The staff was courteous and helped me select a better tire for my vehicle, at a reasonable price. Thanks guys!
5	Wow!!! Took my Nissan in for service and i didn't think i would get it back till wed.to my surprise it was ready today thanks Tom Walter for the over the top service you have made a customer for life
5	Awesome, quick service. Staff was polite and had me in and out. They even rotated my tires and topped off all my fluids for free after doing my oil change!
1	I get to this FN place at 701am- practically the first one that walks in.  I request an oil change and the store manager says "do you have a couple of hours?" (A couple hours??) 3 hours for an oil change?? Wth?? Been here a couple times and that's the last time I return.. Worthless location- staff your location correctly...
5	Paula was just amazing! When I phoned, I told her exactly what I needed, and exactly what I was willing to pay. When I walked in she was just right on top things! We were out in 30 minutes. My car runs great... A thank you, to everyone who worked on my car.  *** The best part of my experience... The friendliness, the repair work, and just exceptional service, was done without Paula, (or the other staff), knowing that I was a Yelper. By chance, I just happened to mention it on the way out!!!  ;-)
5	Just had my oil changed on my Shelby GT500. I called ahead to see how busy they where and was told to come on down. I got there and they took my car right away and they where finished in great time! Everyone was awesome and they where complimenting me on my Shelby (always a good thing lol) great people! Great service!
5	Joey was nice and the price was very reasonable.  Plus the yelp deal made it better. Would definitely go back if needed.
5	I have been coming here for awhile. Bob is great, being a female I get a little nervous coming to these shops in fear of being ripped off...or telling me BS I don't need just to make extra money..but Bob will not try to sell you on any crap you don't need, straight to the point and straight to the problem...thank you guys! I will be a returning customer!
5	New to Nevada from California and Bob and Joey have the best customer service and make you feel very welcomed when you walk in. They also have great deals on oil changes.  Best place to bring ur car for some car servicing.
5	Great company! My boyfriend and I are new to Vegas and have been way pass due for an oil change. Bob and Joey are great! They were very welcoming and open to questions and assisting us. They also offer a good special just for simply checking in. I used to work at an oil change company back home so I'm well aware of all the schemes that the employees pull just to get you to spend more money but I must say Bob nor Joey pressured us into getting any of the services recommended, but I do appreciate them informing us of all the things the car needs to have handled. The service was quick and well worth the money spent. I think it's fair to say I'll definitely be paying them many visits in the future. They also offer up cold bottles of waters while you wait...great hospitality guys!!!!!
5	My ac went out and Bob and Joey had it fixed up same day I dropped it off.  They are the best,  I wouldn't go anywhere else.
2	I came here at 720am trying to get my car aligned. Greeted by Bob, he told me that it'll be about an hour to get my car on the rack. I told him that I'll be back in an hour then after checking in. When I came back at 830, there's more technicians working as well as a few more customers. I walked in and another tech greeted me by name so I I'm assuming my car should be next in line. After waiting for another hour, while other cars after me being serviced, they tried to get my car on the rack but couldn't. I don't know what are those 2x4 laying around the shop for and u couldn't use a couple to get my car on the rack. A 10-15 mins alignment turned into 2-3 hours wasted of my morning.
5	Jim and all the staff were excellent! Explained everything in detail to me and did the work in under an hour. Will definitely keep going back! Plus it was very inexpensive for all the work they did!
5	Great service all around Fast paced and very attentive to detail Def will come back
1	By the way, when they tried to get my car on the rack , they accidentally disconnected the ebrake cable. Now my car does not have ebrake and almost got into an accident from the car rolling into another car in the parking lot. The technician noticed the ebrake wasn't working afterward but did not make any initiative to brought it to my attention.
5	This place is awesome.  Friendly staff and great service.   Got me in n out in less than an hour.   I will be back.
5	The guys at Superior Tire were awesome! They were helpful and even explained everything they did to my car in a way that didn't make me feel stupid... which is impressive as I know close to nothing about cars. Shout out to Alex for his help! =)
1	Not even worth 1 star I went into w Sahara Location for a tire rotation I should have left when I was asked if I needed an oil change as well which I did not I then set there for an hour ,after my truck was taken in 10 minutes later I was told I needed new tires ,told my tires were older than they really are ,and when I told them I was not replacing them they proceeded to tell me how dangerous and how bad the dry wrought was After a second opinion the tires are in fine shape and rotated I will NEVER go to this superior again As a woman it is insulting to be treated this way And I heard this kind of tactics used several times while  I sat waiting  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE TERRIBLE
4	After 2 weeks of research on tires, they offered me the lowest price I could find. They were fast ( I was in and out in about 20 min) and they were courteous.
5	Bob and the rest of the crew took care of me and my Lexus IS250. Very impressed with the reception I received when I arrived. They shared the social media on yelp deals and even checked my brake pads. Great spot for oil change. I will definitely be coming back here.
2	I was very disappointed in the service I received at this store. I needed to have my tire repaired and oil changed. I'm new to Vegas and decided to take my car to this store based on the yelp reviews. I waited 3 hours for an oil change and for them to tell me they couldn't repair my tire... Hmm? They weren't busy as my car was one of four cars on the rack. I watched them as they changed my oil, and couldn't understand what was taking so long. They didn't check the air in my tires, as my low pressure light was still on. $24.00 and 3 hours later I was told I needed to buy a new tire. Not impressed with the service. Won't go Elaina is laylay 3 or 4T?
4	After 2 weeks of research on tires, they offered me the lowest price I could find. They were fast ( I was in and out in about 20 min) and they were courteous.
5	Great service friendly staff . I would highly recommend. I went there and was in and out in 30 minutes for an oil change.
5	Bob is the best. I just came in and he helped me do the old change at next second. Very good man.
