5	Today I got a hair cut and style with Andrea Paxman at the Sassy Chic Salon in Mesa Arizona. The salon is comfortable, clean, has a funky vibe to it-and there is free water, diet Dr Pepper, and other beverages available while you wait. Which won't be long! Andrea Paxman was on time, polite, listened, gave a great scalp massage during my shampoo and then listened and performed the cut I asked for. The blowout style is included in the price-wait for it...wait for it...no coupon...and the wash/cut/style was $20.00.She includes a two week guarantee on the service so if for some reason you are not thrilled with it-you can come back free of charge for a fixing.Andrea also designs and sells a variety of clip in hair flowers that vary from  retro chic to little girl girly.If you need a fresh, fun and hip hair cut-give Andrea Paxman at Sassy Chic Salon a try.
5	I had my first haircut and style with Jessica, and it won't be the last!  She was fabulous, and I love what she did with my hair.  I showed her a picture of what I was looking for, but she did modify it a little bit to take into account what would work for my face shape, hair texture, etc.  I enjoy the end result more than the picture!  She even got me in last-minute, which I appreciate.  The salon has a very boutique-y feel to it, which makes it feel more unique and comfy than other places that can feel stale.  They also offer other beauty services, such as manicures/pedicures, waxing, and skin care.  My cut (which included wash and style) was $35, which I think is pretty standard for this area.  But it was definitely worth it, and I highly recommend Jessica.P.S. I wish they had a website.  I enjoy businesses that have websites.
1	I was a loyal client of Jessica's and really liked the first three or four cuts, colors, and service.  I just went again and this is my last!  She cut my hair so short and i hate the color.  She said "sorry" in a text afterward and never offered a discount or to fix her mistakes.  My hair is now so short there is not much if anything that I can do with it.
5	This review is for Andrea AbshereYou want a makeup artist who can take your description of what you're looking for in makeup and re-create it on your face, right? You want a makeup artist who is cool and fun and friendly while she does your makeup, right? Well, Andrea is both. I first met Andrea when I was in my friend's wedding two and a half years ago. When it was time for my own wedding, I knew that I wanted to use her. I spent some time picking out pictures of makeup that I liked and then I met with Andrea for a trial. She took those pictures and my skin tone and did my makeup so that it looks flawless and natural all at the same time! She really did make me look my best self. Andrea also does eyelash extensions so on the week of the wedding, I got eyelash extensions which were a lot of fun because that meant I didn't have to wear mascara or really much makeup on my honeymoon (they last two weeks!) I recommend Andrea because shes incredibly talented, she listens to the client, is incredibly kind and super fun to chat with!
1	I was very disappointed with my stylist. I had gone in with very light blonde hair and when I left it was at least 3 shades darker. I went in to get highlights done with some dark brown chunks. She ended up weaving the blonde and brown in my hair. So it came out darker looking. Then a few days later I went back to get hot pink put in and she still didn't listen to what I had told her. I told her where I wanted the peekaboo's placed and she just did whatever she wanted. I will never go back.
5	The stylist that did my hair  is Jolene Gomez.  She really knows how to tame this thick wavy hair.  My favorite is the deep condition shampoo style.  However Im looking into having a kertan treatment.  The boutique style salon is tucked away but a hidden gem for sure.
4	I needed my hair done, I didn't feel like doing it, ever have one of those days? It was the Friday before Thanksgiving weekend and it was late in the afternoon, I knew my chances in finding someone to do my do where little to none.  I whipped out my handy Yelp app, told it what I was looking for and what area I was in, and it found Sassy Chic Salon,  so I called over and spoke to Andrea, who said yep, if you come in at 7:30pm someone can do your hair!When I showed up in the shop I knew it was fate that brought me there. This was the shop I have been looking for. I love it!!  Its Paris baby!! I was a few minutes early, so I had to wait, and then Andrea showed up and said let's get started.  She is amazing! A girl full of talent, and I'm not just talking hair. Doing hair is a part time thing for her and she mostly works weekend nights, which is perfect for me, but she is crafty too.  The prices are completive, but not overly priced, she is fast, friendly and I am happy my Yelp App has led me to Sassy Chic Salon.
5	Lauren Bremner is a hair angel sent to me from heaven. She has remarkable skill with cut, style and color and is also very personable. I will be back!
5	This review is for Andrea Paxman. Andrea has been doing my hair for years, as well as my now adult daughters. She does such a great job! She never double books (I hate it when a stylist books another appointment for the time my color will be processing, it never fails to leave me sitting with wet hair waiting for them to finish!) She listens to what I want, and always offers fun new things to try. She is EXCELLENT with color, and I am posting a picture of my daughters hair that turned out AMAZING! Andrea only does hair on Friday's and Saturday's. In 5 years of having her do my hair (previously at another salon) she has never been late or had to cancel. Very professional and awesome!
