4	Great Italian food and pizza at reasonable price.
2	Well, having gone to a really great real NY style pizza joint on a recent trip to St. Simons Island, GA, I was craving some good pizza back home in Charlotte. I looked up what was near me on my tripadvisor app on my iPhone, and saw this place, which had gotten decent reviews. I thought, what the heck.Well, we started with the bruschetta and some wings as an appetizer. The bruschetta sure didn't seem like an authentic one, judging by the tomatoes, dried basil leaves, and shredded mozzarella, but tasted decent. Wings were okay, a little on the greasy side, but the taste was fine, and I like that they were baked.But, the pizza, supposedly the hallmark of this particular place? Blah. Sauce barely there, and not sweet tomato taste. Crust was nice. I got pepperoni and mushrooms, and yes, as listed on another review, these were your standard canned mushrooms, nothing about our pizza said, "Hey, this is an authentic, fresh Italian inspired pizza!" My wife and I rattled off about a dozen places better than this, heck, my wife even said Papa Johns. Service was sparse, but friendly. We are still looking for the best in Charlotte to eat some wings and good pizza. Oh, well.
4	Affordable Italian.  Go here a lot with a group from work.  The service is VERY GOOD and friendly.... as is the food.  The only limitation is the size of the dining room since it's fairly small so come early for lunch to grab a table without waiting.I've had a couple of their pasta dishes and today I tried their pizza.  All were good and at reasonable prices.The other downfall is that this place is closed Mondays.  For some funny reason I always get Italian cravings on Mondays and find out that Giacomo's is closed is always a let down.  I'm to the point that I remember now though.
5	I judge many restaurants by the bread they serve.  Giacomo's has thus far exceeded my expectations.  I'm talking about many things here:  the rolls you get as a side with dinner plates, the garlic knots that scream out to me from the menu, and even the crust on their pizzas.The first impression you get when walking in is how friendly the staff are.  Even with takeout, they make sure everything is "right".  I'm a man with 4 kids, so when I order out from this place that means a LOT of food is coming back with me.  These fine folks always scrounge up a nice box to hold all the dishes.  And the dishes, they are plenty good.  I'm not going to claim that they're the best Italian place ever, that would be silly.  What they are is one of the best pizzerias in Charlotte, especially with regards to value and consistently good food.
3	Good affordable and nice atmosphere.   Small neighborhood type restaurant.
5	Giacomo's has exceptional food at great prices.If you're looking for New York style pizza, this is where to go.  They serve my dad's favorite pizza, but I prefer the pasta.  The tortellini alfredo is amazing, and their spaghetti with meat sauce is my new favorite.  Their garlic knots are to die for and their regular bread is awesome, too.  I love their salad with Italian dressing.  In a city filled up to the gills with mediocre chain restaurants, this is real Italian food made by real Italian people.  **Beware, though, they're closed on Mondays.**
3	I'm always on a hunt for a good slice of pizza, Giacomo's pizzeria style Italian restaurant is a little taste of quick and easy italian dinning. The menu is quite large offering everything from a full pizza selection to pasta, veal, chicken and classic Italian favorites. The brick oven pizza is quite delish, but I don't think you can order just a slice of pizza. Last time I grabbed a quick bit to eat I ordered the Alfredo pasta. The sauce was definitely homemade and very filling. I ate to my delight and had plenty to take home! The decor is a step up from other pizza joints in the university area, so it's worth a stop by for lunch or dinner!The garlic knots are a good start to your meal.
5	This pizza is AMAZING! I definately will become a regular here. Lol I heard a young lady sitting a tale away say that EVERYTHING is good here. I will be finding that out for myself. The atmosphere is small but clean, warm and inviting and the service is very accommodating and friendly. A good date night idea since the restaurant has a smaller more intimate feel.
5	Great Italian restaurant! The pizza is my favorite, but I haven't had anything I didn't like. Quick, inexpensive and good food. The owners/staff have always been nice and helpful. Not a fancy Italian restaurant, but I would choose Giacomo's over a fancy Italian restaurant any day!
5	After searching through tons of restaurants online, my husband found Giacomo's and we decided to give it a try. So glad we did because the food was awesome! I ordered stuffed shells and my husband ordered chicken parmigiana. My meal came with a garden salad and I got Italian dressing to go with it. The dressing was delicious and the rolls that came with our meals were right out of the oven, large, soft and very yummy! My stuffed shells were very good and I really liked the sauce because it had a sweetness to it. My husband enjoyed his entree as well. After dinner I noticed they had a chocolate loving spoon cake as a dessert. I had never had spoon cake before but this was AMAZING! If you LOVE chocolate this is a must try!!! The staff was very polite, personable and on the ball as well. Please check out Giacomo's the next time you are craving Italian, you won't be dissapointed!!!
4	Good pizza!  Definitely better than typical pizza joints!
4	Consistently good food at reasonable prices. I've eaten here many many times and have never had any complaints.
4	My wife and I have been eating here for about two years. We love the service and reasonable pricing. I haven't tried much on the menu because I love their Parmesan Chicken with ziti so much. It is our go to place when we want good food and a great relaxed atmosphere.
4	Seemingly every time I come here I end up ordering pizza, looking over at someone else's plate at another table and saying "I'm going to try that next time". The serving size for their spaghetti and lasagna is enormous!  They use fresh greens in their salad; I'm talking about green leaf lettuce (romaine) not the pale green yellowish lettuce from a bag. They offer an appetizer called Garlic Knots with homemade marinara sauce that's pretty good. You're able to order pizza by the slice before 4PM and customize it n e way you like...I like to add fresh garlic to mine. The staff are always friendly and the place is neat and clean. I would recommend eating here if u would like to grab a bite to eat or if you feel like sitting down for a full dinner.
5	One of my favorite places to spend a Sunday afternoon. The staff really seems like they like what they do and that they take pride in their work.  The food is rich and filling without emptying your pockets.  I love to spend time on a lazy Sunday here!
4	Tried Sicilian style pizza, baked ziti and breaded eggplant. The pizza was very good heated up nice the next day. The baked ziti was good, but sauce seemed plain. The eggplant was good, mushrooms seemed rubbery. The server was good. The hostess was very interested in our opinion of the food. We liked the food except for the mushrooms. I tend to like oregano and basil in my sauce but some people may prefer less herbs in their sauce. Overall, atmosphere very good as are the staff.
4	Very friendly, and cozy italian eatery. The pizza and dishes here are good, and it is a very homey and comfortable family restaurant. Never had a bad meal here. Excellent value as well.
3	Looking for some Italian food after working up an appetite at Ikea we found this place. At almost 9pm on Easter Saturday, the smallish dining room had a good crowd in it. We were greeted and seated immediately, though, and a nice rotation of staff were very attentive.It seems the stock in trade of this place is solid food in enormous portions. We began with the bruschetta which was very tasty, though served on toasted Italian rolls which made too much bread for my taste. I just ate around it, though. Next came a slice of lasagne that could have easily fed 2 people, and probably 3, and a special spaghetti arrabiata with chick that was good for 2. Honestly I we go back we will split an entree. To finish the tiramisu was recommended. It too was good, though not great. It did not have enough layers of lady fingers for my taste. All in all a good meal, and a good place to go especially if you are really hungry.
5	Great Italian food. Best I've found outside of NYC
4	The pizza is delicious! The pastas are too. They give you enough to feed two people. Just keep in mind. The place is small!
5	When I accepted a temp assignment at a property in the University area I was intrigued at the opportunity to sample some of the cuisine outside of my comfort zone in Charlotte.  Fast forward to my 3rd day passing this Italian gem.  I finally broke down and called in a to go order for me and my boyfriend to have an easy night in.  I ordered two orders of the Stromboli and a Greek salad. If you've never had a Stromboli it is similar to a calzone but stuffed with mozzarella and Italian meats.  This one had pepperoni and Italian sausage.  I got home and warmed it up in the microwave for thirty seconds and sat down to dig in.  I dipped my bite into the side of marinara sauce it comes with and a second later I was eating the BEST Stromboli I had ever had.  The crust was perfection, the mozzarella was fresh and melted amazingly, the meats were flavorful and the sauce was so tasty it almost made me cry that something this delicious was only $6.50!  Not to mention it was HUGE! I am not proud of this but I inhaled the whole thing that night.  :)  A few days later I called in a lunch order and had the chicken parm sub..... Again, amazing.  Huge portion and delicious.  I must say I have gone back twice more for the Stromboli, as I am a huge fan now and after this assignment ends I will be heading back.!
5	Called for a reservation for 5 people & was told they would save us a table.( Most restaurants will only accept reservations for 6 or more.) On a Friday night we walked in to a very busy dining room to find our table ready, complete with a highchair as we requested. The server was very knowledgeable about the menu & suggested a dish or 2 that we hadn't considered. We enjoyed every bite in each dish & finished it all. The hostess  stopped by to check on us  & when we just smiled & gave a thumbs up because our mouths were all full she smiled & came back later. We really enjoyed the seafood & veal dishes & also split a small pizza just to try it .Although they were busy & our child was a bit loud we could tell that this is a family friendly spot.  l  We will definitely be back to enjoy this very authentic Italian cuisine!
3	Healthy portions. Overall taste... decent.  I expected more because this place came highly recommended from a friend.
3	we ordered garlic bread & veg pizza...veg pizza is ok.. bread was dry...cheese and veggies are perfect..garlic bread was burnt on the edges... difficult to eat...overly seasoned... over all its just ok..
4	First time here for me.  What a hopping little place. And it is pretty small. But i was alone and they had a table in the corner that could only seat one so i sat right down. I was right in front so i saw a ton of carry out orders going out.  Tons of pizza so it must be good. I had the lasagne. Really good. Huge portion with salad and fresh bread for just $10 bucks. I got there at about 5:15 on Saturday evening and it was full. (Other than my table for one). But the service was excellent and nobody seemed to be waiting long to be seated and food came out promptly. Great spot. I will be back for sure.
4	I love supporting locally owned businesses.  I like to come here and avoid the processed foods served at chains. I am always pleased with my food here. Fast service. Large portions for the price.  The menu is large. Beer and wine are also available.   I am a fan of the pepperoni calzones and cesar salads.
5	This is our "go-to" local Italian spot.  The food is great- love their marinara.  I've had the chicken parm, lasagna, garlic knots, Stromboli and plain pasta.  All very good and HUGE portions for reasonable prices.  My only complaint is their salad dressings....I have mot found one I like.  :( They are for sure pre-made.  I'm a sucker for " house Italians" and wish they had one!!!I'm from NY and it reminds me of food from home!  Just don't expect a lot of ambiance, it's rather plain inside....but it's great for a quick bite and they are open late.
4	My son has been begging me to come to this place and so we've been several times recently and we love the pizza here....it seems to be family owned with a very nice staff so I'm glad we finally decided to try it.  The pastas in my opinion are not as good as the pizza and stromboli, so for now this is my new pizza crush.
4	Authentic Italian small restaurant - nice marinara sauce - ordered bruschetta, manicotti with ricotta and spinach, stuffed shells - all very tasty! Server was pleasant and quick - would recommend to anyone in the area. Italian music added a feeling of being there!
4	This was a pleasant surprise.  We were visiting a UNC Charlotte Open House and afterwards stopped in here for a quick lunch, mostly because we happened to notice it on the drive in.Very happy we made that choice. The food was much better than the decor foreshadowed. The portions were large enough that my wife's chicken cacciatore was also her dinner when we got home (and almost more than she needed for that as well).Wait staff was friendly to the point of having a nice conversation with us about the area and the students who come in from UNCC while our food was being prepared.
3	I really like Giacomo's, but mostly for the family-run atmosphere and the odd mix of people working here. Who are all really nice. The food is fine. Nothing earth-shattering, but Italian rarely is. Server recommended the GARLIC BREAD WITH CHEESE as a starter, and it was a hit. Crusty French roll with garlic butter spread and cheese melted in the middle. Served with a side of red sauce (and we also got a side of alfredo). Both sauces were really good. The bread was nothing that couldn't be recreated at home, but still nice and it hit the carb-craving spot. The WHITE PIZZA (added meatballs) was pretty disappointing. It needed so much salt, and the amount of cheese was overwhelming. It sogged up the pizza and made it very heavy. We each only ate 1/4 of one slice before giving up on it. I have had the Margherita pizza previously, and thought it was good (sans oil drizzled on top). The crust here is neither thin nor thick, but has an interesting chew to it that I like. The EGGPLANT PARM HOT SUB had the same bread, which was again very nice, but also had way too much cheese. After picking all of the cheese off, it was a decent sandwich. Lots of red sauce made it a little soggy.
5	Very nice place and probably the best example of a neighborhood mom and pop Italian jointFriendly staff, low prices, good food and amazing portions
4	Came to Charlotte for my cousin's graduation from UNC and Giacomo's is one of her favorite places to eat so we decided to go there. Food and service were excellent! My Mom and I split a cheesesteak and fries, Gram had a bowl of minestrone and a slice of pizza, my cousin had chicken tortellini alfredo and her boyfriend had a spinach roll. Of course we all tasted and shared, everything was delish! Would definitely go again if I'm in the area!!
2	Really 2.5 **for the owners/managers were nice. The cashier seemed expressionless. Our first time here so we kept it simple and got veggie pizza and the much reviewed garlic knots. Crust was nice and chewy;however we did not  like the very large cuts of veggies (more like salad size instead of bite-size appropriate) Garlic knots were very greasy and lacked enough garlicky goodness. They were just ok. Maybe the pasta is where it is? Love supporting small family businesses.
4	Very nice place and probably the best example of a neighborhood mom and pop Italian jointFriendly staff, low prices, good food and amazing portions
4	As a New Yorker I'm am particular about my pizza. But this is pretty close. The people are friendly the service is good. Great food the chicken Parm is one of my favorite I recommend you try it...
4	GREAT affordable Italian food. I eat here almost once a week. And the portions are usally enough for two meals! Carry out is always ready when I arrive. Very small dine in seating area.
4	I'm a fan.  I recently started working in the area and frequent this establishment for lunch.  I normally get a couple of slices and a coke, but occasionally opt for one of their meals.  The pizza is great.  The crust isn't bland, and it's nice and thin.  I usually ask them to make mine well done, and they do.The only thing keeping me from giving them that 5th star is the mushrooms.  They used canned shrooms and advertise it as so in the menu.  Let me tell you, fresh mushrooms would just set off some of their dishes.  I don't mind the canned kind, but I personally prefer fresh.With that being said, the staff has always been wonderful, the service has never been bad, and the prices are AMAZING!  I definitely recommend anyone looking for a great little pizza joint that has a nice, relaxing atmosphere.
5	I work nearby so we eat at Giacomo's frequently. It is one of the best Italian restaurants that I have been to. From the Chicken Fettuccini alfredo to the HUGE individual slices of pizza, everything I have had from there is amazing! The staff is always so friendly. Highly recommend!!
5	Excellent pasta dishes, pizza, daily specials.  We eat here once a week.  The staff are exceptionally friendly.It is not a big restaurant not for large parties (6 or less).They cater to offices, and events.
3	I ate there for Lunch on Friday.  Ordered the steak and cheese sub.  The sub was great, the bread was great and next time I will get my food to go.  Only three stars because it took 20-25 minutes to get my food.  Too long of a wait for a lunch break.
4	I ordered take out tonight and was so happy....this food was delicious!  The servings were huge and the quality of the food was great.  I ordered the eggplant parmesan and it tasted homemade and there was a perfect amount of cheese.  The ziti with pink sauce was oh so creamy.  The garlic knots...wow.  So very tasty.  And the zeppole were light, sweet, and addictive.  I can't wait to go back and dine at the restaurant - if my experience meets my expectations, they will definitely get a 5!
1	We had a call in order. We were told it would be ready I'm 15 mins. We arrived 20 mins later to be told that they were changing the oil for the wings and it would be 30 mins extra to complete our order. Are you kidding me!?!? If I wanted to wait at your restaurant for good I wouldn't have called it in.  They deliver but only for orders over $100 and I told them I live 3 miles away and they need to deliver it to me for this complete in inconvenience . The "manager "said he would resolve this now and get our wings with their fresh oil.  How can this happen?? Oil takes a long time to heat.  We then had to sit for another 12 minutes waiting on our order. To make matters worse, the wings are totally from the old oil and they didnt even give us a discount.  The good may be good here normally, but this service will not be accepted.  Never again!!!!
3	I visited this restaurant on Friday evening after a very physically demanding day. I was ravenous and had a hankerin' (this is NC after all) for Italian food and knew that my kids would be happy with passable pizza. First off, the place, which is small, was packed and had a thirty minute wait, which in itself is a good sign.  Once we finally were seated, there was a delay of a few minutes before we met our server. Thankfully, she brought some fresh, hot bread which more than made up for the delay. Delicious rolls work wonders on the hungry soul! I had the special which included chicken parm and lasagna, and i found it to be quite nice indeed.Overall, the food was fine, neither delicious nor bad, and it hit the spot for that moment in time, hence the three star rating.
