1	Fashion Nails is located right next to Pin Kaow Thai Restaurant on Rainbow Blvd and Lake Mead Blvd. The first time I came here I tried to get my nails done, but failed. My second attempt to go here was to get an eyebrow wax (not my usual spot that I go but it's close to my house). I waited 45 min, I understand it was busy but still at least let me know how long the wait is and don't say I'll be right with you when it means 45 minutes later, so I ended up leaving. The place is pretty clean and they have a flat screen TV so you can watch. As for customer service the guy was nice and offered me water while I was waiting but they do not know how to follow up.
4	This place is a diamond in the rough.  Been coming here for a year now.  Luna is the manager and she is the best in town.  This place is always clean.  I have not got a pedicure here, but I overheard some ladies saying they were the best place to get them.  They look like you get your money's worth.  I saw them massaging, and they really go at it.  The place is always filled with ladies that take care of themselves.  I just tell Luna to surprise me.  She just needs to know what color you want and I love bling.  She always makes me happy.  And I get so many compliments.  I would have gave them 5 stars but, they seem but they make the kids wait so long.  In my opinion if your child is happy and taken care of then Mom is too.  The little girls are just happy with their nails in the soapy water. Just make them feel happy so Mom can relax.    Word of advice: make a appointment, they are always so busy!!!!  It's so worth the wait... I was in the salon with my daughter for almost 4 hours.
1	Don't waste your time for your money. I went in, waited for 10 minutes which wasn't a big deal. When I sat down the girl who was doing my manicure was also doing another girls manicure at the same time. She didn't even fully remove my previous mail polish before she started putting a gelcoat on top of it. After I told her, I realize she didn't speak any English and had to get the manager over. The manager immediately saw that her manicurist wasn't doing the job properly and got me over to another manicurist who was fine. The only problem was that now I had been there one and a half hours and I had to go. I didn't have time for them to even put a color on top and then she wanted to charge me full price. My nails never even got done and I was charged full priced for a manicurist who couldn't do her job.
4	Great!  My friends told me about this place a long time ago, but I just hadn't had the time to check it out. I'm glad I finally did, the service was great I was taken care of in a timely manner and my full set was done in what I felt was very timely. I will definitely be coming back. THANK YOU!
