5	Close to the strip, but easy access from the 215. Always squeezes me in, even if he just comes in for me! Offers suggestions and looks for individual person. Fun atmosphere! Always great music and vibe.Also love that he let's me text for appointments.Do it!!
5	Ask for Molly! Loved the razor cut she did on my hair! Add a blow out to that and you get amazing hair! Awesome environment and great music. Very close to main streets and freeway. Highly recommend this place!
5	Trendy vibes, good cuts, and great personality. Matt cut my hair very well, but not before we chatted for a few minutes about what I wanted and how to achieve it, a very important part that is skipped or rush at too many salons. I felt comfortable throughout the entire time as we talked and he worked. The after cut wash was complimented with a serious head massage, very relaxing The inside of the store was pretty chic, I attached some pictures for people to see. I also saw a young girl get her hair done, and colored, it looked really cool. A neat purple color, its nothing I would ever get.... but they did a great job from what I could tell.Located in the same plaza as Stoney's, though the plaza itself has seen better times, I haven't had a better haircut anywhere else!
5	About time I wrote this one.Matt Rose cuts a mean head a hair; I have been going to him for over two years now.I would recommend the Rose 702 Salon to both the ladies and the gents.One of the many reason I like Rose's is because they are by appointment only so they have enough time to make sure you are happy and look good. Matt is the stylist I go to and I definitely recommend him but the other guys and girls are great too. I'm not the best at talking about what I want with my hair, just "tighten it up and leave a little room for style"...and at Rose 702, this will not result in a Pee-Wee or Marine haircut. Either way my hair comes out great and even grows out nicely as well.The shampoo and hot towel massage for your head and face is a welcome addition to the cut.A great cut at a great price with a hot towel.
5	Overall, I'd give this place 4 1/2 stars.  Unfortunately, Yelp believes half stars just won't do, so we reviewers have to choose to round either up or down.  Personally, to me it's not as easy as just adopting a policy of "I will always round down," or rather "I will always round up."  When I add up all my "category stars" and realize that I'm left with a "half" I must go with my gut as to whether it is more appropriate in each particular case to go up or down.  Because the 5 I'm giving for service (see below) really could be a 6 if Yelp allowed it, as it was just that spectacular, this establishment deserves a "round-up," to 5.  It's the least I can do.I was nervous upon approach.  That's because from the other reviews, online pictures, and flashy website, this placed seemed COOL.  And while I consider myself "cool," I need to admit I am a mom of a toddler now, have been out of the loop for quite awhile, and if we're going to be honest, probably even in my best days was never THAT COOL.  lol.  But, I took deep breaths and went, because even with my nerves, I needed a haircut and new hairdresser!  I have been searching in vain ever since my favorite stylist moved away a year ago for a new one that will treat me well and do a fantastic job.  My hope was that Matt Rose would be it!  Fortunately, my visit was *beyond* successful and I can report that Matt will be my new favorite go-to hairdresser.  And Kailyn, one of his fellow staffers, will be my new "brow girl."Service: 5 stars.  (If I could give more, I would.)  I was greeted promptly upon arrival by smiling faces.  Everyone had their hands full, but the stylist closest to the front made sure I was helped to the best of his ability until an employee returned from the back and asked me about my appointment, pointed out my stylist to me, and invited me to sit.  My eyebrow waxing was done by Kailyn.  And I've never been happier with the result.  She was also pleasant to speak with and very friendly.  My stylist was Matt, who also happens to own the salon.  What impressed me most was that he really took his time.  I didn't feel rushed.  I am so tired of paying for a service, be it beauty or dinner, and feeling like the other people around me are more important than I am, and so I must hurry and "get done."  Matt was *more* than generous with his time and attention.  He let no detail go uncared for and gave me the cut of my life!  I can't fail to mention Laura (Lauren?  Sorry.) who shampooed me and gave me the most amazing scalp massage ever!  A-ma-zing. [Personal notes: I also didn't feel as embarrassed as I thought I would for having let my hair get so unruly and long between cuts.  We women are sensitive about our appearance.  The last thing we want when paying someone to make us over, is to first get a lecture about how we look.  That sounds like common sense, but in my search for a new stylist, I have more than once (!) been berated by the hairdresser about how they can't believe I have gone so long between cuts, etc.  Um, I'm busy and a mother, my devotion goes other places, thank you.  But Matt was sweet and seemed understanding.  Also, in general, one thing that was extra great is that the staff really is COOL, just like I predicted.  And while I was there, the other clientele seemed to be up to their level.  Let's just say there was a bit of purple and red hair.  However, no one seemed judgmental or made me feel out of place for being just a little bit like a "frumpy soccer mom" compared to them.  :) Thank you, Matt and staff.]Decor and Ambiance: 4 stars.  The front of the house is great.  A faint "purple-grey" with bold, striking accent stripes.  I even thought the touch of having two barber seats outside for smoking and waiting was a nice addition.  I very much enjoyed the music that is played in the salon.  It added to the vibe.  There was pop, dance, some hip-hop--all upbeat.  But nothing so crazy as to make me feel like I just entered a night club on the strip.  (Remember, I'm only *so* cool.)On the decor and ambiance note, my only concern is the waxing area and back office.  Both are cluttered and cramped.  Kailyn had to set up the waxing table while I waited.  And anyone in the back being shampooed or waxed would have the same view I did.  Kailyn did apologize and insisted it's not always this way but that they are in the middle of a remodel and her waxing "room" is taking the brunt of it as they use it for some storage.  However, the office at least could have been curtained off or something, and I think because no client goes in there, storage could have been moved to it.  That way, with said curtain, no client would ever have to see or know of the mess.  Anyway, right now it just makes the back look unprofessional.  Or less professional than the front does.  Let's put it that way.All in all, like I said at the beginning, an absolutely superb experience!  And I will be back again and again!
5	Well, I'm impressed!!! Look, I basically was sick of paying good money to big chain corporations for a bad and rushed haircuts. I wanted to put my money in the pockets of a local business owner. I knew Matt Rose 702 was getting great reviews and wanted to check it out...I have to tell you... This place is great! Matt met me at the door, showed me around the Salon, and proceeded to give me a wonderful haircut!  I'm not too tough of a client when it comes to a haircut (just trim it up around the edges and some length on top to style) but the difference here was that I felt like a client and not Just the "Next Person On The List".The vibe here is amazing. Very clean and professional. All of the other stylists were very personable and hard at work. And great tunes on the stereo :)I will be making my next appointment in a few weeks and my Wife and Daughter will be making theirs for Color and Cut very soon. Thank you Matt for a great experience and will see you soon!
5	702 Salon is the ONLY place I go to get my hair done.As a model for Paul Mitchell, Lo'real, Matrix, Kim Vo, and KMS my hair has to be gorgeous all the time. I book work based on the condition and over all look of my locks. Justus Kerr at 702 keeps my hair beautiful all year round.          When I was living in LA I came to Vegas specifically to get my hair done by Justus. He is amazing. It's a very rare thing that I trust anyone else to cut or color me aside from him. I'm a tough cookie as far as my hair is concerned, I'm a little blonderexic, and sassy, but He listens to what I ask for and gives me hints and tips on various things. I am always more than satisfied when I leave the shop. I think it's safe to say that Justus Kerr rocks my socks, and he gives a great sexy shampoo...         The atmospere in the salon is great, I am always welcomed with open arms, the music is wonderful, and you couldn't ask for better customer service. I will always go back.
5	Being new in town I desperately needed to find a good salon where I could get a proper styling from folks that know what a hip head of hair should look like.  I was dreading the months of waiting in between bad haircuts that was inevitably in store for me - but thanks to Yelp, I didn't have to suffer through that.  Matt Rose 702 is the place to go for all the young hipsters out there that don't want the same old experience at twice the price.  A great cut, possibly the best head massage ever, great prices, and great music.  I left feeling relaxed, rejuvenated, and most importantly sexy as hell.  Boo-ya.
5	Been trying to find a place in Vegas to get my hair cut for nearly a year! Tried various places and people and one day came across a friend of a friend "Justus" who works here at Matt Rose. He did a great job and I will keep going back. Even the other stylists their all knew what they were doing and how to do it right. The inside is fun, outgoing, has a good mix of music playing and you can really enjoy yourself for any amount of time you end up spending there. Be sure to at least give them a try and save some money rather then going to a place on the strip!!
5	I've been looking for 4 years to find a great salon & I've finally found it!  My stylist was Justus & he was fantastic!!!!  He cut & highlighted my hair.  I'm thrilled!   He really listened to what I wanted, yet gave me something better.  You want great without it costing you a fortune?  This is the place & Justus is your stylist!
5	Awesome place!!!! Owner and all the stylist's there kick ass!!!
5	i love the atmosphere and the style there. Very comfortable and relaxing. Great style on cuts. I highly recommend Justus if you are looking for an edgy, stylish cut.
5	Phenomenal service in a chic yet friendly atmosphere.  It's a warm sense of trendiness that individualizes each experience to perfectly match the client. If you spend a lot of time salon hopping, make this the next stop on your list because it will undoubtedly be your last.
5	I got a great cut from Matt and, seriously, the best shampoo job I've ever had. That guy gave me an awesome head massage for like 10 minutes. Amazing. The salon is super hip and they are setting up a little resale shop for designer clothes in the back.$50 for just a cut this time, but I'll be back for color.
5	Justus is THE MAN when it comes to hair. He's a genius at color too. There's definitely a reason why I followed him from the good old Palms Place days when we worked together. Stop by and let him work his magic on you!!!
5	I highly recommend Matt Rose.  He saved my self-esteem by fixing a bad cut I had had done somewhere else.  I originally wanted a medium length graduated bob but for some reason the stylist I had earlier in the day at a different salon didn't seem to understand, or probably didn't really know how to do one.  She (the first stylist), completely f'kd up my hair by cutting #1 Too short, #2 Unevenly, and #3 Not graduated.  I went onto yelp to find a salon with great reviews and Phoenix stood out to me.  I called and spoke with Matt Rose himself.  He gave me a time later that day to come in.  I could tell he knew what he was doing by the way he took his time and paid attention to each snip.  The final result ended up looking like a shorter version of the graduated bob that I had wanted originally.  I was very happy that he was able to salvage the look I was going for.  Thank you Matt!  I'll be back.
2	The salon itself is nice enough for being situated in the one of the dodgiest looking strip malls in Vegas. However, the customer service from both Matt Rose and Justice left a lot to be desired. I got the Yelp $22 for $50 deal for this salon and got an appointment with Tammy. She was very nice and sweet but did not really know how to do a graduated bob. There is a district blunt edge to the back of the cut as well as layers, which were not blended in well. The cut itself also took an hour and a half, which I expected considering that I got a junior stylist. But the lack of supervision  and interest in my subpar haircut by he owners of the salon was disappointing.I cannot really recommend this place to anyone who wants a decent haircut.
5	I had my haircut and styled by Matt Rose today and it was amazing! My hair was long and stringy and I went in for a cut on my length and styled bangs. Tammy washed/dried/flat ironed my hair in record time which was such a highlight of my day since it takes me around an hour to do my own hair. Matt gave me one of the nicest haircuts that framed my face well and I have already received many compliments on my "new style".I will recommend this salon to all my friends and family as I have been very impressed with the caliber of the stylists. My hair feels and looks healthier and more manageable and I couldn't have asked for a better result.
5	Justus colored and cut my hair for the second time and I LOVE it!  It's short and sassy and the color fits me perfectly.  Finally a hairstylist that know what with talent!  I highly recommend this salon for all your hair care needs.
5	Called around 1PM and got an appointment same day with Justus at 3:30PM. I showed him a picture of what I had in mind for my desired hair style. He made suggestions to ensure the style would suit my face shape and hair type, then quickly went to work. I could not be happier! He did a fantastic job, was engaging and had a great sense of humor. When all was said and done he even offered me the $22 for $50 yelp deal (as that's how I found out about this gem), despite not purchasing the voucher. Justus was awesome and I will certainly be coming back to him from now on. :) So glad I found a salon in my new home town!
5	WOW! What an amazing experience. I went in for a standard trim to get rid of some dead ends and walked out with luscious locks that were singing the praise of my hairdresser, Danielle Riccardi. The atmosphere within the salon was fantastic as well. One of the owners, Justice, was there and was super helpful. I am terrible at explaining how I want my hair cut but Justice and Danielle were patient with me and collaborated together using different types of scissor techniques to bring my hair to life. It was a very cool experience to have their passion come to life through my hair cut. I will be recommending everyone I meet to go check them out.
5	I am so thankful I found this place.   After getting a haircut from a friend and realizing that it was a bad idea after the fact, I was in desperate need of fixing it.  After reading all the yelp reviews on here I decided to give this place a try since it's really near by.   I'm not going to lie,  I was a bit nervous since my hair was already a mess and I wasn't quite sure how much worse it could get. Soooo...  In comes Justus to save the day.   Justus is so confident and knowledgeable that he put me at ease when it came to what we were going to do to fix it.   He is very talented and knew exactly what and how he was going to help me get my confidence/hair back.   LOL...  He was the first stylist that has ever mentioned that the shape of my head could effect my hairstyle and I was super impressed with his awesomeness to see that.   So yeah he knew what he was doing.   BTW I don't have a weird shape head or anything.  Haha..  Needless to say Justus hooked it up and fixed everything so I will be coming back to him on a regular to maintain my hair.   I would definitely recommend Justus if your looking for a stylist who knows their craft.   Especially if you're Asian because our hair is kind of hard to work with.  Everyone that I met there were friendly too.
5	ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I made an appointment for a haircut correction. My hairdresser Matt Rose totally nailed it. He was very positive & not one time did he say an ugly thing about the previous stylist or the cut; which I admired. My hair feels & looks a million times better! Both him & Justus were sweethearts & can definitely cut & style some hair! Everyone that left their salon looked like a star. I know where I am making my next appointment! Can't thank them enough.
5	I cannot rave enough about the hair cut I got today. Justice (I hope I'm spelling that right, if not, I'm sorry) cut my hair. I had very long hair. I told him what I was looking for; something short, easy to maintain, a cut that would fit my face, and a no hassle haircut. I didn't have an exact haircut I was looking for, but kept it to the creativity of this man.And my hair looks wonderful! I haven't had short hair for over 20yrs and I'm in love with this cut! It's short and easy to manage but most importantly it has texture so it looks trendy and not too boring.I am from CA, but when I am in town and in need of a haircut, this will be the place I return to.
