5	Okay-I hate going to the dentist as much as anyone.  That's why I have chosen to make it as miserable for them as it is for me.  I berate them every chance I get.  For example, no matter what, I always wear a red shirt when I go to my dentist.  "It's so the blood won't show" , I tell them.If I am feeling particularily naughty I will eat Oreo cookies prior to my cleaning. Afterwards, while looking into a mirror near the technician (and hopefully within ear shot of other patients), I will boast, "Wow you got all the black crud out of my teeth!"  Please note; You may substitute a pulled pork sandwich instead.They also have DVD players at each station so you can watch a movie while your teeth are neatly removed.  I like to watch "Strangers with Candy" while I am in the chair.  This way I can  see someone who has way worse teeth than me.  Poor Jerri Blank.Bottomline is that they are really nice here.  They laugh and have a good time while you are under the lights getting drilled on.  All in all, good people and nice office.  I have been going to them for almost 20 years!
5	This place is great!  The dentist has an awesome 'bed side' manor and I just love the staff. Friendly and fun makes visiting the dentist a LOT easier. I have had some really bad experiences with previous dentists so I really appreciate when I find one that doesn't hurt me or push me through like a number. Finally found an office I can stay with!
5	I have been coming to Doctor Clifford since 96.I would not trust anybody else with my teeth.The staff is great, Linda and Brooke are always a pleasure to deal with.
5	After not seeing a dentist for 10 years, Dr. Clifford and his staff were amazing at cleaning and fixing my teeth (and did so with no judgement for waiting so long). Everyone there is extremely warm and friendly. This was like finding a good mechanic for me - someone you can trust to take care of you without trying to up-sell you on something, and make you feel comfortable they will fix it right.
