5	this place is wonderfully dive-esque and right in downtown. not like fun, art walk downtown, but still dead anytime after 5 p.m. downtown.the Newsroom is within an unsuspecting brick building, that also houses.. im not really sure, but the building is huge, the newsroom is about the size of a one bedroom apartment.there is two pool tables that i wouldn't bother trying to play on until i came here more than a few times in a row, if you know what i mean. cheap drinks, heavy pour wins my heart every time... but in this case, there was an ace in the hole with their two 1960's era "arcade" games.one is a bowling game that is set up just like a skeeball, except on a smaller scale - too cool, lebowski would be rpoud. the second, well, i never did figure out what the hell the object of the game was, but it was so old it only took nickels and seemed to be the prototype for pinball.*i heard this is now closed, sad face.
5	Ah what can I say about the Newsroom. It's a non-descript place with bars on the window and it never looks like it's open. Oh but trust me, it is.It's a place I like to go when I don't want to deal with people or get dressed up. Pete the owner is crazy, but has fun. The jukebox rocks and there are  pool tables that attract a lot of people. Some cool retro video games are there. The crowd is diverse from local artists chilling, to modsters, goths, freaks, bikers and old dudes from the neighborhood. It's one of those places that you would find in a shit-town in the midwest. And I would know.Drinks naturally are very cheap and with a super long bar, it's generally easy to get seats. Always meet a diverse group of people there and Pete keeps everyone in line.
5	i miss this place so much, it's insanity. ten high kentucky bourbon is all i can say.. and i never really cared how bad i felt the next day.
5	I lived in Phoenix back in 1995 and Pete was running the Newsroom then too. Pete didn't just give us blue collar kids a place to hang...he watched out for us too. Back then it was very common for one side of the bar to be drunk hotel workers and construction workers and the other half to be psychotic homeless dudes. We always felt safe though. Pete made sure of it.
