5	Great one-of-a-kind furniture and accessories.  The owners are friendly and helpful and have a good eye for interesting items.  I'm not sure what to call the store... vitage-y mostly mid-century (50s-70s) pieces.  We've scored some outstanding pieces at really good prices.Even if you don't need anything, this is a fun store to browse and you always feel welcome.
5	I can't believe that there is a funky vintage urban store that sells home furnishings, plates/cups/etc and general decor from the 1950s-70's.  I know that after a bit more serious looking I'm going to find some gems for my new pad here in Urbana, having relocated from the West Coast.The highlight of today's trip?  Rifling through the music bins and finding a Rick Springfield 1981 "Working Class Dog" album.  Hells yes.  Now I can listen to Jessie's Girl on my turntable ironically ALL SUMMER.Don't judge me.
5	It's the kind of store that makes your life easy, because you know what you want will eventually be there, you just have to stop in and check every once and awhile.From "real" things costing thousands to affordable things, its all there in abundance.I don't know how they find the stuff they do, its just awesome they do!I got an awesome 60's vinyl couch for 200$!
2	After the Furniture Lounge in downtown Champaign closed, I decided to have a look at the one in Urbana last summer.  While the Champaign location had a basement full of clothing and a few furniture items, this one was almost entirely furniture and decorations, and seemed a bit more sparse in its inventory.While I can't complain about the quality of service or the workers here, I can say that it is entirely overpriced.  While there is a fair selection of interesting stuff, I don't feel that the prices they ask for on their furniture are reasonable, even factoring in the expensive nature of these "vintage" stores.  While I went looking for paintings and other decorations for my apartment, I ended up leaving empty-handed since I couldn't stomach the prices.
5	Love this place! In addition to little finds now and again, I bought my dining room table and chairs there. They are my most loved furniture. Like everything at FL, high quality and unique. Too bad they moved to St. Joe.
5	The best vintage shop in Champaign! Scott and Amanda are always up for a chat about mid-century furniture, and are lovely people.Furniture Lounge is simply the best shop to go to if:* you are redesigning your home and need furnishings, lighting, decor* you are trying to find a unique gift for a friend or relative* you love thrifting, antiques, or vintage* you love mid century modern design* you want to look at something interesting and beautiful!They recently started taking credit via Square reader in their new downtown Champaign location.
4	I really like this place and must admit that my apartment is pretty much furnished by them. Scott and Amanda are super nice and know their MCM furniture. I am really happy that they are now back in downtown Champaign than in St. Jo, which I know isn't that far but I never really had the time to go over and wander through the store. Now that they are in CU I have already been there multiple times and always finding something to bring home. Also, Scott and Amanda give excellent customer service-- they have not only delivered items to my house free of charge, but also negotiated on a couple prices. They have even thanked my via FB to shopping locally. Yes, somethings can be a little pricey-- but coming from the West Coast they are always cheaper than what I would pay back home.
5	A small local business like Furniture Lounge is only as good as its owners, and Amanda and Scott are the best.  From Soviet matryoshki to Herman Miller side-boards this duo has a great eye for the bygone style of the mid-century.  This shop is a true treasure for Champaign's mods.
5	I absolutely love the selection they have in this store. I love the furniture and decorations. There are some really funky things from lamps, chairs to glasses and fondue sets. Really neat stuff. It's pretty fun just to look around and see everything. I have the most amazing necklace ever, thanks to them. They have some really unique pieces of jewelry. I  like that I can get a piece that nobody else in town will have, but I don't have to spend a fortune and don't have to sacrifice quality. I love the clothes, too. I've bought some of my favorite tshirts and sweaters there. Last time I went, I found the most awesome, vintage, Illini sweater. If you like cook, vintage Illini clothes, they had a ton last time I was there.It's worth it to go in and take a look. Lots of fun things to see and buy!
5	THE F N BEST. Did I really start this review like that? yep. I kinda want everything in the store when I go in. The owners are knowledgable and nice, not often a quality I have found in the mid century game. There is something for everyone, and price points for everyone. Step your game up folks and stop buying big box crap, folks use to make really good stuff back in the day, stop in and find your piece.
5	We love Furniture Lounge! Scott and Amanda have great stuff at reasonable prices, and it is always fun just to stop in and see what's new. So far we have bought from them: two chairs and end table for the living room, two lounge chairs for my two boys' bedrooms, night stand, fabulous'Carp' standing lamp, a secretary desk, and a wonderful cabinet that we use as a bar.  Plus some perfect sets of wine glasses and drinking glasses.
