5	This is really something to check out.  This is just one of many greenway trails through out Charlotte.  McAlpine was the first to be build and is really a great way to get some exercise and see the natural side of Charlotte.  This trail stretches from Harris Blvd to Sardis Rd with lots of off shoots along the way.  It's great for walking, biking, and just exploring.  There are lots of awesome things to find along this trail, my friend and I love to visit the small bamboo grove we found here.  It's like being in ancient China, but then I have an overactive imagination.  You'll have to see it for yourself and make your own discoveries.
5	My doggy and me love McAlpine Creek Greenway. The trail is long and covers a variety of terrain, including a decent little hilly section. It's fun to fun around behind and between all the neighborhoods and businesses in the area, and my dog loves it. I mean, she really loves it. When I get her on the leash and gather her into the car, she freaks out.There's a beautiful lake in the middle of the park that the trails wind around, and there's geese for her to bark at around the creek. I've seen people fishing out there as well. I don't fish, but it's kind of neat to see people fishing in the middle of the city.The best time to go is really early in the morning. I've been out there early and been able to let the dogger get off the leash for a bit. She loves running free in the tall, wet grass in the morning.
4	Road cyclists beware, while they mention part of the trail being paved, they could've omitted that and you wouldn't find much different.  However, the packed dirt with that little flaky gravel isn't much of a trouble for cruisers, hybrids like mine, or mountain bikes.  A pretty straight course lets you get up to speed well for the surface type and makes for much easier passing than some of the more winding greenways around here.  Some of the signs could've been better, such as when the course forks and comes back around to itself, yet I'm left wondering which way goes where, but you'll realize what's going on soon enough.  Most of the path is pretty open air, not too many overhanging trees until you get past the pond.  Speaking of, it has some benches out and even a little fishing pier, which is a nice touch.  On one side of the pond there appears to be a stage, so I'm assuming that there's some live entertainment that's there from time to time.  Wrapping the pond and continuing  both through the grassy area to the east as well as north is a 5k cross country course, nice touch.  There are also a few soccer fields dotting the pathsides.If you cross Margaret Wallace Rd you can get onto the Campbell Creek Greenway, which I unfortunately did not do as I did not realize at the time that it existed.  That would probably be the perfect way to add a handful more miles to my cycling as I currently go about 20mi round trip and am looking to up that.It would be nice if there was a sidewalk that continued down Sardis Rd (in the opposite direction of Charlotte Christian School) to eventually lead to Pineville-Matthews, but I found most drivers to be extremely cautious and patient, many not passing me on the road up the hill until I signaled to let them know I was holding position.  Not really a fault of the park, just to let people know that would be coming from this direction or heading back to it.If I were to rate this on cycling alone it would get a 2.5 or 3 out of 5, but due to all of the extra amenities I believe that it deserves a solid 4.  Will update with pictures next time that I go there as I always let myself just take the ride in the first trip.
4	McAlpine Greenway is near and 'far' at the same time.  If you live around SE Charlotte, you've likely crossed this gem and didn't realize it.  The nearly six mile stretch connects you to a park with soccer fields, a real marsh, a pond, and pristine wooded trails co-existing beside the busy Independence Blvd, Monroe, and Sardis Roads.  A true urban oasis.The park snakes around the creek from Harris Boulevard, to Margaret Wallace Rd., to Monroe Rd. and eventually to Sardis Rd.  Your best bet for parking is the park on Monroe Rd.-there is park attached to the greenway here where you will find soccer fields, the pond, and a doggie park.  While most of greenway is a long trail without trees directly overhead, there are several side trails on the Monroe Rd.-Sardis Rd. stretch of the greenway that literally envelop you in a tree-covered canopy.  I love these trails because its possible to feel completely alone...lush greenery, wildflowers, and occasionally deer. Unlike other city parks/greenways, this greenway has some veritable getaways.  The paths are gravel, as Shawn A. notes, so the park has a less manicured feel than other CLT parks. Aside from the park on the Monroe Rd. entrance, most of the greenway is for the lone jogger, dog walker, or nature lover.  No amphitheaters, fountains, or other frills at McAlpine, just the chance to get away from city life for awhile.
4	I've come to McAlpine on a few occasions and have enjoyed my leisurely strolls around the trails.  There is a great lake in the middle and I most recently discovered the dog park.  I heard from WOM that this wasn't a great dog park but I'm glad I came to find out for myself.  My dogs love it here and I have met some really great people and their pups.  This has now become a regular activity for me on the weekends.  Another plus there is always parking.
5	Take a walk from Starbucks or Trader Joe's on the NE side @Rea Rd.Run all the way to the parking lot on Pineville Matthews Rd. in silence and peace for a lovely 6 mile workout.  At dusk you'll see deer.  In the swamps between Elm Rd and Johnston you'll see LOTS of nesting Great Blue Heron and other active waterfoul.A mix of asphalt, bridges, and packed gravel.Under construction where a pipeline is being built at the intersection with Johnston Rd.
4	I used to walk the trails around the lake at lunch with some coworkers.  Perhaps not the most scenic trails in the area, as if you caught the overflow just right, you would get to see all sorts of crap shooting down the concrete.  But still nicer than most trash off to the side of Independence Boulevard or Monroe Road.In fact, if you follow the creek to the other side of Independence, you can walk all the way along a path of sewer vents until you are a good ways up Harris Boulevard, and that is where the greenway eventually peters out, next to a neighborhood and across from some apartments.This is probably one of the better portions of the trail, since most people do not seem to know that it exists - the areas off the actual park (near the dog park) seem to be a bit more popular most of the time.  Definitely worth the hike if you get the chance, and much more enjoyable in the fall when the trees have loads of color in them.  Make sure you give the methane vents a safe distance though.
5	I use this greenway a lot and is a great alternative to running on the road and having to watch out for cars.  There are many entrances, but I usually park off a gravel lot over off of Margaret Wallance and run underneath Independence Blvd to get into the park.  The 5K course is great with markers in kilometers and miles... there's a great hill in the middle of the course marking the 1.5 mile mark.  There is also a big pond in the middle that a lot of people use to run loops or fish in.Tip:  look out for signs because sometimes this location occasionally has an event where the trails are closed or the main parking lot (off of Monroe Rd) is jam packed.  I think they still run the Wendy's Invitational here for HS cross country teams [in October] and they even have some college events here as well - good for watching runners and races... bad for if you are trying to get in some exercise yourself.
4	Yay for the doggy park off of Monroe.  I drove down here one Saturday morning, walked the dog around a bit and then let her loose in the designated dog park, which I think the website says is a bit over an acre of fenced in fun for Fido.  There was a constant flow of people coming in and out so if your intent is for your dog to socialize, you will meet that goal here on a warm Saturday.  If you have a well behaved hound you can chill on the benches while they run with the pack, sniffing, digging, rolling around, doing all of that nasty dog stuff and there's plenty of room to play a bit of fetch and tug of war.  There's a hose hooked up too in case your dog gets gross.  I like this park, but it is a bit out there for me so I may end up making Frazer park my main stop for dog antics.  If you live near the greenway, check it out.
3	went here with a friend to look around and see what is it all about maybe another time when it is not so hot  right now i think this park is not so hot as the weather is
4	Not as fancy as Freedom Park, McAlpine Creek gets the job done. The greenway runs from Margaret Wallace, under Independence Blvd and Monroe Rd, all the way to Sardis Rd. No need to worry about crossing traffic, you have an uninterrupted three mile stretch of gravel to enjoy. There are several trails at the park too, at least four soccer fields, and a nice scenic pond in the middle of it all. The dog park is nice too, but is much smaller and lacks the amenities of William Davies park off of Pineville-Matthews Rd. Even on a busy Saturday, it's well worth it to go for a jog here as it's never as densely packed as Freedom Park.
4	McAlpine Creek Greenway has a great dog park. The people are very nice. It would be nicer if they had two separate dog parks (one for small dogs) like some of the other Mecklenburg dog parks do. The park overall is kind of ugly and old in some parts and there is a creepy vibe to it in some places. Some areas are very sewer like but the dog park gives it a higher score.
