4	Panda is really good.  If your looking for a decent take out chinese dinner, that's about $7 for 3 entrees, this is the place to go.  It's a bit greasy, but tastes just fine!  The only thing I really don't like is the fact that the Kung Pao Chicken tastes like pork (eww).  The resturaunt is always super clean, and so are the restrooms.  Great for eat in, or take out.  The people are always nice, but you can tell when they're having a bad day.  I love to go here to hang out with my friends and have a good time.  I'm surprised they haven't thrown us out yet! :P
4	As with many chains, this Panda Express location doesn't have a lot to add to.  However, the food was tasty (mmm... MSG), the service was solid, and the interior was clean.
4	Food tasty for a fast food.
4	I love panda express especially this one the girls are always nice and polite. The only complaint I would have is they always run out of teriyaki chicken :/Still love this place tho! The food has always been good and the seating and tables have always been clean. Would definitely recommend this location if you are in the area.
4	I had not eaten at this particular Panda until now. The guy behind the counter confused me a little bit because he looked at me like he was ready to take my order, but then started talking to another person behind the counter. Then I started to say what I wanted, but I still didn't have his full attention. Hmph! Had to start giving my order about 3 times before he was ready to listen. The chow mein looked a little sad but I was getting fried rice so it was okay. The mixed veggies were also sad-looking but the guy was nice enough to ask my boyfriend if he wanted fresh vegetables (he did). A lot of the food actually looked fresh... particularly the honey sesame chicken and sweet fire chicken. But I was getting the teriyaki chicken which is pretty much always fresh. They packed my Panda Bowl with fried rice and teriyaki chicken! Impressive. I noticed the sign saying their ice maker was broken so we made the decision to take our food to go so we could split a large Panda Passion tea and put our own ice cubes in it. My Panda Bowl was still hot when we got home. And it was good! The rice was cooked well and the chicken tasted fresh & delicious. Best Panda we've had in awhile. Maybe next time they will have ice and we can dine in. :)
