4	Shopping at Brooks Brothers on the day after Christmas has become as tradition for me and my family. The markdowns and deals are AMAZING and the service remains at the premier levels that we expect.Outside of the Christmas period, Brooks Brothers remains the staple location to purchase classic American business/casual clothing.The Pittsburgh store is one of the older locations from what I have heard and its location suggests that. Its rare to see a quality store set up shop downtown unless they are grandfathered in.The mens selection downstairs focuses on the casual attires that is perfect for more laid back offices and everyday wear. Upstairs the store becomes more formal with suits and dressier attire.Across both levels the service remains top notch. Part of this service level is due to the fact that employees are based on commission, but even during crowded times, when the commission situation is dramatically different, I still get the same personal Brooks Brothers service.
3	I've recently been to my local downtown Brooks Brothers to get a suit that i ordered from them online altered.I would say that on the whole, the service was ok. That's exactly middle of the road. Nothing fancy, nothing glaringly incompetent although nothing spectacular either. Just 3 stars.As with all these stores, the highlight is the tailor (in this store's case, seamstress). She had a reasonable eye and quickly sized up where changes needed to be made. I would give her an A- only because beyond the extended basics, she didn't really have much to say, no real opinion to speak of except for making sure that arms and legs were the right length and the torso and neck were correctly aligned which, practically speaking are the most important things you want in a suit. Perhaps i wanted an auteur, which may be asking a bit much, but i had no complaints, i didn't feel i was dealing with a true craftsperson, which maybe is a lofty goal, but it still earns an A- from me. In this store, it's a two story deal. At the ground floor you've got casual wear and mens dress shirts, cufflinks and dress shoes. I found the greeter (manager?) on the ground floor to be incredibly attentive in contrast with nearly everyone else on that floor whose typical manner is curt and disengaged. "excuse me, do you have any of this glen plaid in orange?" "no, sorry, just what you see." [walks away]. End of story. What happened to the salesperson that looked for some alternative? The salesperson that enquired if this request for a $75(!) tie was perhaps for some important occasion where some other alternative might be readily available? Not here.Upstairs you've got the suits where the staff seems oddly diminished. At any time i've been up there, i see perhaps one person working the whole floor. The younger (mid 40s) sales staff seem more attentive in general up here and seem to manage multiple customers with better aplomb. The older salesperson i encountered when picking up my suit seemed scattered and seemed caught off guard when i asked to try on my altered suit which required a single 5 minute touch-up regarding the top button on the jacket which was slightly uneven.I have to wonder if i'm really expecting too much from this chain. I think my main frustrations stem from the utter cluelessness of the majority of the staff. My experience at this store (and one in san diego) seems to indicate that it really doesn't hurt to be a waspish 50-something, because at least then the staff seems to be head over heels to sell you anything (have you seen our 3 shirt special or our new levis 514s?!), but given my experience with them once it's clear that, yes, i *do* intend to buy something, their knowledge seems lacking and toadyish at best. I'm not sure if that's really the kind of attention i want.I suppose this is part of the "decline of a once great brand" which appears to have stretched itself a bit thin by entering into Ralph Lauren's market with their new prep-student focus "Fleece for children."  Or maybe it's always been this way. Whatever. I just want a better-than-mediocre suit experience, is that really too much to ask for?
5	I have had good experiences in this store, dealing primarily with the men's shirt department upstairs. The quality is very good, my shirts are made in the U.S., the fit is perfect, and when I've been in the store picking fabrics or picking up ordered shirts, the staff has been friendly and attentive.I won't shop for shirts anywhere else. I appreciate being able to pick out a fabric and pull the rest of the shirt details from past orders.
1	Of many Brooks Brothers stores that I've shopped in, this was by far the worst experience.  My partner and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon while walking around in Downtown and enjoying the day.  Upon entering the store, the woman nearest the door completely ignored us and yet managed to greet the two who walked in immediately behind us.  Of note, the store was completely empty except for the two of us and the other pair.  We went on to browse their summer button-down casual shirts, going on being ignored, for at least ten more minutes.  Another associate - a young man - came by to straighten up the stacks of shirts.  He didn't deem us worthy of speaking to either.  After moving to a different section of the store, the same woman who paid us no attention at the door, decided she needed to explain to us rather condescendingly how the company's regular v. slim fit sizing was indicated by the color of tag inside the collar.  Clearly, she didn't look closely or she'd have noticed I was wearing a Brooks shirt.  I'm not a rube who fell off of the truck from the farm this morning...Following that exercise, she asked where our "friends" went.  I replied that we weren't with the others, the ones she'd actually greeted earlier.  All in all, I don't think I'll worry about returning to this location any time soon.  Just because a customer is wearing shorts and flip-flops doesn't mean they're not going to buy anything.  One bad experience does not a bad company make, but it's hard to forget being treated like trash.
