4	Rather an odd mixture of a restaurant and whilst my fears about the booking not having registered were unfounded the request to reduce our seating from 12 to 7 hadn't been taken on board. How authentically Argentinian it is I can't really say having only been to one similar place in the past and that being part of a chain in Germany. As other reviewers have pointed out the staff are certainly not South American and whilst the menus state the steaks are all Argentinian meat there are pictures of Highland cows on the wall which seems rather incongruous. Having said all that none of my party had any complaints about either their starters or mains, the wine was decent, the service attentive and the prices pretty much what you'd expect for steaks. Probably one to come back to.
4	If you like steak, go here, seriously.We wandered by this place a few weeks ago and The Man was absolutely raring to try an Argentinian steak so after our pints at the Old Bell Inn, we came here for dinner.We each had a starter - he had the ribs and I chose ... argh I'm completely forgetting what it was called but it was like a fried dough filled with tasty vittles, one had meat and one was veggie.  We were both very impressed with our starters, though I preferred mine.  On our table was some kind of relish/sauce type accompaniment which I tried with my starter and was absolutely fantastic.  We then each (of course!) went for a steak.  The Man went for the full deal with sauce, chips and salad , while I went a la carte and selected a steak without sauce and a side of asparagus.The steaks were cooked to perfection.  I cannot emphasise enough just how perfectly cooked they were.  I have to admit mine was a bit salty for my taste, because I don't generally salt my food, but it was still exceptional.  The Man was also completely bowled over by his choice.  The chips and salad were nice, though the asparagus was cooked to the point of being both mushy and stringy and we only made it through some of it before turning toward our much more tasty mains.  Additionally, our wine was nice and the wait staff were incredibly nice.However.One big however - the drunkest man in the world wandered in and the wait staff were too nice to turn him away so they seated him, right next to us.  They even served him more alcohol.  Eventually he started harassing me and was starting to get agressive with my guy when we decided it was time to leave.  At no point in this exchange did the staff intervene at all, though they were giving me sympathetic looks while he was trying to talk to me.  It wasn't a huge deal but I thought it should have been dealt with by the manager - he/she shouldn't have let him in in the first place, let alone served him more alcohol, but once the staff let him in they should have looked after their other patrons.  I would definitely go back, but my dining experience was somewhat dampened by captain drunk, though he story has proved to be an amusing anectode!
5	Fantastic!Without a doubt the best steak I've had in Edinburgh. Thoroughly recommend Los Argentinos if you're a lover of quality steak, chicken and lamb cooked to perfection.If you're a vegetarian, keep walking.
5	For some reason I have always struggled to get a decent steak at a decent price in Edinburgh. Los Argentinos has come to the rescue. I do agree that the decor could maybe be improved, although I'm here for the steak. They have made tweaks since they opened such as adding new,  more intimate, lighting and the nice pots for the chimichurri. The most important factor for me if the steak, which is second to none.  and even the starters such as the ribs are fab. Good value is to go for the special dishes which include fries / baked potato and salad as standard. Can't wait to go back.
4	It was a long week last week. I reached the end, feeling fully strung out, and ready to go out and drink a dozen margaritas and throw myself on the dancefloor, in an attempt to destress. Of course, none of that happened, because before even reaching the end of my meal, my eyelids were almost to the floor. Stress does tire one out. But, as I drifted off to sleep, I was sent on such a lovely little journey by way of Los Argentinos.  I have to let the boy steak every so often, or he gets a little rambuctious, so why not let him eat at one of the reputedly best places in town?Now, to be fair and it's four not five stars because the vegetarian option sucks bottom. You could argue that it's a steakhouse so be grateful, but at least provide an option of grilled veg (it's a side) and not potato, rice and corn. Bit too much carb for me, so it wasn't an option. The baked potato that I did have was on the raw side too and, as Jame O noted, the salad wasn't particularly impressive. Grilled asparagus was fab, but the garlic sauce accompaniment tasted like lighter fuel. On the other side, I had the grilled tuna and that was something new for me. The chargrilled flavour on top of some nicely cooked tuna was fantastic - and a hefty steak at that. Throw a little chimichurri on the side and it was fantastic. The boy tucked into some sirloin and rump steak... and reported that it was as good as the reviews said they would be. By the time we finished our main, we were done and it was time for bed, not beer as originally intended. But oh... what a way to go....
4	I keep coming back to Los Argentinos because, to date, I have not had a steak anywhere in Edinburgh which comes close to the amazingness found here.  Plus, not only are the portions generous, it's about half the price of many of the steak houses in the city centre.The starters are a bit unusual (I always get the empanadas, and the veggie one especially is amazing), and the desserts are admittedly a bit uninspired.  But let's be honest, you probably won't have room for dessert anyway.Los Argentinos is a brilliant place to come in a group as the ambiance needs a bit of an oomph, but then I don't do a lot of chatting when I'm here, just a lot of eating.
3	It seems you CAN judge a book by its cover. I'd always been a bit ambivalent about Los Argentinos. Everyone raves about the steaks, but it does look a bit naff from the outside. And ... yep, delicious steak, but the venue is a bit basic and the whole experience just didn't quite cut it for me. I think of steak as a special occasion food, I suppose, and so I do want a nice table, maybe some candles, decent glasses for the wine. And you just don't get that at Los Argentinos - it's sort of cafe-like, with bare tables and everything a bit on the budget side. My tomato salad was actually an iceberg salad, with a few slices of tomato - nice enough, but still a disappointment. Roasted veg, similar. So - yeah. Great steak, decent price, nice people, but not really somewhere I'd rush back to.
4	Considering my husband is from Argentina, we didn't hold our breath when we first went to Los Argentinos restaurant as we didn't think that it could truly compare to the food across the water.  However, for once we were happy to have been proved wrong!  Although the interior doesn't really shout Argentina (there are photos of Rabbie Burns on the walls), the food certainly does!  This is one of the restaurants that we frequent regularly and always come out smiling.  It is a small restaurant so it is nice and quaint for either a night with friends or even a hot date.  We have worked our way through the Argentinean wines on the menu and the Malbec and Cab Sav are winners.  Similarly, I've had several of the steaks (bife de lomo) options including peppered steak (bife a la pimienta), steak with garlic (bife al ajo) and steak with a creamy mushroom sauce (bifen champignones a la cream) which is my favourite.  The steaks come with a huge bowl of chips and another gigantic salad which are two meals in their own right!  I dare you to walk out of this restaurant having cleared your plate because as of yet I have failed to achieve this!  One of the reasons though may be down to the fact that I always go for the chorizos caseros (sausages) for starter which usually fills me up but they are too tasty not to order!  For those fish lovers out there the grilled prawns (gambas a la parrilla) are meaty and suculent.  Something for everyone and a little taster of Argentina without the price of the flight ticket!!!
4	Been meaning to review this place for ages. I took a bunch of people that know what a good steak is here and none of us came away disappointed. The Gigantic tbone and the 400g sirloin in particular were the highlights I think. For value for money, service and great food this is definately my favoutite steak restaurant. I compared the prices of tbones with some other restaurants around the town I have eaten in recently and it really doesnt compare this is it for me. The dishes ordered were:- Tres Carnes. Three types of steak on one plate looked great and massive thumbs up.- Bife con heso gigante. The gigantic tbone... this was what i ordered the first time I visited and many visitslate and my order still hasnt changed. - 400g Sirtloin. this was impessive and gobbled up surprising quickly. :D- Beef kebab. never really been keen on kebabs but this looked very nice.Everything is served with a baked potatoe / chips and s side salad, so the prices are inclusive. They have a veg option too, but our token veggie couldnt make it along this particular evening.Only reason for not giving this five stars is the beer selection. I dd not look at the wine menu but beer and spirits were limited. I think it was Fosters as the only draft option.
5	If you prefer to eat solely in swanky restaurants, this won't be the place for you. If like me, however, you appreciate good food in all settings, then get down to Los Argentinos. With more of a cafe vibe than a restaurant, this is a relaxing place to grab an excellent steak. And Argentinian Steak is what this place is all about, yes there are Grilled Chicken and Fish options on the menu, but the steak is the real speciality. For starters we had Empanadas, which are mini pastie-shaped samosa like affairs. One spicy mince & peppers etc the other spiced vegetables.  A good, authentic starter. We also had the Grilled Tiger Prawns which were absolutely delicious, the chargrill flavour permeating throughout. Having ordered the Chorizo sausages to start, in one of many little aspects that characterised the superb service, the waitress pointed out that Chorizo was included in our main and asked if we wanted to change. The staff struck the balance of being very attentive without becoming an unwanted distraction and were very friendly.  Back to the food, for the mains we opted for the Platas selections, which come with salad and either Chips or Jacket Potato. One person went for the Ribs and when they were brought out commented that she, "Couldn't possibly eat all of those". Anyway, she enjoyed them so much they were all devoured. Another of our party chose the peppered fillet steak which, having tried a little, was very tender and the sauce creamy. My brother and I shared the Mixta Platos, which was superb value. It is designed for two (a little like a Noah's Ark for meat lovers, 2 by 2 of everything) and came with;Chorizo Sausage - very rich and beautifully smokey. Ribs - tender ribs in tangy BBQ sauce. Grilled Chicken Fillets - with a lovely chargrilled taste. Rump SteakSirloin SteakFillet SteakThe steaks were really tasty and having three cuts represented on the same plate really made you appreciate the difference. From the more substantial, densely packed texture of Rump, to the almost creamy smoothness of the Fillet they were all delicious in their own way. In fact, with the flavour of the meat, I was reluctant to use any of the sauces apart from the Argentinian staple for grilled meat Chimichurri which I had pretty much every third mouthful or so. We had chips & a jacket potato as sides to this meat feast.  The potato was fluffy and the chips were crisp. The sauces I hadn't used with the steak proved to be excellent chip dips. Drinks were a bottle of Malbec and a couple of Quilmes beers (Argentina's most popular) brewed since 1888 and ideal with the steak. If you're looking for a casual dining experience and good steaks - I recommend a visit!(I was swung to give 5 stars rather than 4 due to the balance of quality of food and value for money)
4	There is one question you need to ask yourself before heading here, do you like steak?If you answer anything other than yes and drool at the very thought, then possibly Los Argentinos is not for you. This is the best place to get steak in Edinburgh and it is very reasonably priced as well. The interior of the restaurant is very basic and looks a bit dated however the steak makes up for this.If I had one criticism it would be the drinks selection available, in many ways it would be better to run the place as a purely bring your own bottle establishment, however this isn't a pub/bar (if you want a drink the Cask and barrel is just up the road) it is a place where you get glorious steak!
5	Glad to say this place lived up to the hype. Amazing steak, service and starters. I would highly recommend this place, can not wait to go back. The staff are so friendly, will do anything for you and very attentive. I recommend the main for 2 people, I can't remember what it's called but you get a mix of three steaks, ribs, chicken, chorizo and salad. Oh and the chips, come in a massive bowl, yum.
5	Had dinner here last week and once again it surpassed itself in service and food. Three of us went again and ordered the huge menu option which is for two people but they customized it for three. Basically you get three smaller than average steak cuts each, chorizo sausage, BBQ ribs, chicken breast a side salad and a massive bowl of fries. All of which is truly delicious and devoured. On this occasion they gave us four pieces of steak each, as they recognized us and they know we drive an hour to come here. This was so nice of them and appreciated but left no room for desert this time. The fries are delicious and dunking them in the many different sauces that come with your steak is wonderful. The staff/owners are so friendly, chatty and helpful and it definitely makes come back. They offered us a free Tea/coffee or shot before leaving which was very nice. Can't wait to go back and try more items from the menu, it all sound mouth watering. As my last review for this place said, you need to go here I highly recommend this place and I am telling everyone to go. No one would be disappointed.
5	The best steak I've had in Edinburgh and the prices aren't unreasonable, either. If you love a good quality steak, cooked to perfection then look no further than Los Argentinos!
