5	I always take my vehicle here because they are all ASE certified and work well with my warranty company and they also help me out with prices. If you ask them about the coupon for an oil change, they give you that rate. I recommend these guys big time!
5	Absolutely wonderful!I have been a customer of Fletchers in South Chandler for about 10 years.  Their service has always been fantastic.The new management team (the last several months) of Joey and Courey have taken this location to new heights!Had a horrible run of car issues (on both cars) the last few months, and they have really not only taken care of each issue, their prices are the best around.Thanks Guys!
3	Came in about where expected for a brake job.  Tried to up-sell us on maintenance we know we don't need because our friend runs his own highly rated auto-repair shop and he takes care of our cars (but we needed a quick brake job and had a groupon for Fletchers, so....).  Good for brakes, watch for the up-sell.
2	Oil change & Tire Rotation took an hour & a half even with an appointment.  Tried to up sell me on products I don't need.  I had a coupon for a free oil change and tire rotation so that was the reason for my visit.  I have not had 1 good experience at any Fletcher's.  They always take forever for simple jobs.
4	This repair shop has made some changes over the past year and has become a great place for car service and more importantly customer service.  The only draw back is this Fletcher's need another store across the street because they are extremely busy.  It is tough to get in.  Ask for Joey when you get there. He gets it!
2	They have good prices when comparison shopping.  When you call you have to be very specific of which tire you want a price for to avoid the old bait and switch when you arrive at the shop.  They will email you a quote.  Last time I needed 4 tires and called on a Saturday morning.  they forwarded the call to a central tire rep where we agreed on the tire and location of the shop to do the work.  The rep said the shop will call in a few hours when they get the tires.  Guess what, no call call back at all!!!  So I went to Sears.  They lost a sale due to negligence.  I'll give them another chance next time only due to their prices.
1	Came back another time b/c our car overheated.  They told us we needed a  new timing belt and a whole bunch of other stuff we knew was a load of crap b/c we had literally just had the timing belt and water pump replaced a few months ago.  Liars!  Had the car towed to our regular guy (inconvenient, because he's far away) but not after an $89 fee just to have them look at it (and give us bogus info).  Wanna know what the problem really was?  A radiator hose that had come off.  C'mon Fletcher's, that's LOW.
1	Tried to up-sell us on service we didn't need when we went in for brakes (the brake job was fine, though).  Like dummies, we went back about 9 months later when our car overheated (can you blame us, it was RIGHT THERE and we didn't want to drive an overheating car).  They told us we needed a  new timing belt and a whole bunch of other stuff we knew was a load of crap b/c we had literally just had the timing belt and water pump replaced a few months ago.  Liars!  Had the car towed to our regular guy (inconvenient, because he's far away) but not after Fletcher's $89 fee to give us bogus info.  Wanna know what the problem really was?  A radiator hose that had come off.  C'mon Fletcher's, that's LOW.
4	They were able to give me a great deal on four tires for my Benz. A lot better than dealership prices, and even kicked the crap out of Costco, Sam's Club and Discount Tire.A few months after I purchased, I had a tire issue. They inspected, ordered a new tire and I was out the door the next day without a dime out of pocket. They are busy, but took great care of me on all accounts.
4	My car developed an idle problem when I first moved here last August from Wisconsin and I tried to diagnose it myself, narrowing it down to what I thought was the idle air control valve.I was by myself with nobody to relay on and Fletcher came through for me.I provided the part that I thought was the problem and the mechanic felt it was also the problem bc all the symptoms matched. I was in a time crunch bc I had to renew my registration but couldn't do it bc my check engine light kept coming on and baffling the mechanic...he took the time to make adjustments and finally solved my issue without it costing me a ton of money. I was on a tight budget and they never charged me more than what they quoted. I was so happy that they went out of their way to  help me and they got the problem solved with patience and trial and error. I miss my mechanic of 15 years back in my home state but they are a wonderful substitute. Nathan the mechanic and Joey the manager rock!
1	I have always used fletchers same with my family members but after this visit I will never return. Bought a groupon and after I got there I was told I needed $384 more of stuff done. I told them to hold off on work as when needing anything major or costly I like to get a second opinion. Well I went to get a second opinion and was told that fletchers is smoking crack that what I was told needed to be done was not the case at all. I honestly feel they are using groupon to get you in the door so you think your getting a smoking deal but then tell you that you need this and that to make the money they are losing thru groupon. I am very disappointed.
1	Bought a groupon for $59.00 oil change and front brake service. I Called  a couple of times to discuss the work and how long it would take the. Told me weekends are first come first serve and we do not give out the information of how long it would take the work to be done.The guy's name over the phone is Rudy. I know how to work on cars. Based on simplicity I knew right away not to deal with this place. And the phone skills what a joke. Returned my groupon and probably spared myself from B.S. on top of B.S. No thanks. Word to the wise check yelp and get a feel of the person over the phone and how they response to your questions before you buy a deal to have your car serviced.
5	I haven't had any problems with these guys. I have bought tire's here and I have had all of my vehicles serviced here and have always received excellent service. I have never had an issue using a competitors coupon. They have always taken them, no questions asked.
1	.
5	From the time I called and spoke with George I knew this was  going to turn out well.my appt was at 8 am and when I arrived there was a line. Mark (the manager) treated every single person with a smile and acted like they were the only ones there. When I reached him he greater me by NAME!  What service. I am from LA and was just trying to get a reputable place for my kids who just relocated to take their car to. Boy did I hit the jackpot! They  completed all the service work in approx 45 mins  and did not try to up sell me. I trust these guys and will recommend them. They did not treat me any differently  with a Groupon coupon and I told them I had the coupon in the beginning. This place can be very proud of there  service. Keep up the good work guys!
5	Went in because it was close to work, needed a quick flat tire taken care of. Mark and his team are great and very easy going. They got the work done quickly and we're very professional, and now I'm going back to get new tires with them. Nothing but the best in 3 visits. Highly recommend.
1	Worst customer service ever! Stay far far away. They try to take advantage whenever possible. All about how mush they can tip you off. Poor workmanship. Rude people. Lots if money.
3	With this particular location, I didn't have any problems with, except the job taking much longer than it should have. But I only was getting 4 new tires from these guys. I think the genreal consensus with Fletchers is, if your getting tires from them you'll be fine, but make SURE to instruct them not to go under the hood AT ALL for any reason what's so ever, if your getting work done under the hood even something as simple as an oil change you may be in trouble, with workmanship and or bogus estimates etc. I gave 3 stars because nothing was 'special' about the experience. They put tires on my car and they did it correctly, but I hardly think that deserves 5 stars from a 'tire shop'. I now take my car for ALL under the hood work to ONE place to avoid nonsense. I have had a terrible experience with another fletchers location tho but not this one, I think their work 'under the hood' as an entire franchise is hit or miss, but if you need tires ONLY and I do say ONLY check em out.
1	Unprofessional. Stereotypical "trying to make customers feel dumb" approach to business with car talk.  Took two hours for an oil change when I was the first customer in. Seemed to view the good deal from my Groupon purchase as an excuse to take extra time and treat me as if I wasn't paying at all. Don't waste your time here.
