5	Bertha is very professional and takes pride in her work. She is both gentle and thorough with waxing and threading. It was easy to reach her and schedule an appointment to accommodate my schedule. In addition to Bertha providing quality services she is friendly and sincere. I will definitely return for waxing, threading and I would like to try her other services also.
5	Bertha is amazing and very skilled in both waxing and threading. She is very thorough and really tries to make everyone feel comfortable. Bertha is flexible when scheduling an appointment and super easy to reach. Highly recommend going to see her and will definitely be back to see her.
5	I went to berthas to get a Brazilian wax .. For the first time ever.! I've heard horrid stories regarding the pain but Bertha knows her stuff .. It didn't hurt as bad as I imagined! She made me feel welcomed and comfortable. We talked the whole time which eased the pain. She was very professional. If you need a Brazilian .. Go to her!
5	I had my first ever appointment with Ms. Bertha this evening and have to say, anyone looking for an amazing experience you HAVE TO CHECK HER OUT!! She is the most thought out person I have met! She went out of her way to schedule me a late evening appointment due to my work schedule. When I arrived I was greeted with the biggest smile, and the most relaxing atmosphere anyone could imagine! She is very meticulous and goes out of her way to make you feel comfortable. I am giving her five stars because my overall experience was the best I have ever experienced in this town any many others! I will be a life long client of hers!
5	I purchased Bertha's groupon and before heading in I was a bit hesitant, 1. Because I've never had a facial before and 2. Because I've known businesses in the past with groupons to do a mediocre job. However, my experience was the complete opposite. I called the morning of my purchase and Bertha was able to arrange her schedule and get me in the same day. Once there, her room, chair, and equipment made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. She started doing a deep pore cleansing and really got down and dirty. The collagen mask, in addition to ALL of her products, made my face feel flawless. I also topped it off with an eyebrow/lip threading, which she did a magnificent job! Better than the local threading place I regularly go to. On top of that, Bertha took her time and I ended up staying there a little longer than the designated 90 minutes. To all my fellow people looking for an expert in facial care, threading, and all of the above look no more! Bertha and her healing hands will make sure you leave feeling like you got your money's worth! I will definitely return.
5	Bertha is so amazing at what she does! I had my first Brazilian wax done by her, and she made me feel very comfortable and relaxed. So friendly! The prices are affordable. She definitely knows what she is doing and I highly recommend that if you want to get treated and pampered, you have to go to Bertha! Definitely going to be a faithful client to her from now on :)
5	Bertha is the reason I took the time to create a yelp account. So many small business  owners are  not being recognized enough for the quality of their work. Bertha is  a pleasant woman,  you will feel comfortable the moment you step into her salon.  She did facial threading for me and I must say my eyebrows  are looking great and perfectly shaped!  She took her time and didn't let me leave until she  was sure that all of the unwanted hairs are gone.  Iit made me so happy to see her passion for  her work! It's so rare nowadays!   Thank you Bertha for treating me like  I'm not just another client!   You have a client for life now ;)
5	best time ever at Bertha's Las Vegas Spa!! Bertha does the best facials - super thorough, uses the most amazing products and has awesome technique.... great personality, too, and I feel she took off 10 years in less than 2 hours...waxing is her forte - totally painless and fast!! everybody should treat themselves to an appointment with her - you will love her :-)
5	I was referred to Bertha from my hair dresser because I couldn't find anyone who can do a really good facial. Bertha took her time with my facial and my skin was so smooth and soft after. I couldn't believe how good my skin felt. It's been 3 months since I got my facial and till this very day my skin feels so good. I also tried a Brazilian wax and I was so scared. Bertha has her techniques that make the waxing less painful than anywhere I've ever went. It's almost unbelievable but I will never ever go anywhere else for a facial or Brazilian waxing!! She's the best!!
5	I met Bertha a few months ago after I found her deal on groupon - she is an amazing waxer! I have been to so many places all over Vegas trying to find the perfect wax and no one even compares to her quality and expertise. No one even compares!  Thanks Bertha!
5	I was originally sad that I had to search for someone to do my wax as I have my "usual lady" that gives me my waxes but I was so happy that I found Bertha! She was able to fit me into her day with short notice which was great! Once I got there Bertha spent time on my wax and got every single hair in sight. She wasn't rushing through to get the job done with error, she spent time to give me an amazing wax. Since she had some extra time before her next apt she was able to thread my eyebrows which was amazing as well. I am looking forward to schedule with her again for future waxing and also for a deep pore facial since she gave me a consult for that while I was there. Such a kind lady who spends time on your appointment rather than trying to get you in and out in a rush. I have already been recommending her to friends and family and I only left her salon an hour ago. So pleased with her!
5	Loved Bertha and the services she provided me with yesterday that I came back tonight for a 90 min deep pore cleansing facial. We went a little over time because my face was so clogged but it was soooo appreciated! I recommended her to a friend last night and my friend went in for a wax today and she was so thrilled I recommended her to see Bertha. She is a hidden treasure and hope many people will find their way to her. Such a kind lady who does amazing work!
5	Bertha is the absolute best at what she does. It can be very intimidating for a man to get a waxing when it comes to unwanted back hair chest hair or shoulder and arms hair. Bertha takes her time and explains the whole process and puts you at ease. She also explains how to treat the waxed areas and what to expect.  I have had waxing done in the past with the big name spa's and had such a less than manly or miserable experience.. I never went back. I can honestly say that with her prices and experience. . I will definitely go back on regular basis.
4	Bertha has done my brows a couple of times now and she's great! She's very meticulous so don't expect to be in and out of here in 5 minutes like you do at the eyebrow bar places. She's very friendly and social. She did run ~10-15 minutes late both times I went, and if you wait in the hallway you have to listen to the housewives pontificating on topics they apparently feel quite irate about. Very nice lady and great work!
5	I purchased a groupon for a full face threading and Bertha was great!!! She took her time and was extremely knowledgable! She even went above and beyond and took care of a horrible pimple I had on my chin. I will definitely be going back.
3	Ms Bertha is a really nice lady and her personality deserves a 5 star :)I tried her facial out a couple of days ago and I wish she would have listened to my personal needs a bit more. I really wanted to get a relaxing facial experience and since my skin is pretty clear I didn't necessary need a ton of extractions. I missed the facial massage part. She charges $150 for 90 min I find it pricey however she can also give you a better rate if you buy 3.
5	I was in Vegas and was recommended by a friend. BEST facial I've ever gotten in my life! Deep cleans your pores without damaging or hurting your skin. Takes her time and uses great products. Very knowledgeable and great personality. I will have to fly from Florida when I need another facial because I don't think anyone else compares.
5	This is a male review of Bertha's Spa and my experience with getting a 'Manzilian' with a female companion.My girlfriend and I visited Berthas around New Years to get Brazilian waxes. This was our first time getting one for both of us- we were brave, but I must admit that my mind was filled with visions of myself holding onto my lady's hand whilst screaming in agony.To start, Bertha was very approachable as far as setting up an appointment went, as you may call OR text her to set something up.We agreed to meet her at her Spa's location during the day; she greeted us both warmly, and my lady friend went into the room to proceed with her wax. During this time, I waited outside in the hall. Berthas is located in a great location (btw), which is pretty much a one-stop-shop for all your beauty needs. It's a very nice touch to be able to get your hair cut, nails did, and your wax in the same building. To top it off, Bertha is located right at the entrance (win)!My gf's wax took about 30-40 minutes and she came out smiling. I was up next, so Bertha beckoned me into the room with my lady following.You already know what happened next, but what you don't know is that I was laughing the entire time. Bertha does an extremely good and detailed wax. Even as a first timer, I could tell she had tons of experience in waxes/hair removal, and that one of her primary concerns is your comfort.She likes to take her time with her waxing, which = much less pain, a more thorough wax, and more time to talk to Bertha (she's a warm person with a great sense of humor). She even had a bit of time to show me her elite threading skills, which were quite impressive!All-in-all, my girlfriend and I had an AWESOME, COMFORTABLE, and ENJOYABLE EXPERIENCE AT BERTHAS. We will definitely be visiting Bertha again, and we'll continue recommending her masterful services to anyone in need of them.Thanks Bertha!!
