4	The place is straight GOOD!  Too many cultures roast chicken for it not to be a good thing!  I had the 1/4 chicken and chicken sandwich and both cole slaws (vinegar or mayo based).  The chicken was really tasty and they roast so many chickens you know they got it to a science!.  I did skip the potatoes but they looked really good.  The bread the chicken sandwich came on was French in every way, crusty outside and airy inside with a distinctively french bread flavor.  They have a bit of seating inside but perfect to get to go and eat it in the park like the previous reviewer stated.
2	I am a big fan of roast chicken and had passed by this place several times...well, tonight I decided to give it a try since it's in my neighborhood. My chicken was anything but tender and juicy, quite the opposite, it was tough and dry, no flavor or anything. I tried the potatoes...same thing...the carrot salad was kind of gunky and tasted like orange-flavor Tang or Kool-Aid. I really don't understand all the whoop about  Coco Rico. The cherry on the cake: they don't take credit cards or worldwide-accepted debit cards such as Maestro or Visa Electron (maybe the owner should step into the 21st century) and the Spanish-speaking girl at the cash register has a surly attitude...so for me this will be my only visit to Coco Rico. I can get better roast chicken and side dishes at the supermarket downstairs and pay with my credit/debit cards.
4	the way this placed was packed - you'd think they were giving away the chicken!  after a long day of enjoying the shops and boutiques in the area, it was almost dinner time and my mother and i were too tired to cook.  so when we passed by coco rico, we waltzed right in.with an efficient and steady line to order and pay - it's more of a take out joint since the eat in venue can be crowded and no frills.we ordered and devoured the spicy roasted chicken which was tender and juicy, with a big container of potatoes and a loaf of corn bread.i'm sure there is a dry bird time to time with the sheer volume of business that they do but we were in the many lucky customers that got to enjoy a fast and easy meal!
4	After a great day of galavanting up and down St. Laurent, Coco Rico is a great place to end your day if you are on a fixed food budget. I see students and locals of all ages and ethnicity come here to feast on some good ol' poulet, so I must give this a try.I ended up sharing a rotisserie chicken with my girlfriend and a side. The chicken skin is thin, crispy and a piece of heaven in every bite. Lets just say someone can get hurt fighting over it. I almost poked my girlfriend for a piece. My mom is going to kill me, she raised her children not to fight over food and I have committed a cardinal sin. SORRY MOM!!!
4	Coco Rico hits the spot. Make sure you order everything with spices on top! The chicken is tender and the potatoes are really flavourful. The service could be better, but what do you expect for such a bustling joint?
5	My heart (and stomach) is wavering: who has the better chicken in town? Romados or Coco Rico?Romados' chicken is a bit smoky and has different layers of flavor (tangy. spicy) I'm literally biting and chewing on all the bones. Fries are delicious with the spicy sauce...And do they serve them by the bucket or something?Coco Rico's chicken is a different specie. Bigger, juicy, and meat falls off the bone. It's less flavorful in terms of spices but it's so tasty. The potatoes melt in your mouth.Finish off with a Portuguese egg tart :)Romado's is better... No Coco Rico is.... No Romados... No Coco Rico... You get the picture!
4	I refused to eat this for years, but my sister insisted and two summers ago, I tried it. This past weekend I had it again. Mmmmm...it's so dirty. The best of Portuguese roasted chicken (and pork). It's a divey joint with limited seating which equates to bang for your buck.  A quick (assuming there is no line) delicious feast between shopping. My favourite part is the potatoes - they fill the bottom of their rotisseries with these carby nuggets and let the juice and fat from the meat drip all over them. Oh soooo dirty. I had the pork ribs with a side of macaroni salad and coleslaw. My friend had the chicken. You can't eat this a lot. But when I do, the added poundage on my butt is nothing compared to a happy tummy.P.S. I heart their egg tarts.
3	Very reasonably priced, quick service, simple menu.You can buy your chicken whole, half or quarter, potatoes (roasted underneath the rotisserie chicken!), ribs, and salad options (coleslaw and macaroni). There are also portuguese buns, a sign for corn bread, which was absent, and egg tarts. The chicken was good, I got it with spices but couldn't really taste the difference, the ribs, also good - the potatoes looked amazing but didn't really taste of much.  Very, very filling, and very reasonably priced. I'm interested in trying their sister restaurent, which is actually a sit down place rather than a take out shop.
5	I am a Coco Rico lover, and not just because I have been romanced by a tall man with the spicy chicken sandwich and potatoes from Coco Rico at a picnic in Parc Mont Royal, I swear. The chicken is moist and savoury and you want them to pour the hot sauce all over the chicken, the sandwich, the potatoes, everything, directly in my mouth if possible. There is little to no room to eat in here, but there are an awful lot of perfectly cute little potatoes roasting, and chickens just waiting for you to take them out on a date, to the park, heck take them straight home where yall can be alone...
5	When you walk along St Laurent, or even St Dominique, and get to Napoleon street, you will get a whiff of something in the air,  The smell is of chicken, but not just any chicken COCO RICO chicken.  It has a sweetness to it and your mouth starts to water because you know your in for a great mouth full.  The crispy skin, browned just so, covering the juiciest pieces of chicken, that will fall of the bone and into your mouth, like a sacrificial virgin into a volcano, only willingly.   I only do the chicken (OK maybe some macaroni salad once in a while), and a Portuguese bun.  But the pork is also good for a taste, but a little on the pricey side, potatoes have never done it for me either they look good but then meh! you get a better deal with the whole chicken, don't even bother getting less. Even if it is just for one, take it home you wont regret it and probably make friends as well.  Having tried several Portuguese chicken places I still say this one has it's own unique flavor and texture, and it's fast and easy to get so if your wandering along on St Laurent and you get the COCO breeze, walk  in and indulge.Tip try this chicken with piri piri sauce, which can be bought in most grocery stores.
3	Tried the quarter chicken (with spicy sauce) with potatoes & macaroni salad, satisfied the craving for some roast chicken, but was expecting a bit more 'oopmh' from the spicy sauce cos it didn't send the 'spicy signals' to my brain until later, like after I'd left the place. Onsite service offers plastic cutlery and styrofoam plates, which was a bit blah. Bring your own handi-wipes if you're gonna get serious with the chicken, otherwise you have to contend with those napkins that just keep on sticking to your fingers.
3	the chicken leg i had was really soft and tasty but the sauce, what i asked for a spicy, is disappointing. the sauce is only oily without any flavour. let's say, go to Romados
4	I am glad to say I inadvertently happened upon this gem during an attempt to visit a deli (who shall not be named) that was right next door.Needless to say I am so glad I didn't go to the deli.The menu here is very simple but simply delicious.The chicken here is so flavorful, and the sauce you can have drizzled over everything is perfect.I had the chicken sandwich on the amazing Portuguese roll. Being from Southeastern Massachusetts and Portuguese myself I am sort of a connoisseur when it comes to Portuguese popsecos. I also got the potatoes and a queijada de nata(custard cup). The meal was delicious and very reasonably priced.If I am ever in Montreal again I will make sure I stop by Coco Rico and get me some chicken.
4	I happen to discover this place (thanks to Schwartz). As a tired customer standing in line I decided to risk it! but it turned out to be a rather decent discovery.Like this place because it's simple and to the point - Delicious chicken with some wicked hot sauce over it and some boiled and bbqed potates (cooked alongside with the chicken) on the side makes a very filling and delectable meal.The chicken is really tender and moist and just melts in your mouth. Doesn't have too much space to sit but honestly I'd keep my focus on the chicken and do with it :p Totally worth it!Staff are very friendly and warm. Price is cheap (1/2 chicken for 5.99 +Tx is a steal deal)They do serve bbq'd ribs too but haven't tasted em. May be next time..def!
5	Instead of waiting for 1 hour next door at Schwartz's, just come in here and get some awesome rotisserie chicken and spicy potatoes. AND - they are not ordinary potatoes!!!The chicken is really tender and flavorful. The potatoes are whole mini potatoes that were slowly roasted. The vinegar-slaw is also very good. To top it all off, get a Portuguese egg tart which is oh so creamy, rich, sweet, and yummy. Honestly, this place gives Schwartz a run for its money.
4	I am somewhat less impressed with this place than I used to be, now that I've shopped around for Portuguese BBQ (the king is Romados on Bullion/Rachel, but Cabane across the street and even Rocky's on St-Laurent a few doors south of Rachel also both make a better sandwich--and I had the friendliest experience out of any of these places at the latter), but I'm still a repeat customer and plan to make an occasional showing whenever I'm in the area. It's definitely the most convenient alternative when the Schwartz' lineup is around the block. The fried potatoes are those really super hearty little ones that blow anything I've had outside of QC out of the water. I'm unsure how I feel about the spice blend they shake on when you ask for it hot; it's certainly spicy, but it's so salty that it reminds me suspiciously of Dorito seasoning. Make sure you get a lot of whatever fatty deliciousness they apply to your food with that oil-soaked paintbrush, though, and get a few natas for dessert. Also, you are strongly encouraged to eat in, especially in the cold; their food gets to you at just about the minimum acceptable temperature, and the flavour really doesn't hold up when it gets any cooler.
2	The ribs were good, but the chicken didn't have much flavor and was quite dry.  Potatoes were fine.  Very filling & a good value.  The sauce didn't have much flavor (got the mild version.)
4	I was jonesing for some rotisserie chicken, and Rotisserie Romados had yet to open up for lunch, so I headed over to Coco Rico instead. The buying process here was quick and easy - a half chicken, potatoes and coleslaw is a perfect serving size for two moderately hungry individuals. I liked the gently-paprika seasoned mini potatoes. The mayo slaw was a little too creamy for my liking; I was hoping it might quench my thirst from the savory and greasy chicken. The skin on the roasted chicken was very delectable. I wouldn't have eaten a lesser roasted chicken skin.
4	Pretty good! Got a whole chicken to myself, was a pretty satisfying dinner. Eat it fast, the chicken dries out quick. I'll definitely get it with extra spicy sauce next time, they seem to skimp on the sauce.
4	Solid rotisserie chicken. I went here because Ramados was closed due to a fire. It was my first Portuguese chicken experience in Montreal. I dig the simple, straightforward, approach. Expectations were met. Not "blow your mind awesome", but rock-solid for sure.
3	Small, no frills place with very tasty chicken!First time going there, I ordered a quarter chicken and was given the breast by default (50 cents more than leg), came with delicious mini potatoes and macaroni salad (around 7$ a meal)My companion got a combo meal with chicken, ribs and porkchop (12$) however he said the pork was too dry.My chicken was nice and moist although I wish there was a bit more sauce. I opted for the non-spicy alternative. They also have cherry cola which is one of my favorites. A nice touch!Service is excellent. We were there a bit before 7 and there were continuous lines of people but everything was moving quick. Staff makes the effort of greeting and thanking each one.Overall great chicken and value for portion size. Just wish this place was a bigger and had actual tables to sit down and eat, instead of a counter and stools.
4	Nom nom nom... Portuguese chicken! Coco Rico is one of the best places in the city for chicken!I went in for a quick Chicken Sandwich before watching a football match in Champs across the road, and I was surprised by the awesomeness of the chicken here. You can smell the juiciness and tastiness of the chicken when you walk in, and the taste is no less amazing. They cut the meat from the chicken right in front of you, and they are FAST when they do it. These guys are good with knifes. By the way, don't expect super service as it's an authentic, ethnic store.
3	Coco Rico, Montreal's first Portuguese rotisserie, has been around since the 70s, and it shows.  The layout features a take-out display on one side and a counter with a dozen or so stools against the opposite wall.Rotisserie chicken and barbecued spare ribs are the focus here.  You can add a little kick by asking for their signature spicy rub.  Otherwise, there are a couple sides such as potatoes that are roasted alongside the bird, coleslaw, macaroni salad or bread.We realize Coco Rico's chicken has been voted "best chicken" in town several times in the past.  While we do enjoy it normally, tonight it fell short of such high praise.  We're giving Coco Rico a "Plan B" verdict mostly because of the stale bread and dry-ish chicken (not the first time we experience this), but we still think it's a solid option when you don't feel like cooking, especially considering how little you're paying.
4	Aroma drew us in. Had pork ribs and quarter chicken
3	For under $20 my gf and I got two quarter chickens with potatoes, coleslaw, macaroni salad, pop and a portuguese egg tart. My gf got the mild sauce and I got the spicy sauce, the spicy sauce had a nice kick to it however the chicken did not have much flavour. The chicken was pretty moist and tender but not as good as Romados like others have mentioned. Got only a few potatoes which were soft and hot, once again not that much flavour with those as well. The macaroni/coleslaw salad was decent and my gf said the tart was good but did not taste fresh.Overall I give this place a 3.5/5, food was just okay and the same goes for the price.
5	If the line-up at Schwartz's is too long, come here instead. Seriously.The rotisserie chicken here is amazing, the skin alone is super-crisp and the meat inside is juicy and not dried out at all. That's a sign of chicken-done-right. Make sure you ask for the spicy sauce to be brushed on as well.  I've brought friends from overseas here and they still rave about the chicken and the roasted baby potatoes.Ribs are so-so and I haven't tried their ham or roasted pork but the patrons I do see order those items always clean up their plates.The creamy coleslaw is also quite stellar. If you still have room, their egg custard tart desserts are also worth it!
5	I've been dying to try the famous Portuguese chicken and on this particular night, after a long day at work, I just didn't feel like cooking at all, yet without spending $20 on dinner. I gave Coco Rico a try. I didn't eat at the restaurant since I live a few blocks from there. However, I noticed that the restaurant is very small and I don't think it is the best place to eat in. Ideally, order as take-out. I had the chicken thigh and it was great. Nothing I hate more than dry chicken and it was not the case here. It was juicy and yet not fatty. Ask for plenty of napkins because it can get really messy and be careful if you wear nice clothes. You MUST ask for extra spicy sauce with it. It adds a little something to your meal. The potatoes are really worth trying. The coleslaw was... coleslaw. Better than St-Hubert's for sure. Price - and that was the biggest surprise: $8 (with taxes) for a chicken thigh, potatoes and salad. I couldn't believe that I had a full meal for under $8; I don't think I have seen this very often in Montreal. Maravilhoso!Conclusion: Will definitely go back, probably once a week. P.-S. If you standing in line to get in a certain deli restaurant and you get right next to Coco Rico, just go in. It is worth it.
5	this place makes you drool the moment you walk in the door to sum up if you leave this place spending less 10$ then you've only sampled the best let me say it again the best chicken in town ..next to my mommas ..
4	This is a solid bet for Portuguese chicken.The chicken is similar to Romados, in the sense that it's moist but just a little tasteless as the flavour does not reach the inside of the chicken, but the skin and top layer is awesome.The star attraction here is the potatoes, melt in your mouth, tender warm and swimming in oil, nothing beats them. Romados offers a ton of fries so it's better value since Coco Rico gives about 8-10 potatoes.I normally buy extra potatoes and ask for spicy as they are worth the extra calories.The interior is very sparse, there is a counter along the wall and that's it.It's understandable that there are no formal tables as there are lineups most of the time and there's not much room.
3	Was here on Sunday April 20, 2014.  Didn't get a chance to "check in" ... now back in TO and not able to do it.   Feel a little bad for this place... situated right beside Schwartz on St-Laurent.  Ordered the chicken sandwich with some potatoes.   Came to $8.50 ... Sandwich was a bit small but chicken was pretty good.   The bread was good as well. Not sure if business is good or not for them being right beside Schwartz... but there was a ton of chicken,  ribs and lamb cooking.Place would do much better of not in that area. Overall... not bad at all.
4	I live 3 blocks from this place, and I have to admit it is a bit addictive, especially the potatos, they cook them right under the chicken, so all the amazing taste falls over the potatos and then crisps out as it gets cooked.mmmm....In addition to that it is really cheap, and for what i'm paying, it is really good food.Why not 5 stars, its because it is really unhealthy, and it feels really heavy, so great place for lunch, where you still have time to digest it all day, not great idea for supper or dinner.Definitely worth a try...anyway if you walk right across it, the smell will drag you in :)
4	I came back last week after a first visit in 2009 and promising never to come back. The unpleasant rude girl is gone, probably for a long time, and has been replaced by another one with shaven head, a few tattoos here and there and a very friendly and courteous attitude. I bought a pork roast sandwich, potatoes and pork ribs to go and the food was very good, the pork was juicy and the ribs were crispy outside and tender inside. I ordered a slaw that looked curiously and overly green (I wonder if it glows in the dark, maybe the cabbages were imported from Fukushima) and did not taste natural, so I am staying away from it. I am updating my review and giving it two more stars because I am fair with my ratings and they deserve them....and yes, I will be coming back
3	Parfait pour un take out.La sauce piquante faite avec la graisse de cuisson est top!
3	Had lunch here with a friend! We decided to get half a chicken with salad and potatoes. The chicken was cooked perfectly and the spicy sauce they add gives it a nice kick. The coleslaw was average and the potatoes were flavorful but did get a few that were not cooked all the way through. Was a bit perplexed when the woman behind the counter charged me 50 cents for an extra paper plate? Overall not a bad lunch if you are craving Portuguese chicken but i would still choose ramados given the choice.
4	My husband and I rented an apartment not far from this place a couple of summers ago and it's now become a required stop every time we visit Montreal (along with stocking up on Fairmount Bagels). The crispy chicken with the spicy sauce in the middle of that soft roll are just heavenly. We don't always get the side potatoes, but they are delicious as well. I'm a fan of the creamy cole slaw; my husband likes the macaroni salad. I got one of their natas (the custard cakes) this last visit, too, and they are just as good as the originals I had in Portugal. On top of the good food, the service is fast and friendly. It's a teeny bit pricey for what it is, but still very reasonable. Skip Schwartz (over hyped!) and come here instead. I really wish they'd open one in NYC!
4	I had their combo. It was a huge serving of meat.
