3	Grand opening was this morning, with a line all the way down the plaza three stores down. Apparently, west side Vegas is excited about fresh produce and Double Ad Wednesday.Enthusiastically friendly staff and a few camera guys from the news were present to open a clean and organized new store, with the same layout as others in town so you already know where to look for your favorite items.There were a few opening-specific sales prices but mostly it was a new location going right to work with the usual business of Sprouts: fresh produce at low prices, with organic options available, and lots of eco-friendly health and beauty brands.
5	Welcome to the neighborhood! Healthy choices at reasonable prices with friendly help.
4	I really enjoy shopping at Sprouts! I was there opening day and decided to come back again this evening. All of the employees were friendly and each of my check out experiences went quickly! Sprouts offers a pretty decent selection of vegan/vegetarian and gluten free products at low prices. That alone is exciting! But I also love how they label each individual fruit and vegetable with a sticker if they're organic! I came across a few fruits/veggies I've never heard of before. I ended up buying "witch finger" grapes. They're pretty amazing..tasty flavor almost like a red grape with an interesting texture and crazy looking shape! They have a lot of beauty and health products too, which I love browsing at. I will definitely return soon :) *I was #61 in line on opening day and received a 20% off coupon which was great to use! I needed up saving about $10! Thanks Sprouts!! The free reusable grocery bag was a cute touch too!
5	Oh Happy Day! I walked around sprouts this morning like a kid in a candy store. The new location is clean, well stocked and has a great floor plan. It's a beautiful thing. The employees were helpful and even cheerful. The staff at the seafood counter was quick and courteous, packaging my fish selections while telling me about the current specials/deals. I really like that. I want to know what is fresh, what just arrived and what has been previously frozen. The produce section is vast and takes up the better part of the store. There are lots of options including a variety of organic selections. The prices are very reasonable. I haven't set foot in a Whole Foods since I discovered Sprouts (Sunflower Market) years ago. This is my go-to spot for veggies, fruit and bulk items. I love the bins of seeds and nuts. I prefer the raw options but they also offer roasted and salted selections too. Great store! I'm hooked and will definitely be a regular at this location.
4	I've been waiting for another option to come to the area and it's here.  Sprouts opened two days ago and I stopped today.  As someone else noted in their review, the staff was amazing!  They were so helpful and cheery.  Let's hope that continues.I basically strolled around and looked at a lot for future reference.  I also bought more than I thought I would when I went there.  There was a nice selection of packaged Indian foods and I got several of these.  I won't have to drive to the Indian market to get some of this in the future and there was some items I've never seen before.I also looked at the meat section.  The steaks are huge--NY strips big enough to feed two or more.Even though the story was very busy with people like me checking it out, it was easy to navigate the smaller store without crashing carts.I am a fan and I'll be stopping more often.  It's only about a mile from home!  Welcome to the neighborhood, Sprouts!
5	I have been anticipating this place opening up here for a year and I'm glad it's finally here! I usually frequent Fresh and Easy but there has been a steady price increase over the years and a couple of times I purchased not so fresh salads, but I digress, THERE IS A SPROUTS RIGHT ACROSS THE STREET from me which prevents me from driving to the closest one on Rainbow. The food is so fresh, the associates are really informative and polite. I am a slave to the soup here as well as a lot of the produce. It's great to finally have this place here in Summerlin!
5	So excited to be close to a Sprouts again. Their produce is wonderful, and inexpensive. Love the music playing from speakers in the parking lot. I was pleasantly surprised to see how large this store is. Many checkout lanes as well. They were making sushi right in the store, and the quality looked top notch. Had to get some. Yum! Also got some frozen beef tamales, as recommended by another customer. They were amazing! Besides the veggies, I love their bulk spices. I found those over by the baking aisle on an end cap. Along with spices, they also had a few different loose teas. Very affordable. Can't wait to come here again next week!
3	Sprouts has finally opened a location on the West Side. The corner of W Sahara and Haualapi was a good choice. I would liked to have seen the store open in the new shopping center behind the Red Rock Casino, but it is close enough.I know everyone is excited about the new store opening, but let us not at any time ever think that this place can replace Whole Foods. It is a great place to stop by and grab a few groceries, but I could not complete my shopping list at Sprouts, as I can at WF.What I don't like:-The store itself is not very big.-The isles are narrow and it is incredibly difficult to maneuver your cart through the store.-They wasted space up front with bulk candy. They could have put a salad bar there instead.-No food bar, like at WF.-Very limited sushi selection.-No fresh cold pressed carrot juice.-No plain soy yogurt. Just flavored.What I do like:-Friendly and helpful staff.-Olive Bar.-The Goji Berries are a couple dollars cheaper than what you pay at WF.-The organic veggies and fruit where nice and fresh.-The meat counter looked good. Nice selection of different cuts of meat.-The counters and shelves were organized and presentable. I hope it stays that way.This was my first trip here, so I guess I need to get acclimated to the store and learn the lay of the land. I'm sure after few more visits I will find other things I like about the store. I was in a hurry and did not get to go down each isle.I'll be back!!
5	Sprouts is a grocery store with lots of organic products, fresh vegetables and fruits. Sometimes you can get something really good for a nice price. Very friendly and helpful stuff, big parking lot. I like Sprouts. Thank you for opening in this area!
3	I love that it finally have a local Sprouts to go to. I first went during the grand opening and was not pleased with a rude employee. I decide to wait and give it another try when I thought it would be less packed. I go in today and see that it was still crowded and hard to move around the store, leaving me unable to complete all my shopping. I was surprised that the lines weren't long at all.Despite not being able to maneuver around the store, I love the prices on their produce and their vegan selections.
4	Good alternative to Whole Foods so far we like doing grocery shopping for organic produce.
5	You got to see this place!!! Welcome to the spot! It's a little crazy with the shoppers, but I pretty much found most of things for my shopping list
4	Great place to go great choices and prices. I like the new location
5	I've been searching for my chocolate covered espresso beans, and finally found it here. This place is amazing and have healthy option products. Pretty much every produce is organic and inexpensive.
5	Sprouts is just about the best market in town.  Fresh produce.  Good sales.  They take coupons.  The staff is super friendly.  The place is clean.   I love the place in every way.
5	Love this store!  It's like a smaller/less expensive Whole Foods.  The produce selection is varied, fresh, and reasonably priced.  I have a dairy allergy and it is very easy to find dairy free products in this store.  They have a wide selection of Amys brand products.  The customer service is great here, they went in the back and found the bok choy that I requested.
4	After hearing about its long awaited grand opening here in Summerlin, I finally made it out to Sprouts today for the first time ever....and IT WAS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!So many organic options, fresh and affordable produce, a nice selection of meats/seafood, and not overpowering. The layout of the market makes perfect sense and is easy to navigate. It's the best of both farmers' markets + a grocery store :)My only gripe would be that they don't have a particularly good freezer selection (but I guess you don't come to Sprouts to buy cheap-o freezer foods...). I'm sure once Home Goods & TJ Maxx open up next door, this strip mall is going to get insanely packed, so go now before the crowds :)
5	I have only three words to describe my excitement on the arrival of Sprouts to the west side. They are "Home Run Inn" The greatest frozen pizza ever!!! I was using the locator from the Home Run Inn website to locate the closest pizza from me with a 100 mile radius.  Behold my surprise when I found out I only had to walk a 1000 yards for this delicious delight.  I would have walked miles.   Life is wonderful now I have my hometown Za back in my life.  I encourage everyone to try Home Run Inn.
5	I love this store! The prices are reasonable, the produce is fresh and the staff has been very friendly. Finally a specialty food store with reasonable pricing in our area! Nice touch also with the music playing in the parking lot.
5	Very cool store! It's really set up like a Farmers Market. The layout is fantastic! It's easy to navigate through the store, and very simple to find what you're looking for. The food seemed to be very fresh, and very well priced. The Selection was very impressive, as well! The level of service seemed to be superior to any other store I've shopped at. Very friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful staff!Checking out was quite simple, and fairly fast! I was very impressed considering how busy the store was!  They are located in a brand new shopping center, which is really easy to get in and out of.
5	Sprouts in Summerlin is a brand new store that just opened July 30, 2014. It's well stocked, clean, friendly, and they have good selections. They carry lots of organic foods and products, but they're cheaper than Whole Foods. Saving money is always nice!
5	Its the nicest among the other sprouts.  I have had great experience with the staff... they have been open for over a month now and I have no problem with crowds or long lines. Wednesday s are double ad days (those days are busiest,  obviously)
4	Just a brief note to say that I love the protein options at Sprouts.  Good variety, reasonable prices, and decent-sized portions.  Tasty too!  It's my new "go to" place.
3	I was actually on my way to Whole Foods from a different direction than I normally go and ran into the Sprouts everyone was talking about.Merchandising: Bright and shiny new.  Very appealingNon-Food: Body products same brands but slightly less than Whole FoodsCanned Food selection: Limited.  One item I was looking for was anchovies (I love Caesar salad) and it took me forever to find them because they were in a large tin like sardines and i usually find them in glass jars.  "packed in water" sounded good.  When I opened the can it looked just like some organic cat food my friend bought.  Large, ugly whole fish but actually tasty and less salty.  I just had to break then into unrecognizable piecesProduce: Less selection overall and less organic.  More expensive than whole foods.Meat/Fish: Just glanced seemed like smaller selection than whole foods.  Positive note the pre-made sushi was great and several dollars lessBummers: No fresh juice bar.  Water refill was same as in Wal-Mart and coin-op.  No choice of type of water filtration/processing.Bottom line: Pretty but for what I buy Whole Foods is better. No significant cost difference so it might just boil down to what's on your list or location.
4	I'm so excited there's a Sprouts on the west side.  We need some quality fruits and veggies here.  The only drawback is this location is small and cramped compared to other locations.  It is always crowded no matter the time of day. This makes it difficult to move through aisles.  And forget going to the meat counter.  Long waits all the time.  But at least now we have a Sprouts!
5	I have been here 4x in a month since this new location opened up. I love it here! For all you parents out there, they carry emergen-c for kids!
4	I really liked the store.  It's recently opened so I have only been in once so far.  I was impressed with the deli area and some of their prepared meals to go...along with the standard grocery items.   I was really hungry and wanted something I could heat up when I got home to eat.  The chicken fetuccini I bought was pretty disappointing (dry, not enough sauce and not very flavorful).   Other than that....the store itself is really nicely laid out, bright, inviting, and from what I could tell--- seemed to have a good selection.  I need to return to investigate/shop further if I will become a regular since it's a couple blocks further for me to drive to get to a "grocery" store.  I also love the new shopping mall there with the HomeGoods store & TJ Maxx, Pet store.  Once those get open, it will be nice to get some home shopping done & then pop in to Sprouts for some fresh fruits, salad, etc.   (By the way, the parking lot was packed for Sprouts).   Prices are way lower than Whole Foods...I imagine they will steal a lot of biz from the Whole Foods chain.
4	The new Sprouts on Sahara and Hualapi is a great store.  All fresh and good prices.
5	I like it... I like that it is in our neighborhood. The employees were extremely nice & the store feels very good to spend time in.  Everything was very clean & organized.  Organic food - a great selection and fresh!Canned foods - I don't really care as I prefer glass jars.  The meat is choice & it would be great if they had stage 4 like Whole Foods!I hope we all encourage Sprouts to be more natural ... They are off to a good start.
4	The Skinny: a middle of the road (compared to Trader Joe's and Whole Foods) grocery store in relation to selection and prices (4) great staff behind the seafood counter (4) come in for double flyer Wednesdays for the best deals.One can't help but compare this grocery chain to Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. In the big scheme of things, this store represents kind of an in between store.The quality/selection is definitely not as good than WF but better than TJ's. The prices are slightly less expensive than WF but not as cheap as TJ's although if you are fortunate to hit a sale, Sprouts can be quite good. However where Sprouts is rather lacking is the prepared foods and their meat.The day to come is double flyer Wednesdays as the prices overlap from their weekly ad flyers.Service is good and the cashier is more than happy to double check prices for you. The seafood counter personnel are happy to remove skin off fish for you.I am glad that they have opened here - this will give the local grocery scene a little more competition to Whole Foods on Fort Apache. With TJ's on the way at Downtown Summerlin, this can only be a good thing for consumers in this area with regards to selection and prices.
3	I really like this grocery store. Decent prices, great produce, and lots of organic options. I really enjoy the cleanliness and the VERY friendly, helpful employees. The reason I only gave three stars is because if you do your shopping in the evening after work, the shelves are pretty much wiped out. I've been numerous times in the evenings and I've had to make a second stop before heading home, because Spouts was out of a specific brand of bottled water, or tortilla chips, or tortillas, or pre made salads, pre packaged kale, or almond milk etc. They have a pretty large selection, but if you are specific the "healthy" versions seem to be the first to go. I love this store. Hopefully they will learn the patterns of what is selling fast, and stock the shelves accordingly.
5	I am SO HAPPY this awesome super market opened a location right by our house!!If you have never been to a Sprouts, it is like a cross between Trader Joe's, and Whole Foods. Fun, fresh healthy, & lot of organic food, but not as expensive as WF!!The one by us has an amazing meat counter, super fresh produce, and tons of awesome products that fit with our weird little dietary quirks....like sugar free ketchup.(Don't ask, but yes, exactly)Let's talk about the staff....OMG, they are the best! I literally feel like I am going to visit a bunch of friends who happen to run a store. I know that sounds hokey, but it is true. Definitely our new favorite shopping spot!
4	Finally checked into the new Sprouts and was pleased with the prices. They have a lot of BOGO (buy one get one) sales and a huge monthly coupon book.  However, their vegan options are limited and aren't as varied as Wholefoods as well as a total lack of cooked food options.  As far as their organic veggies go, it is way cheaper than WF and Trader Joes.
4	Great for produce and Boar's Head cold cuts. Small supermarket but has some great deals on much of their items. Not a fan of there bread but their produce is always fresh.
5	This new location is very clean and well organized.  The employees were helpful and friendly.  The have Boar's Head brand deli meats.  They carry a lot of things that Whole Foods carries but with more reasonable prices.  Lots of organic options and healthy choices.
5	I just moved back to Vegas from San Diego, but after finding this Sprouts, I feel right at home. Apparently this location just opened in July and it shows - the store is incredibly clean, well-stocked every time I've come in, and the employees are friendly at every turn. I'm a frequent customer at the deli for boar's head meats and cheeses (my fave), and they people working are always so nice to me - which is saying something, because I'm usually buying small quantities of multiple things and that has to be kind of annoying for them.This Sprouts is super centrally located...it's in a cool shopping center with a HomeGoods/TJMaxx and a Petco, so you can hit a bunch of weekend errands in one shopping center. It's also down the street from Downtown Summerlin, so you can hit Trader Joe's. I love the convenience of this location!!Tip: If you come on Wednesdays, you can take advantage of the current and prior weeks' ads.
2	With the exception of the rude checkout woman who rolled her eyes at me because I hadn't marked my bulk foods correctly (I was new to the process, give me a break), said nothing of any sort of greeting, not even a hello. If you're that miserable, find a new  job, seriously. With that aside, the store itself is okay. Don't get me wrong, I love Sprouts...just not this location. I like the one on Rainbow/Flamingo better, honestly. I don't know why, maybe it's the layout or something, plus that one seems to have better bulk food items and just a better selection overall. One annoying thing is you can hear their checkout registers beeping clear to the back of the store...turn them things down!
5	Friendly staff, great prices, clean environment. Come on Wednesday for double ad day.  Being your own bags to save 5 cents ea.
