5	Proud to be the first review!!! Beautiful interior, nice vibe, and great service. Our celebrity chef friend, Tony Hu, put us on his VIP guest list and try the food at soft opening. Wonderful food, and reminds me so much of our great experience in his original Lao Sze Chuan in Chicago!! The best Sze Chuan food I've ever had in US.
5	Great pre-opening lunch!  The Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken is spicy.  Not the kind of spicy where you can only eat a bite or two, but the kind of spicy that your nose runs and you want to stop eating but can't!  And, whatever you do, do not sleep on the crispy shrimp with lemon sauce.  F'ing spectacular!!!  There are still a few kinks they're working on, but this place is legit.
1	I stayed at te Palms resort and was excited try the new resturant... Walk by it late one night and ask if they were open, girl up front said yes for a soft opening and not a full menu, great a new place to try intro by the eater. It is now 9/8 1 pm and said told to try again at 5? Seriously I mean come on,you opened at 11 am and your closed at 1pm in the afternoon. GOODLUCK with that kind of soft opening and service!!!! Hope do dont close up shop and head back to Chicago, eater LV was all wrong all hype. I can PASS on this place
4	Nice place, and good food!
4	I was invited to come in and dine and Lao Sze Chuan within the Palms. I'm so glad I did. This is going to be one of the better dining places at the Palms. We went during their soft opening and went all out. We came in for our reservation on time and we immediately walked over to our table. We were asked for our drinks orders and given a menu to take a look at their options. We decided to do it family style and EAT ALL THE THINGS!! We started with some appetizers. First my plus one order egg drop soup, her fav thing besides rice. Next we ordered the potstickers, they came 6 to a plate. We were then offered the Green Bean Jelly as well as the Garlic Cucumber dish. Each item came out one after the other.. The next more delicious than the last. My favorite app was the potstickers. They were hot and delicious, but I had to save room for the rest of the delicious food. After we almost filled ourselves with apps, our main dishes started coming out. First we got the fried rice we order. We decided on the the pork and chicken combination. The rice was hot and flavorful. The only thing I didn't like about rice was the Chinese onions. I'm not a huge fan of onions, and if i can see them I just pick them out. Otherwise is complemented the other dishes perfectly. Next we received the Mongolian beef. This was my favorite dish. It wasn't tuff and it almost melted in my mouth. Next was the Tony's Chicken with Three Chili. I was super excited to try this dish. It was spicy and chicken and i love both of those things. I had at first chosen the chef special dry chili chicken but was recommended to get Tony's. Now, I like spicy food and my plus one doesn't. After taking a few bites I told her to try it. It wasn't spicy at all, it did have chilis in it but the actual chicken wasn't spicy. I was the most disappointed by that. I even told the waiter I loved spicy food. We move on. The service was why this remained at 4 stars. Our waiter was helpful and funny. He walked us through the menu and made some killer decisions when it came to the appetizers. He also placed our napkins in our laps and even filled our plates when the food came out. YUM. We ended up needing like 3 boxes for leftovers. My last negative was the food temputure. I felt like it could have been hotter on the chicken and beef. I mean it tasted fresh but I'm not sure why is wasn't a hot plate. Otherwise, this might be my new lunch spot when I'm feeling some chicken and pork fried rice.
4	Date & I planned to eat at the restaurant, but found out it wouldn't be open for a week. We just happened upon an invite only preview taste and greet. The GM was gracious in allowing us to enter. The food is good, decor with back splashes of gold, hints of Asian decor. The food...was cooked in mass so it's ok. I'm sure it will be better for individual plates. We'll try when it's open and FAR less crowded. Oh, love the waitstaff, for tonight, we'll see.
2	Have you ever watched MasterChef/Hell's Kitchen and wondered....what is it like being those diners who sit and wait for 1.5+ hrs for their food???Well, my party and I had THAT experience tonight at Lao Sze Chuan. It was opening night for them, and I guess it was busy and kitchen didn't know how to handle it? We waited almost 2 hours for our food to come to the table. After sitting for 1 hour and 20 mins, we approached the manager to ask about why our food hadn't come, and let them know that we were going to leave. We had made a reservation at 7pm, and at that point, it was 8:25pm, and all we had on our table was water/drinks and the house special spicy cabbage. WE WERE SO HUNGRY!!!But I will say that management was very professional, and offered to comp us our meal, and invited us to come again. We finally started getting our food close to 9pm, and if you like spicy sze chuan food, it is really quite good. The flavor is there, and the ingredients are of good quality. They just gotta get their kitchen in check. And figure out which tables to bring the food to (yes, at one point, food was brought to our table and then taken away because it was supposed to be for another table! sadness....)Decor is lovely. Chairs are super comfy.  And definitely order the dry chili chicken :)
3	First of all, the bad things out of the way first. This is not for folks in a hurry for a meal. Wife and I were there just after 11 so before lunch crowd and food was a while in coming after order placed. Second, we were there for dim sum and there is limited availability at this time, and no visual reference for beginners. With that out of the way the shumai and guazu were very well done, and were especially tasty with requested hot sauces. Tried the pumpkin congee and found it lacking in much flavor. Also tried two noodle dishes and found them well done, with distinct flavors and ample size. Ambience is very classy and all staff were very helpful, but overall might be some opening stutters that might be addressed at next visit (which will definitely occur).
5	Inviting, relaxing space and delicious meal. Yummy dumplings. Wonderful eggplant. Tasty chicken--I believe it was the Tony's Chicken with Three Chili. Service was friendly and attentive, with frequent water refills. I will happily return.
1	It's awful. We sat there for 20 mins but no one came and took our drink order or greeted us, so I had to ask for water... After we ordered we waited for like 30 mins to get our first hot dish, and then someone told us that they ran out of fish and cabbage so we needed to changed our other order...The food was salty and overcooked. I believe I can do better than that. Just don't go.
5	We recently dined at Lao Sze Chuan and were very happy with the experience.  I have to say the Szechuan Smoked Tea Duck (with Bone) was fabulous as well as the Sole Fish Fillet with Black Bean Sauce...it was to die for.  There were several of us in our party so we all ordered something different which gave us a chance to sample quite a few entrees.  None of them disappointed.  But the real star of the evening was our server...Rachel...she was spectacular!!!  We will most certainly be here again.
5	Authentic Chinese Food + Awesome Service = Amazing Experience! The best Chinese restaurant in Vegas! We've been to Lao Sze Chuan in Chicago and it was great. We were so excited to find out there's a Lao Sze Chuan located in Palms Casino in Vegas. The food was very delicious and the service was above and beyond. Moreover, price was really reasonable. Definitely will come every time we are in town.
5	AS YOU PLEASEWe just could not resist trying this new Chinese restautrant that had just opened at the Palms September 12th seven days before Jack Ma's Alibaba IPO that became the largest in US history.  Customary,  we do not attend a new opening. Always allowing management time to iron out operational kinks. Cleverly the front area receptionists are honest to walk ups and explain the reality and concern of service with timely kitchen production. After all the first impression is the most important.We waited just twenty minutes before being called on our cell phone that our table was waiting for us.  During that stagnant time, we noticed the obvious theme of the slot games being Far Eastern.  Well, from the moment we were escorted to out table, we were constantly being monitored by several table attendants and of course our server who spoke English,  Mandarin and Cantonese. Menu is written in both English and Chinese with certain dishes offered in specific cooking style such as Szechuan, Hunan, Chongqin, Mandarin and Shandong. Specific dishes may have options for either Szechuan or Hunan style. Vegetarians will be happy to see many selections designated by green marks. We're spicy eaters but not so much Chongqin spiciness. So as a heads up warning, two red chili pepper designation are only for the chili pros. Majority of diners can't tolerate spicy, so dishes may be ordered non-spicy. Essentially, the menu will please both the Westerner and overseas born ethnic Chinese.We decided on "House Special Beef Brisket with Beer in Pot" (411), "Famous Dong-Po Steamed Pork Elbow (with bone)" (458) and rounding out the three meats , " Chef's Special Dry Chili Chicken " (501). All three but (501) single chili designations. Yet each having a distinguished flavor of either sweetness, vinagerrite-ness and of course seasoning. It's not where the chili overpowers the intended flavor of the meats.The beef brisket will even taste better the second day. Fatty pork elbow reminds Yu-go of his favorite Cuban dish lechon. Chicken was both our favorite dish...maybe so since there was no sauce. Rice is fluffy fresh.Two entrees will easily satisfy two diners. We took more than half our dinner home. The glitches of a new restaurant is sometimes unavoidable. I'm more than sure that the Palms and restaurant management read the negative comments about service and uncalled for long waiting. Tonight's performance was flawless. As for the cuisine, we're planning on returning for three more dishes.Those who are from or have visited Chicago's old Chinatown will recognize this restaurant name. They're one and the same.Second or third most important,  prices are to draw the locals and the very price conscious Asians. Can't ask for more. Great dining venue at affordable prices.
1	Got a comp so decided to go this restaurant for lunch. The service was substandard. We order a har gow, sticky rice dim sum and chow fun and some snow pea leaves. Hot and sour soup came out cold.  All was below average. You can get better food in Chinatown.  Definitely won't come back.
1	My soup came cold and too much starch in the hot and sour soup. Food was below chop suey quality. Order tenderloin chow fun but got overly tenderized beef instead.
1	Came here with some friends and family member to try out this new place. Service was extremely horrible. Menu was only brought to us after sitting at the table for 10 minutes and we had to ask for it. Our drinks was not even refill once and server did not even bother to check on us. Food was alright,  nothing special. I wouldn't come here again.
4	This is my new favorite Chinese/Szechwan place in Las Vegas right now. If you are looking for a nice atmosphere and a beautiful place to eat Chinese food, this is the place. I can only imagine how many peppers this place goes through in one day. The food is PACKED with flavor and most meat & fish dishes offered are prepared in several ways. PROS: House Special Grill Ribs Tony's Chicken with Three Chili Szechuan String Bean Sole Fish Fillet Black Bean SauceHoney Garlic Pepper Beef TenderloinLamb with Pure Cumin Shanghai Xiao Long Bun Cons:Rice is an additional charge (but it's only $1.00)
3	The Skinny: hit or miss dishes depending on what you order (3), service: is better than your average Chinese joint but again is inconsistent (3.5), smaller than your average dishes and more expensive, this place is okay in my books (3).We headed over the try the new Chinese restaurant at the Palms after hearing about their opening promotion. (Go to the hostess stand - there are 25% off dining cards available until October 15/14). We tried dinner twice to sample a variety of dishes while the promotion is going on.FYI - we decided to skip the $1 white rice and opted for the noodle soup and green onion pancake instead. I decided not to order the sketchy fried rice (in the Yelp pics, there is definitely soy sauce and carrots = gross) which cater to the lemon chicken crowd. I guess "Asian-fusion" = Americanized here.Shandong beef noodle soup: this was a decent bowl of beef brisket soup - it tasted more like chu hou braised brisket beef noodle soup than your clear consomme beef noodle soup. My hubs is Taiwanese so it was a little different than what he is used to but he enjoyed it. Overall, it went well with the spicy food we ordered. The noodles were slightly thicker and round and had a nice bite to it. House tofu: a disappointing dish of fried tofu and nappa cabbage. Not enough wok-hai (heat from the wok), left the dish overly soggy with limp vegetables. The cornstarch they added in the end in an attempt to save the dish made it even more sloppy. They might have added some vinegar to the dish, resulting in an unpleasant sour taste. Not a fan.Stir-fried green beans: (11.95) we requested the Szechuan style which was non-spicy however were accidentally provided with the spicy version of the dish. This mistake was promptly noticed by our server who replaced it with the right version. The small sample we had of the spicy version was okay - the green beans were stir-fried with cumin and whole/crushed chilis. The Szechuan style green beans were good - stirfried with some preserved vegetables. Again, portion sizes are small for the price.Stir-fried large pea pod leaves: (13.95) generally well executed. We ordered this dish twice and each time the leaves were appropriately prepped (meaning they discarded the fibrous portion of the plant). My only beef is that for the price, the portion size is much smaller than expected.Smoked Tea Duck: (15.95):This dish was quite good - loved the mild smokiness of the duck. They kindly debone the breast of the duck for you so it is easier to eat. That being said, for $15, the portion size is small.Green Onion Pancake: cannot recommend this. The pancake was tough, greasy, dense and overly bland. Avoid.Szechuan Peppercorn Fish: (15.95) the batter was overly thick/heavy for the fish. It was also not crispy enough. I'd pass on this dish.Given the fact that I would probably not order half of the dishes again and the food is definitely overpriced given the quantity/quality, I do not feel a huge urge to return even with the 25% discount. I'd like to mention that they do offer a small dim sum menu which I have not tried. Although that being said, dim sum is a Cantonese (not Szechuan) style of cuisine so you have been warned. 3 starred review.
5	This restaurant is a hidden gem inside  PALMS with great service from the door to wait staff to food & beverage selection. My personal favorite was the green bean spicy black bean appetizer. All the textures of the tofu, chicken, beef, & shrimp dishes were just right with very delicious sauces. The ambiance was relaxing and spacious for large groups to enjoy a meal together. I would bring business partners, friends, and my family there many times. Very happy.
5	This is my first time giving 5 stars to a Chinese restaurant in Vegas.My wife and I are into all kinds of Asian food - except, somehow, Chinese. It wasn't like that before. We definitely had been a Chinese food lover when in Hong Kong / Taiwan / Japan, but when we moved to the US, first to the San Francisco Bay Area, things changed. We found quite a few nice Chinese restaurants including Yank Sing in SF, Tai Pan in Palo Alto, Little Sichuan in San Mateo and Hunan Home's in Mountain View. But the number is disproportionately small compared to other Asian cuisine. We've tried many, and been disappointed more often than not. At the end of the day, we developed the unconscious habit to avoid Chinese restaurants.The situation got worse after moving to Vegas. We tried many, and those attempts ended up futile.So when we heard about Lao Sze Chuan, we didn't have a high hope - but this place turned out to be a great surprise!- Tony's chili chicken- Crispy shrimp with lemon sauce- Don don noodle- Dim sum: Shu mai- Pork & rgg congeeEverything was tasty, and the portion was perfect for sampling with two people. I expected spicy food for being Sichuan, but for instance the don don noodle had just right amount of spiciness.The best part? Reasonable pricing. In fact it's more than reasonable considering it's in the Palms Casino Resort.Thank you Tony Hu, we finally found a place to return to.
5	I was here last weekend and Wow... best Szechuan restaurant in town.  It's located inside of Palms which just few mins away from the strip.  As you enter it give you the wow factor, the decor has this contemp- traditional Asian theme sense of Luxury.  You would expect it's expensive.  Well... You are wrong , it has the local restaurant price and the casino high quality.  The atmosphere was comfy and relaxing.   Service was outstanding , manager on shift Gary was friendly and accommodating.  Overall 5 stars is a definitely. Within 1 week I already return twice.  Good stuff !!!
2	I had high hopes for Lao Sze Chuan because it originated in Chicago an outstanding food city. I sampled both traditional Szechuan dishes and dishes found in every Americanized Chinese restaurant across the country.Shanghai egg rolls- rolls did not taste freshly made and tasted like egg rolls you can get in the frozen section of any grocery storeDon don noodles- my favorite dish of the night even though it was overly salted Spicy beef tendon- full of oil Fish with black bean sauce- fish was cooked well but once again tasted Americanized Egg fried rice- DRYEven with 25% off, I will not be back due to the food being full of oil and it tasting Americanized.
5	Best chinese food in Vegas.  The food is fresh and delicious.  Try Tonys chicken, green beans with black bean sauce, egg rolls.  I have been 3 times since it opened and it has only gotten better.  I understand the waits ans service in the beginning howeverr this is true of most restaurants when they open.  I love the food and will be back soon.
3	Went for a tasting, the honey shrimp was bomb other things ok.  The ambiance and decor were very nice.  The drinks are good and unique though would maybe come back for a real dinner.
5	This was hands down one of my fave spots back in Chicago, I was so excited when I heard they were opening here in Vegas. Ate here last week and can't wait to go back! amazing!
3	Honestly... This place would have gone less stars if the food didnt make up for it.Reserved this place for 3 at 7pm to avoid any waiting. Ended up waiting for about 15 minutes before being escorted over to our table. Given--- dinner on a Saturday night was not even busy and the place was not packed.It took 30 minutes for them to take our order and add along another 1.5 hours just to bring us all our food. Can you believe most of our time spent in this restaurant was just waiting on food-waiter-rice-water-order-bill. Garlic Cucumber:You can never go wrong with a cold dish of garlic cucumber. Refreshing. Light. But delicious. This is my must order appetizer when it is available at any chinese restaurant I eat at.Boiled Sole Fish Fillet:Surprisingly this was not very spicy considering it IS Szechuan food... But! It wasnt overwhelmingly oily. Very delicious. Made me think of homemade chinese food I hadnt had in a long time.Sliced Tender Pork with Garlic Sauce:It was tender but some pieces were a bit dry. It obviously had no impact on me considering I cant recall if it was good or not. Our waiter actually messed up our order and put in Chicken instead of pork so this dish took even longer to be served to us.Fried Shrimp:$16 bucks for this recommended dish from our waiter. Tasted very delicious like a high class honey walnut shrimp dish minus the walnuts. Not too much sauce on the shrimp but it did have a light crunch to it. Delicious but $16 bucks is a lot for this dish lol.
3	I've been meaning to try this restaurant for the longest time. I love Chinese food, and this restaurant has been raved about it. There's nothing special about the restaurant. I have nothing to rave about or say that it tastes super amazing. It's normal Chinese food- nothing spectacular. I went with a group of a total of 6 people. Now since we had a lot of people, we ordered a ton of food. Now, on it's own, each dish was not terribly spicy. With the combined dishes, the food was spicy! Before we ordered, they served a complimentary spicy cabbage (raddish) dish. We ordered, shang hai dumplings, cold rabbit dish, hot and sour seafood soup, lamb with cumin, mapo tofu, string beans, szechuan pepercorn fish, chicken with a spicy garlic sauce, and  a shortrib dish. The rabbit dish had a large amount of peanuts, and the dish was rather small. It was suppose to be a cold dish, but it was more lukewarm. I think they brought us the wrong soup because it wasn't hot and sour at all. But we drank the soup already, so what can be done. The shanghai dumplings were in a mini pie tin. It was annoying to take them out of the tin. The spicy garlic chicken was delicious. The mapo tofu wasn't the same flavor that I was used to, but I liked it. It was really spicy and the tofu was so soft that it melted in my mouth. They didn't have any pork in it. They took forever to bring out food out. It literally took at least 30-40 minutes before they brought out the first dish. What's strange, though, is that they waited to bring everything out all at once. They brought all the dishes, and there wasn't any room on the table. Isn't it typical to bring out each dish as it's ready. And isn't it typical to bring the soup at way earlier? As a result, some of our dishes weren't as hot as they could be. The food was all okay. There wasn't anything special like this is the best Chinese restaurant in Las Vegas or anything. They did put auto gratuity on our tab, but it's expected as the party did have 6 people.
4	We went there for dinner. It is good that they close at midnight as a lot of time we have dinner after 10pm but don't wanna eat in China Town. We like the environment of the restaurant, the food, and the service. The price is acceptable, cheaper than the Chinese restaurants in other hotels on the strip. We ordered a Mongolian beef, beef fried noodle and sauteed baby bak choy. They all tasted great. The Mongolian beef is really better than any other Mongolian beef I had tasted else where. The seasoning profile of this one has more depth than those using too much black pepper, garlic and soya sauce. The Mongolian beef here is really outstanding, it tasted so good without having anything overpowering, well balanced.The sauteed baby bak choy is well done, the veggie is just right, not under or overcooked. It is not garlicy as we asked for simple sauteed, so it is simply refreshing. The baby bak  choy is fresh, and good quality, they are well cleaned too so no sandy taste when chewing on them. They smartly cut the baby bak  choy into quarters vertically so they could be thoroughly cleaned.The beef fried noodle is good, just no surprise, which is expected. I like that they don't use the very thin yellow noodle. We were offered a small complimentary spicy veggie plate as appetizer. It smelled really good but too spicy for us that we kept coughing. If you can handle picy, you will like it. I like Chinese food having the real Chinese flavor, meaning that I always compared it with what I had tasted when I was in northern China for an exchange program. I like food having depth but not overpowering by only black pepper or garlic That means I don't like americanized Chinese food. So far, with the 3 dishes that I tried, they tasted Chinese without Americanization. There was also no MSG. I hate MSG. I always think that only those chefs who can't cook well need to use MSG. So big kudo for here not using any. I hope they won't change on this aspect in the future. I can't speak for other dishes yet, but will update in the future after I tried something new there. We finished everything we ordered and had a happily filled stomachs at the end. We will come back to try other dishes for sure!
3	Tried the famous dry chili chicken, garlic cucumbers and don don noodles.  Overall...it was fine...but I was hoping to be blown away.  Ingredients were fine, but the flavor (and I like spicy) were just not exceptional.  Service was friendly but slow.  Next time I will venture into Chinatown.
3	Lao Sze Chuan is a decent szechuan restaurant dressed in pretty clothes.  This place is like that chick who's a 5 but is a 7 with that lil black dress on at the club.The decor is top notch; it's easily the nicest szechuan restaurant I've ever been to.  It's a great place for a date if you don't mind getting sweaty together before all the action starts.The food itself is definitely authentic szechuan food, with real peppercorns and szechuan peppercorn oil in the dishes.  The dishes are decent, and are good enough to satisfy any szechuan cravings.  A-Ok on most everything; some were a lil above average, some were slightly below. I tried a bunch of the authentic dishes; from tony's chicken with 3-chili to boiled beef tenderloin in spicy szechuan sauce to the dan dan noodles.  Your craving will be satisfied, but your socks won't be blown off.  At least the prices are what you would expect to find at any other szechuan restaurant.4.5 on decor, 3 on the food, 3 on the service = 3.5 stars, but Yelp won't let me put 3.5, and I ain't the type of dude to round up.  Better be pleasantly surprised than slightly disappointed.
5	They nailed it..5 stars..excellent quick service, outstanding food, top quality ingredients with fantastic meats. Wonderful flavorful sauces. One of the best in the US. One of the nicest restaurants I have ever been to. I am a gourmet foodie. Whatever issues had when they first opened were not apparent tonight. Friendly, very helpful staff.i can not say more good about my experience. Also reasonabe prices. Beautiful presentation of every dish.large portions of food with every dish. This is the only chinese restaurant to go to in vegas for a very upscale experience. I am just as impressed with this restaurant as I was with Uncle Tai's in NYC and Houston. Open to midnight daily
5	Finally, an authentic Szechuan style restaurant in Las Vegas. Although there are some self proclaimed Szehcuan Style food in Chinatown, nothing compares to the authenticity of the food nor the atmosphere ambiance of the restaurant. We were a party of 11 and had ordered about 15 entrees and about 5 appetizers. Food was served promptly and timed extremely well. The service staff constantly filled our soda and water glasses. The manager stopped by a few times to check to make sure our experience was up to par. The Mapo Tofu was one of the best I ever had and I had plenty in China. The General Tso chicken was among one of the favorites in our group. I can go on and on about all the dishes. However I will just say that all the entrees were a spicy foodies dream.Pros: 5 star for food and service. Ambiance and atmosphere was great. The lighting was perfect for taking photos of the food.Cons: I wish my stomach was bigger and can hold more food.
4	This recently opened restaurant is located in the space formerly occupied by Little Buddah.  The room is now more open and brighter than in the past.   A spicy cabbage salad was delivered to our table while we reviewed the menu.  We started off with shrimp spring rolls that were light and tasty.  For entrees we chose sole filets in a fresh black bean sauce plus the chef's special chili chicken.  There was an exceptionally long delay between courses so our waitress brought us a second dish of cabbage salad and eventually comped us desserts.  The chicken dish was a crunchy delight though not nearly as spicy as one would believe given the quantity of red chili on the plate.  The sole was tender and equally delicious.  Prices are moderate for a casino restaurant and entrees are generously portioned.Our individual cheesecakes, though hardly Asian, almost brought one senior to tears. On entering I had secured a grand opening card from the hostess that was good for 25% off menu prices through October 15th.
3	This is my favorite restaurant in Chicago. I go at least once whenever I go home to visit parents. But this is not the same restaurant. It is still decent Chinese grubs, but it just doesn't taste the same. Everything was just off. Things just tasted differently. And the portions are also much smaller at a more expensive price. The service was also very unfriendly, especially the old lady. Not even quiet sure if she understood English fully or not. I don't think I will be going back to the Vegas one ever. There are much better choices to eat than a knocked off version of the original.
4	I typically do not eat Szechuan food because this cuisine tends to be too spicy and greasy for me; but when I do (because of friends & family), my choice is Lao Sze Chuan.  Welcome to Las Vegas, Chef Tony!  It's good to dine at your restaurants in Chicago and it's great to have you here in Vegas!  My favorite is Tony's chicken with 3 chili!  Love the fact that the prices are GREAT, especially in a casino!
1	Probably the worst place to get hot pot. We had about 10 ppl in our group and the reservation and everything went good all the way up till the service. My waiter probably needed to be trained again on customer service. I literally am consistently looking for him for a refill or for my orders ! There was a period where I waited over 30 mins to get an Order I had for some meat and veggies. The worst part was that I had spoke to two other ppl to check my order before my waiter came over and finally realized he lost my order !!!! After 30+ mins and no food we were starving !!!! The proportions were not good as they barely gave the bare minimum to serve everyone. I know there is limitations so that ppl do not waste food but we didn't even have enough to share ! Not to mention my waiter told literally told me "it's troublesome for ME and for you when we do hotspot." Um excuse me ? IM PAYING FOR THIS!!!!!!!!! Honestly there was nothing special about this place or it's food and probably the worst customer service. Oh and the manager lounges around doing practically nothing. Never coming to this place again.
3	I have been coming to Lao Sze Chuan since they opened 3 months ago. Prior to Oct 15, they had a Grand Opening promotion that gave 20% off the total bill. However, since that has expired, their prices have all gone up. New menu. No more dim sum. Most of the dishes have gone up in price. I don't think that is a smart thing to do. Anyways, it looks like I will be going there less and less now. it's a Chinese restaurant. It shouldn't have fancy steakhouse prices. Too bad.
3	I heard about this place from friends and decided to stop by. First off the staff were very friendly and attentive. The interior is nicely done and appears very upscale. The prices were very accommodating and I will definitely recommend trying out their all you can eat hot pot. At 23 dollars a person if you are a party of 2 or more this is a great deal for the price. Their hot pot menu also offers a variety of meats, seafood, and vegetables. They have three options for broth. The healthy flavor which is somewhat bland, the house special which is tasty, and another one which I don't remember off the top of my head and haven't tried yet. Good place
3	I am new to authentic Chinese cuisine so take my opinions with that in mind. I grew up on American take-out Chinese & have recently discovered the real deal, OG Chinese food & love it like 100x more than the Sweet N Sour Chicken & Lo-mein I grew up eating.We had the two sole dishes & liked them thoroughly but preferred the black bean to the chili. The chili was way too sweet & not spicy enough. We also had the garlic pea leaves which were fantastic. The hot pots look awesome & we will be back to try them.The service is what I've come so expect in Chinese restaurants, which is not bad, just different & I actually prefer this style of service to American style service.  I dont need to know my servers name, know their personality, etc...At LSC it is all about the business of getting you your drinks & food without all the small talk.The space is impressive. Large, open but still very Vegas casino....duh, it is in the Palms.  I really liked the foyer & thought it was the best designed part of the restaurant.I was good. We will be back but after we do more exploring at some cheaper options in Chinatown.
5	This place is at the Palms Casino!!  Whoever placed the dot on Yelp got it way wrong!!  Location I've miles away. That being said great inexpensive food.
4	Very spicy food, but delicious (there are many non-spicy menu options as well).  Service was friendly and excellent.  Restaurant is beautifully decorated.  Overall, an extremely pleasant dining experience in the Palms Hotel & Casino.
5	We almost always stop by the original Lao Sze Chuan when we are in Chicago because it's simply awesome. We went when Tony Hu still worked there. The food is amazing.The food at the Lao Sze Chuan in The Palms is just as good. Spicy and edgy, the food won't appeal to everyone - Tony Hu doesn't try to.We had free dinner later in the evening so we just had the Sliced Beef and Maw Szechuan Style, which is to die for. You have to try this if you go.
1	Our experience here was awkward, uncomfortable, and overall unpleasurable. There was a group of 7 of us in town on business.  We are all on our own expense account so we need to pay separately.  The waitress was snotty, and pissed that we needed to split the check.  She did back down a bit and agreed to only split the check a maximum of 6 ways.  She wasn't busy, we were there when there were only a few other tables.  She just didn't want to spend the effort to accomodate.  I'm hoping that something was getting lost in translation, because some of her comments and responses to us were just downright rude.  For example, when a couple of people in the party had questions about the selections she kept responding in a rude tone with the phrase "I'm waiting to take your order".  Maybe the poor service set the tone and skewed my expectations, but the meal that followed wasn't all that great.  Two of my peers chose egg rolls for an appetizer.  They were clearly served spring rolls (both are offered on the menu).  When we inquired with one of the table attendants if we got the right thing, the answer was something to the effect of "americans don't know what egg rolls are"... the busser came by and said he'd take the rolls back and correct the order, but the pissy server came over, insisted that we were provide the correct dish, and her disdain for us continued to grow.  Lady, I know the difference between a spring roll and egg roll. The large table was adorned with a huge lazy susan in the middle, which made it very easy to share each dish with each other.  The seafood fried rice was good.  The crispy duck was dry, it was either overcooked, or cooked in advance and reheated.  The Szechuan dumplings were spicy but good.  The steamed dumplings were just average.  The dry chili tofu had plenty of flavor, but the tofu itself was dry and again seemed to be way overcooked. Overall, the dishes all seemed to be overcooked, oversalted or MSG'd, or over-oiled.  This was one of the worst dining experiences in the past few years.  The piss poor attidue paired with sub-par food left us wondering if we were in some kind of hidden camera show.  I think that if any of us were not dining with our work colleagues we'd have either responded more aggresively to how we were treated, or would have walked out all together.  It's sad, because the menu items seemed interesting and the space is beautiful.
