4	Do you love birds in your backyard (and want to keep them there??  fat, dumb & happy?)  Well, I'd suggest a visit here.Every hummingbird feeder you can imagine.  Several different types of seed, feed, nuts, & fruit for the many other kinds of feathered friends you have - or want to have & attract.Thining of a KOI pond? Check them out: their fish, feed, lillies, ect.Tiny little estabishment, nestled between safeway & hallmark.
3	I ran into Hallmark yesterday and noticed this tiny little pet store next door... Since Minnie was in need of some wet dog food, I decided to pop in and check the place out.At first glance, I saw a lot of bird and fish related items... and I smelled exactly what you think a pet store smells like.  Since I was in kind of a hurry, I asked the woman working behind the counter if they carried dog food.  Her response made me feel like an idiot.  Maybe it was more the tone and expression than the actual words, but boy, it was RUDE!She could have just said "duh."  But she said "right along that wall" and pointed to a wall full of dog food.  OK then...Despite the fact that the dog food they carry is super pricey (between $2.35 and $3.20 a can for what I picked out), it appeared that the quality of the products this store carries are pretty high end.I purchased seven cans for Minnie to mix it up a bit and got out of there as fast as I could.  The old saying "you never have a second chance to make a first impression" holds true in this case.  I don't like when people cop an attitude with me for no reason.  I'll probably stick to PetSmart and Wag and Wash in the future.
5	This place is located on the NE corner of Scottsdale & Shea almost next to the Safeway store (just south).  When I've gone there, the man has ALWAYS been super helpful with my questions on cat & dog food.  I've gotten small sample packs for some of the food so my cat could try them.  He was the first store in Scottsdale area to carry the Orijen & Acana brands.  He also carries Evo, Innova & CA Natural among others.  The prices are competitive.  I'd rather buy from small business than support the larger corporations if at all possible.  It's a very small place, but there is quality merchandise.
5	I have been going to this store since it was the Wild Bird Center and have never been disappointed. As a hummingbird rehabilitator, I get all of my favorite feeders here ( they are the only store that carries the Best-1 feeders). I also get food for the wild birds that visit our home; like bagged peanuts and papaya. The store also has solar fountains, all kinds of fish and pet foods, fish and other outdoor decor items. This is one of my favorite places to shop for pet and bird products. They have a little bit of everything there. It's such a treat to go there and browse around.
