4	Best doctor's office I've found in Vegas.  I've been to a total of 3 general practitioners in Las Vegas, and it's been hard to find one who seems to really care about my well-being. Finally I went to Dr. Conger at the recommendation of a co-worker, and she has been awesome.  Whatever my complaint, she takes it seriously and runs every necessary test to ensure there's nothing more serious going on.  She also sits down with you and really gives you time to discuss whatever you are there for.  They do many of the tests at the office, so you aren't always trekking across town to get lab work done.  Dr. Conger has also referred me to two specialists, and both have been good.  I like knowing that she isn't just referring me to a friend, as some doctors in Las Vegas do (ahem, Jateko Family Medicine).   I highly recommend Dr. Conger and the Diagnostic Center of Medicine.  The 4-star rating reflects just a few little issues - moderate waiting time, not taking my friend's insurance, and one accidentally deleted appointment.  Over all, though, it's pretty awesome!
1	Negative rating due to office staff.  When I called to make an appointment to get blood tests before an upcoming appointment with my doctor, I had to leave a message.  When they called back, they left a message saying they had the test request paperwork from my doc to have the tests done in-house (and specifically stated, not for use at an external lab), I just needed to call to make an appointment.  When I called to make the appointment, the person I spoke to said, they didn't have the paperwork.  When I explained that I had just received a call saying they did, she said ok, and scheduled the appointment.  OK, minor hiccup -- annoying, but no big deal.When I checked in at the office to have my blood drawn, since I currently don't have insurance, the receptionist was thoughtful enough to make sure the tests I was having done would be affordable (my recollection is that at my last appointment, my doc had made sure to specify minimal tests for that very reason).  After totaling the fees for the requested tests and taking a cash discount, she informed me that the total for the tests would be a little over $300 (more than I expected, but I'm certainly no expert on the price of blood tests) and made sure I was ok with that.  I told her that was fine, paid the fee up front, had the blood drawn, and awaited my appointment with my doc for the following week.When I was checking in for my appointment the following week, the office person said she'd like to take care of my outstanding balance.  I asked what that was for.  She asked, you had an appointment last week, right?  You have a balance of $654.  What!!!???  I asked why I wasn't told there would be an additional charge beyond what I paid up front.  She said, I guess the person that signed me in didn't know all the test that were going to be done.  I watched the person total the costs of the tests in front of me.  How can they say it's going to cost $300 and end up charging $1000 total after the fact?  I walked out and will not be returning.----An update on the situation:1) They attempted to bill my old insurance company despite me telling them I did not have insurance.2) I received an invoice from an external lab (after being told my tests were being done in-house) stating I owed them $292 for tests my doctor requested.  Total for my basic blood tests now in the neighborhood of $1300.3) I requested in writing that they send me a list of the tests done, their costs, and how may payment had been applied.  Their response:  "Upon review of your account, we find that you have an outstanding balance with us."  Absolutely no acknowledgement of what I requested.4) They sent my account to a collection agency less than 30 days after my initial appointment!These people are crooks!!!  Charge the uninsured the max.  Try to collect from an insurance company.  Try to collect from the individual.  Sell the bloated "unpaid balance" account to a collection service.  Crooks!!-----My original appointment was at the beginning of October 2011.  It is now Feb 2012, and I'm still trying to resolve this issue.  Thankfully, they admitted that I was incorrectly charged for another patient's tests, but I still received another invoice after that phone call.  I believe the $650 additional fee from their office will go away; however, I'm still fighting between DCoM and the external lab regarding the $292 fee.  Thankfully, I haven't heard back from the collection agency after telling them I disputed the charges.
3	I really like my doctor here but the staff is awful. They are the slowest people ever, they don't return phone calls and if you need something outside of your appointment, you're S.O.L. The check-in/out staff is always super nice but the nurses are dreadful.
2	I liked Dr. Eichenlaub, but when I tried to make a second appointment, the staff could have cared less. For the first appointment, I waited an extra 45 minutes with an appointment, I agree the staff is awful!! I could not get a straight answer on the cost of the visit, and they would not answer my questions on costs or transfer me to someone to help.  I will not go back here and be treated this way again.
1	Dr Eichenlaub's office was to put through several referrals for specialists following my 1/3/12 appointment with him.   Two weeks later, referrals had not been submitted. I made another app w/dr Eichenlaub for 1/17  to  follow up on the same referrals that evidently had not ever been submitted. At this second appointment  I was assured the referrals would be submitted.  Waited again, referrals never submitted per my insurance company. After several calls to follow up on the referrals, the nurse finally told me she missed the referrals because the doctor had not noted them on the super bill and that only one referral had been submitted. She said she would refer it to her supervisor Carrie.  Carrie never returned my call, so  I escalated my issue to COO Larry Preston,  Mr. Preston returned my call and was less than helpful. During the conversation I asked if I could interrupt him to give him one  more important detail and he said "no you cannot. I listened to you, now you can listen to me." (I wanted him to know that the nurse had told me the referrals had not been put through). He continued on at some length to tell me that HPN was at fault here. That they could not control HPN's response to requests for referrals, that there many rules and protocols to follow, etc., etc. When he finished, I shared this additional information with him that I had been told the referrals had never been submitted. He responded that referrals had been put in, but would not tell me which ones. He again stated they could only do so much,  HPN processing was at fault.  I told him I needed to get to the bottom of who it was that had failed me on obtaining the medical care I needed. His response was that he basically did not want to rehash the issue again and he would not tell me which referrals had been submitted.  I reminded him that I had been told that only one referral had been submitted, the others had been overlooked by his staff.   I told him I felt is response was not adequate; his response was that "I should take some medical classes and he would be happy to refer me to some online classes."  We ended the conversation there, however I did ask for copies of my medical records and asked if the submission of referrals would be noted there. He told me no.  Of course he told me no, because they had never been submitted.Bottom line, if the COO, Larry Preston, of this company is so unresponsive and unwilling to work to resolve an issue, but rather blames another party, in this case the insurance company, you can expect the rest of the staff that he manages respond the same way......which they did. Very poor medical care and very poor customer service. I will be filing a complaint with the Nevada Board of Medicine and of course changing doctors.Would NOT recommend this medical group.
1	The front desk women, the Lab Corp phlebotomist, and the billing women are all totally unprofessional and rude!  I have been going to DCOM at Spring Valley for over 5 years and have been shocked and dismayed and the constant decline in patient care and patient service.  It is appalling that this center does not have a management team to reprimand these people who are rude.  Not only do they all have shockingly bad manners and are inept, Dr. Burke books out about 6-8 weeks in advance.  If you are ill, they will not get you in the same day or even that week, despite the signs posted that says "walk ins" and "same day appointments" are welcome and available.  They will tell you to go to Urgent Care.  After so many years, I am disappointed to have to look for a new PCP, but I guarantee wherever I go, the staff will be more friendly and professional than here.  Good riddance!
1	Dr. Swaine and STAFF are the worst.  Please do yourself a favor and go somewhere else.  LAZY staff and extremely unresponsive and slow.  Did I mention LAZY, unresponsive and slow?!  By the way......they are lazy, unresponsive and slow just in case you missed it.Google Dr. Swaine and decide for yourself.
1	I don't even know where to start. At first Dr. Murutka seamed great. I explained I was concerned about nut allergies and he said he would do blood work on different types of nuts. The only nut he tested me on was peanuts which showed up. I wanted to know all of them. So next visit he says I need to see a allergy dr because the blood work isn't reliable (then why do it in the first place?). So it takes a little over 2 weeks to find out that was denied by their allergy specialist because I'm "not taking any allergy medicines so there is no need". People can be allergic to other things aside from seasonal allergies and I would think any allergy dr would know that. The office takes forever to get back to you! I would call 5 times every day and constantly get a voicemail and if I missed the phone call I wouldn't hear from the office manager Maria for another 2 days - completely ridiculous. Dr Murutka also didn't understand why a personal trainer would want someone to drink a gallon of water a day and said, "That sounds dumb to me, only drink when you're thirsty". Everything you read about working out, eating healthy, etc tells you to drink A LOT of water and he pretty much scoffed at it. He wanted me to have an ultrasound done and said, "I don't need to see you." I had the ultrasound done, called to ask the results and was told "You have to schedule. You should have scheduled with us." Well, the Dr said I didn't need to and so did the office staff. Clearly the entire office does not have their things together. Maria was rude and tried to tell me what her allergist dr said to her son as if it applied to me too. I'm pretty knowledgable about the fact that nut allergies can vary case by case and all the way down to the specifics of the protein, so please don't tell me what your dr said to your son because that is an entirely different case. Keep your personal business out of the work when dealing with customers and listen. As soon as I got off the phone today I called my insurance and switched primary drs out of their system. Don't go there - especially Dr. Murutka.
4	As far as medical offices go this one is just fine. They do have lab facilities on site and they can do xrays and other diagnostic things there too. It is important to me to not have to drive all over town and wait in multiple offices to do testing. This is a one stop shop! My doctor was great. She listened to me and asked me questions before sending me for some tests. I had to schedule a follow up appointment for 1 month later. I was disappointed when the office called to cancel my appointment 2 days before i was scheduled. I was rescheduled for 1 week later, but I did have to miss work to go in. I thought the front desk was fine, I didn't wait for very long, and the back office seemed organized and clean. I was told at my follow up appointment that I had a credit on my account so no co-pay was due. I don't know how I got a credit but I did not force them to take more money. I will definitely return and have recommended a few friends come here, as well.
1	I have been a patient here after finding them through my PEBP network. I used to have Dr. Conger who I enjoyed going to however she no longer is covered under state insurance so they switched me over to Dr. Merutka. I have NEVER in my life met a more careless doctor then him. When I switched over he had the nerve to start questioning me like I was a child regarding completely irrelevant things. He saw I gained weight and sat me down for questioning saying " Can you tell me what high cholesterol is?" After the fact that I had stated my impeccable eating habits. The second time I went I just needed a refill for a prescription and they put me down as having to have an appt. I went in saw him for less then 5 minutes and my insurance was charge 179.00. Recently my prescription was on an every 3 month refill and I found out my pharmacy could not get confirmation of refill so I spent 2 weeks trying to contact someone over there and no one would call me back. I finally received a call back 2 days after my refill was supposed to be done with his assistant saying Dr. Merutka cannot do the refill because it says you were gaining weight so you went off the prescription. The last time I was there he refilled my prescription so they seem to be very unorganized. I had to rush to call my Obgyn to rush a refill on a prescription because his office dropped the ball. Luckily for me my women's specialty care doctor is amazing and is able to assist me in this matter! I am now in search of a new primary care physician as I do not pay for money for bad service no matter what it is. I would not recommend using this office for a PCP.
1	Dr Donald Merutka, M.D. did nothing but interrupt me every time I spoke. He asked what I was on ( referring to a street narcotic ). Even after my drug test came back negative. He never took a test to find out what I was suffering from yet he prescribed me 2 meds. I called back complaining that my pain had intensified by 7-10 times what they were before I came to his office He just assumed I wanted to get my hands on pain pills. He never once got on the phone with me. Nurse Roxi ( nice name for doctors office ) said that doctor said, go to an ER or something. After complaining to Roxi about Dr Donald Merutka , she said a lot of patients think he's mean but it's just the way he is. WTF? Long story short, I'm with a new doctor now and he prescribed something different ( no pain meds @ all ) and my symptoms are going away. Dr Donald Merutka just wanted my co-pay and insurance. He got it and kicked my ass out the door. Thank you Dr Donald Merutka for wasting me and my families time. My sweet straight A little 8 year old girl is glad to see her daddy is getting back to normal. Insurance provides beware of scams out there. 1 star cause nurse was nice.
1	What's wrong with those f**** doctors.... bunch of primadonnas... they just can't take a call for one question. They simply ask you to take an appointment... oh! sure doc, let me pay $15 copay and have you bill my insurance for one visit so I can ask you if I can stop taking the pills you prescribed and that are giving me constant headaches.... won't even mention her name. They don't care... except about money...
