4	The only way I was able to visit this well to do, upscale country club was a wedding the hubby and I attended this weekend.  Ancala is a beautiful country club with a great views of the golf course from the outdoor patio and bar.  The ceremony was held outside in the heat but luckily the planners were wise enough to place the multiuse outdoor patio on the east side of the main clubhouse to provide ample shade in the late afternoon.  You Arizoinans know your sundials.  We did get a sneak peak at the wedding coordinator's style and professionalism since we did some extra work for our friend the groom.  Dawn and her team were right on cue and nothing but accomodating and thorough with both the ceremony and reception.  She even carried a orange clipboard to match the wedding colors.  Dinner was decent for wedding food and their house wine wasn't bad either.  As a guest we had an enjoyable time at Ancala.
4	Ancala Country Club is a pretty good track.  It is tight desert golf with a decent amount of sand/waste areas and arroyos on most of the holes.  Water only comes into play on the 9th and 18th as they hug a shared lake.  The par 5's are of pretty good length, and most of them have an arroyo about 290-300 yards down the fairway, so if you belt one out you could be disappointed.  The par 3's are good, two are about 160- 180 and the other two are 195-215.      The course is surrounded by a ton of houses but most are a good distance away from fairways.  If you do not hit the ball with a decent amount of consistent accuracy, you will not have a good time on the course.   I hit driver on most of the holes but for the everyday golfer to enjoy it the course should be played using your head,  I can see people losing ten balls on this course if not played with some smarts.       The course was in great shape and the greens were pretty fast, probably an 11 or 12 on the stimp.  All of the greens are contoured, but to be honest they are not too crazy.  The practice facility is good and the atmosphere is pretty relaxed, you certainly do not feel like you are at Bushwood from Caddyshack. The service is great and I saw the cart girl probably every 3.5 holes, very good.  I would rate this club probably in the high middle range for private courses in AZ.  I guess you could compare it to Talking Stick but I would say a course like the Boulders is just a bit better for courses around the area.  If you get a chance to play it I definitely would and I have heard that Jared Allen of the Minnesota Vikings is a member there.
3	For a membership only place, this place was very sub par. The food was something I would expect from a local dive bar, not a country club.The only redeeming factor is the view of the course/camelback and the strong drinks from a limited bar.
2	I was here as a member of a wedding party for rehearsal dinner, set up of reception, wedding and reception.  The food was good with the service during the reception much better than during the rehearsal dinner.  It rained, and the roof leaked all over the place including the bride's dressing area downstairs.  Luckily, we were in the room at the time and able to move expensive dresses and place solo cups strategically around the room. I was most distressed that no key or attendant was provided to secure the bride's dressing room during the festivities. We had to either take our chances with valuables, or remove them to the safety of your car or your husband's pockets.
5	Ancala is the perfect venue for a dream come true wedding.  From the moment we met with Fred to tour the venue to the day we said I do, everything was on point!  The grounds were gorgeous, patio and ballroom are perfect for receptions and the food and service were great!  Fred was constantly in communication with us throughout the planning process and was prompt in answering emails, questions and accommodating our requests.  He went above and beyond our expectations to ensure the wedding ran smoothly and stayed on schedule.  Thank you Fred!!  Our wedding was perfect thanks to you!
