3	Layalina Mediterranean Grill has found a new location at 401 S. 1st St., just around the corner from the location at 40 E Springfield Ave that burned down in November, 2013.On February 6, 2014, a new banner was hung at the location of the former Minnecci's restaurant. In a photo I have posted you can still see the Minnecci's sign standing in the parking lot at the corner of First and Springfield.This restaurant has a lot of promise and as they are starting out in their second location let's hope they can overcome some of the service issues which plagued their forerunner, Holy Land restaurant, formerly located on N. Neil St. and their original Layalina location at 40 E Springfield Ave. that burned 10 days after opening for business in November, 2013.
4	I went in for takeout today and had their mixed grill. It was tasty and I will definitely go back, especially for the chicken and the side of almond rice.  Why is that rice so good? I don't know but I will be craving it. The place was pretty full mid afternoon, and looked like it would be a nice cozy place to go on a winters night.
4	Layalina just reopened after its prior location burned to the ground a few months ago a block away. It's very good Middle Eastern food, which we've needed here in C-U for a long time. Just a tiny bit pricey for a student budget, but the portions are large. Almond rice was delicious with my chicken dish.  My friend had the lamb shewarma platter and said it was delicious. The service is cordial.
4	The wife and I visited at 3 PM on a Tuesday. Hadn't checked Yelp and didn't know the portions were large so we ended up taking a few leftovers home but, in general, the food tasted so good we almost ate it all anyway. My wife started with a Greek Salad which was quite generous with plenty of Feta cheese. I had a Tahini Salad that I also enjoyed, that was closer to the portion I was seeking. We then each ordered the 1/2 Chicken Tikka Platter which they combined on one plate. We haven't had red meat for a long time and wanted to try the vegetarian offerings but we just couldn't resist this platter for a taste.While waiting (they cooked it up fresh) they gave each of us a small cup of Lentil Soup that was very good, gratis, probably because the restaurant was nearly empty. The taste of the chicken when it came was just wonderful and savory. The accompanying almond rice was also to die for. It was lined with alternating tomato and lemon slices on a large platter. I was surprised to find those tomatoes were amazingly tasty, too. Definitely not store bought.The tea we had and the Arayes with Cheese that we threw in for good measure made for an extremely satisfying meal. We love spices and their cook has a very skilled touch. Can't wait to go back.
3	Food was good but it all came out 5-10min apart. Actually had to have one dish wrapped up because it never came out. The rice was good and so was the hummus. Will go back but gonna wait a while to see if they get it together
4	My husband and I had dinner here last weekend.  I think they've been open for about a month now.  Dining room was not packed, but fairly busy.Food- we had the appetizer sampler platter. Hummus and Baba Ganouj were standouts.  Also ordered Lebneh which was very good, and Kibbeh, which was the only so-so thing we ordered (tasty, but bulgur casing was thick and too tough for my taste). We then shared a Tabouleh that was excellent- very lemony and parsley-heavy (as I prefer). We shared a mixed grill,  which was also quite tasty and more than enough for two of us.  Given our ordering-spree, we had food for leftovers the next day. Fresh desserts (brought in) were excellent. Only eyebrow-raiser was Lipton tea bags for hot tea with dessert, which didn't match the quality of the rest of the meal. This would be an easy fix.Service- uneven (but very friendly), and I'm expecting it will improve over time. The kitchen had trouble spacing the courses appropriately, but once again, I'm assuming that will smooth out. Definitely shouldn't deter you from visiting.Overall- fresh flavorful food, comfortable dining room. Price was fair for what you got. We enjoyed it and will return.
4	Since their disastrous fire it was great to see them in a larger and nicer space. We got the hummus appetizer which was smooth, luscious and attractively plated. I'd seen grain-enrobed meatballs in cookbooks so I wanted to try the Kibbee. It tasted good but could use a sauce. I mopped it in the hummus.The service was a bit slow. We had to ask twice for napkins & we had no utelsils until the entrees came. I attribute this to the crowded room & the staff being overwhelmed. But the aromas were so inviting we just hung in there.My wife & daughter got the chicken kabobs & I had the veggie plate. Their kabobs were nicely seasoned & falling off the skewer tender. But they thought it could have used a sauce. I got more yummy hummus, good stuffed grape leaves & falafel. I didn't have baba ghannouj before so I can't compare. I liked the smokiness but it put off my wife. We thought the grilled veggies needed more time. Nice char but they were mostly raw. We really loved the 2 rices, especially the pinkish rice that had wonderful flavors we couldn't place but loved.All in all there are kinks to be worked out but we got good value for our money. Very tasty food & we will be back.
3	Parking is awful:(. Food very average.  Waitress very sweet.  Place needs cleaning and toilet paper:(. Would not return:(
3	Four of us came for dinner on a Saturday night, and we had mixed feelings about the experience. I get the sense they are still working out bugs regarding communication among servers and between servers and the kitchen. The food was generously portioned but lackluster.It took a while to get our orders taken due to our intended server getting held up with a large group, so a different server took our orders, but our appetizer order got lost somehow, and after around a half-hour wait our mains showed up without the appetizers! By this time we had our original server back, and when he found out about the mistake he was very apologetic and worked quickly to get our food to us.The food itself was just okay. One upside is that the servings were quite large, so we left feeling stuffed. The meat on the shawarma platter was good, as was the lamb kebab two of us ordered, and the arayes with meat were pleasant (though a bit scant on the meat filling), but the rest of the meal ranged from average to disappointing. One of us ordered the vegetarian platter, and it came with the stuffed grape leaves so dried out that they were basically inedible. The falafel is very underwhelming, and tastes like it might have been prepackaged and just heated up in-house. The vegetables that were supposed to come with the meals ended up being a few small pieces of tomato and onion, and a skewer with one small piece each of onion, tomato and bell pepper. I had to ask for an extra side of tahini sauce, as the shawarma plate came with maybe a teaspoon of the sauce on the plate. Also, I don't know if the server didn't hear us, but when we mentioned the dried-out grape leaves in passing, he didn't respond.Overall, it was a meal I might expect from a cheaper, take-out kebab restaurant, but with sit-down prices and scattered service. We probably wouldn't go out of our way to eat here again.
2	I went there for lunch.Food was just OK. Might consider coming back again, but not for lunch when i have to get back to work.It took them 10 mins to just come up to me and get my order and another 30 minutes to make 1 sandwich. The place was no way near busy (4 tables) to justify this delay.The slow service made me give them only 2 stars, because time especially when people have to get back to work is extremely important at lunch.Their parking lot is a mess..
5	Just had a marvelous dinner there with my husband. Absolutely superb food. Fresh, delicious, memorable flavors of the Mediterranean region. We shares an order of Falafel, a large Tabouleh salad and a Chicken Shish Tawook. Compliments to the chef. Service is friendly. If you are looking for fast food, go somewhere else. But if you are looking for quality food at an affordable price, give it a try. I can't wait to go back there again. Perhaps next week?
5	I had the Shawerma platter and falafel, and it was very tasty. The waiter was very nice and polite too. I had a hard time picking something from the menu because it all looked so good...
4	We went for a return visit at the beginning of April. The food was just as good, and the service was improved- though there was still a bit of a long wait to get appetizers, and then the main courses came out a little too fast for our taste. But still vastly improved from the first visit.They now have a nice choice of high-quality teas and turkish coffee to finish off your meal.Only wish beyond the food timing issue? Ability to BYOB since they do not have a liquor license.Recommended.
1	I ordered the Stuffed Grape Leaves and Meat Shawarma.The Stuffed Grape Leaves were blah. They were wimpy, limp, not very stuffed at all, and boring, but they ran laps around the Shawarma.The Meat Shawarma is made of beef *and* lamb (Is it beef? Is it lamb? It's both! Great...). The bread was flavorless and looked about as lovingly made as some forgettable store-bought pita, which it probably was. No grain, no texture, no spices, nothing going on here. The meat was remarkably dry. The sauce, whatever it was, was tasteless and barely there. The shawarma, akin to the grape leaves, was not very stuffed at all. It lay almost flat.Overpriced for what it was. The food isn't even close to being good enough to justify going here over Jerusalem Restaurant. I'm surprised they could possibly do any worse than Jerusalem. But ta-da, Layalina did it. Maybe it's the curse of this building because Minecci's was awful too...
4	We heard heard good things about Layalina and were eager to try them out. We went for dinner and shared the Tabouleh and Kufta Kabob--and still had enough left over for a lunch portion. We wanted dessert, but all they had left was Greek yogurt cheesecake, and we're not cheesecake fans. The young lady serving us was cheerful and more or less attentive. We will definitely go back!
2	Came in here with my boyfriend and we ordered the chicken shawarma platter and chicken shish tawook(?). We waited for almost 30 mins to be told that they ran out of chicken for my shawarma. I somewhat wanted to leave but I was too hungry so I settled for the meat shawarma. The plus side- the server was nice.After receiving our food, I wasn't completely satisfied. I wanted more flavor. It was close to being bland. However, I did try the chicken and it tasted better than the meat shawarma. That was somewhat annoying.. knowing that I might have enjoyed my meal more if I received what I ordered. All in all, although they serve a good portion for the price, the food itself isn't impressive. I only liked the chicken.
4	So addicted to this place. I had wanted to try it when it was in the old location but it burned down before I could get there. New location looks exactly like the old Minneci's inside just with Arabic framed artwork on the walls and music blaring. The staff is obviously family and friends of the owners, not experienced waitstaff, and while friendly enough for those used to service outside the U.S. you won't find the forced cheerfulness/friendliness and concern that's expected in American tip-based restaurants, which was fine with me. I'm here for the food. And oh, the food. My personal favorite is the chicken shish tawook. My husband who is a lamb fan loved the kufta kabob (kind of a caseless sausage of mixed beef and lamb and other things grilled on a stick).  Even the kids who got chicken fingers eschewed their fare for bites off our plates. I always get the mixed grill, it offers the most bang for your buck, we fed two people off it with leftovers to spare. The rice is excellent, hummus is good, if you like baba ghanouj theirs is good (I don't so wasn't fond of it). Pitas with the hummus were hot and fresh and they happily brought us more when we managed to demolish it in short order. I've had the baklava as well, and its on the wetter side. I'm more a fan of drier crunchier baklava but the flavor was fine.Since going the first time I've been back twice in less than a month and think I'm going to show up for lunch today as well. Call ahead for takeout if you don't have time to wait, everything is made to order and not the fastest (think about 15m). If you're looking for a nice, leisurely sit-down place with laid-back service and excellent food, try Layalina.
4	I've been twice now and have never been disappointed. The servers are friendly and attentive, the food is a little bit of a wait but comes out hot, fresh and delicious so its definitely worth it. The prices are reasonable and the portions are huge - there is definitely plenty to take home and it re-heats well for lunch the next day. Personally I'm a fan of the mixed grill, chicken shish tawook, and the falafel.
3	My wife an I are from the middle-east, so we have tasted wonderful middle-eastern food many times (basically grew up with it). Chambana locals might consider this restaurant pretty good, but based on our standards it is mediocre at best. A few reasons why as examples? The pita bread isn't homemade, and it was thin and dry. The humus was ok, nothing special.. Vine leaves weren't wrapped well and didn't seem very fresh.. Shawarma was overcooked, though the seasoning was pretty good.. And the cookies for dessert were pretty bad (though the Turkish coffee was good). It's the only choice for middle-eastern food in the area, so worth going once in a while.. But don't get excited.
1	Our group of five friends went to check out Layalina: a new restaurant that took place of Minecci's. When we walked in, we couldn't tell the difference: the place looked exactly the same as in its previous incarnation as an Italian restaurant. Perhaps the owner thought that Italy is a subset of Mediterranian, so a Mediterranian restaurant can stay looking the same. The decor didn't change at all! Jumping forward, let me tell you what else didn't change: their kitchen equipment that burns and over-dries food. Or is it the chefs? I dunno, but it doesn't really matter to me how my food ends up dry.The waiter was polite and helpful: probably the most enjoyable aspect of Layalina, but hardly the reason in itself to visit this restaurant. We placed our orders, but were informed that the kitchen was out of a bunch of very generic ingredients, so at least three of us had to change our (different) selections. This was only around 5 PM, and judging by how few tables were occupied, it was hardly because of a large demand that day. Three of us ended up ordering a variety of sandwiches, and the other two oredered vegetarian platters. While waiting for food, I took a sip of iced water from my glass: Bleeeh! It was some of the most discusting water I have ever tasted in my life! I don't know if sewage water tastes much worse than that, but my glass remained untouched until we left. The food was prepared in a reasonable time. An appetizer of "best in town" falafels (according to the waiter) came almost paper dry and hardened in a deep-frier. I have had falafels many times, but deep-frying them was both unexpected and unpleasant. The meat in my Kabob Sandwich was mixed with choped greens shaped into sausages before cooking. I have had this type of meat - Armenian lyuli - so many times before, and it's always been succulent and some of my favorite. That's why I have no idea how they managed to get it so dry and tasteless in Layalina. The vegetarian platters came  with clearly store-bought stale pita bread and were also averall boring. And no, serving a lot of pita doesn't make it OK pita. A "vegetable skewer" in the menu turned out to be a wooden skewer burned third way like a matchstick, containing one small slice of a bell pepper, a small slice of overbaked tomato and, if memory serves, something as unmemorable as a single onion ring. A ring, not an onion disc, an onion ring. I get it, we gotta be understanding and share whatever ingredients still left at Layalina with people who will have to eat after us. Anyways... For desert, we didn't get our first choice, because... yes, you guessed it, they were out of it, so one of us ordered something recommended by a waiter. It was a palm-sized flat rectangular whitish pastry with something that _looked_ like a bunch white curly hairs. Not sure what it was, but three people in my party were able to choke down only half of it altogether. It tasted like cold porridge. At that point adults started playing with food, and I knew it was time to leave.
4	Our waiter was very sweet and we took his suggestions for what to order (and sorry, but I can't remember what we had except the felafel). In spite of the fact that they do not serve alcohol, we very much enjoyed our dinner and would go back.
3	The overall experience was just OK.  The food was ok, we ordered lamb kabobs and then the waitress came back much later to tells us that they were out of lamb kabobs, so we ordered lamb chops.  She came back much later to tell us that they were also out of lamb chops,  she was very nice but also very slow.I don't like to knit pick all the little things, but there were enough to take this from a "good" to "average" experience.
2	Come for the Mediterranean food, but not for the Mediterranean service. Upon arrival, we were seated promptly, however the time it took to get our orders in was quite a while. I had asked the waiter for a side of pita bread to go with my meal, but we did not see him for the rest of the night. Maybe he got lost in the kitchen where we frequently heard glasses being dropped. Our drink glasses were never refilled, and I had to ask for the bill, as we waited about 10 minutes after finishing without any sign of our waiter. Sad to say that such a wonderful meal could be spoiled by such terrible service. This place has a lot of potential, but definitely need to work on a couple things before they move up on my list. For the time being, I will definitely need to find another place to satisfy my craving for chicken shawerma.
3	This is an ordinary place with very ordinary tasting food. The best thing I can say about it is that they give you a lot. The Kofta platter was acceptable. The chicken skewers were OK. The shawarma platter was not good. The meat comes with basmati rice and sometimes a small side of cucumbers. The yoghurt sauce was not fresh. The Layalina platter was a combination of the above plus some beef. I do not think this is a bargain because dinner comes to about  $17/person with tips etc. Perhaps OK for a college town. The bathrooms are deplorable, one stall did not have a door and the other one was so tiny that it was impossible.
3	My husband brought me and our two smallest children after he had been the day before with a friend. I love Mediterranean food, but have not been able to really enjoy it since having been to Israel over a year ago. We ordered falafel sandwiches for ourselves, and a plate of falafel for the kids. We also shared a plate of hummus. The falafel was tasty, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Exactly how it should be! I would prefer homemade pita, however. It's really not that difficult to make, and it would really take the food up quite a notch since pita is served with everything. I make my own hummus quite a bit, and it's hard to pay for it elsewhere, but I would gladly pay for it here! I like how they make a well of Olive oil/lemon juice in the middle of the hummus. I give three stars, simply because I'm always hesitant of a new restaurant that does nothing to freshen up the place before opening. Also, the bathroom door was off the hinges. I guess that will be a good marker as to how attentive they are to detail and cleanliness. Our waitress was attentive enough, not overly friendly, but she took care of our needs.
5	Really good food. The fact that it's all Halal makes it even better :) Some dishes that stood out to me: Layalina Mixed Grill, Baklava.Only downside is the music playing in the background. Which I understand is to enhance the atmosphere. But I would prefer to have no music at all :P
5	As a middleeasterner I know what good kabob should taste like, and Layalina passed the test. Good food; great addition to CU restaurant pool.
3	The food was good and the price was good too.  The hummus was fantastic (I had the vegetarian sample appetizer), and grape leaves were also great!  The vegetable skewer had two pieces of a bell pepper on it.  The food was fresh and the staff so sweet, but my two suggestions are 1. Serve alcohol, and 2. Play music.
5	I just had one of the  best lunches I've ever had in my life at this wonderful new Middle Eastern restaurant. Five bucks bought me a fabulous falafel sandwich-tender falafel and plenty of veggies and hummus to moisten the pita-plus delicious fries and a Pepsi. For five bucks! At that price I could afford to order a fresh and tangy tahini salad on the side. The server was really nice and the food didn't take too long to arrive. I enjoyed the soothing ambience, the roomy and private booth, and the soft Middle Eastern music in the background. Their bathroom could use a little sprucing up, but that's my only complaint. Five stars to my favorite restaurant in Champaign!
4	This place is very good! The staff is friendly and prices are cheap. They have a great lunch special for $5.99 that includes hummus, salad, rice, pita, and a kebab. The lamb kebabs are awesome.  I have also tried many of the appetizers on the menu and have never been disappointed. The building could use some renovations, especially the bathrooms. Other than that, I would recommend this place to anyone!
