3	2 diners ordered eggs benedict this morning. Quick, no frills service was fine, and the food was alright too, but something tasted a bit funky in the hollandaise sauce. Both of us reported the same thing. We both suspect it was too much lemon juice. Made the dish hard to really enjoy. The eggs, on the other hand, were poached perfectly. This dish was priced about right but we were both surprised by the higher-than-expected prices of the standard breakfast fare. Fairview deli is a real mixed bag. I won't be rushing back, but I won't be purposely avoiding it. Hmmm...
4	I had a simple egg breakfast here, it was cooked per my request and the service was fast and friendly. The meal was appropriately priced. I would come back here again. It is an expansive menu.
4	I've been here a few times and have only ever had the smoked meat sandwich, so I can't comment on any of the other food options there. Based on that, I would highly recommend this place: excellent sized portions for the money and much better smoked meat than I've had at other places in the area.
1	Three words : absolutely disgusting restaurant.How can I review this restaurant ...First of all , the food was disgusting and expensive. In fact , I had a take out order of a souvlaki combo. Well , my plate that usually comes with a salad in any Greek establishment was not there . Instead , I had a souvlaki which meat was not even cooked properly as it was still reddish . Then , this came with a pack of fries that came from McCain frozen food -- absolutely garbage as it was full of salt . It was not even worth taking a picture for future customers to see.Add another aspect of something I really disliked . My order took 20-25 mins to be made and given to me . Seriously ? It's a day week and the restaurant was not busy . I saw a man who knew the manager or boss walked in after me for a take out order and was served before me ? Moreover, I've asked the person who took my order whether it was possible to have water instead of a soft drink , she told me it was possible , and instead she charged me for the water without warning me , thanks a lot I felt conpletly deceived .How is this acceptable . I worked in the restaurant industry for years and such service can be describe as complete crap and unprofessional .Honestly If I could I would give this restaurant zero stars as it's take out standards are garbage . Various coworkers of my office have also told me to avoid this restaurant and thereby , following my experience, I do not recommend it to anyone . Avoid at all costs , you'll be served a lot faster, with more food and a cheaper price at fairview'a food court upstairs.
