1	SLOWER THAN THE DMV! So pissed! Some A-hole stole my license plate a week ago off my vehicle, right in front of my house. Called 311 to report and get info on what to do next. I was told to go to a station and file a report just in case. First off they are only open Monday-Friday 9-5 to file a report. Not convenient when you only have 1 weekday off a week. I walked in, got my number (18) and sat for over 2 and a half hours to accomplish NOTHING! They were on number 10 when I got there. In the first hour they had only gotten to 13, I was 18. They closed their doors at 4:45 because they were short staffed and didn't want more people coming in. A lady asked the 5 of us I'm the first waiting area if we were registering guns or filing a report. She told us they were short staffed and couldn't stay a minute after 5:00. That they might not be able to get to us. We could write out a statement but there was NO guarantee we could file a report. I'd already been there over an hour so oh hell let's see how this goes. We'll at 5:25 (remember they couldn't stay a minute after 5:00) my number gets called. I go to the window and the lady asks what I need. So I tell her why I'm there. Not much story or detail to a stolen license plate. She tells me that she couldn't file a report because it would take too long. Something about inputting it in the computer and emails blah blah blah she lost me at no. WTF I've sat here for over 2 hours and you can't help me! She offered me a line pass to come back another day. As I ripped the paper statement I told her I didn't have another weekday because guess who picked up an extra shift on her weekday off next week. Yup this girl. So Bring a book, a tablet or fully charged phone. You'll be here a while. And I hope you can complete what you came in to do!
4	Long story short, I got rear ended on Christmas Eve by a girl from California who was driving her friend's car. According to the car owner's insurance company (Progressive) they made many attempts to contact the insured over the phone, but he never answered or returned their calls. A week later, they still had no contact with him and told me they couldn't move forward until they speak with him. You can imagine I was pretty frustrated at that point. I talked to one of the adjusters from Progressive and asked if there was anything I could do on my end to get the ball rolling on repairing my car. I mean, this was unfair to me. It was the girl's fault and I have to drive around with a smashed rear bumper for who knows how long because the owner of the car is irresponsible? Oh Hell No!! The adjuster told me to go and file a police report, which was basically the only way they could move on without waiting to talk to this bastard.So that is what I did. I called to ask how to file a police report, and they told me to come down during business hours, which is Monday thru Friday 9-5. There was no way I could make it there by 5 after getting off from work, but luckily, they had normal business hours on NYE when I worked a half day. Took me an hour to get there because of the crazy NYE traffic! You walk in, take a number and wait. Either a officer or another employee will come out and ask what you are there for. If you are not registering guns, they will tell you to go into the next room and wait there. Then they ask everyone what kind of report they are filing and will give you the appropriate form to fill out while waiting. Spent a little over an hour there because there were a lot of people and 2 employees in the second room. But still, it wasn't too bad. The one bad thing is that there is no privacy. Everyone in the room can hear your conversation with the employee who is processing your report, just an FYI. But, glad that I finally got it done. Hoping that my car will finally get fixed now!
1	Well, no privacy at all,  gotta tell your biz to everyone in the room. As soon as you enter you take a ticket and theres nothing that tells you where to wait after doing so, then a lady comes out to yell at you for being in the wrong place. Sorry! Put up a sign & give us simpletons some direction! Just a sign, thats it, so simple.
5	Well Thank your stars for employee Christina  (blonde hair) she was the nicest most pleasant woman I ever met. She actually made you feel like she wanted to help you. She saved the day. All the hubbub earlier was forgotten after she handled my case. Some one give this lady a raise!
