5	I have been coming to K-Land Nails & Spa for 4 years.  They offer great service in a clean and welcoming salon.  My husband gets his nails done here too.  Jenny and Henry have a great staff.  Strangers comment on how great my nails look all the time.  You must try them out.
5	Very nice salon. The new owner is great and does great work. Very professional and clean. Great salon
1	I have been going to K-Land Nail salon through three different owners now.  This new owner is rude to his workers.  I am not sure if they will continue with OPI products because he was unloading cheap product in his store.  Having his children in the store is very un-professional.  I love children but I pay good money to get my nails done to relax.
5	I have been going here for years now. I never leave disappointed. The one and only thing I do to treat myself to relaxation is a monthly pedicure. I can get an appointment the same day I call which is really convenient for a busy gal like me. I used to see Mindy, however I just found out she left. Henry (previous owner) took care of me today and I am thrilled to say he will be my new "go to". I always leave feeling rejuvenated upon departure. I highly recommend k-land nails.
5	K-Land Nail and Spa does a fantastic job on my nails/toes!  The new owner is very friendly and honest.  He is great at doing the hard gel which is difficult to come by.  The salon is clean and affordable.  I would highly recommend this place.
5	Best nail place I have ever been to!!! I have had Danny and Nancy and they are amazing.
5	K-Land Nails & Spa did a great job on my acrylic/gel nail set. I came in with a unique design and they were able to match it. They turned out beautifully! The salon is clean and affordable. I got a discount for the grand re-opening with the new ownership and I got to try a new product at a discount. Staff is friendly and honest. Highly recommended!
5	I take business trips to AZ every other month. I found K Land Nails and Spa on Yelp, it was near where I stayed. I was skeptical due to very few reviews that they have. Although, mostly positive but one negative kinda made me think twice. After all, I've deciced to stop by for a full set service. The place is nice and clean, they're using OPI and other great products. Service was great and friendly staffs. On top of all, the ending results was beautiful nails, smooth and silky skins. I highly recommend this place and will definitely come back on my next trip to Arizona.
5	Love the gel from K-Land nails. My nails are always even and smooth. Love the new design of the spa. Looks very sleek. Everyone is so friendly. The spa is very clean. I have never had any issue with my nails looking bad after a trip to K-Land.
5	Great service and very friendly! I just moved to Scottsdale from Portland Oregon and had been going to the same nail salon/person for four years and knew it would be difficult replacing her. Dan/K-Land was the third person and second place to attempt my nails and I was very impressed!  He put on a brand new set of gel and I receive so many compliments. I will be going back to him! I guess third time really is the charm!!
4	Great pedicure,  decent gel manicure. I hate when there are a few weaker techs where you leave with some scratches and throbbing nails but a great pedicure. Prices are high for gel manicures ($35) but fair for the spa pedicure ($30).The small girl is nice but really rough and not great. The men are fantastic.
5	Am leaving on behalf of my wife who says this is the best nail place she has found.  Her exact words: "Extraordinarily clean.  Very quick service.  Very fair price.  I've tried 5 or 6 places in recent years and Dan's shop is perfect."
5	Stop looking for a place to go. This is THE place to have your nails done. I have had my nails (hard gels) done at the top ranked salon in Scottsdale for over a year, and I have been to several other highly ranked places in the area as well. Dan's work at K-Land is far superior. He is detail oriented and precise. This is not a fancy spa, but the  salon is clean and well organized. Dan's manicure has lasted incredibly well, with no lifting or chipping. There are many closer salons that I could go to. But the quality of the work at K-Land keeps me coming back.
