2	I was torn between 2 and 3 stars, but then I thought about our overall experience and two it is. The salsa (one red) served at the start of the meal was just ok but the chips were fresh and still warm. It's a positive two for the guacamole.THAT, I know for sure. Their guac is more of a creamy base with smashed tomatoes and bits (slivers) of onions,combined with some(read very little) avocado used just to make it seem green as guacamole should. The color green was very sad. I have had some great guac (shout out to Cantina and La Unica!) and it was a happy vibrant color of green. This sad muted green was on the other end of the rainbow. The fajitas were pretty good with nicely marinated chicken BUT they are served with no lime wedges.I used the left over lime from my Corona, which we (all four) thought they tasted flat out of the bottle? And were not very cold. The Chicken enchiladas were good. The server had to take a few moments in-between placing our order and asking questions about the menu etc. as if she was just learning English. She tripped up a few times but she was trying hard. After the big disappointment of a take out from one of my *former* favorites this was actually very good, which does not say much. There are is another Charlotte location and two in Gastonia but I won't be rushing to any of them. Most likely not giving this another shot either. If I am in the area I'll go next door to Nona's Sweets . OoPppS, scratch that.  I'll drive the 1/2 mile down the block to her new location and fill up on Italian nummies.
3	While in the - general - vicinity, looking for someplace else to eat, and trying to avoid going to Nona's, we decided to give a try to Los Arcos.  How can you not, with those nicely-appointed windows?  It looks like they built it just for you!Unfortunately, the service isn't terribly good, and that's when no one is there.  I can't even imagine what it's like when they get busy.  Perhaps they don't.As to the food - the portions are decently sized, and the ingredients seem to be reasonably fresh, but put them all together and they seem to be utterly average.  I really don't know how that could happen.  I think that we were just spoiled by Don Juan's in Mint Hill, and those wonderfully fresh chips...
3	This is your run-of-the-mill Mexican restaurant. It's decent food, decent prices, but nothing extraordinary. It's a bit small and a little stuffy feeling. I'm not so much a fan of feeling like I'm in the way of the servers trying to get food to the tables or other patrons getting around, but it's inevitable in such a tiny space. It kind of detracts from your meal.But I will say, the Arroz con Pollo is OUTSTANDING. Probably the only reason I really go back to this place at all.
1	This restaurant just opened a week ago so we thought we'd try it out, as we love Mexican food.  The decor is nice, but I would rate the food as sub-par.  First, this is primarily a buffet restaurant but is not advertised as such.  Not liking buffets, we ordered off the regular dinner menu.Also being vegetarian we ordered one of the vegetarian variety dishes that came with a cheese enchilada, cheese burrito, cheese quesadilla, and taco.  I should have known something wasn't right when our food came out in less than two minutes of ordering it.  Everything tasted the same....extremely bland and borderline awful....very tasteless.  The cheese in our burrito wasn't even melted.  I'm glad our bill was only $20 or I would have considered not paying.  Needless to say, I would not recommend this place to anyone.....but if you would like decent Mexican food, you may want to stop by the Taco Bell that literally is in the same parking lot as this place.  We left Los Arcos and drove three miles down the road to a superbly awesome Mexican restaurant, Don Pedros, which I give five stars.
1	Recently opened in the old max & erma's, the outdoor renovations are beautiful. The inside is weird. Sterile, overly bright, carpeted floors and odd decor for being a brand new place. Both experiences here have been dull. Chips are too thick and salsa couldn't be blander. They did accommodate my special request for onion and pepper chimichangas. 2 came on the plate, and it was a ridiculously large amount of food. However, the chimi had been fried too long and tasted of stale oil. Combine that with the cheese dip on top, the meal was too much. Too heavy and no flavor. I recently tried the weekend buffet (11-3). There is almost nothing vegetarian on the buffet, but for $7.50 one can't possibly complain.
2	RELOCATED. Remembered it being better at their old location, to be honest I was quite disappointed this last time. Probably won't be back.
