5	New to the vapor scene my wife and I ventured in to get some new supplies. The owner was very patient with us and took the time to explain every detail of the process And took apart the vaporizer and pieces it back together. You can sample the flavors before you buy. They give a punch card where every 10 bottles are free. Thanks for being so helpful and friendly!!
4	Stopped in to buy some of The Standard e juice and was told they don't stock it and they only sell it on their website. Was kinda disappointed because they advertised it on their Instagram. But picked up some Jameson's juice that I really like. Also had my k100 re built while I was there and the guy who built it did it really fast. I was skeptical at first but he did a great job. The build is killer. Overall it's a nice shop. Nothing bad to say about this place. Only gave it 4 stars because it is not a hangout type of shop like a lot of other vape shops in town.
5	Excellent service. Went there for my first e cig. the guy working there knew the answer to every question and knew what to recommend to me. Extremely helpful and passionate about his job. Will likely visit often.
4	Tiny place they don't make their own juice but the flavors are good. A little on the pricey side. I had to try it though. I won't go out of my way to go there but I would go back if I was in the area.
4	The Vapor Loft takes up just one of the shipping containers on the 2nd level of Container Park. But they pack a lot of good stuff into that small space. My recent visit here left me thinking this is one of the better vape shops in Las Vegas at the moment. But enough of that...if you're reading this lets get to what you wanna know. E-Juice: They carry Halo... which says a lot. Moving past that fact they carry a nice selection of e-juice and they won't hesitate to let you try them out (and without any attitude if you end up asking for 3-4 to try). Need parts or a starter kit? Their pricing is comparable to other retail vape stores I've seen in Vegas. And not that much above online pricing either, perhaps even comparable when shipping costs are factored in.If you come in and ask technical questions about drip tanks, variable voltage and the like you won't get BS answers. On my visit the staff that I spoke with were truly knowledgeable about their products. I listened to their interaction with another customer who was just getting started in vaping and the items they recommended were what I consider to be very good choices. The Vapor Loft does have a couple of not so good things worth mentioning. It's in Container Park so parking to get in and out..well...I hope you like walking or don't mind using the valet. E-Juice: It's all shipped in from elsewhere...SoCal for the most part. So they have lots of factory sealed bottles to choose from with typically 1 or 2 different nic levels to choose from. If you want to customize your e-juice this is not the place for you. But if you like stuff like Halo you take what they give you and smile. Overall....it's worth the time to go up there and check them out. 4 Stars.
1	These guys apparently close down in the middle of the day with a back at 2:00 sign posted on the door. I've been sitting here for 20 mins and no one has showed up. Mind you I left and grabbed something to eat and now it is 2:30. This is bad business. I can't see this place being around for long.
3	Small and simple location. They have lots of flavours to try out. It is a nice quiet atmosphere. Very relaxing and I like the dim lights ...
4	Small and simple location. They have lots of flavours to try out. It is a nice quiet atmosphere. Very relaxing and I like the dim lights ...
5	I've visited the Vapor Loft a couple of times now since my first review and I've had consistently great service on every visit. I've also been very pleased with the staff's e-juice recommendations and have found some new favorites. The staff has a very high level of technical knowledge when it comes to vaping hardware, and they answer questions and provide service without an attitude. (Service with a smile wins me over almost every time.). I'm updating my review and giving them 5 Stars because visit after visit, they treat me right. If you're close by Container Park and need e-juice, Kanger coils or parts, or want to upgrade your equipment you can't go wrong stopping here. 5 Stars, again all of them earned!
5	Every time I've come in here it's been an overall good experience. My husband and brother-in-law got sucked into the vaping craze and visit the Vapor Loft pretty often. They buy everything from juices to vapor mods here. To be honest, most of what they know about vaping they learned from the dudes who work here. The staff at Vapor Loft take vaping to a science. They are extremely knowledgeable and patient, which is generally hard to come by in the vaping world. The cozy size of Vapor Loft also makes for a more personal atmosphere than say, Pink Spot. On my most recent check-in, the Mr. bought a fancy new mechanical mod. The whole package cost about $130-140. Plus they have a military discount! The associate spent over an hour (no joke) going through the ins and outs of how to maintain a mechanical mod with my husband. He got him all set up and offered advice on where to buy things like organic cotton balls and a tank atomizer. Whenever we visit Container Park, it goes without saying that a stop at the Vapor Loft is necessary. These guys know their stuff- nuff said.
5	Absolutely the best vape shop in Las Vegas! This place is like a campfire and I want me s'more...
1	My boyfriend and I came in. We're from out of town. The guy made no effort to help or be friendly. Not a great mod selection. Had some juices but again, made no effort to help us try them out. Will not be coming back on future trips. The guy was a total asshole.
