5	Somehow my windshield got cracked in March, and I took it to a Safelite location in Chicago to be repaired.  Three months later, the "repaired" 3-inch crack hatched a new crack that extended about two feet across the passenger side of my car.  I was a bit miffed, and put off replacing it because my view from the driver's seat wasn't obstructed and I didn't feel like spending money on my car.  I finally caved in and made an appointment with the Safelite on Neil.  The online appointment system was easy to use, and I got a call from an insurance claim adjustor within an hour of making the appointment.  I got a second call from the Champaign Safelite shortly after that to confirm my appointment. On the day of my appointment, I was told I could bring my car in early and they could start working on it.  When I dropped my car off, I asked the technician (I can't remember his name) to scrape off the city sticker from my old windshield so that I could take it to my town's city hall to request a replacement.  When I came back a few hours later, my car was parked out front, all of the windows were clean, the interior was vacuumed, and my old city sticker was stuck to my new windshield (I don't know how he got it off in one piece!).  I paid the price that I was quoted on the website and drove away happy. I hope that the new windshield will stay crack-free and that I won't have any reason to go back here anytime soon.  However, I had a very positive experience and I highly recommend this Safelite location.
5	I have used Safelite of Champaign 4 times in the last 4 years, 3 times for chip repair and one time for a windshield replacement. Every time of those 4 I had a very positive experience with Safelite. The work was always conducted in a quick and professional manner. I brought my car to their garage for an appointment and was out in under 20 minutes. The scheduling center and the technicians are always friendly and courteous, and the quality of their work is great: the chips they repaired stayed sealed for years, and the new windshield's seal hasn't cracked or peeled in 4 years. A word of advice: if you just got a chip, get it repaired with Safelite ASAP. The cost is peanuts compared to the price of a high quality original windshield, which run into many hundreds of dollars and are usually better quality than after-market replacements. Even though your chip may look like it's not growing, wait until seasons change, and you'll have your windshield split in pieces. I know I did, and it was dumb. Also, once the cracks start spreading beyond the size of a quarter (or is it a dollar bill nowadays?), it's irreparable. Besides, unlike glass replacement, chip repair can be completely covered by your insurance: I have Allstate, and I didn't pay a dime, and my insurance payments didn't go up.
5	Great people safelite is the best. I'll also give them two thumbs up I'm still excited about my new windshield.  I'll recommend safelite to everyone
5	Fast and great service with a smile
