4	There is no doubt that Baltimore is an epicenter of Jewish life.  This translates to a plethora of shopping options for those keeping kosher.  However, for those who enjoy a partaking in fromage with kosher rennet are out of luck.  The best you can do is a brick of waxy orange Miller's cheddar.So, it was to my great delight when my friend took me to Murray Avenue Kosher.  It's not the flashiest of markets, but it certainly has a wide assortment of products for a relatively small Jewish community.  I bought the following items which I have not yet found in my hometown:Cheddar - EnglandBrie - QuebecKashkaval - BulgariaOlive tapanade (super hard to find kosher) - IsraelFig preserves - Israel Pesto - Israel
3	This is a decent place to get all of our Kosher food for Passover. It was much easier this year to get the meats that we wanted for the Seders, but they still lack an array of different meats other than beef and chicken. They change everything over for Passover pretty early so it is easy to get stocked up in advance of the holiday.  Overall now that I am moving here full time I will definitely be using this store for any of my Kosher needs.
1	There is nothing good to say about this store except that the food is kosher.  There is no customer service.  In fact, most employees are down right rude.  They have the attitude that they are doing you a favor to sell you kosher food - whether it is bad or good, what you need or not, just take it and thank them.  Avoid if at all possible.
4	No butcherie has a very friendly staff, it's just the way it is. But I don't care...all the looks I get from the Orthodox women in their long skirts and me in my leggings and sweatshirt, won't keep me at bay. The food is delicious. Buying my food for Pesach was a cinch and instead of being starving this year I am stuffed! The Waldorf Chicken Salad is TDF and my fiance LOVES their Matzah Balls (which are ginormous).
4	I go to Murray Avenue Kosher quite often to pick up fish, bread and on occasion the prepared deli foods which are usually high quality.  The service especially at the checkout counter is not customer friendly but not intentionally rude.  I really like the kosher wine section as well as the large selection of smoked fish and kosher cheeses. Be prepared to pay higher prices than at the general supermarkets ( kosher is generally more costly everywhere).  While the service may not be over friendly (although I have never really had a problem) I have always found the other customers to be both polite and often friendly.
5	Murray Avenue Kosher is awesome. It's got your essentials ranging from dish soap and toothpaste to fresh meats in the deli. Although I'm not Jewish, I have severe food allergies and I've found that I am able to eat a wide variety of kosher items because of the practices of separating dairy and non-dairy food items, and because everything is disclosed on the ingredient label. The clear labeling on all the products is awesome, and most of all, no one gives me insane looks when I ask if something has casein, whey, lactose, or some other arcane food by-product I'm allergic to. The store also stocks items such as sticker labels for kosher/non-kosher food items and even utensils designated for use in food items that are separated in the kitchen. Again, I am not Jewish, but I sincerely appreciate having stores like these because I'm able to ask questions on very specific ingredients, cross-contamination/food separation practices because of my severe food allergies.I stopped by right before Passover this year, and I stocked up on cups of mashed potatoes (totally dairy free and delicious) and microwave meals made by Amazing Meals - both are a lifesaver for me during finals week. While the costs of these items may be a bit more than what you'll find at the grocery store, I know that because it is certified Kosher, I can eat these items safely without having an allergic reaction. They also have excellent Toffuti items but be sure to pick them up before any major holidays because these items are delicious and sell out quickly. There is an excellent selection of meats! Sausages, deli slices, and a variety of cuts of beef and chicken. I stocked up on stew meat to freeze, and the quality of the meats is really good. You can find fresh meats from NYC and Chicago, and I was able to stock up and drive back to West Virginia by putting everything in a cooler bag. I'll probably be making monthly trips to Pittsburgh to stock up on food here, so if you see a lone Japanese girl freaking out at all the awesome things she can safely eat without going into anaphylaxis, it is most likely me.
4	I bought far more than I expected, after peeking into this well-stocked Kosher grocery store.  Interesting things I've not found elsewhere; some delicious Israeli products and babka from Brooklyn.  Tasty (and thankfully garlic free) chopped liver; delicious chicken salad; a reasonable price on our favorite gluten free matzah Yehuda's (try the onion flavor, mmm); corned beef was ok -- not well-marbled with fat for moistness, but big wad of fat on one edge -- I'd try it again to see another cut.  Deli counter clerk was very helpful and pleasant.  Had lovely chat with one of the owners, Lilah.  She took a break from running one of the check out registers to answer some of my questions, and trade niceties as I'm a visitor to this fair city.  I mentioned that some of her gluten free items cost less than my regular market, and she said she couldn't see overcharging people just because they have a food intolerance.  That's a refreshing perspective!  Though you can sometimes feel like an outsider when you're not in the Orthodox garb, I felt right at home in my Reformed normal street clothes.  All staff, and other customers were pleasant, as well.I would definitely shop here again.  There are many more enticing things to try -- all seemed very good quality.
