3	Only had a chance to experience the Oscuro (amber lager) and the pizza (the Arizona vs. Boston) so far but it's enough to make me want to come back and try more.Lots of flat screens. Should be a great place to spend a Sunday afternoon watching footbal in the fall.
3	We grabbed lunch here on the Friday after Thanksgiving and I was so excited to catch a glimpse of the tumbleweeds Christmas tree in downtown Chandler - awesomeness.  The idea behind this brewery is great - several high tables with bar stools and a bar along the wall that will eventually be open to serve an outdoor patio which is currently under construction.  The beers are said to be like Four Peaks since the old brew master opened this spot.The space is kind of narrow and there are not enough T.V.'s.  We had to switch seats so that I could try and catch a glimpse of my beloved Longhorns go down.  The menu is fairly typical of good bar food.  We started with the chips trio which came with guacamole, queso and pico de gallo.  The queso was weak (tasted canned) but the pico was great and guac got the thumbs up from those that ate it.  My husband and I split the mushroom burger and the ribeye philly.  The ribeye philly was great and the burger was good, but greasy (what we needed after the ASU/USC game the day before).  The fries were seasoned, crispy and delicious.  The main issue I had was the slowness of the kitchen.  We were not in a hurry, so it did not kill the experience but it took about 45 minutes to get our food.  They just opened so I assume they are working out the kinks.  This spot is a good option for downtown Chandler.  I would definitely go again.
4	I had heard about SanTan Brewery from several faux-yuppie types and, to be honest, didn't really give a crap about it for the longest time.  I mean, really...screw those people.Then I realized that it was practically around the corner from me and the beer was supposed to be Four Peaks-quality, and I changed my tune slightly.  We went on a Sunday, not too busy in there, and I decided to sample the beers, which were pretty much standard micro-brewery fare (good stuff).  My date got the Aegean burger and I ordered a spicy slow-roasted pork dish.The service wasn't great, but the outdoor patio and space heaters surely were.  Being across the street from the San Marcos Hotel/Golf Course gave for a nice outdoor setting.  The Aegean burger was killer, stuffed with feta cheese and olives, it was a great Greek burger.  The fries were well-seasoned and fresh.  My slow-roasted pork was freakin' sweet.  It was spicy and tender, came in large cubes and doused in a red sauce.  The black beans were topped with cheese and the spanish rice was decent too.If you live in the area, give it a whirl, it might become a favorite spot of yours.  If you live far away, I would say to not kill yourself trying to get there because you could just as well go to BJ's or Four Peaks and it'd be about the same, give or take, except that the creative (albeit short) food menu makes up for any shortcomings.I'm going back to try the pizza that I hear is delicious, but it's gonna be hard to sway myself from that killer pork dish.
3	Its pretty amazing to me what is able to remain hidden in a place that seems to overly exposed  their few positives like we do here in the Valley of the Sun.  Exhibit A, SanTan Brewery in Chandler.Set in a historical brick warehouse in San Marcos Square in, what can only be described as 'hurly-burly', Downtown Chandler.As you enter, you see the gorgeous kettles that you know have been milked in anticipation of your arrival.  The only question is, which of the 5 taps are ya gonna try first?  I chose the brown ale while my breezy went with the Hefe.  She won. Sure, the brown ale was nice and nutty, the Hefe had the perfect wheat aroma and citrus-y undertones.  She claims there was a hint of banana in there, but she thinks that of EVERY hefe and its more fun to mock her than to admit she has a far superior palate than me. The keyboardist/TSSGWAG (typical singer-songwriter, guy with a guitar) duo onstage limped through a few average, Mix 96.9 covers, though I got a mild anticipatory rush when they decided to do a cover of The Format's "She Doesn't Get It".  Bueno!  I noticed that they had growlers, so I decided to take one to-go.  Twelve frogs for a gallon (roughly 6 pints) of the Hefeweizen was just the spirit!  Oh, and it comes in a pretty sweet jug.  I'd go back mos def.
4	This place is packed on a Friday night!  The service is so so so slow.  The food on the menu is interesting- soft pretzels with mustard and so on.  My drink was good and I enjoyed the outside bar.
3	The Gold brew was tasty and a bargain at $4 considering the large glass it is served in.The shrimp scampi appetizer was good.  Wings okay.  The Philly sandwich on the menu was a MISS.  It was wrap-style with very little meat.  More of a standard Philly cheese whiz sauce too, so not the usual provolone we are used to in the West.Salads other diners were getting did not look compelling enough for me to consider ordering one.So 3 stars for now, but if the other sandwiches are similar to the Philly, I would be giving it 2.  If you are going for the beer and just to have some nibbles, it would be a 4.Service seemed fine.Not sure if I would eat here again.  I'd go to BJ's where the food and salads are better.  But it would be a fine stop for a brew and some standard appetizers.
2	I was kind of disappointed the first time I went with some friends for a quick lunch.  I ordered a veggie wrap and it was not very good, no flavor.  The beer was ok.  I decided to try it one more time as I live close by but again was not pleased.  The service was not so hot, the beer, ok again, we ordered pizza and it was mediocre.  We will not return.  I'll probably continue to driver over to BJ's at Chandler Fashion for consistently yummy food, great beer and pleasant service.
2	beers are so so. it has been hit or miss in my experience. some batches are tasty, others are awful.the food is pretty much terrible here, even for bar food. i would recommend zipps over this fare anyday.the ambiance is great and the glasses are nice, but i can go to disacca down the road for that, and take the glasses home!
4	A nice, unpretentious place, offering several flatscreens, as well as indoor and outdoor seating, even at the bar.  Sampled two of the beers- the Sunspot Gold, which was good, and the Oscuro, which was better.I did not try any of the food, so I can't comment on the experiences of the other reviewers.The staff was extremely helpful and polite; they were no 'slower' than anywhere else I've been so far in Arizona.  In Chicago, they might have gotten marked down a bit, but I'm thinking the pace is a bit different here.The place was not crowded (not surprising for a Sunday afternoon, I guess), and I'll definitely go back.  Having a nice watering hole this close to home definitely has its advantages.  Plus, they have other beers I need to try!
3	Some friends and I come here for happy hour on Friday's.  The beer is good - I always drink the Sunspot - but like everyone says the service can be slow.  The last time we were there it was somewhat busy at 4:30pm, but not enough to have to wait so long for a beer.  They do have the same pretzels as Four Peaks, which are delicious, but other than that I haven't tried any food.  Our group went recently for Oktoberfest, and service was HORRIBLE.  They didn't seem prepared for the crowd and we had to wait around 20 minutes at the bar for a beer.  Also have been on a Friday night, and like someone else says, it clears out by 11pm.  But what do you expect?  It's Chandler.
4	Food was actually really good.  Service was attentive and the manager even stopped by and said hi.  Wife and I will be going back!
4	AWESOME food!  Have been here lots of times...Cobb salad is fabulous, burgers good, nachos huge, etc... Always enjoy the food...service sometimes is slow, but we try to not go during dinner rushes anymore...
3	I live here and Pierre T. pointed out...how many choices do I have..? Turns out snooty urban hipster is right, damn him. So, why is San Tan so average? Beats me. It shouldn't be and some times it is not. There are times when the burgers are the best, the food comes out on time and the beer is fantastic. They are making a new porter right now and it is amazing. Amazing as in, wow, you got this spot on and yes, I will take some home...Ha, I live next to a place where I can get take out beer. Unfortunately, not all the take out beer is that good. The porter is the chocolate milk of porters. Now on the same day as my discovery of the super porter, my club sandwich was absolutely unremarkable. So, for the luv of all that is average in Chandler, come on San Tan try harder god damnit, I've got no where else to go!
4	Huh.  I'm a little surprised at some of the tepid reviews here.  I found SanTan Brewing back in July and have pretty much become a regular there.  Okay, well, my buddy Bill is Norm and I'm Cliff at Cheers - except that people actually like me.I mainly go there for the uber-friendly service.   James at the bar always has a warm handshake, a bad joke, and smile.  The waitstaff is just as friendly, whether it's Kate, Shanna, Carlos, Jordan, Kim or just about anyone else.  We've always been seated promptly, and a manager has virtually always come by the table (or even the bar) to check on things.  Service was slow at the Octoberfest, but that was mainly because they expected about 500, and 2000 people showed up.  But being a regular has its benefits - Shanna brought us pizza so we didn't have wait in a two-hour line for the charred $8 brats at the 'Fest!The food does vary a bit.  The pretzels, SanTan Slingers, pizzas, burgers, fries and soups are great.  I'm not crazy about the grilled cheese, brats or tacos, though.  The wings at Zipps are better, but that's the ONLY thing about Zipps that beats SanTan!I like the beer quite a lot.  I just switched to the Gordo Stout for the winter, though normally I drink the Sunspot Gold.  The IPA is good, though I don't like it quite as well as either IPA at Four Peaks.  I'm not a red beer guy, so I can't really comment on those. Most people seem to like the ginger-laced Winter Warmer - my friend Justin really enjoyed his last night - but I'm not really into malty beers.They have a fun trivia night on Thursdays.  Even if you don't play, it's a great way to meet new people.  There are usually bands on the weekends, though the music is definitely geared to people in their thirties and up.  That's actually part of the reason SanTan appeals to me: it's mostly grown-ups there to enjoy the beer and relax, and not so many young kids doing shots and getting hammered.I think this place is way, way better than the chains like Rock Bottom or Gordon Biersch.  The beer isn't quite at the Four Peaks level yet, but the service is MUCH friendlier and the atmosphere much more adult.  Give it a try if you're in Chandler.
5	To Quote Toby Keith, "I Love This Bar"It really is my kind of place.  A nice relaxed atmosphere with a great patio/outside bar.  Fantastic this time of year. The service staff is exceedingly friendly and knows all the beers inside and out.  Service levels will depend on how busy it is and if you sit at the bar.  It may slow down when it's busy, but for the laid back attitude and friendly smiles, it's well worth the wait.The Food:  The pizza is some of the best in the Valley.  They use the beer wort in the dough - combine that fantastic crust with a great sauce and it's hard to miss.  My drinking buddy and I split the Pepperoni well done and cut into four slices.  Fantastic!!  The wort is also used in the fish and the chicken strips.  Great stuff.  The pretzels are served with a palate-pleasing pub mustard made on site with (you guessed it) SanTan beer.The Beer.  The Beers are great, and typically served in a large 18oz glass for those of us that really enjoy beer..Sun Spot: A great summertime beer, cool and refreshing, great color and a pleasure to sip.Big Red: Hoppy with a slight caramel taste from the malt - an interesting combination. Gordo: The Stout (my current winter beer) is a great chocolate/coffee taste with low alcohol for those long nights in the bar with your buddies.Winter Warmer: This is the seasonal. As the name implies a nice warm sensation with each sip.  The brew master chose not to follow the typical winter beer by adding nutmeg or all spice and went with ginger instead.  Great, unique taste.  The alcohol on this one is 9.5, so it's served in a smaller glass with a bar limit of three.  The aforementioned staff will be happy to call you a cab as you finish number three.I haven't had enough of the Oscuro, or the Hop Shock to give an opinion.   This place is a must see/must sip.  If you live in the south Tempe, Chandler , Gilbert area and are looking for good eats and good beer in a warm friendly environment, this IS the PLACE!
2	I just don't know what it is about this place that I don't care for?  I want to like it, I really do!  I have been there 5 times now and each time I hope that some how it will shift into gear for me but it just never happens.  I wish they had normal beer in addition to their own brews but that would probably go against the grain of thier concept.  Either way I don't like to bad mouth places unless I have had a really bad experience which I haven't.  It has just always been ho-hum for me.
2	I only had one beer here, but it was the winter seasonal (which they were selling quite a bit of) and it wasn't very good. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't a bad beer, but it just didn't do it for me.As a Belgian style winter ale, I expected some flavor. Instead, it was mostly the high alcohol content that I tasted. It just didn't do it for me. (It was better with the ginger cookies they served, but that's not enough.)I can't speak to the food or other house beers, but I may give it another shot when I'm back in town. I just expected more from a flagship seasonal.Nice bar crew, though. Everyone was friendly and helpful.
1	BUMMER ?I had high hopes for this place. I actually drove by once a week to check on the construction progress before they opened. Perfect location, craft beer, outside seating, old red brick building atmosphere! I was stoked! Long story short: I have tried the food and beer here four times over several months and it is not good. And what is with those baby diarrhea green walls and chairs, talk about a 100 year old red brick wall buzz kill. Service is really slow and blah. It is like they hire just anybody and then turn them loose without any training. I may try them again in a year or two. I am really bummed...this place had a lot of potential.
3	We heard about this place through Four Peaks and decided to try it out.All of the beers we tried were pretty solid. The hefeweizen was a little bit sweet and on the orangey-side, but still not a badly-made beer. The red was quite bitter and had a nice hop flavor, though one was definitely enough. The stout was surprisingly mild, not too sweet and not too smoky. The "toffee" seasonal was described as sweet, but was just a less hoppy version of the red. Not bad considering the description we were given and the fact that it sounds like a dessert. We forgot to give the IPA a try, but it's on our list for next time.The food wasn't bad. I tried the turkey burger and it was good, but others we were with had a few complaints about their food.On the whole, it's not as good as Four Peaks but I'd go back for the beer.
5	This was my first time to San Tan, joining up with the #evfn crew for their weekly meetup. First off- the staff really helps make the experience perfect. They were prompt, friendly, and they kept track of everyone's order. And we had a LOT of separate orders between the 30 or so that showed up. AND the place was packed on top of it.  I didn't have a meal, but the pretzels were TO. DIE. FOR.  Also had their ale with the caramel in it (I can't remember what else- or the name). Also great- and went very well well with the Girl Scout cookies brought to share. Which the staff was also very cool about. I want to go back and have an actual meal- because from the looks of all the food others were eating, it looked fantastic! But even without eating the food, go for the beer and the pretzels. It's completely worth it.
3	I checked out the SanTan Brewing Company last Friday when I attended #EVFN and, unlike Evo, I arrived a little later and didn't witness the great level of service that Evo detailed in his review. I will say, however, that I was served very quickly and that the server was very attentive, remembering my name later in the evening. Obviously, she was paying attention because the place was filled to the gunnels and was, funnily-enough, rather noisy. Who'd have thunk? LOL The nachos were ok. That's the best rating I can give them. Had the kitchen used grated cheese instead of Cheese Wizz (it may have been Kraft cheese slices melted; I'm not sure, but either way), I would probably be less critical. I'll give them a pass because nachos are not known for being a brew pub specialty.  You might ask, well, why did you order those knowing they're not a specialty. Good question...well, they didn't have a gluten-free menu, so I looked for something resembling a GF dish and the server was kind enough to confirm with the cooks/chefs that indeed that was the case. I'll go back. It was decent. But, to get four or five stars, I'd like to see at least one more GF option on the menu (and have that indicated in some way, even if it's a sticker next to the item) and not have the tip automatically-included when my credit card is run. I understand I was one of a group, but I didn't feel that I was because I kept a separate tab. That was a little annoying and presumptuous. BTW, I would have tipped her at least the amount on the bill, so my cheapness, nay, frugality, wasn't the issue (come on, do you mean to say you haven't heard the joke about copper wire being invented by two Scotsmen fighting over a penny? Well, you have now. LOL). Anyway, I'll update the review following my next visit to SanTan Brewing Company, which should hopefully be sometime soon! :)
5	If you like beer - you will love the SanTan Brewing Company.  Not only do they have a great selection of microbrews, but also they LOVE beer.  Even their glasses are specially made to offer the beer drinker the optimal experience (like wine glasses).  The staff can't be beat, professional and savvy - they can take what you are familiar with and find something you are sure to enjoy.  Incredibly friendly, halfway through my first visit there I felt like a regular.  The food, while of the bar variety, is always fresh and tasty, I personally recommend the pretzels - the mustard they come with is worth the trip alone.  They have a decent sized patio, with an inside/outside bar service.  Misters help keep you cool in the summer, as well as an external ac that worked great even in August.
2	Location, location, location - not just in realestate but for brewpubs also.  This is the only reason this place is in business.  Beer is medicore to poor across the board.  Noisy atmosphere.  Shortage of parking.  Look up their beer reviews on national beer review sites such as beeradvocate or ratebeer - nothing to be desired.
3	Good beer, good food, and outdoor seating is a plus.  Minus is the fact they let people smoke outside (and I hate the smell of smoke while I'm eating).  We tried a couple of their microbrews (the Sunspot Gold which is kind of a like a light blonde with a hint of sweetness and the Gordo Stout which is not as deep as most stouts, but has a smooth, coffee, chocolatey finish).  Some of the stuff we ordered:* A beer bread wrap with roast beef, potatoes, and mushrooms--YUM!* Their club sandwich which was a standard club, but with the plus of avocadoes.  I had enough left over to have lunch for today!* Fish tacos were light and crispy served with spicy black beans* Pizza dough tastes like it came from a box, but still decent in a nostalgiac cheap pizza kind of way... definitely not worth the gourmet pizza price tag.Overall, a good atmosphere to hang out and have some food.  Nothing spectacular, but was a fun experience overall.
5	I had been coming to Downtown Chandler since it was pretty much just Brunchies and a weird thrift store, just after they had redone it, so I was really excited to see a non-chain brewpub open up there and made a mental note to go back. Over a year later, I finally made it, on the way up to Phoenix.I was put off at first by the place because they had a radio station blasting on their small sidewalk patio and remarked "I hope it's not that loud inside." It's not, although it's still kind of loud. But I really like the way that this place is set up. First, there's the double-sided bar, with the "other" side in front of the San Marcos, behind retractable, auto repair style, garage doors. Not only that but, in homage to the building's history as a bank, there's a big safe door in front of a regular door which leads to the staff area. The brewing tanks are viewable through the glass behind the bar.As mentioned before, the smoking thing sucks. People do sit at the other side of the bar and smoke, and it wafts in. It seems like that violates the "Smoke Free Arizona" thing, but whatever.I have a ritual with brewpubs: ask for a sampler/tasting tray, get a glass of water and a food menu to look over. The problem that day was that I was not hungry in the least, and couldn't have eaten the food even if I had wanted to.And what a shame. I like burgers, but I really like interesting burgers, and that's what these guys do. The main thing that caught my eye was a burger consisting of lamb meat, stuffed with pistachios and chopped dates, among other things. Wow. Now that's an interesting burger, and I definitely plan on going back to try it soon.The sampler had their five standards and their one seasonal which, in this case, was the Hazelnut Brown. The Hef and Golden were a little too weak for my tastes, although I was happy that the Golden was not the quintessential cop-out beer that brewpubs keep on tap for those who ask for Bud Light. There was also a stout, which I wasn't impressed by. I liked the low carbonation, but it wasn't thick and heavy enough for me. Plus the flavor wasn't that great, mostly malts and a coffee essence.The hoppy beers are, I think, where they do their best. They have an IPA, which was my favorite, but the hoppiest one on tap is the red. It was good, and I would drink a pint, but the IPA had a really, really nice flavor, so I got a pint of that.The pints, mind you, are in special 18oz glasses. They're $4.75 normally, but go to $3.75 for their happy hours. The IPA was served nice and cold, which was a plus since the samplers were a bit warm.The bartenders were super-nice and the servers seemed to be as well. The food seemed to come out quickly.The other downside is that the place is a bit loud. Concrete floors, high ceilings, having those open doors and a bunch of TVs overhead make the place a bit too noisy. Definitely not an intimate dinner kind of place.Also, I wasn't excited about their happy hour specials. They take about $1 off a lot of the food items, and the beer is only $1 off, but, considering that you're getting an 18oz draft beer for $4, that is a good deal. And they do reverse happy hours.If you like brewpubs, then this is a really good one, maybe one of the better ones in the state when you factor in that food. So come for the beer, but save your appetite.
4	After the Jazz Fest last year, we popped into this place for a quick bite. It was packed! Even with every table taken and big wait, we were seated pretty quickly, and the service was amazingly attentive, considering how packed it was. We had sausages, fish and chips and tasty beer. Everything came out  hot and delish. My toddler enjoyed chicken and french fries from the kids menu.  I love going to pubs where everyone seems to be having a great time - this was my kind of place. We will definitely go back. I didn't give it five stars because the food didn't wow me - it was just yummy.
4	Def. a fan and will def. come back. Went here about a week ago, had their seasonal strawberry beer... YUM!!!! I want to come back to get a growler! Food was great, had bruschetta, wings and pizza. Can't go wrong w/ that. If you buy the pint glass, your beer is 1/2 off. The glasses are unique, so you can make a collection. Needless to say, I'll be going there to see what new glasses they have. If you go on their website, they have different activities going on throughout the week. Thursdays is quizzo...for those who don't know what this is, random questions, drinking beer and answering them while your tipsy or drunk. A great combo! Not sure if there's a prize, but I'll find out sure enough! Another great thing that SanTan does, is TNT (Tuesday Night Tasting), where they pair foods and beer, great atmosphere and you get to meet great ppl who love beer. The brew master is awesome and the servers are great! Can't say enough of SanTan!
4	My coworkers and I work in Chandler, but stay in Scottsdale, so we NEVER go out after work in Chandler...however, after San Tan, I think we may need to start! I had no idea there was such a cute little downtown area, and the Chandlerians I was with informed me that there were a number of good restaurants in close proximity to San Tan that I really should try. Wow...the more you know, right?We ended up sitting outside (in July), but it wasn't as miserable as you might think...they were able to keep it mysteriously cool, and I was comfortable throughout the entire meal. My friends told me that the building where San Tan currently resides was once a bank, which only added to the charm of the brink building. In fact, if you take a trip to the restrooms, you can see vestiges of the building's former life in the rather impressive-looking vault door leading to what is now, apparently, the restaurant manager's office. Very cool.On to the beer! I ordered the Sunspot Gold, which is an American take on a traditional Czech Pilsener that distinguishes itself by being "infinitely drinkable", according to its menu description. Infinitely drinkable is right! It was love at first sip, and it only continued as the drinking continued, to the point that I couldn't bear to order anything else on my second go-round. SO GOOD. I think I can even, with a relative degree of certainty, say that it is probably the best beer I've ever had...at least as far as my taste buds are concerned. As for the chow, we started with the soft pub pretzels, which were fabulous...I mean, come on, it's a soft, warm pretzel served with warm cheese...what's NOT to love?!? Seriously, though...order these. You won't regret it. For my entree, I ordered the Naked Burger (with cheese!), and I enjoyed it a lot. It wasn't particularly memorable, but I'm pretty sure I polished it off, no problem, so...can I really complain? The fries were just ok...hmm, how do I describe them? They were kind of the steak-fry version of Arby's fries, which...I've just never really loved the texture of. Anyway, that's a personal preference, so whatever.All in all, very good. I want to go back with my coworkers, if for no other reason than the great BEER. And PRETZELS. Mmmm...yummy...
4	If you are a beer snob, stay at home trying to make it yourself.  If you enjoy a decent local beer in an old chandler building with a nice atmosphere give this place a shot.  The owner used to be a brew-master at Four Peaks Brewery which is a local favorite in Tempe.  I am not a fan of the over-the-top Hops that a lot of folks enjoy.  A few of the offerings here have a bit too much bite for me.  The red ale was my favorite until they changed the recipe and over did the bitterness.  Right now I get a Sun Devil Ale when I go in and it is pretty good.  They will bring you a taster if you ask and will explain the offerings to help you choose.    The food is always good.  It is a bar so don't expect 5 star cuisine.  The fries are great and the sandwiches and salads are good as well.  I haven't been disappointed with a meal yet.  Even when busy service is decent.  Enjoy the beer, watch the game and let it all unfold.
4	We have been to San Tan a few times now.  The food is better than most when it comes to "bar" type food, and I always enjoy trying different micro-brews.  For me, their Pale Ale is the highlight. Nice and hoppy, just as a Pale should be.
5	If you love beer and I mean really love beer not get drunk but love the taste of beer this is your spot. I am a beer snob and if you ask for a sample they will give it to you without concern they are in the business of quality beer and the food is great too.I have been lucky enough to be there while a live band played and it was a good equal crowd, what do I mean by this? In Scottsdale its a holier than thou attitude if you drive to downtown chandler there is no attitude. We in chandler know we are not Scottsdale nor do we dream to become. Downtown Chandler is a better place to have The SanTan Brewing Company. When I move back to PA I will miss this place.
4	It is sad that when I used to live in Chandler I never visited this place. Their beers are ok, although I like more the 4peaks heffeweizen. There was one, that definitely should be a joke..the smokey beer or something like that... Don't order that one (I guess u have to smoke cigars to appreciate the nasty flavor).Nice location, and downtown Chandler is a good excuse to stop by this place.
3	Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):7 Food7 Service8 Atmosphere7 Value
2	Service is a HUGE deal to me. I've been to San Tan Brewery maybe 6 times now. We've had decent service ONCE, and it's always been fairly empty. I hate seeing servers hanging around the bar laughing and chatting when our drinks have been empty for 15 minutes.There's just no excuse.The Chandler club on beer bread is pretty great, their beers are MEH...
4	I've  been here a few times now (the first time was the Oktoberfest, so I really can't count that), and I love all the beer they have here. I also like the fact that they keep changing the beers and even though when I went last night and they didn't have my favorite red beer, bartender Ryan hooked me up with a few samples so I could choose a flavor for my palette.The beer never disappoints, neither does the food. Had the sliders last night, yummy.....This place seems to be the cornerstone for what's becoming a nice little downton district in Chandler.
4	some of the best local beer.  friendly service, just kind of slow.
2	Driving up to San Tan Brewing, one might think they are in disneyland. A small, contrived downtown that feels more like an outdoor mall than anything else. I guess this is what "downtown" Chandler is all about. San Tan Brewing Company has been hyped to me by a couple of people, but their Tuesday night Tasting really caught my eye after it was featured in the Phoenix New Times. My friends and I decided to go and luckily we were one of the first ones to reserve so we got right in. The event was a 6 course tasting menu, with 6 beers, for $25 and I kept thinking WOW! what a value. As the night progressed, I figured out how they were able to serve this menu for $25 and still muster a profit. Our first course was actually their Sun Devil Cask Ale, which was a delicious beer for those who like a hoppy and bitter ale. I am a huge fan of Stone's Double Bastard, and Dogfish Head's 120 and 90 minute IPA so this was right up my alley. Our first food course was a spinach salad with chocolate chips, raspberries, and some sort of syrup, yuck! Second course that came out was a date stuffed with chorizo, wrapped in bacon, and it was absolutely delicious. I figured the evening was going to be saved...When our third course came out, I started getting worried again as it was a buffalo chili with what was supposed to be cornbread in it. I was pretty sure it was a biscuit that came out of a tube... yeah, it was that pathetic. The beer they paired it with, however, I fell in love with. The smoked porter was amazing, to me as I love very peaty scotches. So the guy came on the microphone and started explaining that the short rib main course was taking a while because they had been cooking for 14 hours and were falling apart when they were plated. Oh man, I'm really in for a treat now! He gave the story about how they had purchased these the night before from a great meat provider (I didn't know Lee Lee Market was known for high quality meats) and they had been slow cooking ever since. I got even more excited. What was put in front of me though, had to be the most insulting, pathetic excuse for a piece of meat I have seen in my life. I love short ribs like a fat kid loves cake, but I could only muster two bites of mine before finally giving up. Most of those around me were in agreement that it was a bad piece of meat, cooked poorly, and consisted of 75% gristle. I had the "pleasure" of sitting across the table from one of their employees who had the "pleasure" of annoying me all night. I told him exactly what I thought of the dish, and how he should be embarrassed to work at any place that would serve it to a human being. It was the WORST dish I've had in a long long time. Absolutely vile. I have to say the servers were friendly, and the place had a cool vibe and a sweet patio, but the food is just unfathomably awful. I think they are getting by on the culinary ignorance of everyone in Chandler. Put this place downtown or in Scottsdale and they would really have to ramp things up. They did announce that their chef is leaving the restaurant, and maybe I should have kept my mouth shut, but I told them on my way out that they should be excited for the chance to get someone with talent.end rant.
3	My first visit here after wanting to go for so long. I like this place. It has a good vibe and definitely a busy happy hour. I was disappointed that they were out of the Big Red Ale. So I started with their Winter Warmer, which to my delight, was served with 3 little soft ginger snap-like cookies. The Winter Warmer was very good and the cookies were a classy touch. Next, the Sun Devil Red-a little too hoppy for meThe Epicenter-not a whole lot going on, kinda fell flatThe Hefeweizen-surprisingly good, pungent (in a good way) banana & clove flavorsOur group of 5 shared some delicious nachos (something about the shredded chicken was just insane!) and later 16" pepperoni pizza, which was also pretty good.I wish I got our servers name because he was really on the ball, despite the fact that when our group grew we had to move out to the patio. He never missed a beat and had a great sense of humor as well.Although, in my opinion, their beers were a bit lackluster, we had a great time and I'll certainly be going back when on that side of town! I really wanna try the Big Red Ale.
5	Just had a nice dinner at San Tan - made a big step for myself and tried the Sun Devil Chicken sandwich - a huge, meaty and juicy chicken breast, covered in San Tan's wing sauce and melty blue cheese crumbles.  It was so tasty and very filling.  Probably could have had some more sauce on it, but I was so happy the bun wasn't soggy and the texture of wet tissue.  Served with the beer battered fries, it was a terrific meal, especially when paired with my favorite, the Sunspot Gold.  I tried the new Epicenter Amber - and it's good - almost a sweet caramel like flavor, but very, very subtle.  My friend described it as "fuzzy" and after a few sips, I have to agree.  It's got a unique effervescence that I found interesting.  It's as if the carbonation is made of much smaller bubbles. I just wish I didn't have to be responsible and go to work in the morning, because I would have stayed for movie night.
4	Saturday I knew where I wanted to go and what I wanted to feast on. Burgers baby! So I dialed up my posse (my dad and little brother) and holla'd at them to meet me at the SanTan Brewery in Chandler around 1:30 pm. Finding the place was a little bit of a problem. They key is paying attention all while avoiding a car wreck; otherwise, you'll miss it once, twice or three times like I did. For the record it's south of Chandler Blvd and just west of Arizona Ave. The parking situation was a tad tight, so we circled around a few times and found a spot nearby. We ended up parking upfront but further down the strip which was about 4-5 businesses down wind. At the very least the parking spot was in the same complex, so that was a plus. The moment we entered we were greeted with a complete view of their brewing tanks show cased behind glass windows. If I am not mistaken I think every seat in the house offers a decent view of them. The bar-side seating seemed like a preferred spot as every seat was filled. The place was packed as far as indoor seating goes so we opted for outdoor seating. This time of year the weather is great so outdoor seating is just plain awesome. It did take about 15 minutes before we were seated so it wasn't a very long wait. The hostess (who was very bubbly from the getgo) walked us over to our patio seats and like always we began to play musical chairs because of the draft. Since the sun did not rest upon us directly it was a bit breezy for those who have a tendency to be cold, I won't mention names. If it gets to cold for comfort they have those nice outdoor heaters to warm you right up.The SanTan Brewery is a very inviting place I enjoyed it quite a bit. The layout didn't feel or come off like a typical sports bar, if you know what I mean. I am not a sports buff so sports on TV is simply wasted on me. Yeah there may have been flat-screens tuned into sports channels but the impression definitely revolved around its intention and that is the beer. It is definitely a cool place to hang out and matter of fact I am seriously considering making it one of my favorite watering holes even though I am not a big drinker. It's just that cool. The minute you walk in you are immediately sucked in and are overtaken by urges to sample everything they have to offer. So in order to quench your sudsy curiosity I recommend trying their SanTan Beer Sampler which will run you $8. Get yourself an idea of what you fancy before diving straight in. Unless you are a beer connoisseur or an aficionado, then by all means dive away. The service was a bit on the slow side for my taste, but our waiter ("Oscarito" is what they call him) was way cool and very helpful. Family tip: If you are thinking about bringing the smaller family members keep in mind that the bathrooms don't come equipped with changing stations.I was cognizant of what I wanted the minute I decided to go to the SanTan Brewery, because I reviewed their online menu before hand. Preparation is key! So without delay I ordered the "Stuffed Kasbah Burger". The name alone immediately sent me back to the 80's: The Clash "Rock The Casbah". Needless to say that was playing in my mind most of the night. "Something don't like it. Rockin' the Casbah! Rock the Casbah!" However this version of the Kasbah is made with ground LAMB and it comes stuffed with chopped dates, pistachios, smoked Gouda and topped with Moroccan Aioli [eye-oh-lee] sauce (sounds intriguing right). As a side dish I was able to choose from: pub fries, Caesar or pub salad or the homemade soup of the day which was Chipotle Bean Soup. I of course opted for the fries, because I love fries and they make me want to break out in a ballad. Like: I love the fries, the fries love me, they taste so good, so yummy yummy yummy... now get in my belly.It took quite a while for our order to arrive, but at first sight I thought it was covered with what appeared to be a spicy yellow mustard substance and instantly I asked the waiter with a perplexed look on my face, "what is this yellow stuff". "Moroccan Aioli sauce", he simply explained. At this point I was a little beyond buzzing (empty stomach) and thought to myself oh yeah that's right I did read that somewhere. So I proceeded as always and piled on the red onions, lettuce, the single slice of tomato and finished off with the bun. The first bite made me think of Indian or Burmese curry. It was like I was eating a curry burger. Seriously a curry burger. I am fan of curry so to me this was good, but there was something missing. I cannot put my finger on it. Perhaps a spice or ingredient but something was off. Needless to say this is one of those items that won't be a hit with everyone. I did enjoy it and the fries though were awesome, crispy and full of flavor. I liked the burger, the concept, the use of lamb, but something was missing from the Moroccan Aioli sauce. Anyhow I did dig the curry like flavor and experience of the burger. Would order it again!
3	If you stay at the Crowne Plaza, as I did for a sales meeting, chances are you'll have a chance to wander the nearby streets. This is a corner bar, next to the resort. It's kind of unavoidable.The SanTan is a microbrew bar and restaurant. The food is tasty. Appetizers are big enough to share, so do share! I ordered a salad that was really a salad... It had a lot of good greens and tomatoes, cucumbers, carrots, and croutons. Their specialty burgers are great. I had an Aegean Burger (stuffed blue cheese burger) that was wonderful for a hamburger. The fries are awesome and too plentiful.My only complaint about this place is the sound level! Between the sound of the kitchen, the TV, the live guitarist playing Cat Stevens oldies, and the voices of the crowd (every seat was filled), you could barely hear the person sitting next to you if (s)he shouted. Although we didn't sit outside, they do have tables and heaters in the winter. I give the place three and a half stars for food and beer, two stars for the overall ambience. Stop in if you like loudness.
3	I've had the chance to hit San Tan a couple times to meet up with friends for some food and drink.I enjoy the casual atmosphere with music playing in the background.You can choose to sit outside, inside or at the bar.  The brewed beer here is good, but not the best brewery beer I've had. This beer here would be in the middle to upper third of other microbreweries I've gone to. I think my favorite beer is the Hefeweizen thus far.  As for the food......I've had a couple of different kind of chicken sandwiches and also been able to sample some other peoples food (pizza/ burger sliders). The food is pretty good and the menu is pretty typical brewery pub fare.. The Southwestern Chicken Sandwich I had last night was pretty good, but for some reason the bottom bun became really soggy shortly after I received the order. I don't know if that was from the chicken itself, the plate or maybe the pickle served on the side. The chicken was thick and juicy. Most places give you a thin slice of chicken, not here!.I do like the fries here. You receive a nice portion and have a good seasoning to them.The chips with guacamole, cheese and pico de gallo is a nice appetizer as you put a few beers down.The service has always been very good!I think SanTan can range from 3.5-4 stars for me.See you in the near future SanTan!
4	Fish tacos were actually pretty good!  They were just a bit light on the sauce, but otherwise very good.  Also got the Deep Fried Onions/Zucchini.  Those were EXCELLENT!
3	I have only been here twice and just to try their craft beers. So far I am impressed. My last visit I had the "Winter warner" a spiced strong brown ale that came with some spiced ginger snap cookies that were a great pairing. I was surprised by the long wait for a table at 10 pm on a sat night (45 min).  This place is casual and has live music on the weekends. It also opens up to the outside when the weather permits.
3	So, I've been hearing a lot about this place and wanted to try it. The atmosphere was really fun, we could feel the energy as soon as we walked in the door. The servers were friendly and the aroma from the food was amazing. We started off with the beer sampler to decide what we wanted to drink and a chips & dips appetizer to snack on. The food on the happy hour menu was all $5 and good size portions.As far as the beer goes, I wasn't that impressed. I like beer, however I didn't even think I could finish an entire glass of the reds. The flavor was way too overbearing. And the stout was too thin, not very creamy. The food too . . . it was alright, but nothing spectacular. I'm glad that there is a decent brewing company for the folks out in Chandler. If I had my choice (and I do) I'd pick Four Peaks in Tempe any day.
2	This place just really shoots itself in the food with the absolutely atrocious service & lazy food fumbles. We sat at the bar & waited for the bartender & waited & waited. My wife turns to me & says, "I think we're on the pay no mind list." Finally she comes over & blurts out, "Drinks?" That's it. I replied back with one word, "water." All these beers & this chick had nothing to promote. She also didn't offer us a menu. We finally got menus. Barkeep continued her one word service spiel blurting out "food?" I said we would start with the Cilantro Lime Hummus. Without comment, she left. The presentation of the appetizer was ok. A large pool of oil floating on top of the green hummus.- not attractive. Nice flavor & the cilantro, which I love, stood out. Menu says it is served with their "delicious beer bread." Not sure what "beer bread" is but unless its tortilla chips or pita bread, it was absent. The chips were good, but, like I said, it wasn't beer bread. There were some small tomatoes on the plate that were wrinkly with age & should never have been put on the plate. Some really tasty black olives were great. The bartender never offered a beer so I had to ask her. I pointed to some taps on the back bar & asked her what they were & she just said "we don't have that right now" without answering my question. I then asked her if they had draft beer "flights" & she looked at me like I was from Mars, & then said, "Oh, do you mean a beer sampler?" I agreed & asked her what they were & she pointed at a chalk board & said "those over there." She then said, "Here's the menu but it has all the wrong beers listed. Here's a placement but it has all the wrong beers listed too. God I wish they'd get new ones." She then, shockingly, took the time to explain them to me; however, when she picked up the Sunspot Gold sample, she spilled it into the stout & then just shrugged her shoulders as if to say "oh well." She continued, "This is our IPA, it's strong & tastes like rubbing alcohol." Oh, I'll look forward to that one. She continued, "This is our seasonal Winter Brew. It's old, like from November when we made it, so it's like I said, old, & we're trying to get rid of it so try & order it. It's got like 10% alcohol & will knock you on your ass." She also picked up every single beer sample glass by the rim with her fingers. She was right the IPA had a rubbing alcohol after taste. The winter brew also was hard core strong. It almost tasted like someone poured friggin' vodka in it. The Hefeweisen was awesome, with a nice after taste of bananas -really liked it. I also really liked the Sun Devil ale.   The sandwiches came out &looked rather tired. Both plates were garnished with pieces of red onion & a sliced tomato; generic looking. Come on, pieces of red onion thrown on there, quit being lazy & slice the friggin onion will ya. Her plate looked rather sad & she said to me, "Honey, my plate seriously needs some love. I at least need some lettuce garnish." I agreed. Our bartender never did a check back so I had to wave her down & ask her for some lettuce. "The cooks told me the lettuce order just came in." Are you kidding me? Come up with a better lie than that. She hated it (Cajun chicken) & ate 3 bites. Near the end of the meal the bartender walked by & said "good?" & I told her "mine is, but my wife doesn't like her's." She said, "oh" & turned & walked away without asking what was wrong.   My ground lamb & blue cheese stuffed burger was awesome. I also had asked that they not overcook the lamb & they didn't. MR & oozing with blue cheese! I had the chili with it which was rather blah. It had an ice cream scoop size of sour cream blotted into the small soup cup. Also stupid from a food cost perspective.  When the bartender cleared the plates, she failed to ask how everything was. She picked up my wife's plate, looked at the uneaten food, shrugged her shoulders & threw it out. Never asked if we wanted to bring it home either. Just threw it out. Still on the bill.I still wanted to have another beer. My wife said, "NO WAY, I'm not sitting her one more second with this crappy service. This chick sucks & I can't take it anymore" How do you argue with that? So we left. We'll never be back either. A lot of waiting, pulling teeth for any kind of service & a general feeling of being uncomfortable. Great place with awesome potential, but they really shoot themselves in the foot.
4	The menu isn't large,  but the food is very tasty!  I haven't tasted any of the beers but I hear they are great.  Wait staff are always timely and attentive.
5	I was in Chandler on business and the San Tan was right next door to my hotel.  I was happy to have such a nice place so close by.  Everything from the location, hostess, wait staff, food, and of course the beer were perfect.I believe in the four days I was in town I had two meals here, and sat at the bar another time.  All three times we were greeted by a very friendly hostess.  The wait staff stood out all weekend long.  Despite dealing with some drunk out of town salesman, they were nothing but kind and patient with us.  Not knowing the menu, the staff was quick to point out dishes they liked.  I was not let down with the two I chose.  The pizza was above average (not quite as good as the pizza back home in MA).  The rib eye Philly wrap might be the best sandwich on the menu.  The steak was great, and it had a spicy bite to it.You would be crazy not to order the beer sampler on your first trip.  I believe for $8 you get 8-4oz samples of beer.  From that sampler you can pick your favorite, or just keep ordering the sampler all night like a co-worker of mine did.  I liked their stout the most.  The San Tan is a great place to grab a good beer and some good food.  As others said, the menu isn't huge but whatever is on it is better than most pubs.  It's a much better option to travelers than the chains that are scattered about in the area.
4	The weather was perfect and the need for beer was evident, the patio at San tan was the perfect answer.I went here with a Friend for a late night beer. The patio was open with heat lamps and we were quickly seated on the patio.I went with the seasonal coffee stout, the waitress warned me that it was "heavy" which just reaffirmed my decision. My beer came and it had a Nice rich head, the coffee note was very strong and evident with out being bitter. The beer had a clean almost watery body and aftertaste. If you often drink guinness draught you would know what I mean. For a stout there was a real lack of hops, it was closer to a coffee porter.My friend had a hefewizen, he really enjoyed the clean citrus notes in the beer.The waitress was nice and even discussed the beers with us it was a decent trip.
4	This seems like one of the more interesting places in the suburban hell that is Chandler. On a Friday night, this place was hopping. We managed to find a couple of seats at the bar. I liked that fact that even though it was pretty packed, they had had plenty of staff behind the bar. We were served almost as soon as we sat down. Very good service.The beer was not terribly impressive. I tried the Epicenter Amber and the Devil's Ale which was hoppy enough to be an IPA, even though it wasn't advertised as such. The Amber was just kind of watery, not anywhere near as robust as say, a Fat Tire. The Devil's was good, but just not what I was expecting. I'm not really into IPA's that much, and this was just too much like an IPA.The food was pretty good, but nothing special. Maybe a notch or two above Chilis. And combined with the location, decor, and service, I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Chandler.
4	I was really impressed with SanTan's food and beer. While visiting, me and my girlfriend decided to give San Tan a try. It was a Saturday night and it was super busy with a wait most of the night. Thankfully, when we got there just before 9,a few tables had opened up. The vibe was pretty loud and energetic. There are plenty of flat screen TVs to watch sports. There is also a long bar extending a large part of the Brewery with both indoor and outdoor seating. SanTan has a pretty big menu with most of the main items you would expect to see on a Brewery menu with lots of burgers and hot sandwiches. I ordered one of their Mexican choices and loved my Red Chile Pork Adovada. Like several other Yelpers commented, my girlfriend loved the chicken sandwich. I also really liked their blonde beer option. I usually don't care for mircobrews but enjoyed this one. Overall, very good experience. The seating is very crammed in certain sports in the restaurant and I have to deduct a star for that. Still, I enjoyed my meal and would highly recommend SanTan for a night on the town. 4 stars!
3	I'm not a beer drinker, but my friends and I come here sometimes for happy hour. Mojitos here rock!
4	Took my 17 year old daughter and my parents to dinner last night (Wednesday Night). My Dad couldn't stop talking about how great the place was, and my mom had a good time which was a surprise. My daughter and I love the place, and it didn't disappoint as usual. The beer isn't Four Peaks, but not having to drive to Tempe, I am cool with that. Burgers were fantastic. The atmosphere is what makes this place, and the friendly staff. The manager, Denny (I think), is a total rock star. She remembered me from my last visit, and remembered what our conversation was about. These are the reasons why people return to a business. It's not always about how great the beer is and how wonderful the food is. In my book, first class friendly staff wins every time! I am a customer for as long as I live out here in the burbs!
4	My like San Tan.  My like beer sampler.  My like fish & chips.  My like fish more better than chips.  My like pork adovada ok.  My like fish more better tho. My like black beans not so much.  My think black beans too much generic spicy. My like rice ok too.  My like outside sitting in nice evening, my think good like this.  My like beer many small then choose one big favorite.  My will be back to San Tan.
4	I'm so happy that Chandler has its own brewpub, and San Tan is a fine one at that. For starters, the atmosphere is friendly. The staff make a point of introducing themself and shaking your hand if you're a newcomer. I've walked into this place completely alone and made friends at the bar with total strangers.I'm still trying to figure out which of the beers I like best here, but I'm pretty equal opportunity about it... I like 'em all. I will support local craft beer makers even if their beers are still "works in progress", because I remember it wasn't too long ago that Americans did not have access to the variety of beer styles crafted by small brewers who care about taste. Call me a populist beer snob, if you will...I've enjoyed the food here, too, but I think sometimes you have to know what to order. I ordered an appetizer special that was essentially jalapeno poppers, but made with different peppers. They were delicious, but a bit too fiery, as I desperately tried to douse the flames in my mouth with Devil's Ale. That's not just my excuse for pounding my beer chug-a-lug style! To save myself further anguish, I dissected the peppers which were lovingly batter-dipped, deep-fried, and stuffed with cheese, in order to remove the seeds. I feel the kitchen could've saved me some grief and prepped these without seeds... I doubt that anybody really wants them that hot!Other great things that I love about San Tan is the fact that they have copies of Celebrator Beer News available. And the open, airy architecture of the bar and patio area is really cool. I also discovered that Tuesday nights are biker-friendly. This doesn't really pertain to me, as I don't ride a motorcycle, but I ended up meeting some great biker chicks who, God-willing and after a few more Epicenters, would do me the honor of letting me ride bitch.
4	A good place to go when indecisive on dining. They typical have 2 above average dinner specials each night that can reduce the indecision to a coin flip. The off-label King James brew mix is my personal favorite, but you can't go wrong with most of the selection.
2	Came here for a burger, got the salad on the side. Asked for oil and vinegar for dressing. Waitress said 'oil and vinegar' was the first such request. So she brought me malt vinegar and cooking oil. Yikes. Even Subway can get you oil and vinegar without messing it up. Service was a bit slow. Burger was OK.
4	i love this place, much better food and cheaper beer than Murphy's Law which is about 3 doors down to the south. good micro-brew too. met the owner or manager when i happen to be down at murphy's law one night and he said next time i was in that he'd buy me a pint- about a week later i showed up and he did. he had me try their epicenter and it's one of my favorite beers now. i think it's cool that on monday nights they do a movie night where they play a movie on all the tvs and bring out popcorn for everyone... one of my favorite places to relax and chill- Murphy's Law is a little more like a party scene in comparison and theirs a few more hot girls down there, but it's easy to hop back and forth!
5	This is my favorite brewery in AZ.  The food is good (I had the SoCal Burrito w/ shrimp) and the beer is even better.  I love all the beer, but my favorite by far is the Devil's Ale.  They serve the beer in a pretty awesome looking glass, which you can buy, and the beer will be 1/2 off with the purchase of a glass.Olympia is the best waitress they have.  She is really knowledgeable about ALL beer and she's friendly.  Ask to be in her section if you go.After the brewery, there are tons of places and little shops to visit.  The San Tan Brewery is right in the heart of downtown Chandler.  There is a winery across the street you can probably tour.
5	I am officially giving 20+ stars!  This is an awesome brewery and the food was amazing.  I had the street tacos (chicken, pork and beef); the flavor is wonderful.  Our server was Olympia and she was the best server I've had in any restaraunt since I've moved here.  She was engaging, friendly and knew her beer!  I had the Devil Ale and was very pleased...Bar none...best place / server in Chandler.  Also has lots of shopping and a winery down the street.  I can't wait to go back and bring other family and friends.
5	The place has grown up and gotten better over the last year or so.  Food wise it is top notch with tasty food choices including a bit of healthy choices.  The beers are usually pretty darn good also and they have some nice beer and food pairing suggestions.  The patio is small but pretty nice also.  Service is generally pretty good too. Good for lunchtime also.
4	Loved Happy Hour!! Great Food, Great Beer - it was a little loud and I found myself screaming a few times, but the yummy happy hour food and beer made up for the sore throat :) will def, go back with friends and family.
4	San Tan Brewing Co. is Legit! They know what they're doing over there and it shows. They are hands down the best brew pub in AZ. Heres the difference. Most breweries or brew pubs focus on their beer. As they should. San Tan puts as much thought into the food, the atmosphere, the music and branding as they do the beer and the beer is Damn Good! If you're a hop head, go straight for the Hop Shock. Best IPA in the state. If you like it a little mellow, go for the Sun Devil Ale or the Epicenter Amber. All are solid. We always take a growler with us so we can bring some home! My wife isnt really into beer but they have her covered with a couple of different flavored ciders. The food is solid. For apps, try the hummus or the brewhouse nachos. All of the entres we've tried have been great. My personal recommendation is the Rib Eye Philly or the Chandler Street Tacos.Get a seat out on the patio if its not too hot out. Great people watching on Friday and Saturday nights.Keep up the Great Work, San Tan8-13. Stopped in today for lunch. Got to meet the owner, Anthony. Great guy. Got a 6 pack of Hop Shock to go!!!
4	Consistently great food and beer! We love the Devils Ale and Epicenter brews after a round of golf. The burgers are outstanding and the chicken fingers are a favorite of three generations of our family.My only complaint is that the environment can be quite loud, especially if the roll-up doors are closed.Keep up the great work San Tan! Looking forward to the new cans!
4	All I can say great suds at a reasonable price. There selection of beers may not be the largest; but there brews were very decadent in style. Some micro brewery's pull the overwhelming by providing 30 different types of cerveza; not here. They have five and they do it right. I wasn't all that hungry so I split the nachos with the crew. Simply fresh and amazing. This is a great joint to take a group of friends to!
4	SanTan Brewery in downtown Chandler is a great place to enjoy fantastic beer at low prices. Opened in 2007 and located in historic downtown Chandler, SanTan occupies a former bank building where some artifacts were left intact. Stacks of safety deposit boxes have been re-purposed into seating and the old vault remains as an office for the pub.The open space is relaxed and comfortable, though with many hard surfaces it tends be on the noisy side. For a quieter experience, opt for one of the many seats on the patio, where there can be great people watching.Summer heat requires ice-cold beer. For me, beer is like enjoying a really good piece of bread. Grains and yeast that are mixed together to produce something that is so organic, hearty and satisfying.I tend to order dark beers, since I enjoy the deep robust flavors, and SanTan's Gordo Stout ($4.75) certainly fit the bill. With smooth notes of chocolate and coffee, this beer wasn't as heavy and belly filling as you might expect. The Gordo is one of the lowest alcohol content beer made here and, for me, one of the most flavorful.The menu at SanTan ranges from salads and pizzas to sandwiches and burgers, with most being $12 or less. There are so many tasty appetizers that it's easy to go a little crazy and order too many. The Downtown Sliders ($8), three juicy mini burgers topped with beer-braised onions and beer mustard, were way too easy to eat. The SanTan Stingers ($8.50) are wonton wrappers filled with Applewood-smoked bacon and spicy jack cheese, then deep friend for a light crispy crunch. Soft Pub Pretzels ($6.50) were were another good choice.As for entrees, the SanTan Ruben ($9) was piled high with juicy and flavorful corned beef, Swiss cheese, sauerkraut and Thousand Island dressing. The tender Rib-Eye Philly ($10.50) was wrapped in warm soft beer bread and packed with beef, peppers and onions, then slathered with house beer cheese. Each sandwich came with French fries that were worthy of their own plate.SanTan Brewery offers dessert, but you might want to learn from me and pace yourself.
4	Tried this brewery for the first time and really liked it! Tried the SunSpot Gold and had a sip of my husbands HopShock I.P.A. We left with a growler and 6-pack, that's how tasty it was!Shared the Stuffed Mushroom burger, delicious! Great bun and not greasy at all! Would recommend this place to any friends in the Southeast Valley, just wish we lived closer! Very comparable to Four Peaks, a lot of similarities. Come to find out the owner was the head brew master at Four Peaks for 7 years. Great customer service, our server Joey knew what he was talking about and just what to recommend!
4	This is a great local go-to brewery. It's one of the few places you can expect to be busy in Old Town Chandler at any time.The menu is definitely bar food and not health food but the unique items are sometimes a nice change. The stuffed mushroom appetizers are petty good. The sandwiches, pizza and beef salad are all great.The keep the atmosphere fun (although sometimes a little crazy) with happy hour specials and events throughout the week.Love their IPA
4	Although I prefer the beer at another local brewery, this place has amazing food. We all had trouble deciding what to order. I tried only one wing, because the guys devoured them. I should have taken pics of their sauce stained faces. I had the stuffed mushroom burger, which was amazing and I couldn't get enough of their beer battered fries. My friend's rib eye philly sandwich also looked really good and that will be the next thing I try when I come back. Service was a bit slow. We asked to sample some beers before we ordered and it took forever for our waitress to bring them out. We thought she had forgotten about us. But the food was worth the wait. There was live music when were were there for dinner on a Sunday. The guy was pretty talented.
4	Been here several times - most recently 8/12/2010 for happy hour. The place gets hopping, so come early for the happy hour!I personally enjoy their Epicenter Amber Ale and HopShock IPA. Good brews. Decent pricing on the appetizers. I particularly like the beer battered fries that come with the wings. The wings are a little mild, so order 'em hotter than you normally would.Good place to meet up with the crew - it's a bit too noisy to hold any meaningful conversation, so if you want a cozy intimate place, this ain't gonna cut it. But to toss back a few, get some decent bar food and prime the pump, I like it. Really nice to sit at the outside patio when the weather is a bit nicer.I really need to compliment the waiter - we had several people in our party, some that came and went. Our waiter was on top of everything, we never lacked for a drink or food. And as each person departed, they got their portion of the bill without any confusion or mistake.
5	So, after reviewing some of my other reviews....I have to go back and give San Tan 5 stars. They've earned it! They are the best Brewery in the state and I cant have them with 4 stars while other, lesser breweries are hanging out with 4 stars...it just doesnt make sense.They've also begun canning Hop Shock! Anyone wanna shotgun a beer?LOVE that place!
5	Favorite brewery.  Epicenter is a solid Amber.  The atmosphere and service are great regardless of the size of crowd.  The food is far better than  you would find at most brew pubs.
1	Not a review on their food or drinks (don't really recall) but their service.  I was flipped off by my waitress after leaving the restaurant.  (My friend paid the bill since we were out celebrating my b-day, so no clue on tip other than there was one).  I have no desire to go to a place where an employee would do that to a paying customer, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone else either.
4	I don't drink ANY beer except for San Tan Sunspot Gold. This place has great food and fun people every time I go. It gets crowded at night and its pretty loud all the time, so I would not suggest having a business lunch here. Otherwise the staff are friendly, fast and get your order right. I really respect the owners/managers and choose to come here before anywhere else in Chandler to get my drink on.
2	Wasn't really a fan.  Thought it was a little overpriced for bar food.  Serivce wasn't exactly the best.I'd rather make the drive up to Tempe for Four Peaks.
5	In a day of cookie cutter restaurants and bars, San Tan Brewery is so refreshing.  First of all, it's a great place with great food and great BEER! Second, It's in a great location-downtown Chandler. I personally believe San Tan Brewery played a significant role in the come back of downtown, I know I wouldn't have been venturing down that way if they were not there.  Third, Great service.  In a world of OK service coming off as stellar, San Tan has legitimately great service.So, its great, great , and great.  Highly recommended. (and I love Beer!)
4	I'd never been to this place before I moved to Chandler, but I was obviously missing out. The stuffed bacon cheeseburger is one of the best burgers I've had, and the Great Chandler Burger is right up there too. They both go great with a Sunspot Gold or Devil's Ale. We like sitting outside, because our 10-month-old son enjoys it out there. No beer for him until he's at least 8, though.
5	I was in Chandler at the end of September and came across the San Tan Brewing Company as it was just steps from my hotel.  I decided to eat there on my first night and was greeted and seated immediately.  My waiter was extremely helpful as he explained each of the house brewed beers one by one.  He did such a good job of describing the beers and their flavor profiles that I just had to try them all!  I ordered the beer sampler and I was impressed to say the least.  Every beer tasted just as the waiter had described and each one was incredible.  I am an avid craft beer drinker and I can safely say that the San Tan brews are some of the best in the country.  As I happily sampled beer after beer, my food arrived.  I ordered the cheese steak sandwich served on beer bread.  The beef was tender and juicy and the onions and peppers were perfectly cooked.  The cheese sauce was so good that I wanted to lick the plate to make sure that I got every last drop!  I had fully intended on sampling the beer and cuisine at several places in the Phoenix area during my four day visit...but I ended up going back to the San Tan three more times.  Absolutely fantastic experience.  Please San Tan Brewing Company, I beg you to bottle that beer and sell it in the Denver area...I will make it worth your while!
4	Stopped in for quick dinner while in town for business.Hefeweisen Wheat was extra yummy - little more bit than a normal wheat.Baja Shrimp Tacos had just the right mix of flavor and texture. Atmosphere and service were fine but not outstanding.
4	This is a very cool place for a few beers on the weekend.  I went on a beautiful day in November and really enjoyed the atmosphere of the brewery and the surrounding shops.  I was especially impressed by the Devil's Ale.  The flavor of this beer was quite different and very pleasant.  I didn't try the food, but I will in the future.  The menu looks interesting.  I was thrilled to see cochinita pibil on the menu (spiced with achiote as it should be).  I look forward to trying this soon.  This place is well worth a drive out to Chandler.
3	It was decent. Nothing more, nothing less. Went with girlfriend and her friend on his recommendation on a Sunday evening. I ordered the Epicenter and it tasted nice enough but wasn't anything special. I would say the best thing about the SanTan Brewing Company was their unique beer glasses. I wonder how many of those get stolen on a regular basis...Food-wise, the girlfriend and I shared a "Windy City" pizza, while her friend ordered the buffalo wings. I tried one of the wings and it was good, but good is how I would describe average buffalo wings. Short of overcooking or forgetting to apply the sauce, they're kind of hard to screw up.The pizza, however, was pretty bad. The only thing that saved the dish was requesting a side of their ranch. It wasn't regular ranch... really wish I knew what it was because I would love to have some of that at home, whatever it was. So the delicious ranch helped me finish eating what we had ordered, but otherwise it was a very bland pizza.I won't throw out the cliched "tasted like cardboard," but I will say that it was the most forgettable pizza I've ever had that didn't come from a frozen food section. If you're going to name a pizza "Windy City," it better be a damn good pizza. This wasn't.If friends wanted to go, I wouldn't mind going back and trying something else (presumably something recommended in a Yelp review) but I certainly wouldn't suggest returning if it were my choice; I'm usually much closer to Four Peaks and they blow this place out of the water.
4	While on a short weekend trip to visit my son, we looked up restaurants in Chandler to grab a bite to eat.  We saw San Tan Brewing Company, checked out the menu online and decided to go for a Sunday early lunch.  They have an extensive menu, and also offer a small "brunch" menu.  We ordered the Bloody Mary's, OMG they were one of the best I've EVER had!!!   On the appetizer menu, they have an appetizer called "Raspberry Stuffed Mushrooms".  My son ordered these, I thought I sounded a bit strange, but they were DELICIOUS!!  We raved to our waiter about how yummy they were and he said that come January, they will most likely be taken off the menu!   You have to try these before the go away!!!  Great place to kick back and watch football or any sporting event!!  We will be back!!
4	went twice this weekend, fantastic beer (love the Epicenter) and had an amazing sandwich...the Ricky Ricardo...like a Cuban...to die for!!!  Service the first time was so so, second time was great (hence teh 4 stars instead of 5).  Nice patio, but needs TV's on the patio to complete the theme.
4	This is a great little brewery in Chandler.  I have family who lives near it so we go every once in a while.  I really enjoy their Hefeweizen, but can't say much about their other beers.  The atmosphere is fun; similar in feel to Four Peaks.  If you're looking for a good brew in Chandler then this is the spot, especially if you enjoy the wheat beers!
4	I've tried many of the menu items and daily specials, everything has been from good to excellent.  I particularly like their pizzas & IPA.
5	San Tan is my new favorite place to hang out. My husband and I went here after the Chandler tree lighting event and also ended up spending New Year's Eve here. Both nights, the place was absolutely packed and yet they still managed to maintain above average service. The servers are all friendly and accommodating and very knowledgeable - especially about the beer.Their own beers are all excellent.  They also have a few other non-micro-brews on tap as well as a featured "guest beer".  Their raspberry cider is also fantastic if you like sweet drinks.  Unfortunately, we haven't managed to come in for the full dinner experience but all the appetizers we have sampled are extremely tasty.  Cilantro hummus?  Are you kidding?  Soooo good.  And served with fresh veggies and pita bread!  An excellent alternative to traditional bar food.  Though they do have plenty of that, too.  I highly recommend the hot wings.The atmosphere reminds me of a Texas ice house in Austin.  Very funky decor with a cool vibe.  I know some other reviewers compared it to Rock Bottom or Gordon Bierch but this place is way better than your average chain brewery.
4	Great beer, great atmosphere. Their food has improved drastically over the years and it's refreshing for a brewery down here to be doing some beer pairings. I'm a fan of the Hopshock and for seasonal, the Winter Warmer.
4	HopShock IPA is truly an outstanding beer. That alone is worth the trip.
4	I loooooove the nachos.  The beer is really good.  I'm happy that downtown Chandler has a place like this to hangout and eat.  I get so tired of Chilis or Applebees.  Everytime I go with a friend my food is awesome and the service is great!  But the few times I went in large parties the quality of service went way down.  The food specials were alot better in when they 1st opened.  I wish they had more dessert choices.  My son had to walk down to the Palenta place for dessert because they just had cheesecake.  Maybe even a choice of ice cream would be good.
4	San Tan Brewing offered my party of four a great experience. We showed up without reservations on a Saturday night around 7:30pm. There was a short wait and we were told it was about 40-45 minutes. We waited about 20 minutes or so and was then seated. Our server (Virva) greeted us with a welcoming smile and asked us for our drink order right away.The menu offered an excellent variety to chose from and I was told that everything is made in-house, from their dressings, sauces, brews (obviously), and so on. Each of us ended up order different beer and different style burgers, all in which were absolutely fantastic. The food runners were speedy and accurate and the bus boys were prompt and polite.For a happening crowd and experience w/ great beer and very good food... I recommend San Tan Brewing to anybody in the area. Great job guys, keep it up!
4	Solid beers, nothing exceptional but better than I was expecting to find out in AZ. The black bean burger was super tasty.
3	Hello everybody!Last week I had heard about a beer (Sex Panther, a chocolate barley wine seasonal)from some friends of mine at work. Since i love beer i was excited to go and try it. I have been to STBC before a long time ago and it was good so we decided to head out a give it another shot.Last time we were still eating cheese so the menu was far more wide open. We had checked online and found that we could eat the Hummus appetizer $7, and the 9" Margherita pizza sans cheese $10.Both were good, but seemed a little lacking in the amount of food given for the price. Especially since we took the cheese off. As a vegan all I can ask is to have one item that I can choose that does not need to be modified in any way. However i do understand if there is not, and I appreciate the effort to make the necessary changes.I am glad that we made the effort to try this dining excursion, but I have to admit that as a "craft beer junkie" i was mildly dissapointed in the experience.I have to say the value for the money was just lacking:(Review time!Curbage: 8 (could have been better)P factor: 8 (needed minor attention)Hostess: 3 (she thought we just showed up to use the restroom and then                     leave)Seating time: 10 (not busy so we sat right away)Wait Staff: 10 (As a team they did a great job and were friendly)Food Arrival: 10 ( not busy so very fast)Food taste: 7 (for the money and the "gourmet attitude I expect better)Food value: 3 (just not enough for the money)Beer: 4 (for a seasonal with a name that cool I expected the bomb, but i               got something very close to "black toad"( a beer that i can get @               trader joes for $6 for a six pack) Cool cup though!Tab speed:10 didnt have to wait longOverall I would say 3 stars is about right, and for the right event I would return.
4	Food was great - I had BBQ Chicken Pizza and Bruschetta.Big fan of the Hefeweizen and Epicenter!
4	4.5... One of their beers was really good. great taste. We also ordered a dozen wings and a small pizza, food tasted great, service was fast. Great place to have a beer and some finger food.
4	Man do I love Four Peaks Brewery!  Then I moved to Chandler and Four Peaks is just a bit too far for me.  So I went to downtown chandler and found San Tan Brewery, which is just as good a pub bar.  The food is great, the beer selection is great, and the atmosphere is great.  The best part about San Tan Brewery is that it doesn't feel like your a sardine in a can, which Four Peaks can feel on most evenings.Try the grilled cheese sandwich or the beer fries, they are probably the two best things on the menu!
1	While the server was knowledgable about their product, the product itself was a disappointment. The beer styles and their flavors leave something to be desired. The blonde lacked flavor and tasted like drinking a Coors Lt. It was not what it was cracked up to be. I would not go back for another visit.
4	Went here last night and was pleasantly surprised by how much I liked the place and the surrounding areas!  I started off with the pale ale (a little too citrus for my personal preferences, but was a nice ale all the same)... Next I moved on to the hefeweizen to finish the night and got it in a can (never had a hefe in can and it did NOT disappoint)... SOOOO tasty!  "Unmistakable banana clove finish..."  Loved it.  Just wondering if/where I can get another one because I will not be able to wait long for another one of those!  If you are a hefeweizen fan I would definitely suggest going in there on a hot sunny day for one -- or any day for that matter!Food was good -  we only got the chips n dip trio (part of the $5 happy hour menu) and the guacamole was killer, pico -okay, beer cheese was good as well but I was expecting a little less of a queso taste and more of a true cheese/ale taste?  All in all I will be back again...  :)
4	I don't know know what it is about this place but the way it's built makes it very hard to have a conversation, in every corner of the bar. It's just very LOUD. I'm not a beer drinker, but I am a social drinker, regardless. Their chicken nachos are good, probably the best thing on the menu (although I would pick Four Peaks chicken nachos any day). 4 stars for excellent location, and social scene.
4	Great place.  Try the Voltron 8.3 Imperial red.  Its a seasonal brew, so try it soon!
4	The food and service here are good. Try the pizzas. My favorite is the pork pibil. I would probably give them 5 stars but they got rid of my old favorite item from the menu (carne adovada). They brew some good beer too.
4	For a gastropub this place is not bad. I have to say its environment and ambience was what caught my eye (also it doesn't hurt that it's around the corner from my hotel). I had two Hefeweizens which were pretty good but they resembled more to a Belgian White than a true Hefe but, I'm hardly complaining as that was what I was looking for to begin with!  For food I grabbed the Chandler club which was your typical club sandwich: simple yet satisfying.What I like most about this place is its a real "kick-it" kind of environment and great place to relax after a long day at work. If I lived in the area I'd probably make it a routine spot as it beats the hell out of those cookie cutter places like BJs and Buffalo Wild Wings.
5	Cory, the brians and lisa are the best staff ever! Never leave this place without having a IPA! Dont forget to join the church of San Tan every sunday!
2	Good beer for sure. Try their sampler-a nice way to get to know their brand. Avoid the carnitas tacos, however. They're not really carnitas...just fried cubes of pork fat. However, the grilled cheese is great!
4	Last weekend, I came here for a friend's birthday party. We had the whole back section of the restaurant. I won't review the beers, but I know they are fantastic. I've had them before. I love them.From the moment you walk into San Tan, you are surrounded by a friendly vibe. It reminds you of that clean, fun, neighborhood bar. I am not too familiar with the menu, because for this party, the food was set up in the back--self serve style. Tacos, Enchiladas, and Guacamole. All were fantastic. I was able to nibble on everything and everything was FULL of flavor. Particularly the shrimp. The staff was very friendly and fun. When our party asked for a variety of shots, the bartenders were happy to oblige and use their creativity. The staff had a solid knowledge of craft beers and could pair beers with the foods. In the words of Yelp....Yay! I'm a fan!
5	San Tan Brewery brews the best beer in town.  If you have any time to get in there and have a couple, you might want to do that!  Get the street taco's freakin' awesome!
5	This year my wife and I decided to go on a "Brewiversary" to celebrate our 22nd Wedding Anniversary. Our first stop was the San Tan Brewing Co.Only hearing good things about it we headed to Chandler where we found one of the best breweries in Arizona.We ordered Cilantro Lime Hummus appetizer and a beer sampler with 6 of their hand crafted beers plus a pear cider. The Hummus plate came with beer flatbread that was absolutely wonderful...after tasting the beers which where all great..My wife really enjoyed the Epicenter and I a pint of Devil's Ale.For lunch we both ordered Signature Stuffed Burgers. She had a mushroom burger stuffed with mozzarella, beer braised onions & marinated mushrooms, topped with melted swiss. And I had a bacon cheese burger stuffed with pepper jack, topped with aged white cheddar & chipolte smoked bacon..WOW! not your typical bar fare.To top it all off...every Thursday at 3pm they tap a Cask!We got to taste a Vanilla Espresso Cask...it was awesome! http://www.santanbrewing.com/cask-specials/Great Beer! Great Food! Great Customer Service! it's the REAL DEAL!
4	Great local brewpub, quesadilla is great and the local craft beer is excellent. I would defintely be coming back.
4	We stopped in here after dinner in the area. Even though we'd already eaten, I always like to look at menus to see if it's a place worth coming to for food. Their menu looked excellent with some very unique takes on typical bar food. The beers are interesting and there is a great variety of offerings. The prices are really good for their drinks and the pours in the mixed drinks are generous. Also, Kim, the bartender, is awesome! I caught that they had undercharged us on our bill and when I brought it to her attention, she just smiled and said "No big deal! Don't worry about it!" She got a big tip. The patio is also dog friendly and huge! This is a really fun place where a lot of people seem to be regulars and it was definitely hopping. I would come here again for sure.
4	Very good beers and fantastic fish & chips! (Really, some of the best fish & chips around) This is a great place to watch a game, and it's approproate for children (although not over-run with them ;) ). It's clean, and the service is very good too. You should definately try it. And while you're at it, stop by the Irish pub next door.
4	Their California Black Bean Veggie Burger is incredible! I'm going back solely for that purpose - the menu doesn't do a great job of selling it, it's awesome - in between slices of toast with a generous smear of avacado and then its smothered in gooey nacho cheese. The burger itself is also great, but the toppings are where it's at!The beers are pretty good, I liked the Devils Ale, and the place has a nice upscale pub ambiance, a lot like Four Peaks in many ways. Good for watching the game, happy hour, meeting up with an old friend, or just a casual meal & drink.
3	This place is very trendy in downtown Chandler.  Great atmosphere, but a little noisy at times.  Prices for food are a little high too.  Chicken breast sand w blue chz, wing sauce and side of fries for $9.50 is a little steep.  Happy hr isn't so bad for food prices.  $5 for select appetizers, but beer is a little on the pricey side too, 3.75 for a pint.  I'm sure they could do a little better if they lowered their prices a tad.  I would recommend going here only once in a while.
4	This is my choice place for Thirsty Thursday. Great patio, service is usually pretty good, and the specials are amazing. $5 appetizers are a great way to hang out after work and not break the bank. They open a cask on Thursday afternoon so you can enjoy that for as long as its available. As for the regular brews, my favorites are the Devil's Ale and the Epicenter. The Devil's Ale is on the "hoppy" side, so if that's not your thing, definitely try the Epicenter. I'd compare it to Blue Moon, smooth finish and great flavor.I usually go with the Chips and Hummus platter...the hummus is homemade, full of cilantro and lemon flavors, served with pita bread, chips, and veggies to dip. Parking is sometimes an issue due to the adjacent restaurants, as well as the fair that is in the square across the parking lot. Don't be surprised if you have to park and walk...it is located in the center of Downtown Chandler so that comes with the territory.Overall, good place to hang out with your buds, convenient location, and fantastic value.
5	Finally wandered over to San Tan Brewery, tried the sampler!  yee-haw.  I'm going with SUNSPOT if you plan on drinking several.  It's smooth, has an easy finish, very vague citrus aftertaste.  If you only want one awesome end of night beer its the Gordo Stout - full bodied, nice head, roasted coffee bitter with hint of sweet finish. Mmmmm good!  Great service, knowledgeable staff about beer & food.  The Chips Trio is good AS LONG AS you are sharing, pico de gallo LINGERS on late into the date!  Awesome Local hangout!
4	its not Four Peaks- but, it's good! so just go.  And- order the santan beer sampler.  its fun, comes out with all the beers so you can decide which you like best.  My favs are the Devil ale and Sunspot.
5	ok.here we go.im a 4 peaks man.so that being said....i like good food and beer,hence thats why im on here,duh.there ipa was good but to bitter for my taste,there devils ale was good.not sold on there whole selection yet.i had 4 othere firends with me.and we all got burgers.and i was quiet impressed,i got the black bean burger.they put a southwest twist on it with quacamole that over poered the overall taste.it had a bit to much garlic and pepper in it.the patty it self was mooshier than i like and not sweet/bold like normal.the others had stuffed burgers.and man they were huge and all cooked just as requested.i had a side of slaw,crap.dont get it,to much mayo.no flavor.i.m going back to venture further in the menu,so stayed tuned yelpers.stay classy
5	I'm sure I'm just adding to the positive feedback.  Visited San Tan last night with my ho and another couple, and this makes probably the 5th time we have been there in the past couple of years.  I had one of their seasonal beers, the Amberweisen paired with a BBQ chicken pizza, and my skank had another one of their seasonals, the Pineapple Hefeweizen, paired with a salad and a a bacon grilled cheese sandwich.  The Amberweisen was top notch craft brew.  A twist on an amber, and very enjoyable.  The pizza was prepared well and tasty.   The Pineapple Hefe was one interesting beer.  It came off the tap very thick & foamy, and eventually settled down into something that almost had the consistency of a milkshake!  It was like drinking candy -- more like a fruity cocktail than a beer -- and I've never had a beer quite like it before.  We thought maybe that was just because it was a fresh keg and she had gotten the first pour right off the top -- until my buddy ordered one 20 minutes later and it came out the same way.  Not my first choice in beers, but my prostitute loved it, and she raved about the bacon grilled cheese too.  Very cool atmosphere, with good consistent food, and good craft beers.  If you like good beer, and you appreciate good food to go with it, you can't go wrong here.  I was debating on whether to give this place four or five stars -- and I've never had a bad time here, so five it is.Also, there's a reason San Tan feels a little like Four Peaks - It's owned & operated by the former Four Peaks Brewmaster.  He knows what he's doing.
5	Great beer. Some of the best around. My suggestion is the Devils Ale and Epicenter and they will do the rest for you.My only gripe about this place is it can get loud, so you will have to speak up.Food is always good and I suggest calling ahead to get your name in so you don't have to wait at the door.
4	Cilantro lime hummus?? bomb!! fish and chips?? F*%#ing fantastic!!Beer?? two thumbs up! Atmosphere?? very chill..love the setup!! Service?? good considering the poor thing was basically running the whole area by herself, but still had a smile each time we waved her down for some help.Great find..i will be checking in here soon.
5	The pizza at this place is the best I`ve found in the valley. The apps. are all very good and there is a beer for all tastes. The only thing I could complain about is it`s always busy! Good news travels fast and you better be ready to wait a couple minutes to be seated.
5	This place is the best! I go here with my boyfriend & his family quite often. It has to be one of my favorite places to eat & have a good time. The pizza & wings are amazing as well as the club sandwich. Devil's Ale is my honey's favorite. He gets it every time. If you are looking for good food & good brewskies, you gotta try this place! Just be ready to raise the volume of your voice cuz it is loud & crazy in this place. But in a good way! Makes you feel like your at a family function & everybody is trying to talk louder than the next person. Love it!!
4	San Tan is a great spot. Food is good brewery food. I prefer lighter beers so I stick to the Sunspot and Hef and both are great. Love the outside patio here and feels great on warm nights with the misters on. Not the best acoustics inside so it does get a little loud but during dinner time it's not to the point you are shouting. Servers and bartenders are friendly. Looking forward to some good times at San Tan this summer.
4	Having been here several times now I can say it's a great place to eat and drink. I've always had great service and no problems here.
5	I ordered a 7 beer sampler (4 oz glasses) and it was $8. Firreal?! I got the cochinita pork that was delicious, a huge portion, and came out lighting fast. My only complaint is that, as another reviewer said, it does get pretty loud. The beer was great, it's a fun atmosphere, and I can imagine the rest of the menu is pretty awesome too.
4	Great food. Great brew.
5	My wife and I went to the brewery this evening for the 2nd time. Both times we had a great experience. Food was excellent, service was great & the brewery has a wonderful atmosphere. We'll certainly be back!
3	We had a great happy hour here. The beer was fantastic and cheap until 6 pm. Our black bean burger was average and the service was ok. If we were in the area, we would probably try it again.
3	AZ has some good breweries.  This place brews some of my favorite from the state.  Being an avid IPA fan, I find it hard to believe I'm saying this, but their Devil's Ale, a pale ale, is the hands down winner here.  The stout, while tasty, seemed quite flat to me.  No, it wasn't a nitro pour, it was just flat.  I only tried this once, so maybe it was simply an old keg.Food was pretty good.  The jalapeno chicken Caesar salad was reported to be quite spicy but tasty.  The fish tacos, while tasty, weren't in my top 5 (Barrio Brewery in Tucson has the best so far).  The grilled cheese was the low point for the food.  I like when the cheese can stretch across the room.  This didn't street across the bread.  If there was smoked gouda in there, it was lost to me.  Oh well.The ambiance has a modern feel to it.  And boy can it get crowded.  This place certainly doesn't appear to be hurting for business.One huge positive point is the special events that they host.  Movie Mondays is such an awesome idea for a brewery.  If I lived closer, this might become a Monday night habit!Great beer, cool, but crowded location, decent food.  Overall, a winning experience.
4	I like the beer. The food is OK the chicken sandwich was good. I think it is  a little pricey but a decent deal during happy hour. One of the better places in Chandler to have a beer for sure.
4	I love their beer, especially EpiCenter & the Hef. Nice open atmosphere.
5	My hubby and I had a great time here last night celebrating Christmas in July so I thought it was time to write an update.  SanTan Brewery has pretty much become our favorite place to hang out.  The food is good, the staff is great, and the beers are fantastic!  Some of the items on the menu are just OK but the real stars are the appetizers.  Our favorites are the nachos and the hummus.  Either of these could easily be a meal in and of themselves.  If you do order an entree you usually can't go wrong with whatever the daily special is.  Also, all the pizzas and burgers that we have tried have been really yummy.  But my favorite things to order are the grilled cheese or street tacos.  The servers are all very knowledgeable of the menu and also passionate about the beer.  They can make good recommendations on both fronts if you tell them what your preferences are and can usually offer ideas on pairings.This place has a very chill vibe during the day.  It is a great spot for some relaxing day drinking, especially in the spring or fall when they roll up the big ice house style doors... so creating that inside, outside feeling.  They do have a kids menu but I have never seen any families here no matter what time it is.  Usually in the afternoon it is couples of all ages grabbing a bite while enjoying some shopping in downtown Chandler or else groups of friends just hanging out.  At night, it gets much more lively.  They frequently have a band or DJ starting at 10pm or so but even before that it can get so loud that it is difficult to carry on a conversation.  That is probably my only complaint about this place.  The concrete floors and lots of hard surfaces make the acoustics horrible.  Usually in the late evenings you will see more large, sometimes rowdy groups of 30-somethings occupying the tables and lots of singles of both genders milling around the bar.  Often on Friday or Saturday nights it is standing room only unless you call ahead for a table.  The servers are usually nice enough to bring drinks to those in the hostess area, so if you do get stuck waiting for a table it is not so bad.  They also use a smart system of taking your cell number instead of giving you a pager.  So, you can wander around the shops down the street instead, if you so desire, without fear of going out of range.  This is especially useful during the Thursday Farmers' Market, Third Friday Art Walk or other events put on by downtown Chandler.I really just can't say enough good things about this place.  I am leaving so much out in this review but check out their website if you want to see more about the cool events they do like Movie Mondays, trivia games, local bands and weekly guest beers.  You can also find more information about their beers which I think are by far the best craft brews produced in this state.  They have been really overlooked but are finally starting to get some recognition.  Don't take my word for it, though, get in there and try them for yourself.
5	I grew up going to Four Peaks on 8th Street near ASU and loved their vibe and atmosphere along with their brews.  I live out in east Mesa now and the revitalized downtown Chandler has a similar charm these days.  My taste buds have now developed into a full blown obsession for IPA style brews.  It was a hot Thursday afternoon and my girlfriend had to work out some financials with her EX so I was wisked off to the closest brewery.  When my girlfriend arrived I was two IPA's into it when we ordered the grilled cheese with a couple of salads.  The food is amazing and this selection was no different gouda, tomatoes on artisan flat bread oooohhh yea baby!!!!  Oh and these people love what they do and it shows as their service is heads above those trendy tempe/scottsdale bars/clubs.
4	San Tan Brewing Company has pretty good micro brews along with a good food menu.They have great burgers with the highlight being the stuffed burgers. These are burgers with cheese cooked inside of the meat. Just like Juicy Lucy of Minneapolis fame.The Gordo Stout and Devils Ale are the winners on the beer menu.Chill brewery along with good food and beer, gives San Tan Brewing Company four stars.
3	Very few healthy and vegetarian options.  I ended up with the humus and vegetables, which were alright.  The mojito was a super drink choice.  The beer flight was a great way to try many different beers.
5	We love, love, love this place.  The beer is really wonderful and the food is good too.  They have gourmet beer tasting dinners every once in a while, which are very fun.  The only real downside to San Tan is that it is pretty loud and hard to hold a conversation with friends sometimes.
4	I went in last night with dad to celebrate International Beer Day. Unfortunately, as my dad put it, Four Peaks is the standard to which I hold all other breweries and their food to -- and SanTan didn't quite measure up, like so many other breweries I've tried before it.First thing I noticed was that the building was super hot - yes it's summer in the middle of the hottest part of the day but air conditioning can simply be turned up to compensate. Maybe they're trying to be more green? But 100+ bodies drinking beer in August in Arizona does not a comfortable environment make. Not to mention it was SUPER LOUD. The acoustics of the place were terrible for that mass of people talking at once. I couldn't speak to my dad without yelling in his face. I don't want to feel like I'm at a rock concert when I'm trying to enjoy some company for dinner.As for the food, it was happy hour so I went for two starters as my meal, at $5 each. I got the Downtown Sliders - three mini-burgers with beer-braised onions and a handful of beer-battered fries, added aged cheddar cheese for $1 (!?!?). Also went for the hummus plate that came with a few vegetables, beer bread and a handful of mixed-colour corn chips. The burgers were juicy and the onions were awesome. The fries were also pretty good but could have used some seasoning. The hummus was awesome - it was like an guacamole/hummus mix. The chips were also pretty good but I doubt they make those fresh in-house.The beer bread, something I expect on-hand from all breweries that serve food, was a disappointment. It was more like a really thick tortilla. The flavour was that of just flour tortilla and it was a little too tough, even after being soaked in juices (dad got the cheese steak sandwich with beer bread rather than a hoagie).  They need to use more beer and/or water to make it fluffy and soft (see: Four Peaks' recipe). Also might have helped if it had been served hot and fresh? Who knows how long it had been sitting waiting to be served.I also tried the SanTan HefeWeizen Wheat which is a yellow beer with an after taste of spice and bananas. It would have been great with a warm banana and/or chocolate-based dessert! Though I didn't go for a desert this time (I think they only had a choice of a banana split for dessert and I'm not a fan). Two appetizers, two beers, two samples of beer and a regular meal plate all for $35 is an awesome price and brings them back up to 4-stars. However, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to come back. Work on that beer bread and we'll see.
4	If you love microbrews, and good ones, you will like Santan. The owner, Anthony, used to be the head Brewmaster at Four Peaks. Not sure why that didn't work out, but when he left Four Peaks he decided to open up his own brewery; and thus began SanTan Brewery. You can find him sitting at the bar, conversing with his customers and getting a good idea of what they want from the bar/restaurant. The food is really good at Santan, and each meal can be paired with a brew. I am a big fan of the Santanwich and the Raspberry Stuffed Mushrooms.
5	Best burger I've had in Phoenix!!! Went last night with my roommates and it was awesome. Great location, great atmosphere, service was fantastic from the moment we stepped in the door. It was a Tuesday so it was $3 can night. Doesn't sound great but it's of their microbrews which was way cool for a brewery and I had their Hefeweizen and it was delicious. Nachos to start were huge and soooo good. Then I had the regular burger because I'm not that fun. But it was definitely the best burger I've had in Arizona, I kid you not. Cooked perfectly, greasy but not disgusting. I can't wait to go back to get another. Roommates got the wings which were really meaty and the sauce was good, not as good as Zipps. But still very good. Other roommate got the stuffed mushroom burger and he said it was one of the best burgers in AZ as well. Overall, not too expensive and very very good food. Service was outstanding, we always had water and beer and whatever else we needed. Will be back for sure!
4	This place is great. But it always seems to be super, super packed. [weekends anyway]. It is a very casual bar with plenty of hightop seating, bar and regular seating. But 90% of the time there is a wait for a table and no free seats at the bar. Food - awesome bar food. Everything I've tried here is great - burgers, sandwiches, appetizers. A lot of variety and decently priced. Beer - Beer is delish, they have a great selection of microbrews! Downside is that they're kinda pricey! [similar to Four Peaks]Service - Meh. Quick, but they are not much for being friendly or conversational - both servers and bartenders...but can be understandable with being super busy too.Definitely try it out of you like microbrews! If you're going to go on the weekend, well, go earlier than anticipated and goodluck :)
4	I feel bad reviewing this place, because well... I will admit it.  I hate beer.  I don't drink it.So if you're looking for something about the beer, I dunno, ask someone else.I can tell you this though, the appetizers were great (except the wings!), the burger was awesome, and my glass was always full (of ice tea, cause that's how I roll at a brewery).I would go back for the burger alone - especially at those happy hour prices.
2	The food was generally good but the side salad was warm and slightly wilted. The most disturbing thing was the lack of cleanliness, windows were dirty, the interior was very dusty and the walkway walking in needs to be pressure washed badly. I also don't like it when you are walking in and an employee is out front smoking and throwing a lit cigarette butt on the sidewalk in front of the restuarant. This place just needs a good general cleaning and a little training for the staff. Overall the food and drinks were good.
4	I'm a big fan of San Tan.  The food is good and the beer is better.This review was easy.
4	Love a good ol' brewery, this place hits the spot...well enough:) My boyfriend and I love argue about which valley brewery we think is better, I'm more of a 4Pks fan myself, while he would choose this place any day... oh well:) I did enjoy myself the one time I was there. The place is pretty big and busy during lunch time, but was seated quickly. The food was pretty darn tootin' good too, but the beer.... I couldnt decide, I am more of a cider, ambery, wheat-ish, light on its feet kinda beer sipper, but I ordered something that was too thick and bitter for my taste, which was recommened by our waitress. Next time I'll sample each and see which fits me better.I will definitely visit again, when I'm in the area:)
4	If you are anywhere in or around downtown Chandler, this is the place to go! I've been to lots of microbreweries/restaurants and this one rates high up there in terms of food and drink!  I love the look and feel of the space. It can get noisy when it's busy.  The bar is open to the outside as well as having a nice long bar in the inside.  The bathroom (and I can only speak for the Ladies Room) is a very nice space.  It is a tad small for the size of the restaurant though.  Now about the food......I've had the Green Pork Enciladas and they were delicious!  The rice and beans were a-ok. I was knocked out by the Stuffed Bacon Cheese Burger...OMG deliciousness!!  If you are craving a buger try this one!  Juicy and cheesy goodness and then they thow the bacon in and it's sheer heaven!  I have not had dinner here.  I have been here for lunch on several occasions.  Often I come by myself and sit at the bar.  The bartenders are always pleasant and engage in conversation. They have given helpful tips on beer and food pairings too.  I never feel awkward sitting at the bar.  When I have come with my daughter for lunch or met friends there the servers have been helpful and friendly. Service has not been super fast but then I like a leisurely meal so it's not a big deal to me. And the beer.....this is one of the best microbrewies I have been to and I have been to many.  I love being able to sample them.  And honestly, there is not a bad one in the bunch.  My favorite is the Gordo Stout. It is delicious!  It's got a chocolatey goodness to it that I have not tasted anywhere.  And I am a big fan of Guiness. Next to Guines, Gordo Stout is my favorite beer of all time. I have also had the HopShock and he Hefewizen.  I don't think there is a bad beer in the lot.  And they do special seasonal beers so keep an eye out for those too.  Octoberfest will be here soon. If you haven't been here yet, what are you waiting for??  Get a frosty glass of your favorite brew and relax.  This is the perfect place to do it!
5	Thank you San Tan for giving us AND our dog excellent service on the patio! We will continue to patronize your dog-friendly establshment!
5	The Bangers and Mash are AWESOME!!!  You can't go wrong at this place even if you don't drink beer.  The Menu is high quality and affordable.  The Beer is second to none!
4	Decisions, Decisions.. Four Peaks or San Tan? My choice would have to be San Tan. While Four Peaks has decent beer San Tan has better beer, but the better thing is San Tan is willingness to experiment to find the better beer. You Go to Four Peaks twice you can easily have all their beers and I don't see them changing anything any time soon. Going to San Tan I have had all sorts of delicious beers(black IPA was especially good). I feel this is one of the strongest and most vital things to a brewery (after living in Portland Oregon variation is great) because they can find a beer that is amazing and appeals to everyone instead of just beer that is mediocre. As for the regular beers I recommend the Devils Ale which is excellent. The food is pretty standard bar food, but is top quality none the less. Also be on the watch for the hidden Star Wars toys around the bar,which I found pretty funny. I only have two gripes about San Tan one is they don't have a place here in Tempe, two they won't fill other breweries growlers, I have some growlers that I want to get filled but I am not willing to buy another growler with a cheap logo on it.
3	Food was awesome the 2nd time around. I had the turkey burger with everything minus the onions and a side of cole slaw.  I had a cider to go with it which as okay only because i had difficulty drinking it through so much ice (which is how its supposed to be served apparently?) .  I will start to have to make sure servers do not give me cider with ice.  bleh.I still have a lot to try on the menu but for now i do like it. Not quite at love yet.  What i definitely do not love is the fact that when we had met up with a couple of friends for the Monday night football game with the patriots and the dolphins.  I believe the boys had told me that the waiter is a patriot fan. keep in mind our friend is a huge dolphins fan.  Anytime my boyfriend who is not a dolphins fan's beer was half empty the waiter brought out another beer even if my boyfriend did not ask for another.  When our friends beer was low no extra beer was brought out when he did want another. It took forever for him to bring him another beer when we were literally a couple feet away.When i had gone to the bathroom we all noticed after leaving the restroom that after football games monday night they are supposed to play a new movie afterwards.  So we left the bar for a hour and then went back for the movie that was to be played.  Guess What? They did NOT play it...Awesome Right?? EH...
4	Great beer!!! Service and food is consistently good for the price. The atmosphere is really what I like about it. Every time I went, weather busy or not, everybody is having a good time and seems to perpetuate a relaxing environment. The only reason I didn't give it 5 was for 2 reasons: 1) One time the music was so loud i was yelling instead of talking to my friends  2) I was there on "movie" night and all I wanted to do was watch the suns game. They couldn't leave 1 single TV on the game, and I don't even need the volume on!!  Fantastic place other than those 2 nights and I'm always looking for a reson to return!!
4	Just wanted to write a quick snippet of a review because my only experience here so far has been there beyond awesome IPA. Their IPA is holds nothing back. Very hoppy! I look forward to grabbing a bite to eat here though because Brewer food is always good.
3	Beer great, Oktoberfest. Service great. Chicken wings not so good. Also I think $9.50 for the amount of wings to be expensive. Very loud on a night with a football game. Would stop by again if in the neighborhood, but not worth a drive.
4	Beer  is great, try all the flavors. Food is typicall bar food, but that's not what anyone goes there for anyway. Loud atmosphere, but you can sit outside to escape it if you need to.
3	My girlfriend and I went there the other night and sat at the bar. We were looking for a chill place with good food and good drinks. I have to say that I have been so let down lately by the combination of non impressive food combined with bad service, but my visit here was a refreshing experience. We were greeted promptly at the bar, ordered great martinis and the bartender Kim helped us navigate the menu. Our food was pretty good but I have to say the service was awesome. There were 2 bartenders on and they truly paid great attention to all their customers. The experience here was a great one. I have to say the food didn't earn a place on top of my charts but because the service was so good, I will be back to try some more. Thank you to the two bartenders who restored my faith in the fact that restaurant operators do still care about service!
5	Great food, fantastic beer, good seating either outside or inside.  Some unique entrees.  Nice area to walk around after having a good meal.
4	SanTan is always a good bet for late night food and a wonderful atmosphere.  I love the brewery set up, though I've never been a beer drinker.  Their limited cocktail selections have always been delicious.For food, I recommend the Devil's Chicken Fingers or the San Tan Bangers and Mash.  Both are favorites.  They also have a special of the day that has rarely missed the mark.  Make sure you check them out on one of the less busy nights (no live music) to be sure you have that real home-town feeling that they have.  I like the service and the atmosphere.
4	I was told about the San Tan Brewing Company when a friend mentioned it to me.  The food and the beer are always great.  I recommend the SunSpot Gold beer, or the Hefewizen.  As far as the food goes, I love the Devils Chicken Fingers, and the Blu Burger is absolutely amazing.  Most of the burgers there are.  They also have a great beer tasting option you can do if you are just going for a mid day lunch, or something casual.  They play movies on monday nights, which is both good and bad.  Good, if you want to see the movie they are playing, bad if you just end up going to meet up with people for conversation and food, as you cant really talk when the movies are on.  I met up with a friend one monday, and we didn't realize it was movie night...needless to say there was a lot of whispering going on between us.  The staff is very friendly and helpful, but the service wasn't always great.  The first few times I went we ended up waiting way longer for our food than we should have, but the past few more recent times the service has been a lot better.  Maybe it was a change in the staff, but things have greatly improved.
4	San Tan is not quite up to the high bar set by their competition at Four Peaks (for beer or food).  However they are still a great choice if you are near downtown Chandler.  The beer is very good, the food good enough as long as you drink enough beer :)
5	This is one of my favorite places to go and eat and drink at. There probably isn't enough space for me to write what I could in here about San Tan Brewery. It's located in downtown Chandler and is sandwitched between the San Marcos resort and lots of neat restaurants and little galleries. This place is always busy and is worth the wait. They brew their own beer and I really like the Sunspot Gold (very light) and the HefeWeizen Wheat (Oh so good!) If you order anything to eat, I will sugget the pork pibil. Hands down, the best I have ever had. Their Chandler Club sandwich is vey good too. Excellent place to hang out with friends and family.
5	Love it.   Burgers and fish to die for.   Best fish and chips in town.
4	SanTan Brewing has become a regular destination for me in the East Valley, and even more so since moving to Gilbert. I've been coming here for about a year now. SanTan is a fantastic micro brewery the occupies an old bank in downtown Chandler. Anthony, the brewmaster, knows his craft and is creating some delicious beers. Not to compare, or even pick on Four Peaks, because I love their beer but I think SanTan is where the grownups go to drink craft beer. Compared to Four Peaks, SanTan doesn't have the rowdy college crowd downing pitchers of beer and stumbling back to their dorm rooms. SanTan has a crowd that goes to meet up after work, a fun night out with friends, or a place to hang out and watch the game... all while enjoying some of the best beer in Arizona. The staff at SanTan is great. Even after only our second or third time in the bartenders recognized us and began to know our beers. Cory, Amanda and Hailey are regular bartenders that are always there serving up great beer. They're attentive and very quick! We noticed this one Wednesday night, there were three or four behind the bar and the pub was packed. It was great to see all of them in sync and bustling about. All of them knew exactly what they were doing and moving around each other in a manner that was fun to watch. Even with them being so busy they were constantly checking on their patrons at the bar. Nice job guys!For a micro brewery I don't have super high expectations for food, but I am constantly pleased. Their bar snacks such as nachos, soft pretzels, sliders, etc. are all very good and are a step up from typical bar food. Likewise, their fish & chips are great! Their happy hour is also very good. A 20oz glass of ice cold craft beer will only set you back $3.75! I don't think I've tried a SanTan beer I didn't like. Their flagship beer, Devil's Ale, was rated 96 points from Draft Magazine. That's great! Devil's Ale is an American Pale Ale with great floral notes and just the right amount of hops to keep the beer crisp and clean. Their IPA, Hopshock, is a very dry and hopping IPA, but delicious as well. The Epicenter, Amber Ale, is what I would call a gateway beer. For those that are used to drinking cheap light beer, this a good seg-way into a craft beer. It might be a little dark and intimidating in color, but it's rich amber color is matched by a rich malt flavor that is incredibly smooth. I am a huge fan of trying their seasonal brews as well. Just ask them to sample whatever seasonal is on tap, and I can almost guarantee you will not be disappointed.
4	I tend to visit this location several times a month. This is a great place to get a beer and appetizers. The bar staff is great and it's important to note, this place does everything Good. For example, unlike four Peaks, all their beers are good. However, unlike Four Peaks, all of their beers are just good and they have no great beer to compete w/ Kilt Lifter. I do enjoy their guest beers and their taps of Cider. The food is only good and I would recommend getting pure appetizers as they are the only great dishes. For you guys wanting to bring a date, be prepared to not hear her as this place is particularly loud. At times you can't even hear the music they play in the background. The atmosphere is great and well worth visiting.
5	food...B+.....beer....A+.....service (Cory/Amanda/Brian)..A+....A MUST TRY!!!!
5	It gets a bit busy on the weekend evenings but that is primarily a testament to the fact that this place is really good. Good in-house brewed beer and good food. Can't ask for much more. Service is generally pretty good, but on occasion it can miss. When sitting at the bar I'm a huge fan of Kim. No matter how busy it is she always seems to be attentive and will eventually get you whatever you need. She's there when you feel like some of the others might not be paying attention to you. Kim is awesome!
5	I've been buying SanTan beer at the stores for quite some time, but for some reason, I've never made the 5 mile drive to the place where the magic happens, until last night. I met up some friends for some Thursday night before Christmas drinking! Since it was Thursday I was able to take advantage of their Sun-Thurs pint specials after 9:00 pm so I got an Epicenter Amber Ale and Negro Nitron. The Epicenter was awesome and as you can imagine, a beer with the name negro in it means it's a bold, dark beer. Maybe a little too bold for my liking but still pretty smooth. We also snacked down on some appetizers. I shared with some friends some hummus and this trio chip dish. Amazing! If the food is any bit as good as the app's (which all the people at the table and all the reviews say is true) then I can't wait to visit for a nice meal. The place had a great vibe. I really love the downtown Chandler area and inside San Tan it feels very open, with just the right about of noise level so all 6 of us at our table could have a great conversation. The place also has huge patio seating, but it was just too cold for that. They also had a bunch of TV's behind the bar, so I could catch the highlights of ASU Football blowing their bowl game, and see the Suns get destroyed by the Nuggets in pre season. I think the next time I come back will be to catch a big Suns game that I don't have tickets too, or take my date here and cab it home after some bar hopping around downtown Chandler.
4	Went here for the first time last night and it was great. Had the winter warmer which was a great winter beer that is served with ginger snaps and some hot wings. Wings were nice and crisp. They weren't as hot as I like(but I like really really hot) but the flavor was good and a little different from the norm in a good way. Service was great as well. Holding a 5th star until I can try a few more beers and food since I didn't sample much.
4	Great food, awesome beer, fantastic service...just a bit loud and away from other restaurants
4	I work in downtown Chandler and I must say that this restaurant is the most practical place to eat in the area.  The variety and portions of food will fit most pallets and budgets.  I would highly recommend the wings with blue cheese.  They are cooked just right, not burnt and not alarmingly hot, against just right.  The hamburger and fries are cooked to perfection if you simply want a great restaurant taste.  The food ranges from hummus to salsa to onion soup (not necessarily in that order).  The waitstaff is excellent.  The seating and service is prompt.  Usually the place is near full, but I have always managed to find a table.Lunch will generally run about $15.00 including tip and excluding alcohol.  If you want a safe bet in downtown Chandler, the SanTan Brewing Company is it.
5	Easy five stars if your in Chandler check this place out. Beer is good and continues to impress me they also think outside the norm when it comes to whisky selections. But most importantly the food is fantastic!
4	Great burgers at this joint! After I try the beers I bet I will bump it up to a 5!
4	Great beer selection here. Obviously by the name, you an tell that this place brews their own beer. My favorite is the Devil's ale which is an IPA I believe. Their stout is so so, but I think the barley wine is pretty good.  As for food, I've had the cobb salad, pizza, and tacos here before and they were all great. This place reminds me of BJ's but it's a local brewing company. I've also been here for St. Paddy's day celebration where they blocked off the whole downtown area for a party. All the different local breweries (from flagstaff) came out and we were able to sample beer. They also had beer pong tournaments which we played in and fun games like a tricycle race. The concert was pretty cool too.
5	Droooool
4	I am upping my score by one star just because I do happen to love their food more right now. Their pizza is phenomenal along with a few other things.  I shall try their burgers tonight because its been long enough to where I cant remember how good they might be. I know their turkey burger is amazing but its time for a change tonight.I tried the honey hot wings last time and wasn't impressed unfortunately.The other night I was feeling totally adventurous and risky! Sooo I tried the burger with the smoked gouda and bbq onions. Which had me confused because for once I cannot recall ever trying BBQ onions in my lifetime.  When they came after maybe 10 minutes later I didn't love the pairing of the gouda and bbq onions and ground bacon together. Now believe me ive had a 50/50 burger with ground beef and ground bacon. San tan does not compare to the original 50/50 in California in any size shape or fashion. It irritates me almost to even think back on how salty the burger was and the pairings with it did not work! AT ALL. i scraped off the onions and ate them with my fries which by the way was superb!So even though i gave them one extra star its mostly because their food has been hit or miss lately and i really love it when its on point and amazing.
4	If someone blindfolded me and took me here and uncovered my eyes, I would think I was at Four Peaks. It seriously is very similar in lots of ways and that is a very good thing. I love Four Peaks but Santan Brewery is a hop, skip & jump from where I live. Awesome!The food was good and came in large servings which made it great for sharing. The burgers are juicy and the fries are really good, similar to Four Peaks beer battered fries which I love. The nachos were huge with lots of assorted toppings. Wings were just okay though. I love honey hot wings but theirs wasn't the best. Other than that, everything else was yummy.At Four Peaks, I like their Hef and Peach Ale. They didn't have any Peach Ale or any fruity ale for that matter so I wanted to try their Hef.  Unfortunately on the night we went they were out of Hef but were offering BJs hef. Yes i do like BJs Hef but I've had it a million times and wanted to try one of their beers. So, I had an Amber Ale which was pretty good.So in summary, I think I just found my Four Peaks replacement. Sorry Four Peaks, Santan Brewery is so much closer!
5	Best beer in the East Valley, hands down.Some of the best food, as well.I hated mustard until I tried their spicy mustard. True Story.
5	SanTan has everything you could ask for in a brew pub. Great beer paired with a creative menu, friendly service, live music, outdoor seating. Great spot to bring friends or make new ones.
5	This is a great local brewery.  I always try to support local places and I LOVE that they not only brew their own beer here, but they don't forget about having delicious food to accompany the beer.  We came here on busy Friday night and were told that we would have to wait 45min to 1hr to be seated.  No biggie, we just went to the bar and got started on our drinks.  I actually think we were seated in closer to 30 minutes and our server was wonderful.  Here is what we all ordered and ALL of it is highly recommended: the Fish and Chips (huge pieces of fresh and crispy fish with deelish beer battered fries), Fish tacos (tasty grilled mahi mahi with a side of well seasoned black beans), Aegan burger (apparently the BEST burger my friend has ever tasted, we're getting it next time!), Nacho (very generous serving), and onion rings and zucchini (PERFECT onion rings with tasty - and maybe a little underseasoned - zucchini).  I highly recommend this place, good food, good drinks, and an all around great time.
5	This is a wonderful place to have some beer, food, or both. The service was great. The atmosphere is fun. The food is delicious. Everything was perfect. I ordered the Aegean burger and it ended up being the best burger I have ever had. It was thick and juicy, but cooked perfectly through. I cant stand the site of blood in food. The burger was cooked with olives and nuts. Topped with pesto and feta cheese. Each bright brought me closer to heaven. The thick french fries accompanying the burger were their own religious revelation. Cooked perfectly to be crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Even the jalapeno caesar salad was a new and pleasant experience. They are also not shy on their portions. I ended up happily leaving with food coma.
5	Nitrogenated black IPA. This brew kicks your favorite beer smack dab in the Disney spot and giggles while you weep over it's fizzy yellow corpse.
4	We went to downtown chandler to walk around and we took our dog Buddha with us since its a great outdoor area. Well we decided to grab lunch and saw that Santan Brewing had a great patio that was dog friendly! The server was very nice he even brought water for Buddha which we greatly appreciated. I ordered the Cochinita Pork Pibil served with rice and black beans, it was super tasty the pork was moist and tender and the rice and black beans had great flavor. John had the Fredo Shrimp N'awlins and wow it had such great flavor, it was a new orleans style pasta that had a cheese based sauce with a kick! The portions were very generous and we didn't have to wait long at all. Overall we will definitely be coming back!
5	Epicenter beer and a stuffed Aagean burger are by far my favorites from San Tan Brew. I recommend going a little early for dinner this place gets packed!!
4	Ordered the mushroom Swiss burger, thought it was supposed to be a stuffed buger but all toppings were on top, perhaps I mis read the menu? It was still delicious ordered salad for the side, have to be a little healthy right? Salad was very crisp and fresh! Went a second time and got a beer samplerer, not to big of a beer drinker but fell in love with three of seven so that must mean they are good!I loved the atmosphere and was pleased with the food and superb service, would definitely recommend this place.
5	Stopped in for some lunch last Saturday.  Place was pretty packed because of the BBQ Fest that was going on the same day.  That being said we did get seated right away.  This place had such an inviting atmosphere.  Super laid back and a great selection of beer.  They had an open patio bar which was nice to take advantage of the great weather and people watching.  I ordered the Club, and my husband ordered a pork dish.  I must say portions were huge and super tasty!  My club had thick chunks of turkey breast that tasted so juicy and right.  I would order that ten times over, yummy.  I also tried my husbands pork, and let me tell you, it was lip smacking good.  It came with a side of this pineapple habanero sauce that was kick-in! Beer was super good, and prices spot on for quality and service received.  Whenever in the area, I'll be back!
5	Wow. my salad (may have taken a little long) was the envy of the bar! Everyone wanted to know what i got.  The beer was great, but the service amazing. All were good, but AMANDA was GREAT! Wish i lived closer to come 2/3 times a week. Good job everyone.
5	Great service, Great food and Great Beer. I had a Heff that was awesome. My server recommended a turkey burger stuffed with cheese, basil, and kalamata olives topped with feta cheese with pesto aioli. AWESOMENESS. The atmosphere in and outside of the restaurant is great. Local shops are very cool and there is outdoor seating with a outdoor bar. The burger was $11 the beer was about $4. I liked it very much and will for sure go back again.
2	Had my first experience at SanTan on a Friday night. The food was ok, the beer was mediocre. Our server was exceptional, wish I could remember his name. I think the thing that really turned me off was how HOT it was. It was miserable trying to eat, drink and be merry while you're near sweating on a cool Arizona night. For the money you're better off going to Four Peaks where the food is incredible and the beer is tasty!
4	Sorry AZ, but I think San Tan has Four Peaks beat! They have always had excellent beer, but it seems over the past year or so the food has finally reached the same level. There are so many great and unique sandwiches and dishes to try. My favorites are the Great Chandler Burger or the Ricky Ricardo sandwich. Not the best bar to catch a game since the TVs aren't in the best locations, but for a great beer and burger, you cannot beat San Tan Brewery.
3	Not sure about all the hype.  This place had mediocre food and mediocre service.  No wow factor, but it does have a nice open air atmosphere.
4	Great location in old Chandler! Very cool building with a lot of history. The beers were all great and the food was really good, and plenty of it! We went on a Tuesday night and it really looked and felt like a Friday night with all the people!
2	Go here for the beer on happy hour.Otherwise, it's an overpriced bar with semi-decent food that's also overpriced.Avoid the pizza, Tombstone freezer grade.
4	After finding it on Yelp a year ago, I finally made it in this week. My first visit was for happy hour. The happy hour deals on food didn't seem like anything that great, so I ended up ordering the beef brisket sandwich because I was so hungry. The sandwich was good, but not earth-shattering. My hefeweizen was amazing though (I love quality beer straight from the brewery!). Cool joint, good atmosphere, great service, cool location, played good music overhead. Overall menu looked pretty solid. 4.5 star review. I'll return.
5	This review is based on the beer only, as we didn't order food. These beers were some of the best we had on our vacation! We got the sampler of them all, and they were all good with complex flavors of deliciousness! Their mimosa had their beer in it, which was a wonderful twist I will remember in the future. Their black IPA with nitrogen was great, and the stout was dark, thick but oh so smooth! Definitely recommend their beer if your in the area.
4	good beer and food was good. Not over the top great so I won't give a 5 but overall a solid brewery.
5	Best Burger I have ever had hands down!!!!  I had a mushroom burger filled with some exotic cheese in the center!!!!!  Beyond Amazing!  Chased down with a great beer!  They have quite a selection to choose from. Atmosphere great, service excellent, food to die for!!!!!  Wish there was one in Calif.:(
4	This has become my favorite spot in downtown Chandler. Beer is amazing and food is top notch. I love how the bartenders shake your hand and introduce themselves when you sit down. Love the Hopshock IPA. Piney and packs a kick!Negatives are a bit pricey and very LOUD inside. Oh well a very small price to pay for success.
1	Three strikes you're out. So I have been to Santan 3 times to try to eat and each time didn't make it passed my drinks. Why you may ask? Service is HORRIBLE!  Being in the service industry I can tell when places are busy and when servers are just down right awful. 2 of the times I was in I waited for my beer while servers sat and chatted, so headless beers I received. This to me alone wouldn't make me stand up and leave. The next thing always follows and I don't know why. The server happens to take every other tables order except ours. (tables that got  there after us mind you) I though hmmm, maybe because I am holding the menu, so I put it down ,nothing. Maybe because its open, I close it, nothing. All this while people get there fresh brews delivered with beautiful foamy heads. The best thing about it was the sunspot was a good beer, a killer headache after one, but a great beer none the lessSo unfortunately I will never recommend this place again, save your time and  take the extra 15 minute drive over to four peaks.
5	Came here after we couldn't get waited on at another place nearby.  Best decision ever.  The beers good, everyone knows that, but the food is good too.  They were super busy but the bartender took time to chat with us & we never wanted for anything.  Great old building too.  My friends mom worked there when it was valley nat'l bank, a long time ago!
3	Perfect example of a place that is an absolute 3.5 star.  C'mon Yelp!!Beer is just ok-- IPA is pretty good. Didn't like hefe--too heavy on banana flavor. Golden didn't do enough to stand out from macro brew. That leaves nothing good in the light range. Stick to the thicker brews.  in house brews on tap today with 1 nitrogen and I thnk 1-2 Cask.   pizza=really good perfect combo of thin& crispy with chewy. If u love extra crispy wood oven style- this isn't for you. However, they put focus on something I thinking pizza places have forgotten: crust with FLAVOR! Wow--I got convinced by a fellow customer to try their bloody Mary with stout (it was sunday after all) for dessert and that was quite good!
5	This is my favorite place to eat and hang out at in Chandler. The food is amazing and the people who work here are fantastic. I dont even know where to start with the food and beer because everything is seriously to die for. Brian, Mallory, Haley, Lindsay, Kim, Amanda, to be specific, are amazing, and blow me away with how friendly, courteous, and sweet they are. That is why I come to this place almost everyday. It's hard to find places nowadays that make you feel like your at home, they value your business, and care about what they are doing. The people who work here and owners definitely know what they are doing. If you have not been here yet, GO NOW. LOL
4	Really nice place in the apparently now-buzzing downtown Chandler area. I went with a group at around 11pm on a Friday night and got fantastic service. The beers are pretty good, although the portions are on the small side. They seem much less than a proper pint. I tried the stout and the red, and both were tasty albeit fairly benign.I didn't try the food, but someone in my group ordered wings about 15 minutes before the kitchen closed and they were very friendly about that. Some places will grumble when you try to order food that close to the buzzer.Great ambiance and plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.
4	Went here last night for a very late night dinner.  Who knew people still went out after 11pm for drinks and dinner in Chandler!  I feel like I've turned in to a fuddy-duddy... home by 7, in bed by 9 - what have I become!?!  Well we had just finished watching our friend's trapeze performance nearby and this was one of the few places that said it was open till 2am in Chandler... so here we came at about 10pm... had to wait a few minutes to get patio seating.  I can't believe they were that busy.  Gawd, I'm old... and slightly lame.Anywhooo... my friend from work, a bit of a beer snob, had told me that if I wanted to enjoy their beers, I should try the Epi-Devil (50/50 Epicenter & Devil's Ale), so I did.  Everyone else got Devil's Ale and the Pineapple Hefe... mine, by far, was the most well-rounded, palatable beer... my friend was right, the 50/50 mix helps tame the hop-piness of Devil's Ale and I really enjoyed my beer.I got the Chandler Street Tacos and did enjoy the filling, just not the lame flour tortilla.  You'd think that street tacos was not a neighborhood staple.. I mean, come on, we're on Arizona Ave, well known for all it's Mexican food joints and plenty of taco stands and you serve so-called street tacos with FLOUR tortillas?  Really?  Anyway, if they had done corn tortillas, I'd given the tacos alone 5 stars because they were pretty damn yummy... 4 star tacos for using flour tortillas.  Oh yeah and the beans were not tasty at all.. and hubby's tortilla soup was downright gross.. but his Pulled Pork Sandwich was very good.  So.. I guess they are more successful with their main dishes and their sides are just 'no bueno'.Service was excellent - cute server gal, quick, friendly, did her job well.  The atmosphere was alive, energetic, young, but well-balanced with some older folks and some young'ns.  A bit loud, but then again, it is a bar.. I'd come back again for an Epi-Devil and try some burgers, after all, I did enjoy the meats and flavors.. Mohammad N. really does describe their burgers quite well and I'd love to try one of them.
5	Sometimes you have to give a restaurant a second chance.  We ate here years ago when visiting the area and thought is was OK.  Since moving to Chandler last year we have been back several times and have been very impressed with both the food and the service.  Our waitress, Tabitha, mentioned that they have had a "renewal" of sorts around new items & new chef.  I cannot go to this restaurant and not order the southwest fried chicken, which is one of the best plates I have ever had anywhere!If you had a similar experience a few years ago, you might want to revisit Santan Brewing Co.  Also nice that we can bring our little silky terrier to the patio.
4	Pretzels and hard cider not a bad way to start Cinco de Mayo.  Ok I know this is not Mexican food or drink but just waiting for a table next door at the Mexican Restaurant.This place is happening.  Crowded with people hanging out with familyand friends.  Who said Chandler wasn't fun.  Not me.
4	The BF and I really like this place!  The fish tacos are amazing!  Fun atmosphere, BF loves the beer, Margaritas are decent, but nothing great.  Happy hour starts at 2pm which is nice because a lot of times when were get out for lunch it's after 2.  Servers are friendly and helpful.  Definitely recommend!
5	Incredible beer! Best I've had from local Arizona brewery, hands down. I like 4 Peaks, but this is better. I've not had there food, so this is solely based on beer and service. The wait staff has been very knowledgeable and pleasant every time I've been, only 3 times, and don't ever act snobby about the beer.
5	Super friendly staff, great food and superb beers. Loved the cilantro lime hummus and nachos with pork, which I downed with a Devil's Ale and a Mr. Pineapple (seasonal), right after trying their 7x4oz brew sampler. I'm a fan now!
4	Everyone loves Santans! This brewery produces some wonderful beer (although watch the hang over in the morning if you drink too many of them!) and has awesome bar food (beer bread/batter anyone!?) They usually have live music on Friday or Saturday and it gets pretty crowded - it's always a good time!
5	What a brewpub should be.  The beers are great. The food, the Slingers (wow) & the service is all top rate.  Lisa, the server was very helpfull. I need say no more.
5	Was visiting AZ  this weekend for a business trip and staying in Chandler. Wanted to visit a brewery pub. So i searched on yelp and found San Tan Brewery. All i can say is im glad i found this place. There beer was really tasty and i enjoyed all of them. There food was was awesome. I would have to say i think the bacon cheese burger was one of the best burgers i have ever had. This place really has there service down. I sat near the kitchen. Cooks really got there orders out quick. Also servers were on top of all the orders thanks to the guy expediting all the orders. Overall a great dining experience with my girlfriend. Will definetly visit again when in the area. Thanks San Tan Brewery. MKC
1	Brought large group.  Told 30 minute wait. Bought beer when waiting. Horrible service.  They couldn't care less how long we waited.  Finally split us up.  Really what you want when you have family in town.  Our fault we didn't leave.  Unfortunate that the hostesses are clueless.   Don't bother coming here if you want service.
4	They don't advertise the happy hour well.  Check out the bottom left of the menu.
4	A friend and I went for after work drinks about 6PM on a Friday.  Not a whole lot of parking and there was about a 30 minute wait, but it was peak time on a Friday night so that is to be expected.  Our server was great, there was never a dirty glass on our table ( how many bus boys do the have!) and we enjoyed our brews.  I've been a fan of Four Peaks Hop Knot for awhile, and found San tan's Hop Shock a great competitor, I really don't know which is more delicious.We shared the Santan Slingers, which were awesome.  They arrived quickly and nice and hot.  I enjoyed this trip, Will be back.
4	My husband and I met some friends here on a Friday night around 6. First, the parking sucks! There just isn't any. Second, it's packed so expect to wait for a table. The food however was great or at least what we ordered was. I ordered the shaved rib eye cheese steak and it was so good I couldn't believe it! They make it with shaved ribeye some kind of good cheese, banana peppers all on their own beer bread which is kind of like pita bread but made with their beer. It's is so good! My husband thinks the banana peppers make it too spicy so he opts to not have them on his. I think the amount of spiciness it adds is perfect. We also got the nachos on their app menu and the nacho portion was huge!!!!! It had all kinds of stuff you would expect to see on Nachos. Sour Cream, guac, tomatoes, olives, beef, and I think it even had black beans. I would recommend them if you like nachos.We also got the pork pibble one time when we went. It's excellent. I think it was on a special they had that night. It's a spicy roasted pork that they serve with black beans and tortillas. The kids loved the chicken tenders and the sliders. The chicken was juicy and they weren't those frozen pieces that come out of a bag. The portion size was good also. My recommendation is, if you don't like waiting then go early or don't go on the weekend.
5	we visited SanTan on a very busy afternoon, this past week, and despite the crowds, we received exceptional service all around.we sat down and immediately ordered our appetizers and first drink(we wanted to get our order in before Happy Hour ended). within 5-6 minutes, our food was on the table, fresh and hot.we had the pineapple habanero bbq wings(sweet and sticky, with the flavor, but not the heat, of habanero). I'd also requested two extra sides of hot sauce, expecting Frank's Red Hot...nope! I received what can only be assumed to be a house-made hot sauce. it was tangy, spicy(but not unbearable), and chock full of flavor and spices.we also ordered the house-made cilantro hummus platter...replete with TONS of fresh, delicious beer bread(like pita, but more flavorful), tortilla chips(salty and good), plenty of kalamata olives, cucumbers, and grape tomatoes.and the soft pretzels(served with nacho cheese and beer mustard) were great! tons of salt, a nice coating of butter, and the mustard was flavorful and delicious.hubby ordered the special--Bayou Skewers--for his meal. WOW. charred, smoky, herby chicken, tomatoes, pearl onions, peppers, and CORN(omg yum), all skewered and served with a 'cajun aioli'(which was a bit bland...we added some of the aforementioned hot sauce, and that fixed it).as for the beers...I started with Mr Pineapple(light, fresh, fruity...perfectly refreshing on a hot day), followed by the Nitron IPA(dark, hoppy, a bit bitter, but rich and delicious), and ended with the Gordo Stout(a little watery, but flavorful...chocolatey, coffee flavors).overall, this was fantastic. our server was attentive(my husband's soda was always full) and friendly, and everything was delicious and prompt. definitely will be returning :)
3	Been here a few times now. I really love the atmosphere and customer service. I feel totally comfortable bringing my 3 and 5 year old kids here even though it's a brewery. Always lots of families.The brews are always on point. My favs are the Devil'sale and their Hefe...delicious! Also had the seasonal Mr. Pineapple at their anniversary recently and that was very good too.Where they lose 2 stars for me is the food. I've yet to enjoy a dish I've ordered. It's really disappointing.
4	Nice place to grab a bite to eat and a good beer in downtown Chandler!  They have a great happy hour - $3,75 drafts and $6 appetizers (that are big enough to be your entire meal).  The bartenders are extremely friendly too!
3	Went with my daughter (5) for a business meeting. I had to order something for dinner for her and I asked about the soup of the day. The waitress said it was chipotle something and I asked if it was spicy for a kid and she said no. At least she was kind enough to bring a sample. It was spicy even for me.So I ordered the hummus. Spicy as well :(I ended up ordering the naked burger with cheese and it was just OK.
4	Always a great time at SanTan even when it's packed. Stopped in for a snack of pub pretzels and a frosty beer. We both had the Mr. Pineapple seasonal brew and it was quite tasty. I love that SanTan always has something different going on AND they are always working with someone in the community on a charitable mission. They sure know how to make downtown Chandler look good for all of us. Thanks SanTan!!
3	beer is okay. I had a sampler and the best beer was a guest brew. Not a good way to start the meal. Food was forgettable. I live in tempe. two blocks from four peaks. I don't see myself coming back. BUT... if I ever sold out and moved to the far east valley I cold see myself going here as I wait to die. But the only way I'd end up in the far east valley is if i was stomping some houses.
4	HOLY SUNDAY BRUNCH BATMAN! I've reviewed SanTan before for the regular Saturday night, beer/food type of evening and it is indeed great. But look out Saturday night, here comes Sunday! Their mimosa's are made with their Hef/OJ/Champagne - great!Their mojitos are STELLAR! (hand muddled, fresh mint delicious!)Breakfast burrito was amazing, made with beer brats...They serve 10am-2pm for Brunch and it wasn't that crowded at 11am, making it the perfect reason to get buzzed and gorge on the day of rest.
3	I like craft brews but this place really doesnt do it for me.  I find most of their beer too big and unbalanced.  I think four peaks has a much better product and scene if you can get a seat.  San Tan feels dirty and it is not very comfortable place to relax and chill out.  The food is OK but I just cannot get over their beer.
4	I've been to San Tan Brewery a few times and have had good expeiences overall. My favorite beer is the Mr. Pineapple! One of the best beers I have ever had in my entire life!!! The food is also good and offers a lot of variety. I particularly like the daily selection choices. My favorite dish has been the street tacos. Staff is also very friendly and has a good overall vibe.
5	One of our favorite places ever!  Always great quality food and service.  I like that there seems to always be a manager type who walks around checking to make sure customers are happy.  Love the burgers and the beers.  Really no need to go here for anything else, but they also have a very creative menu.  We haven't tried the brunch yet, but from the other comments, that sounds like a winner too.  Always a great time at San Tan.
2	It was ok, really disapointed with the service. They had so much staff walking around and no one bothered to refill our drinks. Our food took over an hour, I had to flag down a server to ask how long till our food should be done.. came to find out that our ticket was lost. great place, but need to work on service/operation.
5	Great Food, Great Beer, it is usually packed with customers for a reason. Both times I went there was a live band playing.  You can't go wrong here, love this place.
5	Currently in love.  Sorry honey, there's a new someone in my life.
4	When ever we are in Gilbert/Chandler we hit San Tan several times.  All of the beers are very good if not quite up to the best of the microbreweries around the country.  The food is excellent pub fare!  We've enjoyed every meal we have had there.  If you like crispy wings, order them fired then grilled, fantastic!
5	What Can I say...I love their BEER and their FOOD! It is a perfect combo. My favorite beer is their Epicenter, but all the others are good to. I have tried a variety of different menu items and never ordered anythig I did not like. The staff has always been nice and friendly. They have a great patio. I highly recommend this joint to all. Don't forget Monday night is movie night and they have a facebook app letting you know about specials and what not.
5	Even though I love the burgers I decided to branch out and try something else today and man am I ever glad I did.  I ordered the Baja shrimp tacos which put my mouth in a world of happiness because of their great grilled flavor and that wonderful smoky chipotle crema.  Holy moley....can I have a jar of that for my eggs in the morning??!!  Really nice.  A little heat, but not too much, and the shredded cabbage was nice and fresh in the tacos.  Perfect for a hot afternoon.Mr. M ordered the Smokehouse Pork Belly Burger, which made us both remember why Homer Simpson calls the pig a magical animal.  This is an amazing burger!  Smoked bacon ground with beef topped with some gouda and BBQ onions?  Are you kidding me?  Mouthwateringly delicious!We had to try the Count Hopula and were not disappointed.  It made me think of a Guinness on hop steroids.  Nice.  Then I had to have a Pome-rita with my tacos and oh lordy....this is one of those drinks that goes down way too well with its Cabo Wabo Blanco.  Help me but I think I might have stuck a $5 bill in our server's pants.....He was wonderful.  The meal was wonderful.  Already looking forward to our next visit.
5	I love San Tan Brewery!!! Their beer is great, their food is excellent and the staff is top notch!!! Their chef is always whipping up a lunchtime special that just rocks. And don't forget their seasonal beers too!!! I highly recommend them!!!
5	This place rules! The food was amazing, the beer delicious and the service top notch. Great music playing as well! And with lots of things to choose from, we will be back again and again!
4	We headed to Historic Downtown Chandler for an art opening at the Chandler Center for the Arts last Friday night. We were a little early (of course, we planned it that way!), so we headed to Santan Brewing Company for a light dinner and a beer. It was my first foray into the historic district and into Santan. 5:30 on a Friday is probably not the most sensible time to be looking for a quick dinner and drinks. But, as busy as they were, we were seated immediately and beers were in our hands before we could blink!I settled on the special Abbey and downtown sliders. I was stuffed with just two of the sliders and some wonderful big, fat, tasty hot fries. The fries tasted like real potatoes and not frozen prefabricated cardboard. My taste buds rejoiced with a nice rich dark Abbey to wash it all down.We were served quickly and pleasantly by our server - Joey - and made it to the art opening across the street with plenty of time to spare. One star down for the noise level.  Go to Santan Brewing Company to enjoy the food and beer . . . don't go for long, in-depth conversations with your dining companions. On a Friday night, after a long week of work, it will take far too much heavy concentration to hear across the table. I think this was the loudest restaurant I have ever been in. But the food & drink were well worth waiting to solve the world's problems until we were back outside.
5	I love San Tan Brewing Company! Oh.... Am  I supposed to say more? We I enjoy the food but the real reason I come here is the BEER! It feels great to support local and get a little buzzed in the process ; )
4	Great Amber Ale, good food selection and quality, excellent relaxed yet energized atmosphere.  Good bang for the $.  Go there.
4	this needed an update since i gained respect for ipa's. shocktop is one of the best.
5	Awesome local ale house tucked in downtown chandler. This is true gem. Was staying next door hotel and bar closed so early there, but all hotel staffs were heading to santan, so I followed. My fav was devil's ale. Name says all. Can't beat after a long run around the course and meetings all morning. Outdoor seating is nice, has this most machine tha keeps me cool.Staff was friendly and service was fast...and they were good looking. This is actually good place for casual biz aft five.
4	Beer is pretty dang good (I'm more a fan of four peaks, but still very good), food is great too, they're just a little too proud of it price wise.
5	Great food and even better beer. Staff are always friendly.  My favorite microbrewery in the Valley.
4	Have heard about this place from several friends and decided to try it out. The beer was excellent and there was a wide selection. I tried the jalapeno burger, and it had quite a quick, and was an above average burger. Another thing I liked is the menu seemed to offer many different types of food. While I still prefer Four Peaks, this place holds its own.
2	So overrated! I had my birthday dinner here and they messed up almost everything. My friend had croutons on her salad despite ordering it gluten-free, my sister's burger was burned to a crisp, they gave my grandma jalapenos on her sandwich which was ordered without them. The beer is good but other than that it's a no. They allow smoking on the patio and the smell gets into the restaurant and it is so gross. Go to Four Peaks instead
4	I really like this place! Great selection of beer and it is yummy. They have a good appetizer called san tan slingers. They reminded me of chinese rolls but soft....these things you do not find anywhere....usually out of the country. So that was a plus. Great atmosphere and great ummm view?
2	Beer wasn't great and the menu was pretty lame... I expected a much better menu. Very disapointing. Gordon beirsch looks like fine dinning in comparison... I won't be back.
4	This place is great if you are in the mood for an excellent craft beer. I personally like HopShock which is, you guessed it hoppier than ever. Also if you visit during Sept/Oct you can try their Count Hopula. Its got a great ruby red color and its pretty bitter with a  high alcohol contentAs for the food no complaints here. Their burgers are amazing and the BBQ sauce is to die for. my fiance asked for two extra servings!!
3	SanTan is a regular lunch place for me and my coworkers. My favorite thing on the menu is the appetizer sliders, so it's what I'd recommend. One of my coworkers recommends the club sandwich on wheat; he craves it! But otherwise, everything else is just food, to put it simply. Not bad, but not a blast to the tastebuds either. The best part about this place is the atmosphere. It's a quaint but adequately loud sports bar with a bit of local flare, and I've heard it gets pretty busy on weekend nights. The beer, home brewed, is also good, but not my fav in the city (Four Peaks wins that one hands down).
5	San Tan Brewing Co was packed this evening.  My first time here and been in AZ 22 years.  Love this place.  Had the special shaved rib eye sandwhich with beef stew as a side.  It was delicious!  Tried my kids burger and street tacos - they too were excellent.  Had the Gordon Stout which was very rich and smooth.  Would recommend this place for regulars and vacationers alike.
4	Good food but small menu & too loud for big families but fun atmosphere and the beer is great!! Take a growler home too!Count Hopula Beer in October is a personal favorite.. Fun night crowd as well..
2	The beer and most of the food is great. However, the wife and I were in the mood for pizza and I suggested we try one at SanTan Brewing. We ordered the Buffalo Chicken Pizza. The pizza came as we enjoyed some of their great beers. My first thought was that it was the wrong pizza. It did not look like there was any chicken on it. After spotting a couple bumps under the cheese we gave it a try. What a letdown. It had so little chicken, very little buffalo flavor and the crust was mushy in the center. I have become spoiled by the Buffalo Chicken Pizza at a nearby pizza joint, Nicantoni's.We were pretty silent about the pizza till the wife asked what I thought. I rarely have a strong opinion and lean toward being nice but could not help myself on this one. This pizza is NOT a winner.Though this will not stop me from going to Santan since I know they do a decent job on many other items, atmosphere and beer. Lesson learned that when in the mood for pizza stick to what you already know is a winner......you local pizza joint.
5	LOVE this place. Great for anyone - even families. Excellent home brewed beer - I tried one kind and couldn't even try another - it was too good and I had to keep ordering it. The fish and chips are INCREDIBLE. Everyone I've ever went with here has loved it. Went with people who had never been, and even THEY were all sold. They've been back several times without us, even. You'll pay a little but well worth it. Even their appetizers are fantastic - sliders, and the hummus! Oh yes.
4	Great beers, good regular menu--try the Pork Enchiladas.  I can always find something here, but the daily specials are where San Tan really shines.Close to home and good variety.  San Tan is family-oriented but PLEASE leave your kids at home after 8pm...what is wrong with you people?
5	I must update my first review of San Tan.  After visiting many breweries in the state this is probably still my favorite local brewery.  First off I like that it's in an old bank in downtown Chandler.  I also like that they have garage style doors behind the bar so you can have fresh air inside.2nd is the beer.  It's amazing!  I think the Negro Nitrogen black IPA is one of my favorite beers of all time!  It's like a cross of a ipa and a smooth stout.  I love this beer!  I also love their seasonal imperial red.  Lately I have been buying the Devils Ale and Hopshock IPA in cans for home.  I don't think I have bought any other beer for a while.  There are many other beers here and I like most of them.Lastly the food is really really good.  Especially their burgers.  They are stuffed with cheese and are amazing.I wish I lived closer to San Tan.  I'm lucky my brother in law does live close though so I always attempt to come down here when I'm visiting family.
5	I love this place! We went last night with another couple, and we were not disappointed. We started off with the Cilantro Lime Hummus appetizer. It was really tasty, and I liked that it came with different items to dip in the hummus: tortilla chips, flatbread, olives, tomatoes, and cucumbers. I had the California Black Bean veggie burger for my meal. It was delicious. The toppings were a great combination of tastes... lettuce, tomato, cheese, and guacamole.I enjoyed a Railslide beer for my first beverage. It is a very nice winter beer. Lightly spiced, but not too dark. After that, I tried the blueberry lemonade cocktail. It was a really nice drink and not too sweet.I have always had really good service at this place. It does get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights but now that I know they take reservations, that should resolve the waiting issue. :-) Another reason I like this place is because they are dog friendly! They allow dogs anywhere on their patio, which is awesome, especially now that we are in prime patio season.
5	Great beer, service and food.   Long time customers.   Love this place and their staff.
5	We've gone here quite a few times and every time its great! My boyfriend loves the beer and we always get burgers because they're just that good. Prices are moderate; roughly $11.00 per person for food, throw in a few more dollars for a beer. It can be pretty loud on a weekend night but hey, its not only a bar, its brewery! Atmosphere is fun and service is always friendly.
4	Good bar food, some items much better than others.  For example their chip trio is horribly bland plain cheese and flavorless guacamole while their habanero pineapple pulled pork BBQ pizza is amazing and loaded with flavor, so pick wisely.Beer is great, my favorites are both seasons unfortunately.  The winter warmer and their Oktoberfest both are their best beer by far IMO. Service is acceptable, yet never memorable by any means.  The place is good lookin and its get packed.  The worst part about the environment is how obserdly LOUD this place gets.  For the love of god, get some sound dampening along the ceiling!  I like things loud, but you can't hold a convo with friends on the weekends without yelling in this place.  We usually pick the patio regardless of weather when we go here so we can relax a bit more, except when people are smoking. My only constructive feedback would be:- Keep improving the menu- Make Oktoberfest beer permanent!- INVEST IN SOUND DEADENING!It's a great place in old T chandler to hang out and enjoy good beer and food.  Chandler is lucky to have a great brewery like this!
5	Hands down, best brewery in Az. Great food, excellent beers. Been coming here since they opened and Im glad I live close.
5	This place is dangerous!  This is how my nights usually go when I go to SanTan: Somebody, "Hey lets go grab a brew at San Tan" Somebody else, "Okay, sounds good."  Sounds innocent doesn't it!Fast-forward 5hours, many beers and new acquaintances later, and we are dancing at one of the less than fine establishments down the road.  It seriously never fails!  I love their beer, especially the Devil's Ale and their stout.  Good beer+good people=Good times!  I will continue to come back!
4	I have only been here once, but I really liked it.  The brewery is very clean and modern and has ample amounts of tvs for sports watching.  The beers here are good, but nothing spectacular.  The food was great!  I ordered a sonoran hot dog and man was it a hit!  Overall I would definitely recommend coming here to hang out with some friends and drink some brewskis:)  Too bad it's so far from me.
5	Great American grub! Great service, too..
5	The food (is better than most breweries) and beer selection is top notch, service is friendly, and we can always count on running into some friends as this place is always promoting a great experience! Looking forward to our next visit!
4	Great beer selection and pretty good food! If you're at all into craft beer this the place to go. Brand brews, seasonals and some additional options. Dinner is very busy on weekends so plan ahead.
4	Great food! The Stuffed Mushroom Burger is the best in the state! Especially when you ask to have it served on a pretzel bun. Yum! I would give this fantastic place 5 stars if they would at least offer plain iced tea as opposed to flavored and if our server didn't sit on the table top next to us to take our order. Yuck!
5	Can Mr Pineapple be year-round?  Please. I love this place.  It's always packed full.  I've never not waited here & that sucks.  Maybe try making a reservation?  The wait is worth it though... just grab a beer at the bar... please don't order a mixed drink or wine.  BEER. Food is great.  I stick with the pizza.  I've had the pretzels but they weren't life-changing.Be prepared.  It gets super loud on the weekends as the night goes on... you won't be able to hear anyone next to you unless they're shouting or you read lips.
5	Great beer selection and the food is solid as well.  Right in the middle of downtown Chandler, its a great place for lunch, dinner or just to hang out. Sux the way this small town brewery was treated by BIG BAD BOSTON LAGER SAM ADAMS a while back because San Tan's original custom beer glass happened to have been designed using similar science to the SAMMY curved glass.  Amazing that corporations quickly forget their roots and where they came from. The San Tan glass was way cool, and I managed to buy some over the years and apparently before they were all gone thanks to big corporate buffoonery.  That glass was a San Tan Original but no more thanks to big money corporate east coast lawyers.  Sad so sad.Anyway, back to this great bar and restaurant.  Its fantastic.  Stay downtown next time you are in town and make sure you stop in here.  You will love San Tan. Late afternoon in Downtown Chandler sucking down a craft brew on the patio at San Tan .... Priceless.  Oh and you can sit outside on the patio at San Tan sipping that craft brew watching the day go by downtown in February!  Something you CANNOT do in BOSTON in February!  Ha!  Prosit!
2	I stopped by here for lunch on recommendation that their bar food was better than average.  I ordered their bacon burger with fries, ice tea.  The ice tea was peachy in taste, which I do not care for.  What ever happened to good Pekoe ice tea!!!  The burger was ordered well done, however was delivered with raw meat in the center.  I know I may be particular, but I am paying for this and my expectations are not over the top with simple cooking.  Overall the fries were very good.  The place was excessively loud, another place where you pay for the privilege of yelling at your dinner companion....which I do NOT care for.  Wont be back!!
4	Really Good.  We sat outside, but was a bit cold, so asked to move in.  10 minutes later, had a table inside.  Had the Grille Cheese, and the Mac and Cheese with pulled pork.  ALOT OF FOOD.  Great value and well worth it.  Had lunch the next day.  Really good, will be back again
5	Someone needs to invent a teleportation machine stat.  Why you ask?  So I can transport my ass from Chicago to Phoenix and get to San Tan Brewing.  We came here with friend we were visiting on our Chicago - Phoenix road trip.  The underlying theme of this road trip was local and craft beer.The beer here was the best local craft beer we had on our trip.  We loved it so much we bought the mixed 12 pack and a growler of the seasonal brew to take home with us.  I loved the hefeweizen.  I'm a big fan of wheat beers, and this might very well be my new all time favorite.  I loved the underlying banana flavor!As if great beer weren't enough, our food was spectacular as well.  I ordered the San Antonio Mac n Cheese - mac n cheese with brisket and cornbread topping?!?!  Yes, please!  I'm not normally a big fan of brisket, but brisket + mac n cheese = omg!  The portion was absolutely huge too.  My friend Jessie and I both ordered it, and we easily could have split one.  The boys were happy we didn't though because they got to snack on the leftovers later that night.The prices were really reasonable too.  It was under/ around $100 for two flights, four meals, a kids meal, a growler and a 12 pack!
5	The best brewery in the valley hands down.  When I first moved to Phoenix almost 5 years ago this was one of the first places I went and I've been coming back ever since.  Great tasting craft beers along with exceptional seasonals.  My two favorites being Mr. Pineapple and the Winter Warmer.  But you can't really go wrong with any of their beers.  Also, the food is fantastic.  Their pizzas are great and well pretty much everything else is tasty as well.  I love the location in downtown Chandler.  The eclectic, artsy vibe down there is quite refreshing compared to the Mill Ave / Old Town Scottsdale one.  The ONLY minor downgrade is the parking situation which can be a little frustrating due to the amount of people who venture to the downtown Chandler area.  However, it hasn't stopped me from going to San Tan once.  If theres one place I always recommend to people new to the area, its San Tan.
2	Good food, even better beer, but absolutely atrocious service. I actually got concerned that I had truly become invisible and got worried. Nope, hadn't. Just incredibly ignored. Not just a one time deal either. Shame being that what they have to offer is so good.
4	A friend recommended trying this place, and I'm glad he did.  It was definitely worth the drive down from Phoenix to Chandler.  I loved the decor from the old Valley bank building with the vault door and the safe-deposit box bench seating.  The food menu is better than you would expect including some specials of the night.  I was back and forth between several items including a pork chop special and the Southwestern Fried chicken.  The bartender encouraged me to try the chicken and it was quite tasty coming with spiced up mashed potatoes and flavorful texas corn.  I went for the sampler platter of beers as well, and needless to say, I left full and happy.  I even added one of their fine San Tan glasses for my pint collection.  As for the beers, I really enjoyed the Epicenter Ale and the Negro Nitron (nitrogenated Black IPA) and seasonal and interestingly named Sex Panther (porter).
4	Excellent food and beer. Service did not seem a priority, even for lunch when it was not super busy. I do not particularly care for the prevailing atmosphere of bars/brewpubs currently which is "super loud music no matter the time of day" but otherwise the large open doors are nice while the weather is not too hot. In the end though, it's the food and drink that matter most and the pork enchiladas and beers are all top notch.
1	Was enjoying a nice afternoon spending money enjoying the Supercross race when one of the managers said they don't play "motorcross". So with that I'm never going back to San Tan brewery. Guess a basketball game that's on 6 other tvs is not enough for a couple paying customers.
4	Been to San Tan Brewing Co. several time. They have very good  Stout beer. This time there Gordo Stout have coffee in it to make make it like and Irish Stout.The food is good for pub food. I had a half roasted baroque chicken with bake beans and french fries. My wife had there black bean burger with fries. Fairly noisy but what can you expect on a Saturday night. We'll go back as long as there making good beer.
5	Hands down, best brewery in the East Valley! It's a pretty bold statement, but they win based on atmosphere. Indoor and outdoor seating (complete with bar seating)...some of the other outdoor patrons had their dogs with them. I don't have any pets but I can appreciate when a business allows others to allow them outside with their owners while enjoying a good meal and brews.The food is awesome (pork enchiladas!!) and the menu has great variety. Burgers, tacos, sandwiches, pizza, mac and cheese, $5 kids meals...you're bound to find more than one thing that you want to order. Beers...yes please. I like the HopShock, but now Mr.Pineapple is out so we have been drinking that. If you can't make up your mind, you can't go wrong getting the sampler.The location is great and parking has never really been a problem. The last time we were there I had to drive around a bit (Sunday afternoon) but we were able to find a spot on the way back around. I just wish we lived a little bit closer...but that could be dangerous since I would be here all.the.time.
5	5 stars all-around.  The BBQ pork / jalapeno pizza I'm telling you was so darn good.  The "slingers" are awesome, fried cheese and bacon bit egg rolls with raunch dipping sauce.  I mean it allowed me to drink like 4 more glasses.  AWESOME.  The beers were awesome.  1 of 3 days I was there I got some warm beer shooters on the sampler paddle, and then they hit me up with a $2.00 surcharge for "gravy" for the enchiladas.  I mean that is just retarded and I pointed out the half-a-grand we spent with clients over 3 days so they removed the beer sampler.  So I gotta follow-thru on 5 stars.  As a former waiter / bartender in college I am real pragmatic.  And this place makes it obvious why they had a line at 8:30 p.m. Friday and the Pubic House nearby wasn't.  GREAT WORK.  Dynamite.  Great job.  Impeccable service.
5	Stopped here tonight for the first time. Wow. Good food. Good drinks. I had the bangers and mash which were not your typical English fare. They come on top of poblano pepper mashed potatoes with a green Chile gravy and Southwest style corn. Amazing! So good I would have taken a whole jar of the green Chile gravy home. My fiance had the Hamberguesa which is the (as you guessed it) spicy Mexican spin on their burger. I tried a bite which was delicious. Crispy jalapenos on top along with red pepper aioli, yum. The meat itself also had a great flavor.I also had the Strawberry Marilyn Monroe Mojito which was so good. It was a combo of strawberry vodka, Mr. Pineapple beer, champagne and OJ. While I wouldn't really call that a mojito because of the lack of rum, after two or three I don't care what I would call it. If I become a regular here (which I plan to) I will simply start referring to it as the triple M with strawberry. Strawberry Marilyn Monroe Mojito is simply to many words.Service was good despite it being a busy Saturday evening. I will be back.
5	great service, great food and the best beer
5	Really good beer. Awesome environment. Try the hummus! We had a great time here. Can't wait to come back!
4	This is a great place to get food in downtown Chandler!  I have had quite a few things off the menu and you really can't go wrong.  The patio is a great spot to enjoy the Arizona sunshine and really just people watch.I am a big fan of the Hefe here.  It is delicious and if you ask they will give it to you with an orange which makes it taste AMAZING!  The only con is that it is always crowded and it gets pretty loud at night.  Make sure you allow some wait time if you want to eat here.Overall though, a pretty solid brewery!
3	I always have to try fish & chips when i go to a pub. And I am almost always disappointed. This was one of those times. Recipe seemed decent, but by the time I got my food, the fish was cold. I will say that for as crowded as this place is for lunch, they defy physics and still are able to deliver. They must serve over 500 hundred people every day for lunch. Amazing.Any who, just your standard pub... nothing to write home about.
5	I suggest the BBQ pork with pineapple pizza with habanero sauce, bomb diggity! Mr P beer to wash it down!
4	Great place to have nice cold one! Nowadays, with me getting old and friends buying houses in Gilbert, I think this will provide a great midway hangout spot.The food was good and the beers were taststy and cold and the waiting staff were just great! I am trying to remember what I had that night... but...had too much that night to recollect anything.
5	This is some of the best food and beer in the Phoenix metro area.  I highly recommend the pork enchiladas.As for the beer, I'm a huge fan of Epicenter amber.
4	Always liked this place - they had a seasonal beer ("pineapple"?) that was extremely tasty, my last trip to AZ that's all I had. Their menu is great too - their stuffed burgers are delicious. They also have a sausage/hot dog which was unconventionally VERY tasty!
3	So, I had the "Carne Asada Chimichanga With Rice & Beans" it may be my fault for ordering a Chimichanga at a Bar but it was part of the Beer Week so they had a  Chimichanga & Beer pairing so I decided to try it. It was not good at all sadly. Now it wasn't horrible but it was not good. My friends ordered  Burgers they seemed to enjoy theirs but since I didn't try it I can't quote on it. The beer from SanTan it always good so I enjoyed that. I'll go back one day not sure if it will be anytime soon thou.
5	My favorite brewery to visit in AZ. SanTan has great food, good beer & fun atmosphere. I highly recommend the Ricky Ricardo Cuban Sandwich & Epicenter Amber Ale or Gordo Stout. When vendors take me & my team out for lunch or happy hour we almost always choose SanTan. They also in my opinion have the best seasonal/specialty beers in the state (Sex Panther, Rail Slide, Mr. Pineapple, Night of the Living Red).
5	LOVE this place! It brews excellent beer, is easier to access than Four Peaks and the staff is friendly! The first time I came here was on NYE we miraculously got a table for 6 and it was a excellent kick off for the night. My husband and I like going here for the atmosphere and the beer haven't had too much of the food but what I have had was delicious. A+ Great job every time.
4	Great service, cold beer (Mr. Pineaple, yum!). My cousin ordered the Smokehouse Pork Belly Burger and loved it. How can you go wrong really? And I ordered the Cochinita Pork Pibil and it was quite tastey. The place was packed for a Wednesday night and it definitely reminded me of (dare I say it...) Four Peaks but I felt that their menu was more diverse than that other brewery of which I am highly loyal but definitely better food options here. I don't get into Old Town Chandler often as I live in Scottsdale but I would go out of my way again soon to get a 2nd visit under my belt.
2	Yuck!  For a place this crowded, I had thought it would be better.  We got one of the Negro Nitron beers.  SOUR and unappealing.  Then we tried a Gordo Stout, hoping it might be somewhat guiness-like in nature.  This too was sour.  Finally, I went with an old standby, Mr. Pineapple, which I normally like.  I don't know if this was a bad batch or what, but all I could taste was fermented orange juice.  The margharita pizza had way too much cheese.... instead of being light and delicate it was heavy and too filling. The pretzels were amazing, but not amazing enough to give it a higher rating.  The other completely annoying thing is that they have way too many chairs and tables crammed into that space.  The wait staff and the customers cannot walk through without bumping seated patrons constantly or knocking women's purses off the backs of their chairs.  All around disappointing.  Won't be back.
3	I dropped into SanTan on a recent visit to Chandler, one of several breweries I had hoped to visit on my trip but it wound up being the only one.  I wasn't quite as impressed I'd hoped based on the Yelpitude.Like pretty much everything else in this part of the world, it's in a multi-use retail block, but it manages to capture some of the traditional brewpub vibe once you're inside with lots of wood and the prominently featured brewing vessels in the adjacent room.  The main dining room is spacious and kid friendly with enough TVs to make it a nice destination for the whole family without drifting too far into sports bar territory.The kids were starting to act like ours might be a pretty short trip, so I went with the beer sampler to make sure I got to sample as many as I could before having to call it quits.  I didn't find any of the offerings to be particularly memorable, but the brews that did pique my interest were the Devil's Ale, Hopshock IPA and to a lesser degree the Negro Nitron.We shared a plate of nachos, which were rather salty and made about as much of an impression as the beers I didn't specifically mention above.The service was friendly enough, but not overly attentive despite it being a reasonably slow mid-afternoon.  I would have had a pint of the Devil's Ale, and in fact ordered one that was apparently missed, but impending meltdowns forced us to leave before I could remind our waiter.SanTan has potential but falls a little short of my brewpub bar.  My experience may have been tempered a bit by keeping one eye open for heading off a public display of toddler disgruntlement, but even putting that aside, it was a fairly lackluster experience.
5	This is hands down my boyfriend and I's favorite spot in Chandler... Actually... ANYWHERE.  We absolutely LOVE San Tan Brewery and are there almost weekly.  I always joke with him saying that one day we will have our rehearsal dinner there.  I can not say one bad thing about this place.  I walk in and it seems like people recognize us, that's when you know things are good! San Tan becomes more packed everytime I go in, but I love that they do so well!  They are very casual, loud, and a bar setting.  Don't walk in expecting to get a Bud Light, or Miller Light.  My fave beers are the Epicenter and Hefe.  I have ordered so many different food items off the menu but my recent fave is the Pork Pabil.. Its amazing.  You will never go wrong with San Tan Fries... they are the best fries I have ever had.  All the servers are awesome, I have never had bad service from anyone there.  The bar tenders are great, and always make you feel like you are the only person at the bar.  This place is awesome for groups, or a casual date.  We bring out parents all the time and they love it just as much as we do.
5	San Tan Brewing Company is awesome. Come for the beer and stay for the food my friends. My wife and I like to come here for the Sunday Brunch. They have unique food items too. The Hefeweizen is my favorite. Seasonal brews of Mr. Pineapple and Sex Panther are awesome too! The macaroni dish is amazing, so are the burgers. This place can get a little bit crowded for dinner on the weekends, but so glad this is in my backyard. Try it.
4	Wow...  The Mac & Cheese with Brisket...  hold me back!  Sooooooo incredibly fattening and bad for me, but the taste is everything I hoped it would be.  Enjoyed a flight tasting...  GREAT beers!  Highly recommend!
4	I really like this place.Great food, great beer and sadly, a great distance from my house!!Open one in Scottsdale!!
4	Stopped in a drink and appetizer on a Sunday night.  First, I am biased, as I am already a fan of their beer, but have never been to the brewery.  Beer was great as ever, nice and cold as it should be.  Staff was friendly and attentive.  And for a Sunday night, the place was busy.  Only had the pretzels (hot, chewy, almost perfect!), but would be back A LOT more if I lived closer.  Overall, a nice local beer spot for the local craft beer drinker.
3	The epicenter ale is very good.  We just had to take some home so we ordered a six pack to go.  This place is a lot like Four Peaks in Tempe except  the food is a little more expensive (beer prices are similar though).  The food isn't as good as Four Peaks so we will go there over this place from now on but I wouldn't tell people to stay away...try it, it's OK
5	I'm a sucker for breweries.  One of the best Hefe brews I have ever had. Need a growler of this stuff!!!
5	This is my favorite restaurant.  Their food is unique and tasty (try the rib eye philly).  There is always a huge crowd, so it can be loud, but it is the place to be! Of course all their beer is good.The unique environment with the old bank vault being the manager's office (near the bathrooms), and the safe deposit boxes as part of the lobby seating give this place personality!Not the best happy hour prices, but the food is good! We like the live music when it is there!  For an appetizer, try the Ciltantro Lime Hummus - sometimes my wife orders this as her meal!
4	I've always loved hanging out at Four Peaks in Tempe, but man oh man SanTan gives it a run for its money! It's evolved into my favorite Downtown Chandler haunt.SanTan is always loud and bumping with tons of people, but that's part of the fun. Love hanging out on the patio during the cooler months. Don't worry, there's heat lamps for you "60 degrees is cold!" wussfaces out there. Their beer is excellent; try the Epicenter and Devil's Ale. Oh, and MR. PINEAPPLE when it's back in season. So good! Haven't tried much of the food here (seeing as we're usually on a liquid bread diet upon entering, haha), but the Buffalo Chicken pizza was something different and you can share the personal sized one with one, maybe two others!Happy to have SanTan in my neighborhood!
5	Love the atmosphere of this brewery. The staff is always friendly and dos a great job of keeping all their tables running. The food is great. Good pizzas and better burgers. The pricing is a little higher than normal but it's definitely worth it. Can't wait to come back, especially to watch the games during Basketball season!
5	Bacon Burger - DivineCheese in the Middle Perfection with a Medium cooked piece of beefThough the fries at 4 Peaks were better I would gladly return here just for the biftec.*Pineapple Beer was surprisingly not bad either, especially during a summer night
4	Good food and good beer. Shrimp and grits and the fish and chips are phenomenal! Only complaint is that the stout is 4.7% alcohol. Most great stouts  have 6% or higher. Other than that, it's all good. Don't go on a weekend night though, you will never be seated!
5	I have had many of the menu items from the Pizza's to the Texican. I have yet to be disappointed and I'm usually very impressed. They have a great selection of home brewed beer as well which I am a fan of the Nutty Brewnette and Epicenter Ale. Great place to bring out of towners to have dinner or just grab a drink.
4	First timers should get a sampler of the beer.  Happy hour is fun whether you are on the patio or in-doors.  It's a great local eatery and brewery, atmosphere is typically laid back and casual.  You'll see a mix of families and gatherings of friends.  They have a wide variety of food to offer.  Their staff is friendly and fairly accommodating. The summer seasonal, Mr. Pineapple is my favorite, although I do really enjoy the winter seasonal too.    You'll come for the beer, enjoy the food, and be able to have a good if not great time.
5	One of my favorite places to go. Atmosphere, food, and the people are the best part.
5	Jackpot baby! Any time we have guests in town, we set aside AT LEAST 1 meal to come here. Never disappoints. I love the cheese stuffed bacon burger and chandler street tacos. My wife ordered the Ricky Ricardo once and I ate half of it and had to come back the next day to get a full one on my own. Have not had one bad meal or even an average one. Of course it helps to wash all the delicious grub down with any of the mouth watering brews on tap. Mmm... Epicenter.
4	Love Downtown Chandler!  Brewpub was small but able to find seats at the bar. Great selection of really good award-winning beers. Food was fair, service great!
5	I come here more often than any other restaurant. The food is not just typical bar fare but often re-imagined, clever, and always delicious.There is not one thing on the menu, or any of their daily specials, that I haven't liked. Favorites include the appetizer Slingers, the Pork Belly Smokehouse Burger, and the SanTan Sonoran Dog, but you can't go wrong anywhere on this menu.And that includes all of their craft beer. The Devil's Ale is my favorite, and the Epicenter Amber was my first love here. The seasonals are always very good too.
4	Cool local brewry and beer joint.  Makes a great wheat beer.  Food is good and atmosphere is what you would expect in a pub/bar.
3	Went on a Wednesday night while on biz travel and this place was jam packed..... But somehow our party of 3 manged to get a table very quickly and for some odd reason we had two servers.... I ordered some beer called devils something or other and a stuffed mushroom burger... the beer was very good.. and the burger was too... the burger would have been much better if they actually cooked it medium like i asked.... Service was solid and good atmosphere.
3	I came here for my first time..The food and service was good. I had a pulled pork sandwich. The sides were tasty as can be.But when I got home both, me and the person I came with. Came down with some sort of food poisoning.I would like to try it again, if I knew I wasn't getting sick.
3	Busy and loud.  difficult to have a conversation with someone.  good service- was able to switch out a beer i didn't like free of charge.  i was disappointed in the ipa selection, all but 1 reeked of grapefruit.   fish and chips was very good, but only given 2 pieces of fish and my husband was still hungry.  i prefer four peaks in tempe.
5	Yum!  Yum!  We live in Tucson and when we come to Phoenix we almost always stop at SanTan!  We had another great lunch and super delicious beer this weekend.
5	Awesome food, great service, nice ambience and wonderful beers!  My wife and I frequent this as a favorite lunch spot, and have been here for a "night out" several times.  It's what a brewery should be!
5	Non-beer drinker approved!  If only I found beer palatable..great venue, bar staff friendly, serving well proportioned (strong) mixed drinks.  One of the few brewery's where I can order from the bar and not feel like I'm being served a Coke with a splash of Jack.  Food looks great, will be back to give the menu a shot.
4	Delicious food, good service & atmosphere.  I love day drinking here!
4	Great Atmosphere, with really good food, service and good selection of quality beers.
5	I needed help choosing beer to take to Denver to Drydock Brewery, and knew nothing about beer. I stated that to the manager Tom and he got me Lindsay who had me walking out the door on a road trip to Denver in 10 minutes with 3 growlers of their best flavors. Its was a huge hit and I brought some back for them to try...excellent service. Great prices. very friendly staff and management. My new favorite haunt.
5	By far the BEST food, brew, and atmosphere out of anywhere we go. I absolutely love San Tan! If you have guests who come from out of town and need to drink and eat, bring them to the local watering hole. My favorite Sunday brunch spot and happy hours are rockin'. I cannot say enough good things about San Tan. You need to experience it for yourself.
4	You know I love beer, and this is an excellent local brewery. I have had every beer they offer, and they do a good job with not only the standard offerings on the menu, but the seasonal beers as well. The good is also great. My most recent drip included a nitro Friend of the Devil beer with a small Asian Pork pizza. I ate the whole damn thing!! Parking can be challenging, especially on the weekends. It may take a short walk from a nearby side street. The large outside patio is a great place to hang out al fresco, but there is plenty of space inside. Great spot to meet up with friends, hang out with good food & beer, then take a growler to go.
5	Well, you know what they say - when a place is always busy, there is usually a reason. I have gone into STB several times and could not find a place to sit at there huge bar - why?  Because the food is fantastic and everyone loves it!!!  We both had the chandler burger this time- that includes chedder cheese and thin onion rings on top - with horsey sauce... cooked to PERFECTION with slight pink in the middle - juicy and delicious!!! This burger is absolutely great!!!  Home brewed beer is always great and waitresses serve you with a smile.  No wonder they just got another award in Best of New Times - they deserve it!
5	Second time there...My only beef is that it's too crowded every time I go. That's what happens when some place of quality opens up, dang it!The beer is really great, you can order a sampler and try it all. Just have a DD as the alcohol content is not that of your average light beer. You will be buzzed.Food is off the charts. You have to try the cornbread mac n cheese, the burgers are great. The bbq here is smoked , like truly smoked, something hard to find in the land of the "they'll eat anything with sauce on it" restaurant. The pork in the pulled pork was worth coming back for. Which we will. Just work around peak times if you want to park nearby.
5	Every time I go to SanTan Brewery I forgot how rad the place is. I love going here. I love going here. I LOVE GOING HERE.. so does Charles the Bulldog
4	Pork belly burger and santan slingers are my new go-to items whenever i am there. When i used to drink i would love going there for a pint or two, but now i am just there for purely dining.  good sized patio with misters.  some times when they have a band inside it is hard to hear, but oh well, still worth it.  their Hop Shock and Epicenter were my favorite beers, and if they are offering the pineapple blonde brownie as one of their desserts, it is a must have.  My wife always would get their hard cider, and she enjoys their selection.  have had pizzas, burgers, and fish & chips and have enjoyed the food every time.  good amount of low tops and some booths along the wall which are good when my 6 y.o. is with us for dinner.  wish i could go there more than i manage to.  be prepared for a wait on most friday and saturday nights.  I have never had to wait more than 20 minutes though.  If there is a large event in downtown chandler, it is a totally different story as this place is always a zoo.
5	Wow! Cannot say enough good stuff about this place! Great food, excellent beer, attentive and helpful staff. Had the smoked rib dip and the smoked pulled pork sandwich and both were amazing! Put this place on your list of "must go to" if you enjoy brewski and BBQ!
5	Weekly lunch spot - consistently great food, good specials, good beer and friendly staff.The lunch specials are the key to success - as they tend to test out new stuff for future menu revisions. All of their food is good - really never had anything bad there. Lots of seating and patio seating is great when it's manageable outside. It's always a happening spot in Chandler so best to find your way in there and experience it yourself.
5	I have been here a few times and love this place! The brunch is fabulous! I get the mimosa with their heffe and the breakfast pizza. Yum! I recently brought my dad here who is very difficult when it comes to trying new things. (he didn't like four peaks! Who doesn't like four peaks??). He loved the very chill atmosphere of the downtown chandler area and loved the beers and the service at San Tan. This is the perfect place for brunch or even a low key night out.
5	This spot has been a favorite of mine for many years.  Their core beers are really good and their seasonals kill it!
3	Very disappointed in the new menu. The prices also got more expensive. Almost makes me not want to return because they got rid of my favorite menu item. However, great service and food quality as always :) The buffalo wings are a must every visit!
4	The location is great. It is right in the heart of downtown Chandler. The restaurant had open seating and every seat had a TV playing sports which is always a bonus. The service was decent, but could have been better. The nachos here were huge and to die for. They cost more than an average restaurant though. I believe they were meant for more than one person. Everyone was very friendly.
4	The beer and the service are outstanding.  The location is terrible for finding parking if you try to patron this place during peak hours.  The happy hour is a little anemic but if you love craft beer, the pros outweigh the cons.
5	One of the 3 Breweries that we checked out while in AZ and was highly impressed.  Had a delicious pizza (The Santanimal) and some great craft beers.  The staff was very friendly and attentive and management was around to make sure that we were comfortable and taken care of.  Sports on the TV's and a lively scene inside.  Would highly recommend stopping by to enjoy good beer and food.
5	This is my favorite brewery, and I do love me some craft beer. SanTan has some of my favorite beers and all of the food I've had there is awesome too. My absolute favorite beer of theirs (and one of top faves period) is the seasonal Winter Warmer, which comes with three little ginger snap cookies. I also love the Negro Nitron, Count Hopula (seasonal) and Sex Panther (seasonal), and they always have one-off kegs of awesomeness and delicious cask brews (Thursdays). If you don't know what you would like they will do a sampler of each of their beers for a decent price. They sell and fill growlers, but if you bring one it's cheaper.The food I recommend is: SanTan Slingers, soft pub pretzels, cilantro lime hummus, deluxe grilled cheese, southwestern fried chicken (huge fave), and Anthony's fish and chips (their fries are deeelish, and I'm particular about fries). They also have food specials that are always good. I haven't had something I didn't like but it is really difficult for me to try something new there because, although I know it will be awesome, I'm already in love with what I've had before.The service is always great too. The only thing I wish was different was that it wasn't so loud/busy in there (particularly on afternoons to evenings on Friday and Saturday), but I can't really complain too much because that's just a sign that tons of other people know how amazing the place is too.
5	Update: IT'S BACK!! They brought back the southwestern fried chicken dish - our absolute favorite. 5 stars and back in the restaurant rotation! Thanks SanTan!! San Tan used to be our favorite place to go - we LOVED the southwestern fried chicken meal, and it was the only reason we came here, but they've done a menu change, and our favorite is now gone :( The rest of the food is ok, and beer is good. Sad that we won't be coming back... Until they bring back the SW fried chicken!!We ate:Pub pretzel - goodShrimp & grits - very blah, didn't finish it. Heartburn in immediate effect though!!Buffalo chicken sandwich - too light on the buffalo sauce - sandwich had very little flavor. Ask for extra buffalo sauce!Service was good though, do appreciate that :)
4	Good food and good beer.  Can be a bit hectic and busy on the weekends, but mainly due to their popularity.  The recent menu changes are a good thing in my opinion.  Much more on the menu interests me these days.  The additional smaller batch beer choices are a nice change too, now that they have opened a larger production brewery.  Good lunch specials during the week are a big plus as well.
4	So after my boyfriend did his 3mile colon run he wanted to have a beer and some food. So we went close to home. We brought our dog Otis. They are dog friendly. Server was very nice. Food was great I had a pizza amazing thin soft crust. My boyfriend had the pretzel stuffed bacon burger. He love love loved it. Didn't have to wait long and speedy service as well. Parking is a little hard but other than that everything is great
5	Good stuff. Never a dull moment and great craft beers. I will always start the night and end the night here when in historic Chandler. Lively environment and good looking and efficient waiters/waitresses. Food classic bar fate, but very good quality.
4	Love the atmosphere and the waitresses are sweet. Go for Mr. Pineapple in the summer! Great beers, good burgers. The sonoran hotdog here is spicey but interesting. Love the pretzels!
4	This is a great local brewery. Great location. Great atmosphere. Lots of awesome craft beer.The sliders were good. And also had the shrimp and grits.The stuff was great as well. Management was very attentive and main sure everything was taken care of. The first set of shrimp and grits were sent out a bit cold. They fixed it right away.I would highly recommend this the beers were great we had the sampler. The German white was by far the best.
5	Amazing local beer & a great place for appetizers for dinner with friends.  A little loud for a family dinner but if your family is loud like mine then you won't mind the noise!  Make sure to try the local beers and ask for a growler to take home!!
5	I got the SanTan Sampler and the Texican.The SanTan Sampler gives you a good taste of different beers the Brewery has to offer.  Phenomenal.  And the Texican is very tasty.  I went here on a Monday night, which apparently is MOVIE NIGHT too!!!  I don't like Chandler very much, but I'll come down to Chandler for SanTan.
2	being a big fan of four peaks I had to give this place another try. The hummus was awfull, definitely out of a tub. Orderd a hamburger and the bun looked like someone sat on it. Beer is good and I like there selections of IPAs. That's about all they got going for them. If they were just a restaurant they would be out of business.
5	I love this place. The food is always good; try the stuffed bacon cheese burger or the habenero wings. The epicenter is a great beer. Service is great as well. I come here often. Cheers!
2	The place is too crowded and cramped inside and the Happy Hour only runs until 6pm while Chandler's other three bars go until 7pm. They charge more ($4.75) at their own brewery for a draft than other bars who carry their beer. When your at the source you should be charging less - how bout $3 a pint? Too bad, nobody cars and there must not be anywhere else to go out to eat in Chandler. All menu items are about $11 or higher and the Nitrogen beer thing they are doing now does not work well. It doesn't taste like beer, it tastes like beer water. Nothing creative either in this brewery's selections, but a couple of the bartenders were nice and attractive. When your in St. Louis, you can get a Bud for $2 - take a lesson San tan.
3	Went here or the first time on a Friday night with a group of 8. It was busy, but not slammed.  They told us it would be a 90 minute wait, and we decided to stay.... And we ended up being seated within 20 minutes!  Maybe the 90minute wait was just a scare tactic by the hostesses :)Anyways, the dip and chips appetizer was good, and so was my black bean burger, but. Was TOTALLY Not impressed by the beers.  I had the sampler, and didnt love any of them...
3	We went on Christmas and it was packed. The service was slower than Im sure it normally is but that the waitress did a good job despite that. We had pretzels for an appetizer and they were burnt. Then when our entrees came out the crust on my fried chicken was also a little burnt as well as the mac and cheese under it. I love good mac and cheese but didn't like theirs. The French fries are good and I'm guessing on a less busy night the food would have been better.
5	A shining beacon in downtown Chandler beckoning all drinkers and beer enthusiasts alike. My first trip here I experienced the winter warmer, the Thanksgiving seasonal weighing in at 9.5% ABV. Don't let the ginger snaps (served alongside the beer) fool you, this ginger-spiced ale will keep you warmed far into the night. Another beer worth trying all year-round is the Devil's Ale, one of their 'lighter' options. San Tan is a vibrant, energetic place. Recently, we sat on the patio admiring the lights adorning the shops and street. It was chilly out but the heaters were keeping us nice and toasty. Need something to go with your beer? The decent sized menu is sure offer something you'll like. For appetizers, try the hummus and pretzels, both big enough to share. Avoid the chips and dip. The Mac N Cheese burger was pretty incredible but they all sound really good.  After hearing about San Tan for years, I'm happy to call it one of my favorite bars in AZ.
5	Love this place! We drive 50 miles from Anthem just for the beer and food. Great selecton of craft beers and the nacaroni with brisket is to die for!
3	OK, this review is limited due to I didn't have the time to have a full evaluation sample of the food, as one should when reviewing - but besides that I had quite a few beers from the local stock out of which none I would like to try again. For being a brewery that does say something. But the place looks nice for what it is, and the service was OK, but really could have been better. It wasn't absent but it was a bit tooth pulling, avoiding, incognito. I will have to come back for the movie nights. I have a feeling those have potential, and I always want to support the local establishments over franchises. So tot to his place will get its proper shot to woe me. I hope it does.
4	Good beer and food. The pineapple glazed wings were great and we also enjoyed the pretzel. I had the chicken street tacos which were good with an added kick of hot salsa. My favorite beer was the hefeweisen.
5	There are brew pubs, and then there are brew pubs. This place sets itself apart from the rest of the pack. Great beer, very decent service, and above average bar food. A great threshold with which to compare all other brew pubs. They're doing it right, and a right many should be taking notes..
5	Really good beer, nice staff & a cool environment.
4	Great beer, great food. Enjoy sitting out on the patio.
5	We often find ourselves at San Tan enjoying a beer. Most of the beers are great. The staff is usually very nice (I've had an exception on rare occasions). The food is also quite good but prices were raised a few months ago. Go for the beer and great happy hour. Neat location and it's great sitting on the patio much of the year.
4	I love this place, always something on tap for everyone.  Food is good. Always a great ttime!
5	Long time patron first time yelper. In my humble opinion this is one of the best breweries I've been to in Arizona. Great selection of brew, always reppin' another craft beer as well which I find very cool. Best brew from this place is Mr. Pineapple. Awesome flavor and unique brew I've never had before. Food is great, enjoyed everything I've had from here. Burgers are good, my fav the mac n cheese burger, pizza is solid, Philly cheese is not bad either. Reason for the 5 star is combo of beer, food and atmosphere. Every time I go the place is bumping, folk from all walks of life, nice family spot as well. Just a down right cool place to hang with some friends, drink some good brew and munch on some good grub. Well down San Tan!
3	The hubby has liked devils ale for a while, but has been moving towards the IPAs lately, so he enjoyed his beer but not as much as some of the other's on our brew hop.  The food was ok, nothing to come back for.  I had a turkey burger, and it wasn't bad, but it isn't very well put together, they used romaine chopped into chunks and loaded it with the aoili so the bread was soggy the romaine was falling and getting sauce all over my face, and the onion was wayyyyy too strong.  The hubby's wings were ok.  It was louder than a club and the wait was so long, the food wasn't great, I don't see us coming back.
3	Kickin back drinking a can of Epicenter Amber beer from San Tan brewery in Chandler, AZ. Good beer. Thanks for reading.  The Bike Chaplain
5	My go to spot! My favs:Heavy D and Devil's Ale and of course their Winter Warmer -an ale at 9.5% ABV (only available during December). I grew up in Chandler and never see any original people from Chandler here - guess our lil town is all grown up :) The only food I've tried so far is the loaded fries (delicious!) and their soft pretzel (yummy). I like to start drinking here, then go next door to dance at El Zocalo :)sidenote: restrooms are usually very clean here -thx for maintaining your restrooms SanTan Brewery :)
5	Cute restaurant/brewery in Old Towne Chandler. Parking is an issue but once you park and get seated [I recommend outdoors near a heater!!], definitely take note of one of their 'home brews'. I started out with the Hefewiezen and really enjoyed the light taste and overall crispness of the beer. My second round was the Devil's Ale [hail ASU!] and I thoroughly enjoyed that more because of the intense hoppyness [suggested thank to our server]. It just had more flavor than the Hefe. Beers in my party were all well-ejoyed. Food-wise: everyone loved dinner. I took up the suggestion per Yelpers to get the Stuffed Mushroom Burger. I asked for Medium/Medium Well with medium-to-little pink & was granted with a LOT of pink. Because I was hangry I didn't notice until the burger was close to being extinct. Be sure to specify how much pink you want, otherwise you'll get the maximum amount. Salad - DEFINITELY get the homemade orange-chipotle vinaigrette. It's got a slight kick, but balances out well with the orange. Definitely a weird/interesting flavor profile to have that much orange in a salad dressing, but very refreshing.
4	Went here for lunch on a Saturday. Downtown Chandler is cozy and cute and we stumbled into this restaurant/bar on a whim. What a great surprise!Although I didn't have any beer, my boyfriend did and he loved it (but i'm also not sure he's ever had a beer he hates). I also saw a lot of beer samplers being ordered.Definitely had a "bar-type" menu, but we were very pleasantly surprised by the quality. I had a turkey burger with fries and he had a jalapeno stuffed burger with fries. YUM!The fries stole the show, they were beer battered and so delicious and fresh.Great, friendly service and a cool atmosphere and set-up (love the indoor/outdoor feel). A must-go if you are in downtown Chandler!
5	As good as any brewery anywhere and the best brewery food I have eaten anywhere!  A great time for beer drinking and eating, can get busy and loud but I really like that!
5	Amazing food and service. I highly recommend the Carola Burger.
4	Above average food and beer.  Always a solid lineup on tap, good menu, usually pretty good service.
5	Excellent food w a lot of options, the waitress actually gave her own jacket to my friends sister just because she looked cold. So yeah, the service was excellent.
4	My first introduction to Arizona craft beer is with Santan. Aside from being a neighborhood bar, this place is one joint every Chandler resident should visit. Two drinks everybody should try are Hefeweisen and Mr Pineapple, if my selections are partial to fruity with a touch of sweetness then this is a drink for you. Hef is carried year round and Mr P is a summer seasonal. Brewed ales (Epicenter and Sunspot) are favorites too for their light and dry goodness, as well as the Choco flavored briskness of their winter offering - Sex Panther.The long bar counter is very inviting, that goes true with the bartenders and staff too. Some of their housed foods that I recommend are pizza margherita and buffalo chicken wings. I should mention that you can also try any drink that they have and they'll give you a taste on a small sample glass.Parking can be a problem because the lot is shared by other establishment inside the old downtown compound. Santan has fun events and specials going on in and outside the bar and they can be found on their website. Activities abound on this neighborhood, Artwalk, Oktoberfest, and other city-sponsored events, and I'm so happy I can literally walk there if I want to.
3	Pros:BeerAtmosphere Location Layout Indoor outdoorDecent service Cons:Food is just sub par-Was super excited to try the SanTan Bloody but was disappointed in the execution of what sounded like a tasty  beverage-ordered the "From the Smoker". Brisket was beyond Fatty everything else was just okAlso side note: Patio is not dog friendly
5	Delicious shrimp and grits as well as bacon. Nice strong coffee as well. My beer drinking friends enjoyed beers and bacon vodka bloody mary! Terrific and friendly service!
5	Awesome,place !! Lunch was awesome and excellent service. Had a burger and it was cooked perfectly. Will be back soon.
5	My wife and I recently celebrated her 40th birthday party at the San Tan Brewing company in downtown Chandler.  We had a guest list of 57 and decided to rent out their party area in the back of the restaurant. From the start the events manager Derek was great to work with. He was very attentive to our special requests for alcohol and food choices. When we arrived Derek greeted us and allowed us to decorate the room as we wanted. The staff taking care of us were nothing less than 5 star quality. They made our experience amazing and went above and beyond to take care of us. The food was absolutely amazing. The spread was from their "slider bar" package and included amazing starters, salads and entrees. Finally, the beer. San Tan has amazing brews on-tap. We were delighted to drink their Hefeweizen and Devil's Ale. I can't say enough good things about the event staff at San Tan. Derek and the staff deserve more recognition than I can give. Thank you San Tan! Five stars without a doubt.
4	Went there on a weeknight and the place was crowded. Heard others talk about it so we gave it a try. Surprisingly, with it being so packed, we didn't have to wait to be seated! The service was pretty awesome, food was good, and the beer was tasty. Great first experience. My only complaint is that it was really noisy, but what are you going to do when you have that many customers. With so many customers, the service still was great.
5	My wife, son, and I were visiting from South Carolina and our friend suggested this restaurant because of our love for craft beer and good food.  Our son is 16 months old and we sat outside on the patio.  The poor little guy had had a busy day and was getting quite cranky.  Joey, our server, was a 5 star server.  He expedited our little man's order and had the food to us lickety split.  We then ordered our food after some fantastic suggestions, even items that are no longer on the menu.  The flight of beer was fun and fantastic, the food was delivered quickly, and Joey took all of our ridiculousness in stride.  I will suggest this restaurant to everybody and it is definitely a highlight of our trip.  The Sex Panther beer is awesome and my wife liked Epicenter.
4	This place has helped downtown Chandler become a great place to hangout at on a Friday or Saturday night!!I have lived in Chandler all my life and downtown Chandler was never a place to go on the weekends, or any day really. However, after they remodeled and San Tan came in, Chandler has been more and more increasing in its popularity.I have never been to San Tan, and the place not be packed. However, no matter how busy it gets, the service is always great. The beer and food selection is also top notch for a brewery. In fact, their hummus platter rivals even the best greek places in the valley in my opinion.No matter if you need a place for happy hour or even dinner, San Tan is a great place to go.
5	Great beer, food and service. Also, Tom the manager is very professional, courteous and does an outstanding job.
3	The bar food here is fantastic! And it's one of the only places to hang out in Chandler. The beer on the other hand... it's OK, but not impressive. I would still recommend it to anyone living in or visiting Chandler.
5	Winning!  Heavy D (imperial Devils Ale) & The Sonoran Dog together is simply Heaven!LOCAL BREW, Great Food & a Great Atmosphere combine to make one hell of an experience.  Did I mention that its in a really cool part of town as well?  YOU MUST GO!
5	This place is GREAT and i love it. The food the beers the staff all just great. Never been? Stop wasting time and try out.
4	Just stopped in for a beer....  Totally forgot about Happy Hour!! So I enjoyed $1 off my Epicenter Amber.  I also opted for one of the $6 App HH specials.  I went with the SanTan Slingers....or something.... Not bad....weren't great but they were good.  Thanks SanTan for being generous with the dipping dressing!! Nothing worse than running out of sauce! :)  The server was friendly and attentive...considering I was only one of two tables on the patio.  Great atmosphere, beer and food.  Looking forward to going back.  Thanks SanTan!!
4	I visited San Tan right when it opened and was underwhelmed.  They have stepped up their game in a big way.  Their beer and food is much better.  Some of their beers as of late (my favorite being the Lil Red) are moving San Tan out of the realm of local favorite to destination brewery.  The food is really good and often creative.  For instance, their bangers and mash take a pub standard and add a delicious spicy twist that make for a fun and satisfying meal. San Tan is almost always busy but their hosting staff have a great system down take care of you quickly as possible.  Pro tip: if there's a long wait and your thirsty, trot next door to El Zocalo and enjoy a margarita on their patio next to the fountain.  Double pro tip: El Zocalo's margaritas are good but a little pricey.  Upgrade that delicious elixir to a double for $2 more and get your night started right.  San Tan will text you when your table is ready.
3	When you come here for something you love and they give you something that does not even closely resemble what you usually get, it is a huge disappointment. That is what happened last night. Waited over 45 minutes for a table, which I have no problem with that because all I wanted was a delicious beer pretzel and cheese with a pint of sex panther (beer). We were eventually seated outside which was nice because it was a beautiful Arizona evening last night. Our waiter, Jonny was extremely nice and made sure to check on us and kept drinks refilled throughout the night.The problem came in when the pretzel came out. It was not the same as usual. It looked and tasted like a giant superpretzel that you get from the freezer and it was slightly cold in the middle. Nothing like the fresh baked beer bread that we usually get.  When Jonny came around, I asked him why the pretzel is different. He explained that when they run out they offer these instead. He did ask us if we wanted something different, but after waiting 45 minutes for a table we were hungry and ate it anyway but it was in no way the same as the usual pretzel. I am usually not super particular about food, but when you come to expect one thing that you love and it is not at all the same, it is disappointing. The manager did come around a few minutes later and he did take it off of our bill which was really nice as far as customer service goes so I did give them a little break for that. Just be aware in the future that if you come here late at night on a busy night, they will have replacement pretzels and not the delicious ones. I kind of think it one of those things that if it is not the best one, just take it off of the menu when you run out because regular patrons will know that it is not the same.I did also get half of a ham and cheese sandwich and a jalapeno caesar salad which were both delicious. My fiance had the fried chicken which was also great. We did come here a couple of weeks ago as well and they did bring back the delicious bangers and mash (but it is not listed on the menu). The beer was really great last night as well. Overall still a good experience. They will earn back another star from me when I can once again enjoy the real pretzel and cheese since that is my favorite thing here.
3	(Lyrics - Nirvana - Lake of Fire)Where do thirsty people go when they're dryThey don't go to a desert where the Yelpers cryThey go to San Tan Brewery and tryWon't see them again 'till the fourth of JulyI knew a lady who had a birthdayShe got a bit tipsy with a craft brewShe went for her beer, just a little too soonAnd she ate away Yelping with the Elite's in the roomWhere do thirsty people go when they're dryThey don't go to a desert where the Yelpers cryThey go to San Tan Brewery and tryWon't see them again 'till the fourth of JulySan Tan Brewery is has been a long staple of downtown Chandler since the 90's. Yeah remember those days! Anyways, fast forward to our times, San Tan Brewery has been a hot spot for people all across the Phoenix valley and so it should.Seasonal craft beer and their signature brew on a daily basis are served and can be purchased in a can. I'm a light beer drinker so I went with the Sun Spot and Chivco Blanco, which was seasonal. I thought the Sun Spot was okay, but love the Chivco Blanco. Very aromatic and smooth, while it gently flowed in my belly!Moreover, I didn't expect much from their food since I gather it was bar food. In the end, it was bar food. I ordered the stuffed bacon cheeseburger and thought it was okay. However, you can't disregard the drinks and the ambience of this place. Great happy hour drinking and a hopping scene is always fun. In the end, I enjoyed my visit and so did my friends.  We're always be visiting San Tan when we're around the area for great drinks and great service! - Enjoy!
3	The review is based only on the beer (didn't try the food). I had a few hours to kill on a weekday and this place was nearby, so I stopped in. The servers were friendly and quick, the atmosphere was nice, and the place was pretty crowded. Not the greatest beer I've ever had, but nothing that I hated. The Hef was very light and would be good a hot day, and the Pale Ale was also one of my favorites from the flight. Nothing special, but a good place to stop if you're in the area
4	I am here late (11 PM) on a Friday. The food here is bar food, but they've done a good job with it. I made the mistake of ordering a pizza that had a lot of spice to it, and they replaced it on the spot and didn't even make me ask for it. They make sure you have everything you need (drinks, refills, etc). The service has been top notch. The cherry on the top is the live music. Obadiah Parker was playing, and they are amazing. The music was easily heard and sounded great  but I could still say something to my wife without having to yell. I had a great experience and will definitely return.
3	Not too shabby! I went to this place Saturday night with some friends and it was definitely hoping! But it might have been so packed because the Beer & BBQ fest, was literally right across the street. We had to wait about 15 minutes for a table and we were sat outside at the patio. It would have been ok if the place wasn't packed. Due to all the people, all night long you had people at the outside bar bumping into our chairs and table trying to get around other people. It was kind of obnoxious. They should set it up differently so people sitting down and trying to enjoy a meal aren't getting bumped around by drinkers at the bar. But anywho off that tangent, food was decent, I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, nothing crazy excellent about it at all. First buffalo sandwich I have had, to where the chicken wasn't breaded! Their bread bolls looked pretty delicious, I will have to try that next time, my friend was drooling over his soup in his bread boll, it was one of the nights specials. Im not a huge beer person, but my friends are, so they were quite happy with the selection. Not a bad place to visit if you are in the area!
2	Just went for dinner at about 5:00pm on a Tuesday night. We had to wait quite some time for our drinks and when we finally ordered, we received both of our entrees without the customizations we asked for. One plate had cold french fries, to make matters worse. Will not be back.
4	Tasty Brews! Devil's Ale and Mr. Pineapple were both equally delightful. It was extremely busy, even on a Tuesday night, so we just sat at the bar and did not order any food. My only complaint is that the 3 different bar stools I sat on were wobbly. I think the pavement on the outside bar was uneven maybe? Either way I kept feeling like I might fall backwards, which might be a little dangerous after a good buzz.. I will definitely return for food and a flight.
5	In my humble opinion, absolutely the best beer pub experience. 5 star staff, Ale's, food, atmosphere, entertainment, not to mention, the Chandler events SanTan Brewery partners with make it all the more enjoyable.
5	Great gourmet burgers and other delicious plates. The heavy D devils ale is the best !
3	Good atmosphere and food. Decent beer too.  Nothing major to write home about.  The patio was nice to sit out on.
5	Love the food here.
5	Stayed in Chandler for a few days recently, mainly to attend a Rockies spring game.  Stopped at SanTan twice.  The beers and food were excellent.  The staff were very friendly and attentive.  Carl R., Aurora, Co.
5	Always delicious with good servers. Pulled pork, fries, and fried chicken is all really good!
2	Not sure why the rave reviews on food. The service and beers are good, but food is Meh at best. I have the pulled pork sandwich and potato soup. My husband got a burger which he said wad pretty good but not great. Portions were measly in comparison to the $50 we paid. If you want an decent atmosphere and just plan on drinking, this is an ok spot. There are so many great places to eat in the valley, we will not be back.
3	I would give this co. A 4 star but the hostess  tried sitting us directly in the sun and we just moved to the bar, the bartender (blonde) was awesome btw. Then we saw a small table for two open and I went to go ask the waitress and busser if we could sit there and the waitress completely ignored me so I asked the busser and he said, "idk go ask the hostess" but the place was packed and we weren't trying to lose our place at the bar, climb our way to the front and ask the hostess, good customer service would've been him going to the front and doing it for us. So I just got kind of irritated, my bf got the fish and chips and was amazing, I got the pulled pork sand which and it didn't have but one squirt of sauce on it, but the bartender was crazy busy and I didn't have the heart to send it back so I ate my dry, flavorless sandwich. I want to go back Bc the brews were good, I like the ambiance and bartenders. I just know how to order next time and will ask for specific seating. Just thought San tan should know about this Bc other than the hostess, busser and waitress situation it was good!
2	Went back to this place today for lunch, and it was packed. I don't get it. It took an hour and a half to get lunch. There were 3 people total. We ordered 1 street tacos that takes less than 2 minutes, and 2 lunch special RibEye Rollup French Dips. I had the $14.50 Rollup that was way overcooked and tiny for $14.50. We sat by the kitchen. We had to watch our friend from out of town who took us there, watch his taco order get cold.  Thankfully since we knew they had sat there for 15 minutes at least, so they made new ones in about 2 mintues.  The wait staff was slow, and did not listen. I ordered an Arnold Palmer with mostly tea, and I got a glass of mostly lemonade.  Sorry that was their 3rd strike for me. In this area if you want a GOOD Beef sandwich go to Oregano's. They have a Salad version that's great as well.
5	Upon arrival it was busy and we decided to sit at the bar. Turned out to be a great decision. The bartenders were attentive and very friendly. We got to sample 4 brews before committing to a pint. With About 16 choices it can be a little overwhelming. I got the stout which was very flavorful and went well with the wings. They grilled them, fried them, them grilled again after being rolled in sauce! So good an tasty. We then had the beer sampler, where we tried 7 brews on tap. Good prices and great brews. Only downer was the Sex Panther was tapped out.
4	My husband chose San Tan Brewing Company for his birthday celebration. I checked out their Facebook, and noticed that they had great reviews. I also noticed that you could make a reservation right on their Facebook page. This was very helpful, as we would have a 10 person party.They have a very extensive drink menu. I chose the Hop, Skip, and Get Naked. It was a fun and fruity drink that was not over powered by the taste of liquor. I also tried the Grateful Dead, and the Cherry Limeaid. The Grateful Dead was a bit strong for my taste, but still delicious. For an appetizer we order the nachos with chicken. It was a huge serving of nachos, and they were very generous with the toppings. I would definitely order these again!For food I ordered the San Antonio Mac and Cheese. I found the brisket to be very fatty, and the mac and cheese did not taste homemade. When the waitress asked if I enjoyed my meal, I told her that I did not. She was very apologetic and took the meal off of our bill.My husband ordered a cheeseburger, and he thought it was delicious. I tried a few bites, and I instantly regretted not ordering one for myself. Sometimes it's best to order what you are familiar with. The burger was big, juicy, and cooked perfectly. In the future I would order a burger for myself.Overall, San Tan Brewing Company was a great place to celebrate my husband's birthday. Our waitress was very attentive, and took care of any problem that arose. We had a party of 10, and while our group did get a little loud at times, the establishment is very laid back.  While I did not like the meal I ordered, the appetizer and the other meals I sampled were very good. I would definitely recommend this establishment.
2	OMG, we have been coming to San Tan for years,  and has always been a great place.   We have brought friends and family knowing they would be taken care of. Today we showed up around 6:30 pm.  I ordered my standard mojito,  had to send it back once.  They brought it back and it had no sweetness to it,  I walked up to the bar,  where a manager,  Tim, asked me what was wrong,  after telling him about my drink,  he proceeded to tell me if I wanted it sweet,  "there is sugar at the table"  OMG, Really?!,!  This is not the service I'm accustomed think getting here!
5	Love downtown Chandler and the location. Epicenter is the best Amber! Great service despite how busy they are...the food is good. But I definitely go there for the beer!
5	When it's great you wantThe world to know . The devils ale and hop shock areThe ultimate
4	Loud and hot.....Food and services was great.....
3	This place is always busy, I would recommend coming here in the afternoon hours. Very good beer and so so food. I come here to grab a growler or have some drinks with my family or friends. I don't like the food much, never been worth the price.
4	SanTan is one of my favorite local beers to purchase at the store, so of course I'm going to be a fan of their restaurant!  My biggest issue is that there are not the greatest number of vegetarian options on the menu.  I had fish tacos the most recent time we visited, which were okay.  Nothing too special.  The veggie burger is also pretty standard.  What I love most about SanTan is their appetizers (the pretzel!) and beer.  I've heard great things about some of their burgers, but I cannot vouch for them!  Great local place - wish it were closer to home!
3	I'm unsure of why this place isn't in our regular rotation. The food is really good and the beers delish. . The Thai soup was a  tasty surprise. I was disappointed there were no beer battered onion rings. Yes, its on the menu but no, they didn't have them.  It is very large and loud so eating outside is a bit tamer. But then, you eat with the smokers. Guess that explains why we don't come here more often.....
4	Stuffed bacon cheeseburger with pretzel bun was great!! The atmosphere was good but it was a little warmer than what I feel is comfortable. Service was average. Overall, a good experience, will likely go back at some point.
4	We've gone twice so far, with positive-mixed results.Beer is great - as someone who comes from a huge microbrew area, finding a good brew pub was a must for my husband and I when we moved to Phoenix. Atmosphere is nice - we  can bring our dog on the patio, it looks out over downtown Chandler, which is adorable. It's a good mix of families, couples, singles - fun place to be.Food - meh. I don't know a better way to describe it. It's a little overpriced, a little boring, but not bad. I think most of the time it's just underwhelming. If I want a good burger, I'd go somewhere else. I'll go here for a brew pub atmosphere.
5	great service today!  always great food..must try the sonoran dog! off menu, so you have to ask for it...sooo good!  my husband always gets it, I get a salas and have to eat some of his fries and sonoran dog!  Its a brat wrapped in bacon and rolled in a flat beer bread with guac and fixings...to die for!  ...and to top it off I had a pineapple beer mimosa.  speechless!!!
3	Nice local brewery that seems to be blowing up selling their beers many places. Overall the beers are good but average, the special/seasonal brews are more interesting.The food is good especially the stuffed burgers but the rest seems average.Atmosphere is nice especially when they have live music.
5	My hubby loves the beer, good food, nice patio.  Exactly what you would want to see in brew pub
5	Great food, great beer!  This place is always fun and laid back. I tried the daily special burger, which was a Greek burger with feta and pesto. I paired it with the San Tan Hefeweizen and it was simply perfection. The burger was moist, perfectly cooked and exploding with flavor.  This is my favorite hefeweizen and has a nice subtle hint of banana bread.  The bartender was great, too.
5	Excellent. The huge good menu pairs very well with their beer selection. They sometimes have Saturday meal specials. Go on Saturdays for delicious food.I love Mr. Pineapple.Check it out ASAP. They even have water misters outside. Class act brewery. Much better than Desert Eagle or Four Peaks.
3	Stopped in for lunch.  Ordered the shrimp and grits and fish and chips.Shrimp and grits were good.  Not the best ever, but certainly the best I've had in Arizona.Fish in the fish and chips was good.  Fries...meh.  They're some sort of "battered" fries.  Not particularly good and there's not option for regular fries (or if there is I didn't see it).  Cole slaw was double meh.I would certainly go back for the shrimp and grits and fish.  Fries and cole slaw they can keep.Not a 3 but not a 4 either.
5	love the beer always fresh and cold food is always great fun to hang anx watch people
5	love to stop by for some wonderful beer and burger. great bar area with live music on Fridays.
4	Come back to have lunch Edith the hubs.  He lived the wings.  I had the soup and sandwich.  1/2 club and the soup was green Chile pozole.  Not bad soup,  but why does everyone think that Latin food should have cumin in it? ??? I am Latin and hate cumin do I don't like eating Mexican food cause they always put cumin in it.   We don't use cumin in Mexico That's s new Mexico thing.   Anyways no monitors for need her.  Had ti do the crown on the rocks.   Mmmm
3	Mac and Cheese burger was big and greasy. Very tasty and unhealthy. Drafts are fairly priced and cold. No complaints about the food or drink from me. Service was spotty despite  not being too busy. Having visited several breweries before I was disappointed by SanTan's "store". All hats were pretty much the same (black with the logo on front) and cheap looking shirts.
4	Had the pulled pork sandwich it was excellent! Nice sauce with a pineapple kick. It's seems like a good place to take your friends for a drink
2	Unusually love this place and have been many times. My hubby (his first dinner experience here) and I went out to dinner here on Thursday night and had a very poor food experience. They were running a BBQ special that he ordered. When the food came I was shocked that the chef would of even let it out of the kitchen. The ribs and brisket were extremely dry that they were uneatable.  Even the bake beans had the left under the heat lamp way to long look. After letting them know my hubby ordered the fish and chips as how can this be screwed up?  This also was very bland and he ate only a few bites after another waiting another 20 minutes. We asked for the check and was shocked they did nothing. My hubby in 15 years has NEVER sent food back said something. Then comes out a manager I guess and at the loudest and squeakiest voice let everyone know that he did not like the first meal, but he ate some of the fish so unsure why we were asking for any type of discount!!!! So generous as they took $6 off our entire bill. I have taken large vendor lunches/dinners here often and many family and friends. It will be a very long time, if ever that we will return.
3	Really good beer, really average food.Been here 5x now. Have yet to have a meal that we would consider anything to try again. It's a good environment too, happy hour is decent and the crowd definitely gets a bit thick if you go after 5. Not too into big crowds so definitely stay away on the weekends.
5	Pretty good place! I came here on a Wednesday night around 7, and it was packed. The inside was very loud (not a fan), so we sat outside. The misters were great and so was the food. I got the mozzarella pizza; I could live on it. Very good. Overall, I would come back but earlier because of the huge crowd.
5	Best veggie burger hands down.  Make sure you get it with the pretzel bun.  I'm not a drinker but my friends say the beer is fantastic as well
4	Local Brew and casual environment to just chill and enjoy some good beers with friends. Mr Pineapple is my fav summer beer!! So tasty, light, and refreshing!
5	I'm probably very bias because I use to drink here all the time; however I think this is one of the coolest brew pubs in the country. The food is wonderful and the beer matching recommendations are on point! My favorite part by far though is the atmosphere. SanTan did a great thing by choosing an old building in downtown Chandler. The indoor/outdoor facing bar with the views of the oversized palm trees along side of the San Marcos hotel makes for a very peaceful and fun vibe; whichever you choose. Did I mention their beer is awesome? They are one of the first brew crews to can retail craft beer. If you like IPAs, the Hopshock is a very flavorful choice with solid bite and my second favorite will be the Amber Ale, which goes perfectly with their amazing buffalo chicken pizza. Enjoy this place because it's truly one of a kind.
5	Haven't tried the beer yet but their pizza is fantastic!  110% better than the Rosatti's pizza I had over the weekend.  Crust, sauce, everything was delicious.  I should also comment that the service was excellent, too.  Everyone I went to lunch with enjoyed their meals, as well.  Bottom line - great food!
5	Wonderful brews and fast wait staff and great bartenders. Food is good and the portions are average but  luckily the quality shies through in the taste bud department. Had a Catfish sandwich with local AZ brew -Devil's ale. ah refreshing. Pretty busy place but they still have time to fill your growler for some good take home craft draft beer! .Great place for lunch or dinner.
5	Spicy and smoky meals serve quickly and with great service. Fun and exciting vibe I watch the game. I wouldn't look for low cal items here, but I plan to indulge in a brewery item next visit!
4	Great food, fun drinks, and lively atmosphere. Always a must-go when in downtown Chandler. Sometimes it can get a bit crowded; the set-up they have inside is narrow and can be hard to navigate on busy weekends, but hey, that's what happens when a spot is this popular.
4	The menu here has improved gradually over the years. When it first opened it was more 'pub food' and after a while it started to become a bit more gourmet. They rotate their menu often and well, that's good and bad. Great to try something new but bummin' when a favorite disappears.  The beer is solid and the seasonals rock. Place is ALWAYS packed but worth the wait.
4	I was introduced to San Tan Brewing Company by my niece and nephew. They always know where the good places are and San Tan Brewing Co. was no exception! The food was good, they had TV's and good beer. It is a good place to meet up with friends and family or to have HH with coworkers. It's located in Chandler's Town Square which just adds to the coolness. As you walk in you can see the huge tanks where they brew their own delicious beers. I also like the vintage p.o. boxes that they have converted into benches you can sit on while you wait for your table. Nice touch!
5	Exceptional food. Very good shrimp and grits..... only criticism would be that it was a tad oily. Wings are also amazing.  Beer I would rate a 7/10. Would visit on a regular basis!
3	The beer was good. I got the pineapple one. The service was good. But my burger should be taken off the menu immediately!  I had the Cancun blue burger. It was gross don't get it. So I give three stars because food was tuck. I'll try it again and get something else.
4	All in all this place was pretty good. Decent beer-good if you order off of the seasonal menu, and the food was great. Surprisingly too the service is great-good recommendations and suggestions plus they are very forthright on recommending beer tasters.For beer I stared with the hibiscus and the saison both were fabulous! I wish the sampler allowed tasting off that menu because each beer I tasted was awesome! The normal menu was... Good. Odd high points wee the heff and hopshock. Sadly the stout was terrible. Really terrible. If you want something dark go nitro-great beer really!The food was good. I received good recommendations and it was all in all tasty, no complaints at all. I tried the blue cheese stuffed burger-the cheese on the inside was good but not blue  but more melts and tasty. Fries were good too.All in all no complaints and will prob be back on my next trip!
5	Awesome beers!
1	Place is garbage the only thing that made it worth a star was the devils ale thats it.... I was there w.my girlfriend and we ordered food it was cold and to add to it one of there employees got off work while we were eating and decided to make dirty remarks to my lady ... He was drunk and making an ass of himself and his company.... Will not be returning i almost had to punch this idiot and our server just thought the situation was funny avoid this place
2	Been there a couple of times. The beer just isn't that great. I blame the water. As it taste terrible there too.  The menu and beer parings are pretty clever on paper but the beer temps are inconsistent, mine was warm. The food is hit and miss and the place while a great old building it's hot and humid inside. Who wants to drink warm beer and eat dried out food in a hot and humid place in the summer in Arizona.  Not me.  but the place was packed???
3	This rating is for the beer.I have been to all the big craft breweries the last few days and this one was nothing extraordinary. The black IPA on nitro was refreshingly smooth, a real treat. The pineapple beer is awkward, to juicy for my tastes. I like the dry nitro stout but it was lacking any definable chocolate or coffee notes like they claim. The cab franc barrel aged saison was a treat. Dry, fruity, plain delightful. A bummer they do not pour growlers of this. I also enjoyed the Farmhouse Saison, but I am just getting in to this style of beer so I cannot compare it.The service was awesome. It was a Sunday afternoon and there were plenty of seats at the bar!
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Chandler! They offer an awesome line up of beers along with delicious food. However, after last night, I recommend avoiding Sunday nights at San Tan, because the rookie entertainer on guitar could quite possibly ruin your dinner! My family and I went in to eat on Sunday 7/27. Everything was terrific! We had the nachos, mac and cheese, and a couple burgers. The boys all ordered the Mr. Pineapple beer, their favorite, and the ladies had cocktails and wine. Our server Mike was friendly, attentive, and knowledgeable about the menu. We sat on the patio which was actually very nice considering it's Arizona in July! What we didn't love was the "entertainment" they had playing up front that unfortunately carried through the speakers outside. Don't get me wrong, I'm all for independent musicians, but this guy was awful. He had a guitar loop playing with him that he had trouble keeping up with, and botched the words to several songs that most people hold sacred. (Hootie & The Blowfish, The Beatles, Matchbox 20....) We ended up leaving early and heading to La Stalla (Italian restaurant right down the row) to have after dinner drinks and dessert. They had a bald guy there playing electric guitar (and not annoyingly ruining some of my favorite songs) which was lovely!San Tan is a wonderful place to eat, I highly recommend it. You just might want to bring earplugs, or have a couple extra drinks...
4	We went there early on a Saturday for dinner thinking it wouldn't be that busy, but I was crazy in there! We were told it would be a 45 minute wait, but it wasn't that long. My husband and I usually try to be in and out of restaurants within an hour to an hour  and a half. We usually look at the menu while we wait to be seated so we can order right away. We knew the food we wanted but we weren't sure what we wanted to drink. We asked our waitress, Kelly, her suggestion and we are glad we did. The berry hard cider was DELICIOUS! My husband ordered the pork sandwich and I got the Mac and cheese burger.I was shocked how quickly we got our food!! It was sooo great! Everything was hot off the grill and cooked the way we requested it. The potato salad and fries were scrumptious too. It was louder in there then I expected, but it's a bar so I shouldn't be surprised. Over all I was pleasantly surprised and it was very yummy!!
2	Just wanting to vent...3 out of the last 5 times we've been to Santan they've been out of HopShock IPA.  Stopped in for "Christmas in July", early in the day and they were out of Winter Warmer.Whoever's managing the beer inventory is out to lunch!
4	The food was really good, staff was friendly and checked in on me and 2 friends. We sat outside, as it was a nice night, however the music is Super Loud. Loud music was really the only reason Im not giving 5 stars.
5	Update.  Went back for lunch with the fam.  Tried the mac n cheese burger, fish and chips and margherita pizza.  Everything was fantastic.
5	Beers were great I had the Santan Hefe, goldensun, Mr. Pineapple, and a few others not worthy of mentioning. I ordered the Mac n Cheese burger and the appetizer of pretzels, the food taste great! Portion sizes were definitely good. Food was reasonably priced. I'm def a fan and will return!
4	We went for Sunday brunch and although it was crowded and we expected to wait, we were able to be seated right away close to the bar. Only downside, it was a bit too noisy for conversation with friends. I had the Santan Margarita and green chile pork enchiladas...which was very interesting served with egg...not a combo I would normally put together...but it worked :) My husband had the Santan club, which was good too. Overall, the price was on par for the food and service. Next time I think we'll request to sit outside and I'm definitely going to try the Santan Sunday Bloody Mary.
3	My friend and I wanted brunch and some good ol drinks so we decided to come here. I've been here before for drinks but never for their food. They have brunch until 1 pm on Sundays and $5 drink specials. For food I ordered the green chile pork enchiladas. These were really good. It also comes with eggs. The only thing was, they were really spicy for me! I was dying! Lol.  For drinks we ordered the margaritas. Ohhhhh my goshhhh.. They were reallyyyyyy good. Especially for $5 and such a good size too. I got two of them. Let's just say I should've stuck to one. Lol. This place probably would've gotten a 4 star from me if the service wasn't so horrible. Our server was neither sociable or friendly. We sat in the middle of these two tables and he went to their tables to help them and wouldn't even acknowledge us. Our food took about 30 minutes or longer to come out. No apologies for the wait or anything. I definitely won't be back for food. Maybe if I want a margarita...
4	Went here with a small group of friends on a Saturday evening without a reservation and we were seated relatively quickly - waiting no more than 10 minutes. The atmosphere was very casual, relaxed, and pretty full. Our server was pleasant and the food we all ordered was pretty good. My friends ordered a few cocktails, which were pretty tasty, while I ordered the SunSpot Gold blonde ale. Unfortunately, the blonde ale was not to my liking at all (I wouldn't recommend it to fans of quality blonde ales) and when I mentioned this to the waitress, she offered to switch it out free of charge. I ended up finishing the evening with the Gordo Stout (I decided to try the opposite end of the spectrum), which was pretty good! SanTan Brewery offered great service, great food, and a pleasant dining experience. I'll be visiting here again.
5	I met my wife here, they have great beer, and a wonderful waiting staff. I love coming here when I am in town cause the food is great and the outdoor atmosphere is super tight. Chyyeeaaahh
5	Obviously they have good brews. They actually also have some good cocktails and a decent wine list. Their food is pretty damn good too. This is a great setting for a Saturday or Sunday lunch. They're also very kid friendly if you're looking for a good family spot.
5	Five stars for great atmosphere, great food and great beer! Order the wings grilled there the best. Service is excellent at the bar. Chicken fingers are beer battered which is also awesome. My wife and I drive out of our way to go here because it's so good! Trust me.
4	I had been out running errands all day and found myself starving at 4pm, without having eaten all day. In Chandler, most of the restaurants you find on google or yelp are fast food restaurants and big chain restaurants where the food is formulaic, bland and boring,I happened upon SanTan Brewery on my Yelp app and saw it had many good reviews, so thought it was worth a shot.Well it really paid off! They have an awesome, but eclectic (in a good way) menu with a wide variety of stuff for everyone. What I enjoyed the most of my meal, though was the beer cocktails. I had a drink called "whiskey in a jar", which has whiskey, ginger ale and pale ale beer in it. It was awesome! Had a nice sweet start to it with a delicious brewy aftertaste. I highly recommend it.As an entree I got the crispy chicken cobb salad. I eat a lot of cobb salads, but this was probably one of the best i'd had. I got it with the honey mustard dressing, which in itself was excellent.The only negative point was that it was extremely loud in there, and it wasn't even packed! Made it difficult to carry on a conversation. And they have SO much staff milling around and looking bored.Those were minor annoyances though, and I would most certainly go back there again and again
5	If you're in the mood for bar food and good craft beer, then this the place for you! Burgers are tasty and the service is very good. It's a bit loud inside, so it's hard to have a conversation when they are busy, which seems to be always. I would recommend just about anything on the menu.
5	This place is awesome. Great food. Good beer. A little loud at night but fun. Service is great. I would recommend this place to locals and travelers.
5	Very good brewery with great food and great beer. This place never disappoints with the beer that is always cold and fresh, and the food that is consistently good. I highly recommend trying a beer sampler and some of their hummus, wings, or shrimp tacos! I enjoy the "pilot" beer series, but wish they would have more guest beers to try.
5	I love this place! The brews are the best and love that they do theme days incorporating music, brews and food. The food is always good and tasty.
3	I drove alllllll the way out to SanTan from Central Phx.  I love craft beer, so after I moved here, I was told it was a must.  Met a friend for beers, and ordered a few.  I really didn't love any of their brews, esp not their IPA (and the WARM glass it was poured into certainly didn't help, gross).  The bar itself was nice, but a bit loud, and our server was pretty much absent once we said we were only drinking, not ordering food.  Had to chase her down for each refill.
4	Why did I just find out about this place? Wow. It's awesome!Went out on a date here, and having never been here assumed it would be another hole-in-the-wall that some people from certain dating sites like to take me to, ahem. I was bracing myself for the worst when I saw my VERY cute date AND this very cool restaurant. I'm sure you know how the rest of this goes. Walked in and the wait was kind of long and there were a lot of empty tables so not sure what the hold up was, but we waited anyway. Finally got seated outside on the patio. It was a really nice night so the patio was a perfect place to be. We sat VERY close to the people behind us, but we were so engrossed in conversation that we didn't really notice much. The misters were on over head and we weren't quite under them so we got a little wet. We asked about it and they kindly turned them off. Our server was quick and very nice. The beer is some of the best I've ever had and would highly recommend going here for just that. I only had a salad, but the dressing was delicious! It was fresh and cold and hit the spot after flying across the country earlier that evening. I'm going to go back and try some more beer and food soon!
3	Overall, as usual, a decent experience. Thought each visit takes us closer and closer to growing a tad bored with this place. Time to shake things up a bit. Same old menu for a long, long time now. And I decided to stop ordering chicken sandwiches, as it is clear that the kitchen cooks the filets in advance, defrosts them, and nukes them to serving temperature. Chicken is consistently dry and grainy, with no taste other than the condiments and sandwich accessories that come in contact with the meat. Beer is still great. But we'll lose interest if the food doesn't improve.
4	I keep coming back here for their burgers but their drinks seem to be a miss which seems weird for a brewery.  I think they keep trying to be "unique".  Beers have been warm, cocktails are a huge miss.  I've tried several different ones.  One I deemed the worse drink I've ever had.  Even my husband couldn't drink it.  I didn't see it on the menu this last visit, maybe they realized it was bad.  It was a mix of 4 things which included their signature beer but none of them blended.  Awful.  This last visit I just wanted a house margarita.  Everyone can make a margarita, right?  Turns out it was their san-tan arita which had an IPA mixed into it.  Sigh.  That would explain the color and flavor I didn't enjoy.  We happened to go on a game night and they shut off sound to the game so the live performer could set up.  I love that they give performers a chance but felt bad for the guy that was victim to bad timing.  Maybe don't sign up a performer on game nights.  Choose sports OR live performance.  But back to the 4 starts.  Their food has been great.  I crave their burgers AND fries.  I'll just plan on not ordering any of their drinks from now on.
3	Have never had a problem with this place. My boyfriend and I have been coming here for years and have had a great time. We came in tonight for a late dinner and to watch the movie that's on tonight. It was clear that our server wanted to be cut for the night seeing as how she brought us our check twice when we had plans to stay and enjoy ourselves and watch the movie that's on. My boyfriend, unfortunately, found a bug in his beer. It happens. But since out server was so eager to leave we had to tell a different server as our server was walking out the door.
3	I'm having a hard time reviewing San Tan. There are things that I like A LOT. Namely, the supremely soft and tasty HUGE pretzels served with beer cheese (yum) and mustard. The winter dessert - an amazing Sex Panther Brownie (seriously wonderful) topped with incredible peanut butter ice cream and chocolate fudge sauce. Their chicken fingers are surprisingly delicious, and the battered thick cut fries are completely addictive. I love the look of the interior, how open and comfortable it is, the little remnants of the bank that once inhabited the space (safe deposit boxes comprise the base for the benches in the waiting area, the safe behind the hostess' stand). I really like that almost every time we've visited, a manager will pass by and touch the table, checking to see if everything is good. I love that it is located in Downtown Chandler and just feels like a quintessentially local place - it isn't trying to be anything else, it has it's own identity and that is so great and very different than many other trendy spots in town. There are also lots of things that are just hit and miss. I want to be able to say "the food is really good" ... except that there are so many inconsistencies. My first attempt at an entree was the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich. When I think bar food, I think Buffalo, and I love a good Buffalo anything! Unfortunately, instead of the breaded goodness soaked in spicy buffalo sauce that I was expecting, I got a weirdly grilled chicken breast that had some watery sauce on it.. I tasted more char from the grill than buffalo sauce flavoring. On another visit, I had temporary amnesia (or just bad decision making) and opted to try their wings, again expecting a more traditional buffalo chicken wing and getting ... not that. It was equally disappointing for many of the same reasons. Then, I finally thought I'd found my dish: the brisket macaroni and cheese with barbeque onions ... the thing was huge (basically a family-size platter of mac) but so delicious that I had to stop myself so that we could have some leftovers. On our next visit, I could not WAIT to dig into that dish.. until I got it, and there was no brisket to be found and chunks of undercooked onion littered throughout the pasta like little bombs of unpleasant texture and over pungent flavor. Subsequent experiments have included Pepperoni Pizza (completely adequate) and the Pulled Pork Sandwich (pretty okay) ... nothing has really blown me away and that's too bad. The summer dessert - a blondie with coconut icecream - is pretty disappointing, although I can't determine if that is because I actually don't like it or because the two times we've ordered it, it has been served to us as a melted puddle of mess by the time it reaches our table. I really like the atmosphere inside. I'm probably going to sound like an old person now, but it is way way way too loud. The actual cacophony of stuffing lots of people into the space is not the problem, it is the way too loud and poor quality sound from their speaker system that takes it to a totally unpleasant level. Whether it is the typical piped in music or the (sometimes questionably talented) live musicians, the speakers placed to either side of the main dining alcove to the right as you enter makes any of the adjacent tables completely uncomfortable for any extended dining experience, let alone trying to have a conversation with your dining companions. We've tried to remedy this by sitting outside and often this does help (even though it is often a bit on the too hot side, or the too wet side when the misters get crazy) however they apparently allow smoking on the patio as we've been overwhelmed by clouds of smoke from adjacent tables on multiple occasions. Service is generally passable, but sometimes not very good. The servers are young and seem pretty inexperienced. In the aforementioned dessert debacles, both times I brought it to our server's attention and each time they just shrugged and walked away. You often need to wait longer than you probably should, and the attitude is just a little bit too bothered on a consistent basis. Pricing is also pretty expensive for what this place is - basic, pretty alright bar food in a very casual setting. I definitely think you should check it out and it is very likely you will love it. I want to love it and keep hoping that my experiences will start an upward trend sometime soon.
4	As far as Arizona breweries go, San Tan is up there in the top 3. It's got a nice location in Downtown Chandler and is usually pretty packed. They have plenty of great beers, including the Devil's Ale (a maltier Pale Ale), Hopshock IPA, Sunspot (one of the few Golden Ale's I really enjoy) and the Hefe. Also, if it's Mr. Pineapple season, then you must try it! They also have really great food, although I honestly haven't strayed too far from their pizzas. Overall, if you're in Chandler, you have to go there. P.S. their signature pint glasses are awesome.
4	I visited here at a peak lunch time. I was seated quickly and got my first order very promptly. I was attended to through out my stay. And all this while the place was packed. I got a southwest chicken sandwich. The chicken was nicely grilled and was served with lettuce, tomato, and guacamole sauce. It wasn't great but it was fine for pub food. The bread, a typical white burger bun, was disappointing. The potato salad was a kind of dill salad but it was good. All in all worth the trip and I'll be back.
5	This place is one of my favorite places! Their stuffed bacon cheese burgers are fantastic! the mimosas and Sunday brunch burrito are the best!!! This is my go to place when I want a great burger or great brunch.
4	Although located about 40 miles east of where we live, we've heard so much about this place, my wife and I decided to check it out and we are glad we did. I ordered the fish and chips, which is my second favorite fish and chips place I have had. I used to like Skeptical Chemist and Fibber McGee's for fish and chips, but they got cheap and dropped all the food quality. So Guido's broasted fish is my first and foremost favorite and everything else has been terrible. That is, until I went to SanTan Brewing Co. The fish and chips were excellent and there was a lot of variety on the menu. I did not try the pizza because they use a three cheese blend, which to me, is cheap and not authentic Italian style pizza as advertised. For example, they offer a Margherita pizza. This should be a thin crust, hand cut mozzarella ONLY, with a light pizza sauce or slices of tomatoes topped with basil. SanTan makes a Margherita pizza with a cheese blend of mozzarella, chedder jack and Parmesan. I only like Parmesan on my pasta, not on my pizza. If you're going to do a cheese blend, make it GOOD cheeses, such as Asiago, Provolone and Mozzarella or even smoked Mozzarella. By definition, what they offer on the menu as a Margherita pizza is nothing at all like a REAL Italian Margherita pizza (named after Queen Margherita). My wife ordered the 'street tacos' which were much larger then we expected. You get 3 of them, your choice of beef or chicken. She ordered two beef and one chicken taco and she could only eat half of what was brought to her. Street tacos are typically called street tacos because they are smaller in size then regular tacos. Apparently, no one told them or they're doing it intentionally to be different. It was too much food.I guess the restaurant used to be a bank. They still have the safe door open (by the rest rooms) and the waiting benches at the lobby are old safe deposit boxes with padded foam on top. This is neat and unique, though I wish there was more explanation of why those items were kept. If keeping the history of the building alive was important, why not include more information about what the building was and why those items were selected to become part of the decor of the new business?It is a little bit pricey, but not terribly so. The food and service were excellent and we will definitely dine here again the next time we're ready to make the 40 mile (each way) trip from Glendale.
2	Husband and I met friends here on recent Saturday night.  We waited about 30 minutes to be seated.  The place was noisy and it was difficult to hear what was being said but that should be expected in a brewery.  What should not be expected is so-so food and just OK beer.  My husband, who has lived in Germany and had many Hefeweizen said that whatever they gave him could have been a Hefeweizen if using the absolute weakest definition of the term.One hamburger was plump and juicy but with little taste and not stuffed with blue cheese as advertised.  A very thin coating of blue cheese could be seen on top of the burger but it wasn't enough to overcome the other lukewarm flavors of the burger.  The other hamburger was only 2/3 the size as it was burnt on the outside and dry on the inside.  Nothing could have saved this burger and I'm surprised it was served in that condition.   No one came by to ask about the meal.Service was decent (never saw the bottom of a glass) so we tipped well but the food and beer were not worth the price.
5	Have been coming here since they opened. Best pizza and wings! All the food is excellent! Beer is our favorite- Hop Shock, Epicenter and Devil's Ale. Love the Fish n Chips!
4	Great beer (really great beer), very good bar food, a fun wait staff and tons of energy. They have a large patio area which is great at night (this is Arizona) since the restaurant is set far back from the main street. Nice place to go if you're looking to avoid the usual same-ol'same-;ol' bar experience.
5	Cobb salad junior was fantasticMushroom swiss burger was perfectOktoberfest beer was yummyThe brownie a LA mode was mind blowingThe spiced cookie dough gelato was literally the best tasting ice cream I've ever hadWill defiantly returnOur server Valerie was very attentive and sweet
4	Dined one time while in town on business, pretty good food, I guess I'm not thrilled with the bar food kind of thing in general, but if its your deal I'm sure its 5 stars.   Open late - kind of a plus. Had a burger, it was excellent, service was very good, I reserved a table on Yelp/Open Table and it worked fantastic.
4	The food and beer selection at this place are both fantastic. I give it a 4 out of five because of the noise level and our absentee waitress. If you're looking for good brews and sports this is your place.
5	What a great place!! We went in on a Monday night for the Bears game and the first thing I noticed on the happy hour menu was two Chicago style hot dogs and beer pairing. Perfect! Being a Chicago native myself, I'm very particular about my dogs! Let me tell you, they didn't disappoint! We also found out from a super friendly staff member that the head chef is from Chicago and also features Italian beef sandwiches for happy hour on Mondays. They were so nice that having found out it was our first time in, they comped our desert and gave us a ten dollar off coupon for our next visit.  Aside from the fantastic service, their menu was extensive from pizzas to salads, even a jambalaya pot pie.. We'll definitely make San Tan out regular Monday night stop!
5	We've been several times. Always great food and service.  Our bartender Scott was awesome and well informed. Love the Moon Juice!
5	Great beer and food.  This time we had the fish and chips.  The fish is battered in a beer batter made with the in house beer.  It was a generous portion and very good.  It is located in a historical building downtown.
5	We arrived once again at San Tan Brewery and  experienced an awesome server Amanda.  Great eye contact, alll smiles and sincere in her demeanor.  Come to find out it was her last day :(  anyway, she'll be missed but there are plenty more awesome individuals who work there :)
5	What a great find in Chandler. Rarely do you find a microbrewery that has great beer and great food. This one does. The brew Meister has amazing skills and this "Hop Head" and foodie is in heaven. Service is great too!!
2	The Santan Brewery Octoberfest is a bust. $15 bucks a head plus $5 dollars a beer to look at commercial tents. They need a lot more "bling"  or vendors to make it worthwhile.  We spent two hours and looked at everything twice.
4	Rude security but great beer.
4	We have been here a few times and have enjoyed it every time we have been here. They had a pineapple beer that was seasonal I do not know if they're thinking about doing it year-round but it was incredible. We definitely recommend this place. Food is pretty good too.
5	I've never had such a good customer service experience before! My friend and I like to try a new place every Tuesday. Originally we went to Chop Shop but were not feeling the"healthy" selections (I wanted meat ). So we walked down to San Tan Brewery. I ordered a burger medium well. And my friend ordered wings.  When my burger came out it was pink. A medium rare. I didn't want to say anything but when our waitress, Nicole, came to check on us, she noticed how pink it was and said that's not how I ordered it. She took it back and while they cooked me another one she gave me fries to munch on! Like, she knew I was hungry and gave me some fries! Its the little things that count you know?And then, as i'm happily munching away on my fries this Brian guy (I think he's a manager) came and apologized about my pink burger. He went so far as to comp my burger and our first round of drinks! Like seriously.  I. Can't.  Even.I'll be back. And I'll tell my friends. And Facebook. My mom. My priest. That weird coworker of mine that spends too much time in the bathroom... I'll tell them all how amazing my experience was at San Tan Brewery.
5	Awesome beer and better service! Nicole B is super knowledgable and she goes above and beyond and if the beer wasn't that good, we'd still go back because of her. Always busy and there's a reason for it. Great time.
5	Really enjoy this bar, they make great beer and the food is good also. Make a reservation as it's always busy! The staff is always very friendly and makes a good dinner date.
5	Great food - My boyfriend and I were just here over the weekend for a conference.  San Tan catered the event and we loved it.  Macaroni and Cheese, brisket, pulled pork - we tried it all and  we were not disappointed.  So, we actually went to San Tan on Sunday for brunch and again, it was excellent. Wait staff was friendly and pretty fast.  Definitely will come back next year.
5	Came here the first time last week with my hubby and my mom, who was visiting from out of town. Really excellent service - our server was very well informed on the menu and all the beers in the sampler my husband got.I had the Cuban sandwich, hubby got the French dip, and my mom got the crispy Cobb salad. We all loved what we had. Big portions! We'll definitely be back!
3	My wife and I decided to try this restaurant.  We were somewhat disappointed in the service.  Clearly Saturday around 5:30 PM is the busy time.  It's a good thing we opted for outdoor seating as the inside was packed, loud, and the temperature inside was torrid.  Was the A/C working?  The food was good: I had a curry special (which was outrageously delicious) while she opted for a salmon BLT, which she enjoyed.  However, our issue wasn't with the food, at least the food which arrived at the table.  We ordered the hummus appetizer which never arrived, and the person who brought the entrees seemed confused that we had ordered an appetizer first.  I though she was going to check out the problem, but that never happened.  It wasn't until the manager came around asking how things were, that we said we hadn't received the appetizer, and, with the arrival of the entree, wanted it removed from the bill.  We also had to remind the server twice to bring the water we had ordered when we put in the order for the drinks.  In fairness, the server and manager expressed regrets for the order's screw up, and comped the deserts, and immediately removed the hummus from the bill.  While I sincerely hope that I had experienced an "off moment," I'm not entirely sure that I'm going to be back.
4	San Tan brewery by far my favorite and of the best brewing companies in AZ! Hands down! Never had a experience or service ok that wasn't top notch. Really fun, friendly staff that know their beers. And I like that they distribute all the valley.First- da beers, their beers are excellent. Brewed well and always have a fresh taste. I usually don't get an opportunity to have their beer straight from their brewery because of living on the complete opposite side of town. Their seasonal and rare brews are amazing. Can't wait for whatever they think of next. Second- da grub, I've only had a few selections from their menu but I am sold on the fact their food is just as popular and well made as their beers.
5	Very good food, very good beer, and they have both outdoor and indoor seating.  Probably a good place for a date.Also the portions are pretty big.  The mac and brisket that I got was too much food for me and I tend to overeat.  I ate half and it ended up as two big meals for me.
5	I love san tan!  My family comes for dinner at least once a week. We have tried almost everything on the menu and have not been disappointed with anything we have ever tried. My favorite is the brooklyn pepperoni pizza with wings. I love that if they are on a wait you dont have to sit with a pager. You can wander off and they will send you a text. They have a pretty good happy hour too! I HIGHLY recommend this place to everyone!
4	Excellent Beer on tap! This place is a Local brewery my favorite is the Sun Brew. Hawaiian BBQ Pizza is delicious. Good atmosphere, staff is super friendly, great service. Locals are friendly. I will be back to watch football!
4	This place is just simply fine. If you've never been be sure to ask for samples of the latest drafts and don't pass up the Pretzels w/ Beer Cheese!I could say there's almost two three atmospheres at ST - Inside, Barside and Outside - Each with its individual vibe, try all three before you review. Just listen to me: Stop looking for the next place or something better, it's right here!
5	Nicole B is an AMAZING server!! We can in from the airport with family and she just was perfect!!! Food was amazing. Gluten free needs totally met, nicole was very knowledgeable on the GF and made me feel very welcomed. Our whole table of four was very pleased. Thanks for the best lunch and drinks on a perfect Sunday afternoon Nicole!!! Thank you thank you!!!
5	Went last night with my wife to try some new beers. There were plenty of people there since it was a Saturday night, but we were still seated almost immediately. The music was current and matched the atmosphere perfectly. Our waiter came by pretty quickly and was very helpful. He answered all our questions expertly.We decided to split their sliders appetizer, while I got their beer flight and my wife ordered their strawberry pineapple beermosa to drink. Their sliders were delicious. The flight consisted of six of their year round beers and one of their seasonal varieties  (in this case their double chocolate porter called Sex Panther). If you like craft beers and enjoy the whole spectrum from light to dark then this is a good way to try several of their offerings. My wife found her beermosa refreshing, though it was a little sweet for my taste.Overall, this is a great place to go out for a few drinks and some food with friends. We will definitely come back soon.
5	!
3	As a tourist, was looking for great food I could only get in Arizona, near Rawhide (our final destination. Don't judge, Rawhide had good marketing). My brother in law likes brewery and because this place had great reviews, chose SanTan. It was only after we got a table that I realized that most of the great reviews for this place were for the beers. The food was average. Husband got enchiladas - tasted good, beans were super garlicyI got the Cuban sandwich - Meat, cheese and jalapenos, nothing to write home about. I got the Picpoul Wit, was intrigued by the description - the best of beer and wine in one drink. It was a lot lighter in color than I thought it'd be. Had a hint of wine flavor but mostly tasted like beer. I was fine with it. Overall, good place to get a drink, hang out.
4	I have been to SanTan many times and have never penned a review, what the heck?? I have brought friends of from out of state here, been here for friends birthday celebrations, meeting up with friends for happy hour, well it doesn't take much of a reason for me to go, I just really like SanTan Brewing Company.Lets see for appetizer, you have to try the SanTan Slingers,  its smoked bacon, fresh jalapenos, pepper jack & cream cheese in a crisp eggroll with ranch & green onions for the dipping sauce, oh man it's the perfect blend of heat & creaminess. And the Soft Pub Pretzels, omg yum, yum, yum. Though most of the time I do wind up eating off the apps menu, I have enjoyed a burger or 2, I have to say my favorite is the Stuffed Green Chili Burger, burger stuffed with pepper jack cheese topped with roasted poblanos, grilled onions & melted pepper jack and added a side of their buttermilk onion rings, oh damn! SO GOOD!Throughout the year I bounce between the SunSpot Gold or Gordo Stout. The SunSpot is a beautiful blond ale that is just delish & crisp, perfect on a hot summer night here in the valley. When I want something more heaver I go with the Gordo Stout, hinted flavors of coffee & chocolate, it's the best of both worlds! Honestly you can't go wrong with any of the SanTan's beers. But during the winter season say hello to the Sex Panther Double Chocoalate Porter, a sexy smooth chocolate beer, oh man this is some good good stuff! Love it!SanTan is another great local brewery in the valley that has great food & great beer.
5	Love the local Beer choices and the great service.
5	This is a great little downtown getaway, and I recommend it. If you are a crowd person, you'll love the weekend evenings here. If you are a chill person, go early. Either way, expect good brew every time, and really good food. Service was quick and friendly.
3	Interesting burgers and not bad microbrew but both are a bit gimmicky for me.
5	The southwest fried chicken is THE BEST. I could eat it every day, all day long. Seriously, the poblano mashed potatoes and street corn...yum! I don't drink beer. But, their margaritas are great. We usually get the dip sampler and add pork. Their pork is good, making my second favorite meal their street tacos. Sit inside or out. Their walls are open this time of year, giving fresh air (and occasional flies).
5	OMG! This is a must-stop for tourists and locals alike! Even if you're not a huge beer drinker, the atmosphere with the brewing happening onsite is really cool. It's in a former Valley National Bank building that still has the original vault safe. Super fun, the food is pretty darn good, and the beer is, of course, fabulous! Don't miss!
4	Decent to above average food, and great beers. Comparable to a 4 Peaks in the East Valley. Can get pretty busy but it's worth a wait.
4	We came here on ASU Game night , a bit loud but Good service and great atmosphere. The burgers are amazing! We ordered the Sampler beers, and the waiter took his time to describe each one. Would definitely recommend this place if your wanting to have a great time watching the game!
4	The food and beer were amazing.  Lots of TVs on the wall to check out the current sporting events.  I wish the music wasn't so loud, but it makes for a fun atmosphere.
5	They have a new updated menu! Never go wrong with the grilled cheese add bacon. Heavenly. Winter warmer is amazing and comes with gingersnap cookies that are the best.
4	This place is very trendy in downtown Chandler. Great atmosphere, but a little noisy at times. Prices for food are a littli high too. Chicken breast sand w blue chz, wing sauce and side of fries for $9.50 is a  little steep. Happy hr isn't so bad for food prices. $5 for select appetizers, but beer is a little on the pricey side too. I'm sure they could do a little better if they lowered their prices a tad. I would recommend going here only once in a while.
3	Moon juice IPA  yum
4	Its gets really loud. Food is great.
4	I came here for lunch on a Thursday with co-workers for a team lunch. Nicely decorated brewery and very loud. What else would you expect. There were four parties of 10+ people so it was very busy which is a good sign that people like to come here. Even though there were so many people our server was all on top of us. Got our drinks out and took our orders in a timely fashion. I ordered one of their signature burgers. The Stuffed Bacon Cheese Burger with fries. Really good burger. Thick. Juicy. Just enough cheese oozing out with two thick pieces of bacon sticking out. Excellent burger. I also loved their beer battered fries. Really good. I got a side of ranch dressing to dip the fries. One of the best fries I've eaten. As for the service, I understand they had four huge parties and that's the reason it took a little longer to bring the food out. Everybody at the table enjoyed the food which was probably a first. The server also refilled out cups regularly. So service was really good, food was excellent, atmosphere was great (I didn't even want to go back to work). What else could you ask for. I'll probably be back. Enjoy.
5	This place is great. They have a wide variety on their menu and everything is tasty. In particular their burgers and pizza are my favorite. And make sure you get plenty of ranch because it's the best. Is rare to find a below average meal here, but I would recommend staying away from their desserts. If your looking for a great beer try Mr. Pineapple if it's in season-light, refreshing summer brew.
4	We are Irish so used to good food! The food here was very good, a great selection, and the service was friendly, attentive and efficient. American portions are so big!
4	We recently had another great meal, and beers, at SanTan Brewing Company.   Hubby swears they have the best burgers in the Valley.  I had the Mac & Cheese with brisket and chiles mixed in.  It was delicious!This place is always busy, but the service is still good and prompt.  Casual, laid back atmosphere in very cool Old Town Chandler.
4	Awesome beer and food! They give you a lot of food so it took me a while to finish but that's okay because it gave me a chance to try more beer. It was also my first time having a pomegranate bomb which was good (recommended by the bartender).
3	Beer, YES! Food, ehh. Stick to burgers or sandwiches here and avoid specials or entrees.
3	Probably some of the better bar food in this complex. The only real downside is how loud this place is and how bad the seating is. You will get bumped into while you're eating almost every time
5	Love the fact that they have a gluten free menu and separate kitchen for the missus.  Great food.  Great beer!  Great restaurant.
5	We came here for dinner three nights in a row, it is that good. Terrific beer selection and a fun  atmosphere make this place the place to be. the santan slingers appetizer is feeling and tasteful. The Devil's chicken fingers are juicy and delicious!  I just couldn't pass up the cherry stout cheesecake, it is huge and I took some home and ate it the next day.  Come down and have done fun! :)
1	Incredibly ignorant ownership and management!  I didn't even stay after the rude experience.  It's Sunday afternoon...last weekend of the regular NFL Season.  They have the Cardinal game on 5 TV's (also on local channels) and won't change 1 TV for an out of town game when they have all the games available!  HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE...too bad I heard the food was decent, but if they are going to tell me to leave....I will!
5	One of our favorite places to go! Fun and reasonable.
5	Third time here. It's been six weeks since last visit, and the server/bartender, Kelsi, called me by name. Remarkable to be treated like a regular when I'm not a native. Superior service, great beer, and food!
4	SanTan is one of those places that I wish I lived much closer to. Every time I've been here I've thoroughly enjoyed the beer, the food and the atmosphere. They put out some mighty fine brews, and the pineapple wheat especially has become one of my most anticipated seasonal beers. Service is always quick and friendly and there are always cool events going on be it movie nights, live music or parties. If only I lived closer.
4	Amazing staff! The knowledge they possess is just by far none, a delight. Was treated as not only an equal but a friend! Will recommend this brewery to anyone and everyone!
4	We are Irish so used to good food! The food here was very good, a great selection, and the service was friendly, attentive and efficient. American portions are so big!
4	We are Irish so used to good food! The food here was very good, a great selection, and the service was friendly, attentive and efficient. American portions are so big!
3	I wanted to give SanTan five stars. Perhaps our mistake was coming in on a Saturday night. The place was crammed full of people. You couldn't even walk through the restaurant without running into people.We decided to stay anyway, and sat outside. It was pretty cool outside, but sitting near a propane torch heater helped. There were some people outside, but nowhere near as many as there were inside.Here's where it gets odd, for me. Our server came up and introduced himself - after someone else had already taken our beer order - and vanished. A third person brought us our beer and took my food order.Our server came back, said hi again, vanished.A fourth person brought the food. The mushroom burger *was* pretty tasty, I'll freely admit. The fries were good, too.Our server came back and asked us if we wanted another beer (we did).At this point I've lost track of the different people that have interacted with us tonight, so I don't know if it was a fifth person or one of the previous people coming back to bring our beer. At this point I didn't even know who we were tipping.tl;dr beer's okay, burger was good, service was weird.
4	Amazing staff! The knowledge they possess is just by far none, a delight. Was treated as not only an equal but a friend! Will recommend this brewery to anyone and everyone!
4	Excellent service. Nicole brought us a few samples of beer, once without even asking just based off what else we had ordered. She was the right amount of friendly. The fries were amazing. The food was delicious. The ambiance had a great pub feel. This is definitely on my list to go back to.
4	BBQ chicken pizza was yummy.. can't go wrong with Mr. Pineapple... beers were only like 3.50 on happy hour.  Friendly staff, great service... nice atmosphere.
5	Amazing awesome place ! We went the first time on Christmas night ! Had a reservation from open table & were seated right away ! Such a good food selection we have to come back to try more stuff ! Our server was so good ( Jordan ?) & all the staff was great ! Thanks !!!!
5	Staying at a nearby hotel and stopped in for breakfast. Great breakfast on the weekend. Amanda at the bar made a great recommendation on the Green Chili omelette with the brat-hashOutstanding. Great flavor and textures. Service was outstanding, personal, and they made it a point to know your name and address you by it. Gave space to eat/work but were attentive to coffee and making sure things were going great.
4	BQ chicken pizza was yummy.. can't go wrong with Mr. Pineapple... beers were only like 3.50 on happy hour.  Friendly staff, great service... killer atmosphere.  I can't stress 5 stars enough.  If you're in the area you'd be stupid not to try this. ;)
4	Amazing staff! The knowledge they possess is just by far none, a delight. Was treated as not only an equal but a friend! Will recommend this brewery to anyone and everyone!
4	delicious food and drink!
