5	This Park is abut four and a half months old beautiful park in Peoria, Park has a shaded play area for the kids & shaded water park, Grass area shaded picnic and barbecue areas, it's a  great park also nice clean new restrooms, Parking lot is well lit at night. Even the play area is well lit for the evening, It seems to get kind of busy in the late afternoons, Park also has a stage area so you can have a puppet show or whatever you want to do, I highly recommend to come and check out the park the city of Peoria has done very good job keeping this park nice and clean. A fun place for families and children.
5	My kids loveeee this park! I love that my kids don't leave all grubby and dirty! They got clean functional restrooms, shaded playground equipment, big spacious ramadas and a big pond to walk around.
4	Love the family atmosphere with the dogs and the ducks picnicking all together...well, sort of
5	This park has everything! There is a nice little lake for fishing that has a fountain  in the middle. The playground is covered for shade, and there are tree basic areas to it. One area is for kids between 2 and 5, another is for 5 to 8, and there is an area for bigger kids as well.They have a large baseball field area with multiple  fields. This park also has large open grass area so kids can just run around as well.The highlight of this park is their splash pad area! It is a really cool set up and a larger then normal area for the kids to play. Bring a towel and try to joy the Arizona summer.Good job City of Peoria.
5	I love this park, it's beautiful and well maintained. We bring our dog to the dog park here often.
5	Awesome park,  splash pad ad playground is amazing,  son loves it.  Plenty of shade ad is kept very clean.
5	Nice park with tons of activities within a fun safe environment! Cool lake with okay fishing and convienent parking.
5	Best park ever love the pavilions clean and neat. Not much at all to rent. Splash pad is a bonus.
4	We live right by this park and I LOVE it, except for one MAJOR issue. We've seen the splash pad, used the dog park, walked around on the trails, seen the softball games and concerts, etc. That's all great. The park is clean, well lit, well maintained, and in a great location.But WHO was responsible for the decision to put the lake right next to the playground and splash pad with NO fencing or barrier between the two? It wouldn't take much at all for a small child to wander away from the pavillions or the splash pad and fall in the water. Yes, kids are supervised but we all know that no parent can be everywhere all the time. I have a difficult time believing that no one thought of this during the planning and blueprint process. It would have been relatively easy to fix with either a barrier or a redesign of the park's layout. I'm afraid it will take a tragedy before anything is done about this.
5	What's to say that hasn't already been said? This park is great. As a Glendale resident that lives across the street to Hero's Regional  Park I'm a bit envious. Brought the family dogs to check out the dog park and it's better than any of the Glendale dog parks I've been to. We'll be coming back.
5	I brought my furbabies to this park. It was great I have an American Staffordshire Terrier and a Lab mix. Topically when I bring our Amstaff people leave because they think he is vicious. Everyone stayed and played with him. They loved both of them. I brought my son here also and he road his scooter around the fishing pond. Very safe and the jungle gyms appeared very clean.
5	This is a refreshingly nice, new, well maintained and managed park in Peoria. It has huge sprawling acreage that sports baseball and multiple soccer fields, a lake , a dog park for Lg.and small dogs, a water feature play area with various props, a meandering bike path and a bunch of Cabanas with shelter/BBQ and so on.The parking lot is almost endless and nice clean restrooms and seating areas scattered about. Kids on scooters as well are welcome here.I took my Grandkids and probably spent the better part of the day here a couple times. Recommended for everyone. Hope people keep it clean and appreciate it.
