3	Expensive cable. I have basic digital w/HD & Basic internet $130/mo. They bust balls on late payments and they cut off your internet for downloading music,movies,etc. This location is in the hood and you will be approached by beggars for change before you leave. They do a drive thru though so its nice if its not too busy.
2	Yes... Yet another plea searching for alternatives to Cox.In a lot of ways, we've liked their service and offerings. Technically, there are few issues.The issues come with cost. Our Internet bill is now up to $70 a month which seems exorbitant. Then there's the phone service. Once again, technically, crystal clear calls and great service. Here's the problem: we left Embarq for Cox specifically because of the outrageous rates we were getting from Embarq. We were attracted to Cox because of the offer of a flat rate. Yet even this "flat rate" has been jumping to the point now that we're wondering what we left Embarq for, especially since Embarq now claims to be offering a $35 flat rate.So I'm looking for alternatives... especially on the Internet front, though that seems the toughest. For TV, looked into Dish and DirectTV but not nuts about having to pay the huge up front for the equipment. So are we stuck with the Cox monopoly?
4	I haven't had a bad experience with Cox yet, so I'll just start with my install.The techs were friendly, efficient, got everything done quickly and correctly, bade me farewell.I called for service on Thursday. Since I was new construction, they needed to send someone out to survey the development I was in to make sure I could get service. That happened the next day, my appointment was made for two days after that. Quick, easy, painless.I'm on the internet, my HDTV is hooked up, customer service has been fine, and I feel good about what I've got.No complaints yet!
1	Fuck you Cox. Seriously, fuck you. If I could give you no stars I wouldI contacted them before I moved to try and get TV and Internet service. This was all done online, easy, and simple. Until the next day when I got an e-mail response that my order was canceled. They did not tell me why, only said to call to find out more information.Why was it canceled? Oh because someone used my middle and last name and my social to open an account THREE YEARS AGO. So let's see: it's a fraudulent account that owes them money, but they didn't even check names or addresses? Their excuse was that, "technology was different three years ago". I call bullshit. So here is what they tell me: call our local fraud hotline, and they will give you the steps you need to take. I did this, but the problem is the fraud department doesn't have a hotline, they have an answering machine. Any call you make to them goes directly to voicemail. They have to call YOU. It took them 4 days to call me back, but before that I was fed up and called the main line back who told me I could go to the offices for more information. I drove all the way across town to their office that gave me a fraud packet. When the fraud department called me back, you know what they were going to do? Just send me a damn fraud packet. So I fill out the packet completely. I get a police report, get documents, etc. I send it via certified mail with return requested to the address they had on the packet, and not for cheap. What happens? THE LETTER IS RETURNED TO ME. Apparently even though they told me to send it certified to the address given, they won't accept it. My mother then faxed all 8 pages TWICE to them, but still with no confirmation. I still don't know if my fraud packet ever got to them. They also wouldn't let me request service during the 30 day period they would need in order to rectify my fraud issues, so I moved without TV or Internet. Well even if it does come back and my slate is clean with Cox, they can go suck their own name because I would never, ever do business with a shady monopoly of a company that obviously is so greedy that they do not help those who are willing to pay for service, but just accept accounts with the bare minimum of information and will not help you when they have screwed you over completely. Their customer service is bogus and their fraud department even more so: I would be amazed to find out if there were more than one person actually working there. I will never do business with this company and hope no one else does either.
1	You still get one star, you douche-bags. Called and left a message with their fraud department which was amazingly returned within two days, and they told me that they sent me a letter closing my identity theft claim. *click* And they sent it to my old address so I had to run down there to get the letter. I am going to write out this entire letter for you so you can see how they deal with issues like this, with some commentary in parentheses: Adina M.,We are in receipt of the identity theft claim documentation and very much appreciate your time and effort in providing it to our office. After conducting a thorough investigation (LOL one week is THOROUGH?!) we have approved your identity theft claim. Therefore, we have contacted our collection agency and provided them determination. The collection agency was instructed to clear and remove this as being placed in error and to notify the credit bureaus of this immediately. Though the collection agency will report this information to the three credit bureaus today, the actual removal of this collection can up to 30 days (did they forget the word "take"?) depending on the date each bureau updates their database. All credit checks/inquiries through Equifax requested by COX Las Vegas will be removed within the same time frame. We apologize for the inconvenience (understatement of the century!!!) and appreciate your help in identifying and removing this fraudulent account. (REALLY?!! It isn't like YOU were any freakin' help OPENING the account in the first place under the wrong name and address! And I only identified it because I NEEDED SERVICE! If I never called your damn company I would have never known since it did not actually show up on my credit report!!!!) Sincerely, Fraud Department (at a different address than what they put on the credit packet. Nice.)So yeah, that's the letter. Did they offer me service? No. At the very least I should have been reimbursed for my time, gas money, faxes, and certified letters. This whole debacle cost me over $50 to fix, and they offer me nothing, just thank me in a "we fucked up, whoops" letter. Even if they did offer me service, I wouldn't take it even if they were the only providers in Vegas. I seriously hope this monopoly they are running falls to the ground and I hope that maybe this review will pressure others to call Cox even if they have service with another company just to check if they may have been victims of identity theft. And MAYBE this will spark them to actually hire more people for the fraud department or have more information online since this incident had me running around like a chicken with its head cut off trying to fix it, but I seriously doubt it will since they only care about getting money no matter if it is in bad conscience or not. Fuck you very, very much for putting me and possibly hundreds of other Las Vegans in this shitty mess that should not have happened to begin with.Oh P.S. Thank you for giving me the address used for this account. If I was a lesser person I would visit this residence with a crow bar but instead I am just going to pass it on to the police like a good citizen would so these fuckers can be taken down. I only wish you would go with them. Ta-ta!
1	You suck, Cox. I've been paying an arm and a leg for their bundled services, including their 'Premier' internet package. Hypothetically, I'm supposed to get a max of 22 Mbps download. Lately, it's been about 12 in the daytime and as low as .5 Mpbs download at night! Yeah, that's pretty close to the speed I would get if I used a dial-up modem. Six calls over 2 days to the tech support resulted in little help. I spoke with a different person each time and out of the 6 people I talked to only 2 were marginally helpful. They reset my modem from their office and speeds were still slow. It seems like most of the tech support reads from a script, with their solution being "restart your computer." I have no idea what qualifies someone to be eligible for the tech support job, but my guess is you just have to be able to use a phone and be able to read from their troubleshooting script. When I know more about this techy stuff then them, I know I'm f'ed.A couple of the Cox people said the problem might be my router. Because the signal strength was also low and the connection dropped every once in a while I decided to get a new router. I got rid of my Linksys and went with an Apple Base Station. It was simple to set up the home network, but I couldn't get a connection at all. After talking to the people at Cox and wasting plenty of my own time trying to fix it, my wife got the IT guy at her work to help me. Two hours later it was finally working. He tried explaining everything to me but it was like he was speaking Chinese to me -- it was completely over my head. Something about the router not being able to read the MAC address and the Cox signal not assigning an IP address to the router. Not entirely sure I understand, but he agrees that Cox sucks.So, while I have a better network established with a broader range and stronger signal, my download and upload speeds are still all over the place. Every once in a while I'll get 20 Mbps, but too frequently I get 12 or less. Unfortunately, until Verizon Fios comes to Vegas Cox is still probably the best (or at least the least crappy) service provider.
1	Since this is a monopoly if you want cable you're stuck with horrible company.  I stopped counting how many times my cable box/DVR has shut down.  So often I just stop calling and fix it myself.  I've gone through the steps of it so many times, I could do it in my sleep.  They won't come out and fix it, and no they won't send me a new box.  Also told me don't bother bringing it in to a store they won't take it back.  So many times I've missed my shows because it just shuts itself off, and I thought the whole point of a DVR is to be able to watch what you want on your own time.       Today pissed me off too.  I often watch new films OnDemand and they just changed the service to something that is supposed to be "easier."  Ok, fine not a big deal but when trying to change to a new menu it asked me for my pin so I would be able to order a film.  All of a sudden it starts to play some French film.  I'm like "WTF?"  I didn't order anything and it never asked me if I was sure I wanted it, like the last guide used to do.  So I called and after five minutes of going through a dumbass voice machine I ask for it to be removed from my bill.  Here's a shocker the answer was NO.  They don't give credits and of course their new OnDemand can't make a mistake.       This company sucks just as hard as their sister company Comcast.  If I didn't need their service I wouldn't use it but I guess that's what the definition of a monopoly means.  Cox I hate you!!!
1	seems like every other month they are raising rates while at the same time quality of service drops. the occasional down time would be understandable but there is no consistency. Perfect net connection for a few days followed by a few days of disconnects and high latency. makes online gaming near impossible. their "cox ready boost" is just nonsense terminology. you will never, ever get the top (theoretical) speeds they quote in their advertisements
5	This review is for their internet services only.  I've been using Cox High Speed internet ever since they started offering it in the late 90's.  It is by far the best internet connection you can buy.I've kept my high speed connection the past decade while I tried and compared it to DSL, Satellite, and Clear.....none of those can come close to the upload/download speeds that Cox provides.  I have the Premier Internet plan (20 Mbps download & 2 Mbps upload, $59.99) and it's blazing fast.There is an occasional issue with connectivity or the modem, but I've found their customer service to be adequate.  Since I'm an above average user of computers, it is very easy for me to diagnose the problem with their customer support phone staff.Many years ago I also had cable TV service with Cox.....but I hated it, so I dumped them in favor of Direct TV back in 2002.  However, when it comes to internet connectivity, Cox wins by a mile.Unless someone comes up with a more reliable, faster internet connection, I won't leave them.
1	Always raising prices on us as well as the worst customer service over the phone... fighting with us about how they have the best everything and really they don't we are no longer customers with them!
1	Terrible service, their techs and customer service reps are just plain awful, rude, inept and stupid!  DIRECT TV is far superior!  Wayne Gorsek
4	It has been over a year since my 1 star review of Cox. They seem to have a more stable network set up now but I thought I'd give Centurylink a try just to compare and that was a huge mistake. Cox isn't a great service but compared to the other local options it's the best of the bunch. Local DSL is on par with speeds but the bill will ALWAYS be more than cox, regardless of the "special" pricing they falsely promise.
1	I've been a customer since 1998.  Trying to cancel hardline telephone service in Vegas on a Monday evening.  I was on hold for 25  minutes.  Then the rep tells me they can't cancel my phone service unless I start paying for the modem or buy a new one.  Not renting a modem. Between both homes, I'm shelling out nearly 300 per month.  Guess I'll go ahead and cancel ALL my service.in Vegas and Phoenix.
2	I have a pretty long review on the Henderson version of this page.  Please check that out.Long story short is that Cox is the best offering out there for internet.  No other service can match their speeds for residential customers.  The unfortunate part is that their customer service is horrible.  It's downright unacceptable that they forgot to schedule an appointment, and then once it was scheduled they failed to show up on time.
1	You evil, awful Monopoly, cash-grubby company.Currently have the "bundle" offered by Cox. Phone, Internet, and Cable. First off, why doesn't Cox offer a decent combo of Internet and Cable these days? NO ONE has a land-line anymore! Get with it Cox, the land line phone is DEAD.Internet is mediocre. And when I'm paying this much for Internet, it better not be mediocre. Every morning about the same time my Internet mysteriously disappears. It also happens once or twice a day - just no Internet. I've called Cox and they've had me restart my router, restart my computer, etc - but no help. They have told me before that perhaps the problem is MY router, hm, no Cox... maybe the problem is YOU.MAIN REASON I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW:A few weekends ago I was having a party. This party was to celebrate the UNR vs UNLV game which was being broadcast on one of the public Cox Cable Channels. The newspaper had stated for about a week that the game would be broadcast on that channel. So, I have a ton of people at my house and we are having a good time and it's time for the game.... um, what is this? This is not the game, where is the game? I look to make sure the time is right, I switch channels, I switch it back, I look in the paper.... yes, no? WHERE IS THE GAME?! At this point I have 15 people and no football game. I call Cox:"Excuse me, why isn't the UNR vs UNLV game being broadcast?""Oh, we're sorry, we're having technical difficulties trying to get the game up. It will be up shortly.""Oh okay, thank you." *hang up*Suddenly - GAME APPEARS! Except..... there's no sound and it looks like it's being shot with a freaking 8mm camera!I AM ENRAGED. I call Cox again, while at the same time my friends have turned on the radio (where the game is being broadcast) so we can watch the TV/listen to the game."Yes, hello... I just called about the UNR vs UNLV game? Well, I have picture, but there's no sound.""Oh yes, we're sorry, but we're only getting visual right now. We're working on it.""Oh, do you have an idea of when it will be up? Because we're listening to the radio and watching the TV.""Well, we really don't know... (silence for some reason). However, ma'am if you would like you can switch over to ESPN3 where the game is being broadcast right now.""Umm, I don't have ESPN3 on my package. I thought you guys were broadcasting this game? It's an important game. The papers said you would be broadcasting it! How can it not be running right?!""Ma'am, I'm sorry, but like I said, if you'd like we can bill you for $25 to watch the game on ESPN3....""EXCUSE ME? CAN YOU REPEAT THAT? YOU WANT ME TO PAY $25 TO WATCH A FOOTBALL GAME.... IN MY HOUSE? THAT YOU SAID YOU WOULD BE BROADCASTING?!""(stupid customer service agent apologizing and doing NOTHING)"So I hung up and we watched the game until HALFTIME when miraculously (amazing how it happened), all of the sudden when the commercials came back AFTER HALFTIME the game was back on and completely different!#1 - Sound#2 - No more 8mm, grainy looking shit-show#3 - ESPN3 logo in the bottom right corner.... hmmm?Yes, those bastards tried to swindle people into buying that game because they KNEW people wanted to watch it. So they held out on doing what they said they would do until halftime, which is broadcast a football game. They're awful, evil people and I hate them.
5	I had a problem with my new TV. I couldn't control the volume with the Cox remote, only with the new TV's remote, though everything else worked fine.  I called Cox and was connected with the tech person within one minute.  She worked on the problem and tried different fixes, but could not get it to work.  She didn't give up and was finally able to fix the problem.  I give her a lot of credit for resolving the problem in an effective and professional manner.
1	I thought Comcast was bad!Cox is by far the worst cable provider in the USA! First, their basic service pricing is outrageous. Second, their phone service is horrible and every little add on is extra. Third, customer service is worst than the Indian call centers.Fourth, and this is a huge issues: the Internet service is SLOW! I used to pay $40/month for 100mb/s up and down. Cox charges $50 a month for 1/10th that amount on download and 1mb/s upload. To get more it's $300 a month! What a fucking rip!!!!These idiots actually think people are stupid!Whatever you do-find another provider for the above services. PLEASE!I hope these jerks go out of business and a reputable company takes its place!!!!!!
1	Until recently i have had Cox cable for about 10yrs. I have seen the constant rate increases without notice, but the service has stayed the same, or gotten worse. I have called and emailed them at least once per month about the poor Internet service I was receiving, and it was always my fault. So I just switched to Century Link, which I was extremely hesitant to do. My Internet speed went from 1.86mbs down to 18mbs down. I have a package with Prism and Internet without the phone, and I saved over $50.00 per month vs. my Cox bill. I have more channels and faster Internet for less monthly.Cox cable didn't even care when we returned our equipment and cancelled our service. They asked no questions, and asked for no reason for us canceling. They rushed us because they had others in line canceling.Avoid Cox, and when you switch to Centurylink make sure they don't try to tell you that you have to get a phone line with your package... It saves 30.00 per month without it.
1	Very expensive.Incredibly user hostile.Expect to pay $100/month for analog cable and internet service.  Dumped digital cable a couple of years back because I got tired of paying extra for what is available free over the air and got tired of paying rental on boxes all throughout the house even though my devices have digital tuners.  Recently tried cable card.  They behave similarly -- unless you have a cox dvr or windows media player dvr, all channels not freely available over the air are blocked.  I have no intention of paying $60/month extra to get the same channels I get from an antenna; will be return the cable card and dumping the dis-service.When I signed up, the reps outright lied to me that multistream cable cards were unavilable (all they have are multistream cards), and that I had to pay for a service call (fcc mandate requires self install option).  Only after an FCC complaint did they change their tune, but their tune is still "Fyou;  we don't care if you can't use your own equipment."
2	Monopoly. Yeah, I went there. Really, if you want high speed internet do you have an alternative? No. Cox knows this and charges appropriately. The service is for the most part reliable but as luck has it when it goes down it seems to do so at the worst times. I really wish there was an alternative to paying out the nose for cable and internet services. We mainly watch 2-3 channels and that seems to be Nick Jr. and the Disney Channel for my 2 year old, the phone line is mainly used by people looking for the previous person who had our number, and $70 a month for the internet portion that's fast but not fast enough just leaves us going Ugh! every month when we pay the bill. If you call in you can get good service, but we've also had clueless technicians come out and mangle our wiring, and they called in and added things that mucked up our bill. It's like sometimes the left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing over there, and the consumer is the one who ends up having to fix their mess. 2 Stars: One for Internet speed, One for customer service reps who are nice.
1	This is going to be one of those reviews where, if I could give them no stars, I would.  We have the basic tv plan and it has no sports on it at all.  I'm a huge sports fan, so this is unacceptable.  We called Cox yesterday and they told us that for an extra $6 a month, we can add on a sports pack.  Ok, fine.  Today, they called to tell us that we can't add on the sports pack unless we upgrade our tv plan and add on a bunch of stuff that would bump our cable bill up to $100+ per month.  ARE YOU KIDDING ME?  Thanks for the takeback, Cox.  We'll be looking for better service once our deal with you is up.
1	Cox is sending out flyers in "spanish" only.... Why.... I though that English wasthe language of the country...... We were going to change to Cox from DirectvNot now....
1	Went to Rancho & Bonanza location, Beware! Guy name Juan R. Is the one who helped us set up our account. And we do know that we have to pay a deposit, so hubby and i brought $100 with us, our only money that day. He set up our account, took all our infos, and set up an installation day. We came in that day Thursday, August 30, 2012. Juan told us we have to wait til tuesday cause its holiday, labor wknds etc. since our deposit is only $50, hubby and i decided to pay upfront that same day. Juan raised up the $100 bill, hubby makin joke that we just made it, lol. Juan R. Was nice and did good service til tuesday. Tuesday came, we have appt for cable guy from 1-3, we waited and waited and no ne showed up, so i called up cox. They told me cable guy didnt come b ause there was no deposit made, tht they never received any type of payment. We have no proof cause juan never gave us a receipt on thursday, but he sure gave us our new home phne number, cause we signed up for a bundle package. We went to same location, and saw Juan. We told him the situation, and he said he does remember me and my hubby but he never got any money from us. Hubby told him we gave him $100, what did he do with our $50?! Juan jokingly told us that he pocketed it and bought himself a lunch. It not even funny:( it hyrts me alot cause hubby n i went there thurs in person, its our only money that day, paid our deposit and told us thy never received it. They made us look like a liar. Hubby n i are not the hard customers type. We are very respectful, and easy on people, we treat others the way we wanted to be treated. So manager of the store named Betty, told us Juan's last transaction was 2:06 pm, we were there after 2pm til 3 ish... How did that happen?! Hubby talked to manager nicely, surveillance is our only proof that we were there and we made payment for our deposit. Juan gave us $50 back from our $100, hubby lifted $20 on light, jokingly sayin that hes makin juan's $20 bill is real too. Juan was laughing too, jokingly told us that he just made them too. We will never forget that. Only God knows the truth, we were there and we did pay our deposit. Manager said she'll request the surveillance and that she will call us the next day. Well we never heard from them. Theyre thief! They just stole $50 from us. Hubby n i lost $50, god will take care of them. Who knows they will lost something too. I do believe in kama. Who knows they might lost their jobs, home, etc..only god knows. Just be careful out there. Hard to trust people these days. Hubby n i are easy people, so we dropped the prob n moved on, paid cox another $50 so we can have our internet on... Life goes on.
1	low low low ewpensive expensive
1	BEWARE of setting up service without knowing whether you're signing up for a promotional rate. I'm moving from Cali. to Nevada and called to set up internet and phone with Cox. A representative in Pennsylvania took quite awhile getting all of my information and defining my needs, she found the right service bundle and quoted a price. We came to an agreement after many more questions and went back to that same price she originally quoted, then she had to transfer me to a Nevada rep. the rep. took down more information, she ran my credit (I don't allow this unless I'm doing business with someone) and gave me my new phone number, everything was just about tied in a neat lttle ribbon when she finally decided to tell me this was only a promotional price. They wasted my time, they ran my credit and the supervisor got on the phone to tell me they have customer loyalty rewards after the 6 mo., however, he didn't even seem to know what they were and was incredibly vague about what my bill would be 6 months from now. For such a huge company they sound like they're operating out of a garage and will close up shop in the middle of the night, very shady operation. Obviously, I can't comment on the quality of their service due to this experience I will not be going with Cox for my internet, phone needs.
1	This is just for the whole management of Cox Services in Las Vegas.Cox is just like any oil company that pops in your head. Their monopolistic practices have made them the only acceptable cable/internet/phone provider in Clark County and they intend to do anything to bar out intruding services to compete with their digusting enlisted prices. I come from Los Angeles, where we get the same services that Cox provides for about half off. But the price is what makes the difference and Cox loves to suck the life out of you if they have to.Because I spend a great deal of time online for multiple purposes, I need fast internet. To get that kind of service, I am forced to pay $50-55. JUST for internet. In Los Angeles,  you can get both cable AND internet for that price. Cox understands that they are the lone cable provider so they take advantage of this town.Sad thing is, you really can't say no here unless you get Dish or Direct TV. If you do get those services, you must sign for a long term commitment which in truth, is technically cheaper in the long run.Cox will never have lenience on your finances but it's not like you really have a choice. Even the customer representatives are hesitant when they say the prices over the phone because it makes even them throw up. I'm hoping that other services start making their way and once they do, Cox can go fuck themselves.
1	MOST HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!!!!!!!!!! Have just spent the last hour and 20 minutes trying to reset a password to sign in on their website. Did computer chat with Jenny and it was a waste of time. Then Daniel, ext 61944, at internet support was COMPLETLY inept and had attitude. My name is all over my account, don't tell me I live in another state and am only secondary account. UMMM.... I am the only person on my account, and COX loves to over charge me as it is.... Hello.... direct tv?????? yes, as soon as possible, switching over!
1	Lies!! Lies!! Lies!! Lies!!That is what cox is.....I use to be a cox customer and now with CenturyLink...I saw a TV for their bundle service (Cox) and they fully disclaim that a 2 year contract is required if you sign with CenturyLink....That statement is completely false!!I signed for a 1 year contract with a 5 year price lock guarantee on their TV service and only 6 months for their phone and internet.Sounds like Cox is hurting for business....
1	I have a slow connection.  I called cox.  Spent 15 minutes with an automated attendant that couldn't understand my question and couldn't diagnose my problem.   In the end, they just had me unplug my modem and then plug it back in.  I finally figured out how to ask for a live person - to which the auto attendent responded "yeah, some people just prefer to talk to a live person."  So funny on so many levels.  Anyway, I got transferred back to the main menu.  Once again, I asked for a real person.  Then I was put on hold for a couple minutes.  And then I was hung up on.I looked for another phone number to call.  But I opted to chat with with tech support.  I spent another 15 minutes with them.  And now they are recommending that I call in to my local office.  This is painful.  Cox's automated attendant immediatley recognized that I called in about an hour ago.  It asked if I was calling about the same issue.  Thankfully, it finally connected me to someone.  The tech guy did some tests and ended up requesting that a mobile tech comes out to my house tomorrow.
1	I joined the Cox family for my internet and tv back in Dec.  Paid for a modem/router that they said I would have to have to connect to their system (it was either pay for it or pay monthly).  Then we paid another $100 for installation, which was hooking up one TV in the living room, one in the bedroom, and another in a second bedroom.Living had the box.  The bedrooms did not.  Everything was fine for a month.  Bedrooms without the box had more channels that the living room with the box andwas easier to find something to watch.  Then we decided to order a telephone.When it was installed we lost 80 percent of the channels in the bedroom.  COX said we had been getting the channels in the bedroom for free and that I wasn't supposed to.  In order to get the channels without renting another box would cost me another $35 a month.  What a rip off.  I had already paid $196 for one month and one week of service and they acted like I was stealing from THEM?  I have now canceled my service and gone to Direct TV, where I know what I'm paying for (and it's less).  It only took one month to find out what real crooks those guys are.
2	I wish I could give then a zero rating. Just cancelled my membership with them because they lied to me about my rates. My prices increased even when they told me they wouldn't! I went from $68 to $101 out of nowhere. They offered to lower it back down a bit, but it still would be at $88 which is still NOT WHAT I AGREED TO PAY!!! This is complete bs.UPDATE: They offered to continue my internet services at a discounted rate for 1 yr. but my TV promo will "expire" in 6 months. My bill went from $68 to now $77. Still, not what I agreed upon, but a $9 increase is less upsetting than a $33 one.
1	I'm only giving this a star because the install guys are decent, the rest sucks. Normally I'd give this a zero, but i can't so...  I've ordered 2 recent PPV's (one UFC, one WWE) and when you order it, it says "purchase and record this show" which is good, because I work during the time it airs live.  Both shows would unexpectedly pause during the main event and not go any further.  The first time we called for the UFC situation, they rebooted the box remotely and I missed the fight because of the amount of time it took them to do it after being on hold for the duration of the fight.  During the WWE event, the same thing happened, we called to which we were told it was copywritten material and we couldn't record the show.  Keep in mind, it was Cox Cable's message that said "Purchase and Record this show".  Cox said that service was available, Cox sold it to me, and Cox accepted the order, and now I can't watch what i ordered.  In addition to these incidents, many, many  times around midnight or 1am, if you try to use the On demand feature, it won't work.  Plain and simple.  When I complained about that, the guy on the phone just told me "Yeah, mine does that too and I don't know why".  Thats all, Yet, you still have to pay your bill even though Cox does not fulfill their obligations on services offered.  I wish there were more options but unfortunately, it's extrememely limited, and all of the systems available have pros and cons  I may be looking into Century Link, or go back to Direct TV.  Cox is a freaking joke.  When I lived in Massachusetts, we had Comcast, and never had the types of issues with them, so we know the technology exists, Cox just doesn't care.
1	We have a business account with them.  I just need to add my staff to access the account from customer service.  It took me two month 2 emails and a fax, still couldn't get that done.  When the last time I was told it's going to take 5-10 business days to add someone's name to the account.  I don't know what's the customer services here.  They charge $5 for bill reprint.  I was like "WHAT???" Try to stay away from this company.  I will just wait til my contract is up, i will cancel it.  TERRRRRIBLE customer care!
1	They have the worst customer service ever. My Internet only works about half the time. I've been complaining for three months now. It has taken this long to schedule a technician that can fit with my work schedule. The cable package I have was misrepresented by the sales lady and is a ripoff, plus it doesn't always work either. I finally have an appointment for someone to come look at it, but they said they will have to charge me most likely. The customer service reps are not empathetic and they have not offered me any compensation for the bad service. I pay over $80 a month for Internet and local channels in SD only. No HD and the same channels an antenna picks up. I've lived in many cities, and Cox is by far the most expensive cable provider I have had and the worst service and customer service. They also do not care about you as a customer.
1	DON'T GET CABLE WITH THIS COMPANY DON'T GET THE DVR SERVICE FOR ONE IT NEVER WORKS JUST LIKE THE CABLE...This service sucks I spoke with a member of management today at 10:21 AM upon today the manager was rude and unprofessional. I posted a picture of the message that I'm getting on my tv...When I'm busy trying to relax and watch some tv I get this message please see pictures please. The Cox company they are money hogs and not willing to provide you with any kind of service at all. Why do we support a business that showcase this lazy rude sad service. The man that arrived at my home to fix the cable had hair all over his face pants hanging around his ankles. Dirty uniform and most of all smelled like he had not taken a bath. He walked in made comments about how my home was cold like a hospital and smelled of bleach fliped my tv and said well if u was getting a message from cox well your not getting it now and left. I had to spray air fresher because my home stank because of him.
1	If I could give them a ZERO I would.  Forget customer service.  If you have a technical problem....hire someone.  They NEVER answer the phone!!!!!  I wish they didn't have monopoly.
2	I think most ISPs are just not great... However, I had a horrible experience with Cox the other day. I received my bill of $130 and was a bit surprised. I gave Cox a call to discuss how my bill got so high. I understood I racked up roughly $10 of usage fees, which is completely my fault; however, I was not told of a monthly $20 HIDDEN fee when I decided to change my plan. I calmly told the rep that I'd like to just switch back to my old plan since the super high speed internet and advanced TV wasn't a necessity in my household, but he wouldn't even give us back our old discounts! I was outraged at this point. I'm planning on demanding a discount on my current service or demanding my old service at the same price with another rep, but it's just ridiculous how bad customer service actually is here.The only reason why Cox deserves its two stars is because as far as internet goes, it's fast and reliable. Occasionally there are problems here and there, but they generally work themselves out. Although the cable service I get is good, it is completely UNACCEPTABLE to have hidden fees and bad customer service.
1	i hate cox, i hate there service, i hate the people that work there, i hate everything about the company. i wish i could win the lottery and buyout cox and fire everyone that works there and than burn down the building.
1	Everyone told me NOT to go with Cox.  My sister, my kids, my friends.  They all told me that Cox is a RIP OFF.  And now I am discovering that they are right. I should have listened.  We've been paying $140. per month for phone and internet for 16 months now.  Century Link kept sending ads so we decided to call them and they quoted us $85. a month for 2 years.  So we decided to switch because we just can't afford $140. a month . I remembered when I signed up with Cox, the ads on line said "no contract". Apparently, that didn't apply to the internet.  Only the phone service.When we called Cox to cancel, they told us that there was a THREE YEAR AGREEMENT AND THAT IT WOULD COST US $2500. IF WE WANT TO CANCEL.  THAT'S RIGHT.... $2500.00.  DO NOT SIGN UP WITH COX UNLESS YOU WANT TO THROW MONEY AWAY EVERY MONTH AND GET STUCK IN A CONTRACT FOR THREE YEARS.I didn't even want to give them one star but there is not an option for ZERO
1	When my computer expert called Cox for a speed upgrade, he was told my bill would increase by $5.00.  But when my bill arrived, they had pro-rated $22.50, with $45/mo to be charged in the future.  Called a rep immediately (on hold for 25 min.).  She just kept repeating their incorrect billing #'s.  Then she disconnected me while I was waiting for her to research, but never called me back at my obvious phone number on her screen.  So much for Customer Disservice.  Next morning, I tried again and got lucky!  On hold AGAIN for almost half an hour, but I got a guy named CAM who solved everything!  Apparently, the $5 increase was a "6/mo Promotion," but the two previous reps never volunteered this information (uninformed?), nor was the Billing Dept informed.  Sloppy billing practices!  Sloppy sloppy Cox interoffice communication!  Thank God for Cam, wherever he is located.  He corrected my bill.  It's up to the customer to cancel their "6/mo promotion" so watch your Cox bills!!!!
1	I am completely and utterly dissatisfied with Cox (I will be calling them a different name from now on, but cannot write it on Yelp, you can guess).We basically have no other choice for internet and phone service where we are, and Cox is barely better than nothing. Barely.So I'll start with the good, as usual. The internet so far (it's only been 3 days) is a pretty good speed. Diablo III lags just a little, but other than that it is pretty good. Not sure about reliability yet because it's only been 3 days and we had an outage in our whole area today. So that remains to be seen...One good thing is, I showed up to pick up our modem and got 2 free phones and a cool tote bag.The bad. I have literally had to call Cox 8 times so far since beginning service. Count 'em 8! Each and every time I call, I am told something completely different. First the price was different from one day to the next. Then I was told service would be turned on one day, then the next, then it turned out to be the NEXT after that one. Finally, the last 4 calls involved me trying to set up my voicemail which I was told by 3 different people that my package included, then apparently it is not included unless I upgrade for another $20 a month. Completely ridiculous! I literally called once, was told we have voicemail, called again and was told we don't, called again and was told we do, asked for a supervisor and she said no we don't and attempted that upsell.I cannot describe in words how frustrated I am with "Cox" already. They are quickly putting themselves on My List and digging their own grave.And the ugly: I was told we have free local and long distance calls. We just moved here to Vegas a year ago, so our families are across the country. We had been calling them and when I spoke with the supervisor, she informed me it is 18 cents a minute for long distance!!! They did not tell me that!!! So, so, so frustrated. Frustrated isn't even the word. Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious is more like it. But we have no other choice, so we are stuck with "Cox" for 6 months. Le sigh.
2	I recently upgraded my internet speed on Cox to their fastest speed. When the speed didn't change, they sent a technician to test and find out why. He told me the truth and this is it: Until your internet is delivered via fiber network, it is impossible to get the highest speeds Cox provides. If your house or apartment is fiber wired, you're good to go. Mine is not. To have paid for faster service would have been like flushing my $$ down the toilet. So I reverted to my old plan (which is still way too expensive).Just as a side note (and I'm not certain if it's true): He also told me that going through  most wireless routers also keeps the speed down. Only a computer hard wired to the incoming modem will get the highest speeds.
1	Currently on hold with Cox "wait time 10 minutes"You go thru an elaborate menu system to narrow down your issues. Then when they finally get to your call the rep has no idea why you are calling.Cox has been out 4 times to troubleshoot our expensive internet service. The truth is without fiber optic cable the service will never be up to world standard.Shouldn't corporations be required by law to answer the phone? I think they all get away with too much
2	I am a systems/network admin so I've had to deal with Cox in both a home and business environment.  I'm also familiar with ISPs in other cities and states.Having played around with both cable and DSL for home internet, I will give Cox my business... reluctantly.  Compared to the only viable alternative to cable (DSL) I have had less issues with cable than DSL in Vegas.  There is wireless here in Vegas but it isn't stable (subject to too many variables) and is cost prohibitive (as far as I've seen, better for businesses).  The issue that really gets me is the price, which as of this posting they just increased with no warning or extra value.  Compared to other providers in other regions it is 20-30 bucks more expensive for 25/5 service.  When I lived in Portland, OR, my bill with Comcast (also a not highly rated provider) was 50 bucks less for TV, DVR, internet AND I had faster internet compared to what I had.  I dropped my TV service from Cox and went with DirectTV for better price and more value.For businesses, you fair a bit better in service.  Their reps are usually pretty good but they will still bend you over a table for costs but it isn't in the reps control.  For the price I pay for for 100mb fiber service, I could pay half as much elsewhere.Sprint/Embarq/CenturyLink whatever they call their company this month for DSL is worse in terms of service and reliability.  Their support is even worse (though their field techs know what they are doing).  They don't offer the same rate plans as Cox and max out at 10mb for home for most people though they say they have plans up to 40mb and hide the upload rate (which is only 1.5mb even for the big plans).  For my home needs, I can't even consider them because of the pitiful upload rate.  As a business, I've never had an order placed with them provisioned right the first time.  They will eventually figure it out but still.  I swear that the reps, provisioning and field all have different databases that don't talk to each other.  Their internal communication between departments is bad.  If you can get a good rep, that will be half the battle.  I've had more outages with them than I've had with Cox.  Although Cox has been known to split a node and not notify their business customers that their static IPs changed over night.As for Clear for home wireless - avoid it.  There are too many variables that can interfere with wireless so it isn't going to be reliable.  If you can get a wireless engineer to come out and test for LOS, signal strength (receiving and transmitting) then you might be OK.  Haven't tried it myself though for home.  As a business I have used wireless ISPs in this town and have had mixed results.  Avoid Airband (formerly Sparkplug) as a business.I have managed to find a worse ISP though but it isn't in Vegas thank god.  AT&T (used them in Reno).  Ya, lets just say that if they were to catch on fire I'd be there to roast hot dogs and marshmallows.So to sum it up, for home Cox wins out over CenturyLink in service, reliability and capability but is overpriced (so is CenturyLink).  We are all still screwed by lack of good competition and choice in this town (bad or worse).
1	Every time I have been here I have seen a fat spiky haired Hispanic guy talk down to customers it's retarded that he is allowed to do so but not a surprise from cox. Especially because they take so long to exchange things and help others because they have to do this fml
1	Is there an option for ZERO stars?i signed up for cox internet and basic cable television.  i was able to talk the sales guys down to waiving the installation cost (60 bucks) and also get a 18 dollar discount for 3 months being a new customer.when i got my bill none of what i discussed with the sales guy was reflected.  the 40 dollar first bill i expected turned out to be 115 bucks!  i called their customer service and they said that none of the discounts i thought i had were in the customer notes of their database and that they could offer me a 30 dollar discount for my troubles.  unfortunately, i still have yet to see that discount on my bill!  not only that, but they also informed me that the cable tv i signed up for would be increasing by $25 - the sales guy never told me that!  he assured me that the price i signed up for was the price i would pay throughout the life of my account.  all of it with their sales team LIES to get an account.  this is horrible customer service.  i feel cheated as a customer and their agents spoke to me as if i was a liar.  this is the worst service i've ever received and will be canceling and going to centurylink.  BUYER BEWARE!
2	I used to work for Cox Communications and it was great of course cause I received All channels for free and my internet was 50% off. Now that I'm on the outside looking in I can see how much they charge and they DO charge a lot for their services.First off the internet service is the most reliable in the whole city but is very expensive. I have just had to deal with the cost.Secondly, the video service Cox provides is overpriced. They have a lot of channels to choose from BUT you can get the same assortment for a better price at Direct TV and maybe even Dish (I have never had Dish though).Lastly, who still uses a LAN line. I'm sure there's a few people that have their reasons but personally I haven't used one for over 12 years. This is one of the offers that Cox tries to entice you to bundle with but you don't need a LAN line these days.One other point I want to make is the whole "you won't be locked in a contract" strategy that Cox likes to state. Personally I think that contracts are great just cause you know what your monthly bill will be over 2 years and you will not be surprised. With Cox you are constantly surprised on a monthly basis with their nickel and diming practices. It just gets ridiculous sometimes.
3	We had to call for service in our house and when I called they walked me through trouble shooting and was very helpful and pleasant. There was no hold time and it was easy to get through to an actual person. We were not able to fix it over the phone so a technician was scheduled for the next day. When they showed up they parked in front of the house for thirty minutes and sit in a dark truck. We had no idea what he was doing. The tech finally came to the door and I was surprised to see this guy walk through the house with SAGGING pants!  He did fix the problem but only to find he had broke a figurine and just left it on the floor without saying anything.  I will be calling cox tomorrow and reporting the sagging pants, which I took a picture of and the broken item.
5	I'm a senior technician with Cox Communications based in California.  Cox Communication is invested heavily in my training so my skill and knowledge in cable, phone and internet from a scale of 1 - 10 with 10 being the highest will be 10+. I have read a lot of reviews from customers, non customers, previous and current employees  in Las Vegas, NV, etcetera. It's rather unfortunate that even the previous employees decided not to be loyal but everyone is entitled to their own opinion and feelings. The complaints are really intense and I need not to do this but personally I feel as though Cox is been very good to me. So I want to pay it back to the community.  Most of the technical issues customers experience and review on here can be resolved easily. So, I will keep an eye on current customers experiencing continuous issue with their Cox services. I know and understand you're frustrated but I'm only here to help resolve your problems with Cox Cable Services indefinitely. So please do not direct your anger towards me and I promise you, I'll do my best to assist you and make you a "happy camper". Thanks
1	If expensive monthly service and hidden fees are your thing, then Cox cable is awesome. I went with Cox, simply because they were willing to install a week earlier than Centurylink. It was a huge mistake and I should have waited the extra 6 days. 1. i had to call in 3 times just to get my channels right. 2. I've spent 2 hours talking to tech support to fix glitchy TV singals and ON Demand that works only when it feels like it. 3. Got my first bill and saw I was charged $60 for installation, 9.99 a month for a router when i requested the 3.99 router, contour service, which I didnt order, and a bunch of other crap I was told i had to have for my service to work correctly.I cancelled after 2 weeks. went with centurylink prism. No installation fee, free router, 2 free HD boxes, no fee for DVR and about $40 cheaper a month for more channels.
1	I had Cox TV, Internet and landline phone installed into my home in September 2013. By November I noticed that my Internet's service speed had degraded to 5 MB per second download instead of the 25 MB per second I was paying for. I called Cox and had a service tech come to my home. The service tech examined the situation and told me the Cox service tech who had earlier installed the equipment did not use the proper cable couplers and that was the cause of the problem. I watched the tech install new cable couplers in the Smart box and reboot the system. The fix worked and my internet speed increased significantly. I got my Cox bill today and I noticed a $39.99 service charge. I called Cox and spoke to a customer service rep who told me the service ticket read "Installer #5145 reset modem and internet works fine". I shared with the customer service rep what really happened, and protested that why should I have to pay for a mistake made by an earlier Cox installer. The customer service rep transferred me to supervisor #T16512, who told me that there is nothing she could do because the work order write up indicated the charge was valid. Total time on phone was 44 minutes 99% of which was being placed on hold. I will be switching from Cox this week. Bottom line is they are a bunch of crooks!
1	I wish there were more choices for Internet. Fastest Internet? I don't think so. Might as well be dial up. Constant interruptions on our cable too. If you call customer service they aren't very helpful. I think their prices are high. Switching this year.
1	They sign you up on promotions and raise the price afterwards.  Everyone knows this already.  They raised the prices on me and I quit after they wouldn't keep the same price.  Seems like a foolish business practice.  A good alternative is Century Link for internet, we now use netflix for our TV.  We do make a lot of international calls, so we purchased magic jack plus. The verdict is still out on that.  Don't be afraid to quit these guys when the raise the rates.
1	I got my account with Cox less than a year ago for $110 bundle. today (about 8 months later) my monthly bill is $235!!! I didnt make any changes or added anything to the service. The ridiculous jump in the monthly bill didnt happen at once. every single month it was bumped $20-$30 and every single month for 8 months I called and yelled and spoke with supervisors. all I got was apologies but no solutions. I am stuck with these scumbag robbers because I cant get a satellite (my condo is facing North) and there are no other cable companies to choose from. I hate Cox and highly recommend if you have other options dont go near them. The best service I ever had was from Dish and Cox should learn from Dish what is customer service and loyalty.I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau. Do the same at: https://southernnevada.app.bbb.org/complaint/new/51424?bbbID=1086
1	I don't see how a business can justify random and large price increases with impunity. They've just never figured out how to be a good at customer service and provide a value for what you get.  Truly ridiculous.
1	If I could give Cox a rating of zero stars I would! The worst customer service I have experienced as far as an Internet Service provider. I called to make a payment so I dialed the main 800 number but because it was not for Residential Internet Service I was given a number in the automated system to dial. Whatever happened to automatic transfer of phone calls? Then when I try to make a payment they say I will be charged an extra $10 if made through a representative? WTF? Canceling service as soon as I can.
1	cox customer service, seems to employ chimpanzees to handle customer complaints.  I had cox security suite, with Mcafee antivirus for some time now. Mcafee anti virus did an automatic software update. The update caused my system to be unusable. Mcafee now uses too many resources. Anyway, tried to get Mcafee tech support to be aware of the problem, so that maybe they might fix the bugs. I was told to contact the cox security suite tech support team. That team is only equiped to handle guiding users throught the Mcafee settings, and do not provide feedback to Mcafee, for bug fixes. They also wont let me revert to older version of Mcafee that actually worked. no help at all.    Complaints to customer service about the cox security suite team not being helpful, result in moron e-mail responses that had nothing to do with my complaint. Such as sugestions on how to deal with internet explorer issues.   A reply to customer service pointing out I am complaining about Mcaffee, and the failure of the Cox tech support team to handle this, resulted in me getting directions on how to chat or call up the tech support team I was having issues with. What morons.      Looks like I need to start shopping for an alternative solution for my internet service. The prices keep going up, and the customer service keeps going down.  at the very least, I now need to replace the worhtless Mcafee anti virus with something that actually works.     Cox touts free antivirus software, but all they offer is crappy Mcafee, and do not really support it.    By the way, even the original developer of Mcafee antivirus(who sold his company to Intel), states the current programmers of Mcafee antivirus are putting out some horrible code, and poor proggramming.
1	Cox Communications HORRIBLE customer service and OUTRAGEOUS prices.....I am so so upset over the way they treat customers. They act like they own you and as if they are doing you the favor...what happened to quality customer service?
1	If I could give a zero I would. Have had COX in San Diego for many years with minor issues, now in Henderson and got tired of the high bill. Called in Oct after bill went up (basic HD cable and internet) and guy agreed to lower it a little, so kept it. Here it is about 6 months later and bill went up over 10 percent, WTF? Called and they would not get it down. So, CANX COX!! Have to keep internet, but come on $86 before taxes for tv? HuluPlus acct for $8 bucks and an HD antenna (less than one month cost of tv only) later and I am better off!! Customer retention is the pits since loyalty doesn't matter.Once I find internet somewhere else that is getting cancelled too!!
1	If you have another choice for cable service, pick it! Cox is very expensive and the service and customer service stinks!After 25 years we moved from our 40 year old home (old wiring technology) in Honolulu to a new home in Las Vegas. In Hawaii we had Oceanic Time Warner! Wonderful company and excellent service.We settled into a NEW house with smart box technology in a New development. So all the internal hook ups and lines are NEW!  Cox came in to hook us up with phone, high speed Internet and advanced TV. One of those Wonderful bundles they are so anxious to sell you! Over $200.00 per month!The service person came in, was nice, courteous and set up everything. Within days we started having problems with the modem which had not been tightened when installed. So another visit from a tech. Then problems with the signal, this time two "experts" who rebooted the box and said everything was ok. It wasn't, more trouble but this time they sent one lead and three trainees. They said we needed a "signal booster" and re wired our Smart Box, which when they finished looked like a bowl of noodles. My husband had to clean it up, but they jammed things in so tight they are kinked.So now we are having problems still one year later. The system locks out channels, you can't get the channels you are paying for, and you can be watching a channel, change, go back to it, and the system has locked you out. This is a new one that just started. The volume is also driving us nuts. You set your volume, the station switches to a commercial and the volume goes so low and you cannot hear a thing. You adjust the volume up and when it comes back you get blasted or goes down lower so you can't hear!Three times now we have painted our cable box outside because the techs use screw guns and don't know how to operate them, and in turn they scratch our new paint. What a pain! They come in our house, track in dirt and have no regard for the customer. After dozens of calls to Cox, and nasty customer service people who talk to you like crap we have requested a "lead" tech so we can get this resolved. But 1 year later and we have been fighting for a year for a service that is so overpriced for what is delivered! What a crappy company!.
1	I am extremely disappointed in the Cox services. We have their internet service (wireless), and it is very poor quality. The internet is slow (no matter what device we use and no matter what room of the house), and occasionally it will stop working for a few minutes and then randomly come back on. After about 8 months of this service, we got a notice from Cox that they were increasing our monthly bill (for the same crappy service). We just switched to Century Link, and it is SO much better. And cheaper! The only way to get better Cox service is to pay even MORE and upgrade to a higher-speed package... unacceptable. We've had bad experiences with Cox when we lived in Georgia as well, so we will never be signing up for Cox services again.
5	Great service, my internet is supper fast, and friendly staff! I feel that cox genuinely cares about the needs of their customers. 5 stars! Great job!
1	Today I received a call from Mallory from Cox to set up my service as I am relocating in a few months.  She was so polite and a pleasure to talk to.  She worked with my needs and was accommodating.  She quoted me prices and then transferred me to the department that sets up all the details for your service.I then spoke with the DEVIL.  Tina.  She not only had the most angry tone of voice I have ever heard, she was down right RUDE.  When I politely asked her to explain why the prices she was quoting me were COMPLETELY different than what Mallory had just given me she told me that Mallory misinformed and did not know how to quote.  I asked to speak to a supervisor and she said that her department didn't have supervisors.She did not apologize once and if I did not HAVE to go with Cox I would 100% go back to Century Link who I have now.  Cox needs to find more employees like Mallory and get rid of Tina ASAP and look at the impact it will have on business.  Tina then had Mallory call me back and she locked in the prices that she had originally quoted me and apologized sincerely for the misinformation the rudest employee I have ever spoken to gave me.
1	I am over COX at this point.  I signed up in May for new service since I was moving into a new apartment and would need service.  Over the phone I was promised $40 or $5 per month for 6 months.  Something happened and I had to change my apartment #.  They told me everything would be the same.  When i got in the my apartment my internet was slow and when I called them I found out that my service was changed to the lower service.  I called them about it and spoke with several people.  They promised me they would fix it.  Got my first bill and there was no discount.  I called again, and was promised that I would get $30.00 off my bill for 12 months for all my time.  Several months have gone by and I realized that since my payment was auto pay it was not changed.  It is 7:45pm on a Saturday night and there is no one there to help me.  What horrible customer service.  I am really sick and tired of big companies like Cox taking advantage of people like me.
2	I pay about $126/month for high speed internet, contour 6 HD cable with HBO, and a phone line that I don't use (only bc it would've been the same price if I got everything a la cart. When I ordered the service I definite spoke to a really good hustler.Pros- Internet is amazingly quick. Contour is a great feature but $$$.Cons- I am trying to watch my DVR'ed shows and getting this "Technical Difficulty" message. I would rather not have to call to reset my box. This happens fairly often. Also, sometimes my TV shows get cut off at the end so I've gotten in the habit of extending the recording 5 mins past just to be sure. There have been times also where my shows just did not properly record. Searching for TV shows is a nuisance (having to type each show title) and going through window after window in order to set multiple show recordings or delete the show from the list. When I lived in San Diego I much preferred AT&T but unfortunately they do not service Las Vegas. The features they had of being able to reset your box via your computer, record options at 2 presses of a button, and just have a system that is more user friendly was just more convenient and less annoying. It was also much much more inexpensive.
1	so so so so many issues from bad customer service, super expensive, and then surprise charges on your billFILE A COMPLAINT AT THE BETTER BUSINESS BUREAU !!!
1	Seriously has to be the WORSE cable company in the nation. I have family all over the country and cox communications is horrid. The service is spotty and the connection is never stable. I don't know why anyone would want to voluntarily keep this company as a provider. They charge 20 dollars over the next provider (century link) and I changed to century link and the service is FLAWLESS!!! NOT ONE DROPPED CONNECTION!! been with them 3 months now. In three months I lost connection with cox communications over 2 dozen times. I'm tired of *buying new equipment to meet the high speed standard every 3 months* or buying "faulty equipment" according to my old cox rep. You know what u guys are criminals trying to make a killing, offering substandard service and unreliable customer relations. You are overcharging everyone and you are careless to your customers. I hope you go bankrupt!!!
1	I have Cox High Speed Internet Preferred in Las Vegas. The connection is blah. I still have problems with streaming Netflix. The cost is very high at $78-85/month (price  must depend on the number of days/month). I was preparing to cancel and shut down my service yesterday, when I was referred to a "retention specialist".  During the transfer, I was disconnected. I called back, took 10 minutes to get a low-level operator, and was successfully transferred to Retention Specialist where I sat on hold for 46 minutes before hanging up. I called back a while later, and sat on hold for 1 hour 16 minutes before hanging up. Seems like there must be a lot of people cancelling if you have to sit on hold over 2 hours for a "retention specialist". I signed up for Cox Internet through a $50 cash back special they had offered last summer. To this day, I still have not received the $50 cash back card, almost 11 months later. I have contacted their 3rd party vendor Tri-Star, and 4 months later, no response from them. COX HAS SOME SERIOUS BUSINESS PROBLEMS AND I CANNOT RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYBODY AT THIS TIME.BTW-when they put me on a package that included internet and land-line service (which I have NEVER used) the installer tested the phone by calling a long distance number and racking up charges on my bill that I had to later dispute. He should be FIRED!!!
1	I wish I could give Cox zero stars but Yelp won't allow it.I recently upgraded to their new Contour HD DVR box.  I had been a Cox customer for almost 2 years,,,after calling for technical problems too long to list here, almost every night during the first two weeks after "upgrading" to their new Contour box I switched to Direct Tv and am in couch potato heaven ever since.After telling Cox I would rather have kept my old box because the new Contour was a joke with all the technical problems, they offered me yet another lame apology...I told them it was time for them to take some $$ off my bill of over $180 / month and after a 20 minute hold they came back to tell me they were refunding me $9.80 for my troubles...how generous!Trying to keep this as short as possible, but i could list 20 things better with Direct TV..especially the On Demand features.  Besides the programming which is 1000 times better with Dir TV,  there is no lag when rewinding and FF like with Cox, and I don't have to unplug my box 3 times a day to reboot it anymore because the screen freezes every two hours. Cox also tried to tell me if I switched to Dir TV I would not get local channels and would still need them for these channels...this is NOT TRUE!!!  Dir TV gets all local channels!Also no cords or additional boxes for additional rooms.,,,I could go on and on.The remote is half the size too!With direct TV every single channel is in HD with no limited duplicate channels for HD.  Unlike with Cox you can record the free programs you order on demand and almost every channel you get is also available in On Demand.  Unlike Cox, my HBO and Showtime On Demand w Dir TV have every single movie they are showing and every full season of every series that has ever been shown on them, including mini series like The Pacific and Band of Brothers...every episode of every season of Sopranos, Curb, Eastbound and Down, The Wire, the Comeback, Extras,,,everything!  Cox would show 2 seasons max of Sopranos and half the total series...none of the old ones that aren't on anymore for sure.The Dir TV sports pack makes the MLB, NBA and NHL packages uneccessary purchases (though still available for purchase) as you get Comcast and Fox sports channels from all over the country that Cox does not because Comcast is their cable competitor. If you live in Vegas with Cox MLB Extra Innings package you cant watch any Bay Area teams games as they are blacked out.  Dir TV with Comcast Bay Area gets all these games, plus all San Diego and AZ games (Cox gets a limited amount of SD/AZ games on ch 96, but never both on the same night and most of the time neither, even when guide says it's on).  I now get more games w out the MLB package on Dir TV than I got with it on Cox!Not to mention you can only get NFL package w Direct TV and it's free the first year!Also I switched to Century Link for internet for $30 a month...Cox was charging me $60 plus $15 for a home phone i don't use but needed for internet with them,,,no home phone needed w Century Link.  Also my cox modem had no WiFi at that ridiculous price, while my tiny Cent Link box is a modem and Wifi router all in one piece of hardware (you need a separate router w Cox for WiFi).I had Direct TV 8 years ago and it has improved leaps and bounds since then.,,the picture is even better and most On Demand movies are in 1080 definition.Get Direct TV, you will love it...Cox is the worst across the board!!!AS
1	i would like to put 0star for this company. pricey monthly and bad services. Internet keep disconnect every time I'm call in they took at least 30min to hold the phone. Time to say good bye cox
1	Cox by far has the worst customer service of any company in Las Vegas, bar none.  They just do not care about customers after they sell them, their sales lines are always available, you will get a human in some part of the world within seconds.  Not so after you are a customer.
1	This company is the worst. If you live in the Las Vegas Valley you almost have to use this monopoly for internet. I had to get phone I did not want. After 6 months my bill went from $140 a month to over $200.00. When I called customer lack of service they transfer me to customer retention. These hustler when you try to reduce your bill taking phone off adds $40 a month. Anything you do brings the charge back up. Went to cancel service found out they added an early termination fee. Before I moved to Las Vegas I had Verizon FIOS much cheaper and better service. I have also had ATT uverse much better service. Las Vegas Valley really needs some competition in the cable internet service. SUPPORT NET NEUTRALITY! Don't let cable companies have there way.  LETS HOPE FOR A BETTER SERVICE TO COMPETE WITH THIS SORRY COMPANY COMES TO LAS VEGAS VALLEY. IF you are tired of this poorly ran monopoly duping customers file a complaint with the Federal Communications Commission.
2	The service is good with very high internet speeds. Cable TV is high quality also. The prices however are RIDICULOUS.....the price HIKES all the time make me want to lose my lunch
1	I went into a Cox store and signed up for their $69.99 bundle special. I accepted the $7.55 for HD $6.95 for the rental of the modem. Now my bill is over $94. and they won't honor their deal. Bad business. Their phone service had really long delays and the itemized bill is not easy to understand. Even the billing department couldn't understand it.
1	I wish I could give Cox a -10. There business practices are horrible. My bill went up $21 in one month. i have the bundle ( tv, internet, & phone( which I don't use). I called Customer support and was advised that my 1 yr discount ended. WHATEVER HAPPENED TO ADVANCE NOTICE???? Cox can send me  tons of unwanted mail to purchase new services to increase my bill, but are unable to send a letter to let me know my discount is ending. REALLY COX???  I always pay my bill in advance and this is how you treat a loyal customer?? Customer support offered to have me downgrade my services for a cheaper bill. Downgrade to what?? I just have the BASIC INTERNET & CABLE.. WHAT THE HEC AM I DOWNGRADING TO???? SMOKE SIGNALS & HOMING PIGEONS????? I am looking into Direct TV and getting internet though my cell phone carrier. Cox is a RIPOFF!!!! Run... Do not get Service through them..
1	I paid early and in full my Cox Communications bill on 15Apr2014. Additionally, I advised Cox on 15Apr2014 that I would be moving out of my apartment on 23Apr2014 and needed to discontinue service. I did everything that was required of me and Cox was satisfied with how my service ended.  Cox made an all-day appointment for 22Apr2014 to collect the cable-box that I was to return to them. I waited all day, but they did not show-up even after I called them halfway through the day to confirm the appointment. Since they no-showed, they opted to send me a postage-prepaid box to my new address and I returned the equipment to them via FedEx. I called a week after I sent it in to confirm receipt and was told by a Cox representative that they had not received it. I needed time to find the receipt, so I hung up and looked around for it. Luckily, I still had the receipt with the FedEx tracking number and I called back and gave it Cox. They realized that they had indeed received the cable-box and that agent then said that I owed them for the router. I pointed out that I paid for the router upfront at the beginning of service. After checking, they were out of excuses and conceded that they owed me $61.35. This agent said that my refund should be processed in a few days and sent to me via check. I waited a few days and called back to find out the status. This agent (Carla (sp?) in San Diego @ 1105 Pacific time 06May2014) told me that nothing had been done, but since I paid my bill via credit card, they would issue the refund to my American Express card. She promised to "take ownership" of this situation and guaranteed that I'd have a refund on my card within 24-48 hours. I waited 72 hours and called Cox again. This time, the agent said that nothing had been done and that I would receive a refund via check in the mail in maybe 4-6 weeks. That's when I called American Express and opened the dispute on 09May2014 for $61.35.The problem now is that Cox claims that American Express charged back the full $87.65 and not only the $61.35 that I disputed and that was owed to me.  American Express insists that only $61.35 was charged back and that's the credit I received.  I have already spent a cumulative time in excess of six hours on the phone with American Express and Cox both individually and on conference calls with American Express and Cox.I spoke with an American Express agent on 16Jun2013, who at long last, seemed knowledgeable, experienced and engaged. I have no way to verify the veracity of his claims, but he claims that quite a few telecommunications companies (Cox Cable and Dish Network, to name a few) routinely operate in the manner described above. They intentionally use dishonest practices as a way to penalize their customers. The American Express agent is of the opinion that Cox has deliberately used an incorrect charge-back amount on my account. He claims to have extensive experience with similar scenarios.The dollar amount is not necessarily the biggest problem here. The HUGE problem is if I hadn't been as thorough in my follow-up, I would have never realized that there was a balance on my Cox account. They charged me $26.30 plus $25.00 returned payment fee even though all of my bills were paid early and in full. What's worse is that it is not immediately obvious that there still was an amount owed on my Cox account. Once logged in, my balance due showed $ 0.00. It was only because I continued to "Recent Activity" that I noticed the incorrect charge-back and the $25.00 returned payment fee on Cox.com. The American Express agent related to me that he has seen many card members end up in collections and their credit score degraded due to how Cox operates.Shame on you Cox; I'm a customer that always paid early and in full and this is what you do? I can only hope that this helps others before they fall for Cox's malicious scams.
1	For what you pay (and it's been ever so slowly increasing), this is absolutely the worst service we have ever experienced. We are relatively new to the Vegas area (a year) having moved from California where we had Comcast. I have to say I miss them already. I mean I had issues with them for sure (what cable company doesn't have a plethora of issues?), but, on the whole, service was okay & the rates were somewhat reasonable for Cali. After hearing horror stories about the sub-par cable service in So.NV, we decided to go with Cox as they seemed to be the most 'professional'. Yes, we got sucked in with the glitzy ads promising the "fastest" internet speed blah,blah,blah...promo prices up the yazoo, etc etc. Long story short, we now experience excruciatingly slow speed-can't even load a damn web page without goin' on an errand or mowing the lawn first. And yes, I've called tech support numerous times. Works fine for a couple weeks, then it's back to 1994 speed again. What's worse, those low promo prices are just a sucker smokescreen; you get hit w/ so MANY hidden charges, it's ridiculous! We got a landline thrown in a few months ago with promises of free HBO. Well, guess what, the HBO shows up on the bill; when I called 'em about it, they said "Oh, we have to show the HBO charge on the bill, but you're not really charged for it......" I did the math and it didn't add up...we WERE being charged for it. WTF!!!!!!!! Okay, I have to stop now-feel that blood pressure rising ;-) You know what, gimme some local ISP w/ decent speed & my Wii-powered Netflix....oh, and my AT&T smartphone. I'm done with these cable monsters. Time to enjoy high desert living! :-)
1	This company has the worst business model I have ever seen. I've lived in 8 states, and different parts of a couple of them. I have not seen this added charges for connections, having no choice but to sign a contract and not being able to change your service (NOT CANCEL) without being charged early termination since the 80's when cable was new. this should be illegal, I think it is in some states. The best service I have ever received was from Time Warner Cable in Austin, Texas. I am going with satellite and another ISP service. and whats with the phone service in the city? Everyone wants you to get phone service or pay more. with cell phones, who needs a land line? there must be huge margins there....
1	Terrible doesn't even begin to describe Cox Communications. From customer service to billing, they will scam and extort the customer at every angle. Quite possibly the worst business I have ever dealt with.
2	Other then the high prices, I was on the phone for almost an hour to add ONE package! I beg of you to hire employees with some type CUSTOMER SERVICE BACKGROUND!
3	Just an update to follow up after my previous review. I had to make a total of 12 calls for issues with our service within the first couple of weeks of setup. We had quite a bit of outages those first 2 weeks, which finally got fixed for good.We ended up keeping our Cox Internet and home phone for about 9 months total. After the initial major problems with connectivity, we had uninterrupted service for the whole rest of the time. So it was really difficult to get setup initially, and for a couple weeks at first we had a LOT of outages, but it turned out great after that.I never had to call customer service again, thankfully. I was also late on a couple of bills and they made late payments really easy without ever losing service. All in all, I'm upping them to 3 stars. Bad customer service, but pretty good internet and phone service.
2	I moved from NY to Vegas and got Cox phone, internet and cable. Can't figure out why I'm paying for service to Mexico for telephone when I don't know anyone in Mexico. When I asked cox, the explanation was everyone pays for it. In addition I thought NY was high priced with cablevision however cox is about the same with less tv channels and HDTV channels. The cable moves at the same speed as NY even though cox said I was getting enhanced cable.
2	Okay so right now cox has the best internet service in Vegas but that's not saying much compared to companies like google fiber else where. You can get a decent download speeds but they really limit your upload speed, bandwidth, FTP speeds, and torrent speeds. If you do get cox make sure to buy a good secure proxy or VPN because cox does monitor what your doing. If your internet does go down, almost once a month for me. When you call tech support sometimes the automatic service tells you that there is high call volume and hangs up on you.  If you can talk to someone half the time they don't know what the issue is and want to send a tech over which you have to pay for if it was something on your end. Their tech support used to be amazing three years ago but it seems like they fired all the people who knew anything to people who can read a que card and repeat the same things over and over. It's almost as bad as Indian tech support.
1	Constantly have TV channels go down (Sorry for the interruption, error codes, etc.), internet speed varies or gets throttled down too much, and WAY overpriced.
1	This place should be called either, "comedy of errors," or "miscommunications."When my main box died on us over a week ago tech support said to exchange the box at the store down the street. Ok. Done. New box is not compatable  with our tv nor the contour package we have. Please return to store to exchange. Ok. Done. Oh, we don't carry the original boxes here. We will have to send someone out. After 2 1/2 hours on the phone, 2 trips to the store, waiting around for the service guy...8 days later my cable is back to square. Fricking this is your last chance to get it together.
1	I have telephone (2 lines), Internet and cable w/ cox communications for over 12 years. Great service and reasonable rates the first 7-8 years but downhill after that. Cox tried to double my rates so I decided to try century link.during the centurylink 30 day trial period, cox convinced me to keep my service by offering me a lower rate than what they charged prior to the increase so instead of paying $245, I ended paying $130 for the same service. 8 months later today w/ another service outage--no phone, cable tv, internet--I'm thinking of trying centurylink again but looking at the same 1-2 star centurylink yelp rating is it any better? Centurylink and cox pretty much have this market cornered so nothing much will change in terms of service although you can use them against each other to get a lower rate as I did.
1	The worst service ever. We are stopping all of their services. Even though we notified them of the death of our family member, they continued to bill us and take out the auto pay.  There are so many phone & TV & Internet solutions. There is no reason to work with a company like this. Now they say they can only go back 2 months as that is their policy.  No living person & they continue to take money from a dead person's auto pay. Heartless!
1	Hurray! Rate increase... (gag) No warning, and I'm paying more for a package where I could upgrade for LESS. Going to call today but based off what I have read in reviews I am not holding my breath. Though I know its not much better, I wish Time-Warner, Google Fiber, Comcast or any other provider was available besides this company...
1	The Internet works great although I would argue if they really increased speed. My problem is with the cable. There is always an outage such as this morning again and always issues with the boxes! We pay a huge bill each month and I can tell you there are many days each month that we gave a problem recording shows, the boxes, outages, etc. Contour is an expensive joke. We will keep the Internet which is also expensive but plan to try satellite for TV.
1	They are the worst. Lie to you on the phone. Then when you are charged fees that they told you would not be, they refuse to credit your account. They refuse to listen to the recorded conversation with the rep u talked to, even tho they record all calls. SCAMMERS! Going to their office is useless. The customer service is a joke. They do NOTHING to help you. Plus they just look at you with a vacant look on their face! Duh!
2	I just got my service turned on. I just moved into a new place and the bills are all a little high right now, because companies love to charge you fee's for everything. So I am trying to catch up with new resident fees and etc. So the first Cox bill was already high, because of those horrible pointless fee's. So I start getting calls almost everyday on my phone from some random Vegas number. I call it back and it's cox with an automated machine telling me I have to talk to an agent about important account information. I hang up everyday. If I need something, I'll call.. One day I had lost it and couldn't take it anymore, when yet again Cox called me again. It calls me at work, at home, when I am out doing errands... Just anytime it wants, on MY CELL PHONE! Take note, this is the 2nd time I am asking to be removed from this automatic calling list. I get a gentleman on the phone.. wait wait.. let me take gentleman back, because he was the rudest employee I ever dealt with. I ask to be removed from the list. I can't have a machine calling my cell phone. He says it's because of the late fee's. I explained I know about them. The bill was not due until a full week from now. I know how to keep track of my bills. I don't need a phone call everyday. He tells me well that's the only way to make the calls stop, is to pay the right amount. Then asks if I would like to do automatic payment set up, I declined that very quickly because of crazy amounts they would probably take out. NEVER have companies take money out of your bank accounts.. worst idea ever. He then asks me why? I was being questioned on why I don't want you in my bank account!? I said because anything could happen and I could not have the money in my account and get overdraft fees. He gets smart-ass with me and says "Oh well I thought you keep track of your bills"The worst customer service ever... I was so disrespected, just by asking to be removed from the automatic calling list. He still never took me off it. Guess it's not illegal anymore???? This guy hates his job, because all he gets is complaining people all day long. It takes a toll on you.. I understand it, because I have the same job.. But I NEVER get mean to anyone.. because I can control my temper and anger. This guy clearly needs something away from this business.. Next time it calls.. I am blocking the number.
1	My Cox Contour will not play back recordings without resetting the entire whole home DVR system.  It will then playback for about 24 - 36 hours, then I get the 2.1.2.2 or 2.1.2.9 error messages.  Tomorrow will be Cox's 13th service call.  I   have just decided since I've got time on my hands, to keep having a technician come out until it's fixed.   I figure it must cost Cox at least $100.00 each time a tech comes out ($200.00 if two come out), so right now, I'm at about $1,500.00.  Maybe someday someone in charge at Cox will figure this out, but I doubt it.
1	I had originally intended to submit an eloquent review of the horrifying service provided by Cox - but clearly it's not worth spending the time.  Mine would just be another in a long line of one-star reviews.  Suffice it to say that I am no longer - and will never again be - a Cox customer.  I hope all those who have a choice will take the time to read the reviews here, take them to heart, and find another provider.  Cox should be ashamed of both their unethical business practices and their horrifyingly bad service.
1	I would give this company 0 stars if I could. I only have the Internet with them and even that service sucks! I'm taking a few online courses for school. Thanks to Cox I got kicked off line in the middle of taking an exam worth a quarter of my grade. I called Cox and was told that they are getting a lot of calls from my area and that the Internet is down but they are working on it. Sadly, this is not the first time this has happened. I'm an "A" student and it is imperative that I get a good grade in this particular class for nursing program that I'm applying to. Thank you Cox for completely messing that up for me. I will be canceling my services first thing in the morning and I will NEVER do business with you again.
1	In truth, all broadband companies, especially those that provide "lightning fast download speeds", will be just as bad as Cox Communications. However, this is the first time that I have seen where connectivity is down for roughly 3 out of 7 nights and early mornings from midnight to 4am. This is also the first time I have witnessed a active effort by the company to block gaming communications, or Port 6112. Yes, Cox Communications will document your traffic through Port 6112, and then throttle your bandwidth accordingly as punishment for using its cable internet service for its intended purpose, such as gaming, business, file sharing, media streaming etc. I remedied this issue by making a shortcut to one of my applications, right clicking the new shortcut and adding "/clientport 80" to automatically force traffic through the ordinary web browsing port to get around the discriminatory blockages. Cox did publicly state that they monitor traffic through Port 80 as well, but once I feel the bite of retaliatory throttling, I am simply going to change my ports again. I can keep this going more than sixty-five thousand times if I have to. Internet gaming is not even close to as bandwidth intensive as streaming a YouTube video, or turning on your Roku to catch up on your news. I also wanted to point out that after calling tech support at one time (unrelated to going, just overall bad performance a year ago), Cox did not dispatch an actual Cox employee to diagnose the problem. Instead they sent a Cox-approved contractor who immediately identified the issue at the time as some sort of interference from nearby electronics, as well as a faulty no-longer supported Cox-provided router. And then Internet Slowdown Day brought into light of a mass-conspiracy by ISP's such as Cox, Comcast, and Verizon, where they would rather lobby before congress for "Slow Lanes, Fast Lanes" service plans instead of actually doing the proper maintenance to improve YOUR CUSTOMER SATISFACTION. But I ask all of you this, as a fellow consumer. If your internet is down, then how come services such as your local Target or Walmart point of sale register still remain working (that is what happens when they slide your card, local business charge because the credit card companies charge them and it takes longer because it may be simple dial-up)? How is it, that if you consistently cannot get a IP address or DNS code from your router, that the casinos on the strip managed to run credit cards and transactions from ATM machines with NO PROBLEM? The answer is that all three of them have a lot more money to throw at the issue than we do. I am nearly 26 years of age right now, but began using broadband since I was a 12 year old back in the dial-up days. I can personally attest that a majority of broadband providers will simply attempt to monopolize your immediate residential area instead of actually providing any support to your internet concerns. I used to go through Road Runner and Comcast in Los Angeles, and various renditions of AT&T as they continued to roll out terrible service packages.
1	Would give zero stars if possible. Just got HBO and Showtime less than a week ago. Started watching a series on demand. Got to season 2, episode 8.  All that is available are episodes. 11 and 12 right now. Been on the phone 25 minutes and counting.  The person said he will fill out a form and have someone call me when they figure out why this happened. I am now waiting once again on hold.....27 minutes and counting.  So, now it's 30 minutes and they will " work" on the problem.  No estimate as to when it will be fixed.  And......ALL of my On Demand series only have 2 shows available and of course, they are not episodes 1 & 2.  I guess if I want to start a series on episode 11 and then go back and watch the first shows last.
1	I moved to Clark County for work this year and switched from Verizon FiOS to Cox because they have a monopoly here so I didn't really have a choice.I did one of the bundle offers with self-install because it's literally the easiest thing to do. I ordered it online and no one ever got back to me, so I called and apparently I HAVE to have someone come install it because it's a "bundle." I wish they would have told me that instead of me calling several days later. Anyway, fine I guess, installation is supposed to be free because it's a bundle offer... Apparently not, I got my first bill and they charged me $60 for internet installation and $60 for TV installation separately. I watched the tech install them and could have easily done it myself, it took him all of 20 minutes, which is why I initially chose self-install.I called and they were unwilling to waive the fees, not even settle on even just waiving one fee. Fair warning, they'll charge any fees they can and screw you sideways.I wish I never had to get rid of Verizon FiOS. A far superior service and TV/Internet provider. I can't wait for these monopolies to end.
1	Its that magical moment you've been looking forward to for nine hours. Its that golden carrot you've been trailing all day.  Its the "one thing" that has carried you through the grind and got you to the much anticipated relaxing evening that you so richly deserve.  Its a nice quiet evening with a cold beer, a bowl of Mac-N-Cheese, and a Netflix marathon of your favorite show.Except for one fracking problem- some corporate jack-hole at Cox Communications doesn't give a rats shriveled scrotum about your relaxing evening.  He has your money.  Your mental well being is not his problem.  He's busy having his own evening of relaxation in a Gulfstream doing blow off a Park Avenue call girl at 30, 000 feet on your dime.Cox, if you're not going to fix it, then take your money and get the frack out of the way so that we, the consumers, can actually get some modern, reliable, service.
1	IF YOU CAN GO WITH DIRECTV!!!!! Cox is a rip off, They are always raising rates without letting their customers know. DO NOT EVER HAVE A TECH COME OUT IF YOU STAY WITH COX!! What was stated to be free is NOT! They will charge for everything and then some. COX IS A MAJOR RIP OFF!!!!!  And their HD sucks!!!!! You get a better picture quality with Directv and the people are more helpful. I have sat on hold for sooooo many hours with cox for them to not be able to do anything. For being a loyal customer for years I was able to get a $5 discount every month. That is more of a insult then anything. They really do not care about their customers. My advice, Use Directtv and a hot spot if you can. Cox will continue to rip their customers off.
1	I want to give cox no stars but it doesn't allow me!!! I had century link for internet and I never had any issues ever and I was paying around $40 a month for internet... When I moved my house wasn't century link ready so instead of paying the fees I switched to cox! Worst mistake!!! I pay $50 for not even half of the internet speed century link gave me.. Netflix takes forever to load or won't load... Internet randomly goes out I can't even load apps on my phone sometimes it's faster to turn wifi off!!! But the part that's gotten me really mad is that I can't do my job required courses at home!!! I now have to go somewhere else with internet connection because the one I pay for is a piece of crap!!! Another thing being on hold for 45mins waiting for a technician is also pathetic! I expected better cox I really did!!
1	I had century link at first and I didn't like it. So I switched to cox hoping it would be better. Well I was wrong. I only have internet with them and it goes down a few times a month at the most random times and all they can say is that its down and they are working on it but can take up to 24hrs. WTF!!!!???!!! Oh and they kept calling me numerous times, after setting up service, that I was eligible for their cable and internet package. I kept telling em no and to please stop calling and what do they do? Keep calling of course. I've recently just switched to Century Link Prism. Hopefully this will be good. Let u know in my prism review in a few months.
2	Billing issues with Cox gets a big fat F.  Be prepared for that.  I am not alone; just read the other peoples' posts.  Three times in the last six months, Cox has promised me a certain price for service and the bill shows up with a higher price, less service, or both. I have been told on all three occasions that I was given "misinformation" by the previous rep.  That is the politically correct way to say that I was lied to.  The reps don't have much authority and usually have to transfer the call to a specialist.  Hold times for those guys can be over an hour.  Best time to call them is Tue-Thurs 11am-2pm.  Their own reps have told me that they need 300 reps in the call center and only have 150, and it used to be 110.  I never got the prices I was promised and pay $25/month more than quoted for the first 6 months.  The DVR is pretty good, but the Guide program is way better with Charter and Time Warner Cable.  Those guys are also cheaper for more service.  Can't wait to move to a place with a better cable provider.  The cable goes out a few times a week with Cox also, but it is not out for more than a few minutes each time though.  I would give them only one star, but they get two because their internet download speeds are fast (if you pay more) and the cable does work 99% of the time.
2	Cox cable and Internet services may not be the best choice when you have options. The company is large and they like to use that size to bully more than for improvement of service and services. I have been a loyal customer for many, many years and year after year my bills change without cause, they like to play up sell games, and even force you to take services you do not need, all in the name of savings. Don't be fooled as the savings are always temporary and in the end you always pay.This company could be great, increase customer count and be the leader, but they choose to prey on unsuspecting customers, be overbearing in forcing staff to oversell and leave customers disheartened, and worse play the pricing games.The people are good, the process is broken and inconsistent and the product is in demand. A simple fix could turn this company's rating the right direction, but only time will tell as technologies change who the winners and losers will ultimately be.
4	12 years with Cox and today I swear I was looking to switch.  On Saturday my wifi blu ray and internet went blank so I called Cox. I did the Auto reboot method that did not work so they connected me to an Agent.  His first try did nothing but his send yielded internet service and gratefully hung up assuming everything else worked.  The blu ray wifi would work as well.  It did not saying interface could not connect.  I called and a different agent said we don't work on blu rays call the maker, he was useless.  So I waited till today at 12:15pm I called, got some guy that could not careless what my issue was.  I politely said thanks I will figure something else.  Called back 10 minutes letter, got a girl that "bless her heart", well that all I can say.  Again we don't work on blu rays I replied it worked fine till you guys did something Saturday...well it went like this for 3 and 1/2 hours.  They told me to call my router company and or my blu ray company, I called both reset my wifi blu ray to factor level.  The router company wanted to sell me a router the bu ray company wanted me to shut off my firewalls...it was crazy at 4pm I called again, now mind you I have spoken to 7 Cox Agent thus far A Samsung tech and a Linkysis scammer, now I get the Supervisor.  I am thinking finally someone who knows whether to wind their butt or scratch their watch.  WRONG.  She just told the same no one can help we don't work on Wifi Blu ray, but if you unplug your router and modem I will reset.  NOTHING.  I called back at 4 something and JACKPOT, I got NEBRASKA AMY....This gal is the epitome of what Customer Service is all about, she called the Tech Solution people and said she would call me back, which an hour later she did, I was only hold for about 5 minutes and she said, I apologize but  Tech support is unable to assist and I don't want to charge you for something that won't help you, but let me call you back.  15 minutes later she calls and she is as frustrated as I was, but she was the ONLY PROACTIVE Employee at this place.  She said let me see what I can do.  She said I am going to reboot don't unplug the modem or router unplug the blu ray.  GUESS WHAT....IT WORKED.  AMY FROM NEBRASKA YOU SAVED A 1 RATING FROM TAKING PLACE.  YOU ARE AN AMAZING PERSON.  Cox communication please give NEBRASKA AMY a raise.
1	Cox Cable is a joke. Ridiculous prices for crappy service. Yesterday the cable was out & today the internet is down. I pay my bill on time every month & I expect continuous service. But that is not the case.  I lose service on a weekly basis be it cable or internet. When I call they offer to credit my account $7.00. Get out of here!!! Seriously??!! After 8 years maybe they could treat me a little better! I wont mention the fact that their equipment is crap. I have had to replace my DVR like 6 times in a year because all of a sudden I live to close to the cable box. I have lived in the same apartment for 5 years & this only started happening in the last year. But that is the excuse they gave me. All I can say is wow. They dont deserve a star. But I had to give them one to post.Cox sucks cox.
1	I can honestly say this is the worst service EVER!!!! Without fail, every single night around midnight my internet goes down and will stay down for up to hours at a time. This company is such a scam, charging near $60 a month for high speed internet that doesn't work for for up to 6 hours every day? I can't believe these people are even in business anymore, they are seriously lucky that the other choices for Internet in Las Vegas are even worse than Cox and to be fully honest, I may just switch to AT&T because this is becoming the most ridiculous situation. And I really wish I could post this with ZERO stars.Update: just called to find out what was happening. Called the Las Vegas support number (702-383-4000), waited on hold and someone the idiots at Cox routed my call to the support center in Virginia.... HOW THE HELL IS VIRGINIA SUPPOSE TO EXPLAIN TO ME WHY MY INTERNET IS OUT IN LAS VEGAS???? Poor support tech seemed just as lost and confused as I was as to why my call was sent to him. Just goes to show the lack of care, respect and detail this company shows its customers. Calling AT&T in the morning to add internet and TV service to my existing account with them.
1	Pretty often we have no internet connection.  Every time this happen, we have to turn off modem wait a while then turn back on.  I swear we did this like 100 times in a couple days.  Cable side, we watching movies then all sudden screen gets freeze.   It's happen pretty often (especially in good part of movie) too.  I really don't recommended cox communications.   Wow I really don't see that much bad reviews for anything how wondered how they do business thogh.
1	Thet lie to you, when they say they are addind note comments to your file.I called them on it, you call them on it. Nothing LIERS.I tried to cancel my cable & under the guise of tranfering me, they disconnected meas I was asking why the cox rep couldn't help me cancell, over my objectionsas I know you are going to disconnect the phone call.This happened mulitple time, LOL, not an accident.They lied about 17 days credit for outage , no real notes taken.I'm getting out in person so they can't LIE TO ME ANYMORE.PS( MY EMAIL is terrible, with constant disconnect & wrong password error)
2	They are about as bad as usps in terms of customer service and website usability.  Each time I have an issue (owing to their incompetence) and am forced to look for an answer on their site or through their customer service on the phone, I dread it.  I will say, when you actually get someone on the phone, they are quite helpful (with usps you will rarely ever get anyone on the phone).The internet speed is good - better than other offers, but these telecommunication companies have eaten tons of tax payer dollars without laying comensurate fiber.Message to cox: fix your deplorable website.
5	Had a great service installation experience as a customer.Just transferred my service to a new address, the tech that came out to install was COBY, he was a sub contractor for cox from End 2 End technologies. (I read his truck banner) He did a great job, it was quick and it seemed like he was an expert in his field. Cool young laid back guy and made everyone seem comfortable.He also had blue shoe covers he would place on before stepping in my house which I respected. I've had cable installed in the past by actual cox techs and they would never have shoe covers on. He even went above and beyond when I told him I did not have a remote for one of the TVs and he helped me search on my iPhone and his phone for a universal remote app. It's surprising that sub contractors treat customers better than the actual company. I usually wouldn't recommend cox from the poor service I've gotten in the past, but thank COBY for making cox look a lot better.
3	Not usually a fan of calling COX since it takes a minimum 55 mins to get anything accomplish, but this time it was actually somewhat worth it... My bill increased by $70 a month after the first yr, which I was told it was a "price lock" for two yrs.  So the past 2 months I've been over charged by $140, as expected I was screwed and had to eat the $140.. I spoke to VERONICA with their customer service she was very helpful and broke the details for me. She was able to get my bill down to just about the same amount I was paying before the $70 increase. So thank you Veronica, 5 stars to her.. ....now I have to go to the cox store and changed out my cable box, which means all together this process will eventually waste 4hrs of my day. .
1	Cox Communications is a dishonest, arrogant, self serving, expensive company that I tell everyone to avoid. They're advertisements are pure lies as to what you get when purchasing a service.  They're price discounts last for only a short period of time and then you get hit with the full price which they hide and don't disclose.  They make you buy bundles of crap TV channels in order to get the few channels you want.  They have recently improved their broadband internet speeds, because Centurylink is bringing in fiber 1 gig, but before that, you couldn't get anywhere near the advertised speed.  The only reason they're still in business is because they bribe the local elected officials with massive campaign contributions to keep competition out, and advertise intensely, especially that they gave a pittance to a local charity. They block access to sites they don't want you to go to because they're not their business cronies, and they give preferential speed to their cronies, and lie about it to cover it up. Corrupt doesn't even begin to describe it.
1	After being a loyal Cox Communications customer for more than 7 years, I questioned why my bill was $180 a month while I saw commercials for NEW customers who bundle that can pay $120 a month. So I called with my concern, and the representative cut my bill $15 and said they 'were running a special' that could help me out. However, the 'special', wasn't even close to what they were offering new subscribers so I immediately called DirectTV and began new cable service with them. When I called back to cancel my Cox cable, I spoke to a new representative that said he could lower my bill to $140 and that he didn't want to see me go and he 'wished I had talked to him first', but that still was double the package that I got from DirectTV and didn't include HBO, Showtime, or Starz. I understand that business is business, but to let a loyal customer leave after so long without even attempting to match what they are offering to new customers is a shame. Doesn't make sense to let people leave your business and hope that they return so they can get the same new customer deals. Cox needs to take a look at their customer retention policies and realize that they are losing much needed business and looking forward they may be out of luck in the near future with the advances in wireless reliability and the ability of Xbox, PlayStation, PC, Tablet, Phone, and many other formats to stream live TV.
1	If you're looking for internet, cable, or phone services I highly recommend you stay away from Cox Communications. Their services aren't that good compared to other local service providers, they DO NOT care about their customers, nor even their own employees. They outsource EVERYTHING and the ones that are in payroll get paid DIRT for what they do. A company that doesn't care about itself internally isn't about to put customers needs first.It's all about the money with these clowns, nothing more. And when I say money, I mean LOTS of it. Their prices are INSANE while giving you devices, set top boxes, remotes, and modems built in the 90's with non-intuitive software. It's 2015 guys, get with it already.I live in Las Vegas (702 area code) and made a phone call using Cox's LAN line to a colleague that also has a 702 area code. When I received the following months bill I was charged long distance rates for calling him. Confused, I called Cox and they proceeded to tell me because his phone's "prefix" is registered in Mesquite, NV (literally 40 minutes away from Vegas) that it's considered long distance, even though it's 702 and the phone was purchased IN Vegas at the Meadows Mall. This is absolutely the most ABSURD thing I've ever heard. Cox would NOT work with me, passed the buck saying they don't make the calling rules, and basically told me to eat it and pay the bill.Unbelievable after being a loyal customer for two years, paying over $100 every month with NO late payments. You know a business is scummy when you pay your bill, and then five days later, you receive the next month's bill in the mail already! Get real.Unruly, rude, disgusting scum bag of a company. Terrible in every way. Whomever privately owns this pig should be ashamed of themselves.
1	***BUYER BEWARE*** Listen, if I could have rated Cox a "Zero" Stars or "Negative" Stars I would have. They are THAT BAD!  I have been here for about 8 months and got Cox Internet and Cable service when I arrived. Since then, we have had nothing but problems with Cox. First of all my internet service continuously goes out and have had at least 20 Technicians come out to service the issues since getting Cox. The first thing they did was swap out the Modem/Rourter Combo that they first gave me so now I just have the Cox Modem and I purchased my own Wireless Router.  This did not solve the problem.  The Technicians will all tell you that it is not their product or their service. Well, i ask, if it is not Cox's product or their Service that is the issue, then who's is it? I don't own an internet company.  So it can't possibly be MY product.  The Technicians will say the same thing to you when they get to your house.  One of them told me that my 3 bedroom apartment was "too big" and "had too many walls for the internet to travel through." Which was why I was getting a poor signal. Really???? Like seriously?!!? So you're telling me that in 2015 we have the ability to split atoms and walk on the Moon but, the internet signal can't travel 25 feet through a plywood wall? Hmmm...Ok. Next they tell me to get a Wi-fi Range Extender, which I did and the signal is still horrendous. Cox tells you that the problem is with you not them.  So many excuses they have given me I can't even count.  I tried to get Direct TV but the way my home is positioned the Satellite cannot pick up the signal.  So I am forced to have Cox.  i have a slew of other issues with Cox(i.e. the INSANE prices for horrible service and the Monopoly that they have over my area in Las Vegas) but for review purposes let me just STRONGLY ADVISE YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM COX if you're not forced into getting their service like we are. For those of you who love Cox more power to you. But remember, if you get Cox and you experience exactly the same thing don't say you weren't warned. Thank you for reading.OnePISSEDOFFcoxcustomer.
