3	The good:- children get a magna doodle to draw on, - the wait staff is very nice, - the restaurant is very clean - it's brand new, so that's expected,- the pasta selection is basically "create your own", with 5(?) types of pasta (incl. whole wheat) and at least 5 types of sauces (incl. rose), plus you can add toppings to your pasta- karaoke Fri+Sat night,- the food tastes decent,- prices are decent, if you don't add extra toppings,- unique desert menuThe bad:- the kids menu is on the back of the magna doodle, but they don't tell you that, and it's small- kids' drinks come in an adult sized to-go cup,- it took them almost 10mins to clean up (my daughter's) spilled milk- the menu consisted of pasta, pizza and paninis, not much more,- pasta toppings are $1.50 each,- my canneloni (desert) was pretty bland.
4	Overall, this place is great: great food, great staff, and nice decor. Only downside- it's a little pricey, esp. for just opening. Since this place opened, we have been here twice. Both times, I have ordered a personal pizza with my choosen toppings. My husband has ordered their bolognese pasta as well as their regular marinara pasta. Both pasta dishes were really good and well portioned (especially for lunch time). As for the pizzas (perfectly portioned for individuals), both were really good  although the second time was an improvement from the first time. Story: I love proscuitto and arugola on my pizza, as well as mushrooms and pepperoni. The first time I ordered my pizza, the proscuitto was on top and therefore dried out. The arugola had been put on the pizza before going into the oven, therefore coming out melted down. Not the way it should be prepared. I left a comment on the back of our charge slip with a couple suggestions regarding the proscuitto and the arugola: proscuitto should not be on top if working with a regular pizza oven (different than wood burning) and that the arugola should be served fresh on the pizza when it comes not (not going in). The second time we went to the restaurant, the pizza was perfect which means that the management does listen to its customers. My husband & I are pizza snobs and we both recommend this place. In fact, my husband is having his going away lunch with his office there soon before leaving for a tour in S. Korea. I can't wait!
5	Absolutely delicious food and great customer service!We went there for the first time today and every single dish we had at the table was great!!  Hubby had fettuccine with bolognese sauce.  Great sized portion with fresh bread sticks.  Son had cheese filled tortellini with butter and parmesan.  Yummo!  And I had soup and salad....soup was their daily special of Tuscan Potato and salad was Mozzarella Caprese.  The soup was probably one of the best that I've ever had.  Simply amazing!  The salad was your standard caprese, but with toasted nuts.  Added a great dimension to the dish.Customer service was wonderful.  Our waiter Matt was attentive without hovering.  He even asked for a military discount for us from his manager when he saw that we used a military bank.  WOW!  That type of service doesn't happen often in this town!!!All in all, a definite 5 star experience for us!!!!
2	Not good food, edible but not tasty and way overpriced.  If I wanted soup I would have ordered soup, but the pasta dish was so watery it might as well have been.  Service was good enough but I won't be back.
4	I stopped by earlier because I was craving a margherita pizza. As I pulled into the parking lot, I noticed something strange. There were no cars outside. What is going on? I parked my car. Got out. Walked over to the front door. The was a sign that said they were closed indefinitely. I looked inside and all the furniture was gone. What happened?!! I drove by last week and they were still in business.I still gave them 4 stars because I'm a fan. I guess I'll have to stop by the one on rainbow instead. Now where do I go for pizza in North Las Vegas?
1	Drove by last week and it looks like this place has gone belly up.  CLOSED
