5	This is my new favorite tea house in Glendale. For this non-coffee drinker it a key differentiating feature: an amazing selection of loose tea. And these are not just the same blends you can find anywhere else, but many are inventions of the proprietors own choosing. The atmosphere is at the same time upscale and homey; I totally love the fireplace. The location is a little out of the way, but we finally do have an amazing coffee house in Glendale.  Next time, I'll try the food.
5	This is a place to go to feel appreciated and have great coffee or tea. I have not tried their food yet. Many times I go and have a great conversation with someone working there who will offer suggestions or samples. I love it when they do that! They have put a lot of heart and thought into their business and customers. I love that they do a free paperback book exchange.  On certain Friday evenings they are open late and have music.
4	Another adorable little gem in Glendale!So on my "field trip" last week, I had Danica show me around Historic Downtown Glendale and we made a pit stop here for lunch. We were welcomed by a fellow named Dave (who I later learned is a native Detroiter too).  He took our food orders (a grilled chicken salad for Danica and a spinach salad for me) and then our drink orders.  He sold me on the tea creation of the day, which was a cranberry mate breeze - I loved it!This locally owned little place has a ton of character, fresh food, and awesome drinks... make sure to stop by when you're in the area!
5	I don't do caffeine anymore, or calories for that matter... so this is my fave place to eat yummy & healthy guilt free food!They can make pretty much any tea you can think of- I used to love chai(but I'm off caffeine, remember?) so now I always get the vanilla rooibus tea  with soy milk & a little splenda of course.  And I love their roasted chicken salad for lunch.  Something about the way they make it- I wonder what the secret ingredient is!Best part- when you get a salad or sandwich, you can add on a large tea of coffee for just $1.What more can you ask for?
5	Excellent sandwiches and salads! I LOVE THE TEA! The owners and employees are friendly and welcoming. if you haven't visited Coffee & Tea Express, you need to.
5	This is the best coffee & tea shop in town. The espresso stands on its own, but you must try the honey shot. You will dream about it! The iced teas are great and they have a great variety, which is hard to come by these days. What I love is that they are always experimenting with different drinks and turning coffee & tea not into a beverage, but a liquid art.Overall, this is a great place if you love coffee and/or tea and the  owner and barista's will make you feel at home.
4	Each time I have gone in, the service has just been better and better. I like their hours, selection, and location.Delicious drinks - I especially enjoyed the blended soy chai latte that I had there.Vegetarian option - Having lunch with friends there I was pleasantly surprised to find a delicious vegetarian sandwich.I highly recommend visiting.
3	11/18/10On the day I stopped by here for what I thought would be just a cup of coffee and some down time to write a review or two, I found out that Coffee & Tea Express had experienced a burglary-- windows were smashed and a TV was ripped off the wall.  This happened in the early morning hours, and had I not overheard otherwise, I'd never have known it-- the place was disheveled just enough to show that customers read the news while they enjoyed a cup o' joe, grabbed a bite, and/or worked on their laptops.  The barista/phone operator/sweeper/cashier had his work cut out for him as he took my order for some coffee and a salmon burger (I was failing at my attempt to hold out for the OYE at the Pink House an hour later); answered my questions about the ingredients in their bread products; and jotted down a phone order for takeout, all while maintaining a clean environment.  He said I could pay for my meal at the end, when I was ready to leave.  How convenient!Did I forget to mention that the barista made my coffee from beans he'd just ground up right before my eyes?  Talk about serving a fresh cup, and all for $1.60!  The salmon burger was made w/ previously frozen Alaskan salmon fillet.  I knew this, bec. the otherwise tasty, buttery, crisped, yet flaky salmon patty, w/ crisp large-leafed lettuce and tartar sauce, on a buttery, crisped, and flaky croissant had edges that were still frozen.  If it weren't for the fact that I had an OYE to go to, where there's a promise of more food and drink (in actuality, there wasn't!), I might've felt more disappointment over this mishap, but I took cutting away the frozen bits as an opportunity to lower my calorie-intake at the coffee house!  :)Free wi-fi, good coffee, and sincerely friendly customer service make this coffee shop a winner that I wouldn't mind visiting again!
4	Fun little place but a bit slow sometimes.  With only one person taking orders it can be frustrating to hear them go through the options over and over, and I mean over and over, and yet I just want a damn cup of drip coffee.  Parking not bad.  Prices alright.  I'll be back.
5	The food is fantastic! Thier chicken apple chili is to die for and thier coconut tea is awesome. The owner is a fantastic lady and never too busy to talk to her clientel. I felt really at home and love this place.
2	Wish I cold have tried it.  Giving it a 2 for being closed at 4pm on Saturday.  I hope to give it a try if they are ever open later than 3:30 on the weekend & 6 pm weekdays.
5	I love the Madagascar coconut white tea! The prices and very reasonable, only downfall for me is they don't list the caffeine content;(
1	Sandwiches were horrible and the coffee was weak. Probably why this place closed.
