2	Best Chinese food in the area because I think it's the only Chinese food in the area. Hop on the metro and head to Chinatown, this place is expensive and really nothing special.
1	Very disapointing. This used to be a very good restaurant. I don't know what has happened- if it's under new management or what, but we  used to go there all the time and it was great. But now... it is anything but. The ribs were boiled in water and tasteless, the general tao was really hard and the sauce really overly salty. The fried shrimp was okay, but the sauce was the exact same as the general tao sauce. Kind of weird.  Also, we ordered some steamed rice and some sticky rice, and though it came in different shaped bowls it was the same rice (and both were over cooked and mushy).
3	This is a place you can enjoy chinese food in candlelight with real silverware on a white tablecloth. The food is more than decent, but Tao is pricier than your local greasy-wok, and more North Americanized than eateries in Chinatown. The place is often so quiet that it dissuades you from speaking...
4	I love this place.  Nice menu, both a la carte  and combination supper.  Very clean!So nice to be able to have Chinese in the " hood"
4	Tao Restaurant is right next door to where I live, and can have the food at my doorstep literally 15 minutes after I hang up the phone.
3	I love Szechuan, and Tao is in my neighborhood.  It's great to be able to go out for dinner on impulse and still indulge in Szechuan cuisine.  That is what my husband and I did last night.  I have been to Tao before, but not lately.  I think the quality has not changed over the past year or more.  It is solidly 3-star: average for this kind of food.  Given that it was an impulsive outing and nearby, I am happy with that.About Tao: the service was slow at first, but once the waitstaff discovered us they were sufficiently attentive, and certainly very nice.  We sat inside, but there is also outside seating (it was full), and both are pleasant.  I am addicted to peanut sauce and to crispy spinach, so I was determined to have both if possible.  I got the peanut sauce in vegetarian Hunan dumplings: good, but I've had better.  We ordered the crispy spinach as a side dish.  I've had crispy spinach that sent me into rhapsodies and this one did not, but it was good.  There were quite a few stems in it, which I have not noticed in this dish before.  There were several vegetarian choices, and all looked good so it was a difficult choice.  I finally chose tofu with yellow curry sauce and Asian green vegetables.  There were a lot more yellow/orange vegetables than green ones -- mainly yellow pepper slices -- but the sauce was good and the dish was totally acceptable.  Again, everything was good but nothing was great.  My husband had a shrimp dish, and he found it good.  Tao gives you a couple of almond cookies and some candied pecans after dinner -- very generous of them, and a lovely ending to the meal.We did not order a bottle of wine because my husband wanted a beer, so I had a glass of wine. I chose a Cote du Rhone -- very good.Overall, we were happy with our neighborhood dinner and I fully intend to go back.
1	We ordered take out tonight for the Yankee game. 3 Egg rolls , 2 orders of dumplings in peanut sauce, and 2 orders of general Tao chicken. The order arrived in 20 minutes and it was still hot. The dumplings were good. the sauce was fine. But that's the only positive note I can make, for a 58.00 order plus 20 percent for the delivery man. The egg rolls were overlooked - in oil that was long gone. Dark brown, hardened to black edges. The chicken was no better. Nearly blackened on the outside, and yet without the sweet crunchy flavor we all expect of the ever popular General Tao. Soft and oily, slightly bitter, with none of that simple sweet comfort food General Tao flavour. My young teens were as unimpressed as I. This is the first time I've seen these two carnivores leave Chinese fried chicken on their plates. But It was a good night for Leo the dog!I called he restaurant and let them know we were disappointed. There was no offer of any recompense, and only a rather insincere apology. Even after I said It was the last meal we would order from the restaurant.I would never order out again, it's too difficult to send the plate back to the kitchen. A visit to the restaurant is a safer bet. But I wouldn't bother with that either. Yelp requires at least 1 star. but I'd like to  give them a negative 5 stars!
1	We ordered take out tonight for the Yankee game. 3 Egg rolls , 2 orders of dumplings in peanut sauce, and 2 orders of general Tao chicken. The order arrived in 20 minutes and it was still hot. The dumplings were good. the sauce was fine. But that's the only positive note I can make, for a 58.00 order plus 20 percent for the delivery man. The egg rolls were overlooked - in oil that was long gone. Dark brown, hardened to black edges. The chicken was no better. Nearly blackened on the outside, and yet without the sweet crunchy flavor we all expect of the ever popular General Tao. Soft and oily, slightly bitter, with none of that simple sweet comfort food General Tao flavour. My young teens were as unimpressed as I. This is the first time I've seen these two carnivores leave Chinese fried chicken on their plates. But It was a good night for Leo the dog!I called he restaurant and let them know we were disappointed. There was no offer of any recompense, and only a rather insincere apology. Even after I said It was the last meal we would order from the restaurant.I would never order out again, it's too difficult to send the plate back to the kitchen. A visit to the restaurant is a safer bet. But I wouldn't bother with that either. Yelp requires at least 1 star. but I'd like to  give them a negative 5 stars!
2	Kind of pricey for the food. Definitely paying for the decor
