3	Love this place!! Bottom line is that ALL laser hair removal, and really any permanent or semi-permanent hair removal hurts. Either you want the results or you dont! Personally I do, I have PCOS so hair removal is necessary once you get to a certain age. This is amazing because you see instant results. I shave a lot less and need no more waxing or tweezing! The temporary pain from the laser is very real and it's important to take some ibuprofen or something a half hour before you go. You should also take something after you leave, to help with the pain that feels more like a sun burn than anything else. Aloe helps with the healing process as well. But other than that, it is a simple and clean process. Simplicity makes payment plans easy and the appointment process is ok as long as you follow up with the facility after you make your appointment to ensure it is booked properly. They also send confirmation emails and reminder calls so you can stay on track. The women in Henderson are really nice and don't talk too much. I feel very comfortable with them. I get full body done and it's important to feel comfortable with the people who see you naked! :) I have recommended this place to everyone I know.
5	I'll update each time I go. Today was my first visit. Ive never done laser hair removal and found the lady to be super friendly, made me feel comfortable and in the end i purchased a package to do my entire body! The tech did mention the ice and numbing cream and the fact that each session she would turn the dial up a bit from the last time. Session #1 down of 24 ;)
5	Had my first appointment. They were very friendly, personable, and professional. It is a quick treatment. While it is the first appointment, the laser was set at its lowest settings. It's gunna suck as it gets to the higher settings in the later sessions but that is  just how laser hair removal is. I believe the prices here are great. Their schedule workswell with my schedule. I will come back and update at a later session.
1	The pricing is good and the girls are great BUT.... good luck getting an appointment. They oversell groupons and packages and they do not have the manpower to keep up with it all. Their current schedule is full thru the end of the year. I asked to be let out of my contract since I can't get an appointment and they refused.Do yourself a favor and go somewhere that can handle their clients needs. This company is only concerned with getting people signed up and not performing the service.
3	Pros:Pricing, ServiceCons:Appointments are booked our weeks and weeks ahead and if you cancel, you're SOL. Several times we got called in the day of service that laser broke. We were promised a call back with a prompt reschedule and both times nobody called. We had to reschedule a few days later and in a different office further away.
2	It's true what you read about it being totally booked.  If you have to cancel and reschedule, good luck, you will not be seen till like a month or so later. They cancelled one of my appointments and reschedule me but the time I was given wasn't the same time the gentleman told me on the phone. So I was there an hour and half early thinking my appointment was one time, and what the male receptionist told me on the phone and what he put me down wre 2 different times.  I was pist!!!!!! I don't do good waiting especially when it's not expected.  I called the main number to see if I can go to a different office and they said you have to stay at the office you signed up for. If I wanted to change there will be a fee.  My older sister just had her first appointment the other day at the summerlin off and upon arriving they didn't see her because she had her daughters with her. They never stated that you couldn't take kids. My nieces are not babies or toddlers they could of waited in the waiting room being it was her first time. It literally less than 10 min. When I went I did my full body and I was done like in 20, which makes me wonder do they know what there doing.  Since I can't get out of my contract, I guess I have to wait and see how this works. I guess that saying is true. You pay for what you get.
4	nicole was friendly. Quick . in & out. 1st appointment.  No complaints. Haven't seen results yet. I go in for my next appointment in a about a week n a half. 6 weeks between.                 Clean office. A little chilly tho. Got to wear some snazzy  sunglasses during the treatment. I will be back to use the rest of my groupon.
5	Nicole is amazing! Super quick and painless. The new laser is even better in that it shoots cooler air than the last. Not sure if it is better than the old one but I'm happy to know that I don't have to worry about pain. I had laser treatments on my face and those required numbing cream before each treatment; the treatments were still painful! I have been going for about 5 months and have noticed some results. Either way I love Simplicity because the monthly cost is low and the staff is amazing. Especially Nicole! Don't forget to tip :)
4	I had a Groupon and decided to try this place out.  The place is clean.  The ladies are always pleasant and professional.  I am very happy with my results so far.  I, personally, have never had any problem with scheduling or rescheduling.  The only complaint is that it is a bit far from my house, but there is nothing to be done about that.  The above address is incorrect. They have moved to 870 Seven Hills Drive in Henderson.  I would definitely recommend them to anyone.
3	ok so.. I to am a GROUPONER...got the brazilian 6 treatments..everytime i get a different girl.. so their technique is different as well as I have to be specific on certain areas that they tend to miss.the price is ok, I feel like they try to upsell me more treatments everytime i go in... ( whats new)They say you get a free numbing cream.. never got that..they are pretty booked up so getting an appointment is pretty hard.Their laser techs: are either estheticians, or worked in med spas .... so their certifications really vary here.the procedure i reccomend: i saw pretty good results, ive missed one and it seems everything is growing still.. so we shall see.BUT OVER ALL YOU NEED MORE THAN JUST THE 6 TREATMENTS THEY START YOU WITH.
2	went for my first treatment yesterday.  I've had laser hair removal before and had great results, but am very leery of Simplicity.  The tech used the laser to sweep over the area for literally 30 seconds and said she was done.  I have very little hair to begin with and they have already started growing in again today.  I am pretty sure they put the lasers on really low settings and do a quick sweep rather than taking their time to pinpoint each follicle so clients will have to return and do way more sessions than necessary.  I would go somewhere else that costs more and actually gets the job done.
5	I finally purchased the groupon after wanting to commit to laser hair removal for so long! I was kind of thrown off by many bad reviews from clients. Despite the negativity I decided to give them a chance. My first appointment was booked about two weeks out, which sucked because I was looking for something instant. But after all it was worth the wait! The girls were great & the paperwork was short and simple. The woman doing my treatment was very patient with me explaining everything step by step. And the best part was it was completely painless vs. many painful lasers I've tried before! I look forward to my next treatment :)
5	I've gotten both my underarms $99 and bikini $100 area done. I first began with Simplicity through Groupon but now they offer the same deals without having to go through Groupon. They're about 3 miles from my place and my wait time is under 5 minutes and so is the treatment. They're always extremely friendly and when i've had to rebook for any reason, its never been a problem, so i dont know why people are giving negative points based on canceling appointments and charges but i always pay in cash all the time.I wish i'd done this much sooner, ya know?  Today will be my 7th treatment for my bikini area, so its time to apply Dr. Numb, ciao!!
4	While trolling Groupon I came across Simplicity Laser's AMAZING deals. I was a HUGE skeptic.... so while discussing whether it was safe, worth it, or a scam at the theater I work in a few of the performers vouched heavily for Simplicity and have been using their services in both their Summerlin and Henderson offices previous to their Groupon offers. So I went ahead and started with their $99 eight treatments on a small area deal just to feel it out.When I called to schedule an appointment Jenni told me about all their awesome membership deals, so I upgraded to a full face membership. Usually I am very firm with sales people because I go into conversations very educated about the service or item I am about to purchase, but upgrading my Groupon made so much sense for the price and the long term benefits. Still a little wary about how my very sensitive skin would react to the actual pain and the few weeks post treatment I was hesitant about the full body membership even though I was SO READY to be hairless from the nostrils down. Luckily the girls in the office were kind and easy going and made sure I knew everything that was happening as we went along. I upgraded to the full body membership before I left their office.Basically the break down for the memberships are paid monthly over an 18 month span. Unlimited treatments on what ever area(s) you have purchased. After the 18 months you are a member for life so you will receive free touch ups if something sprouts up or hormones change and cause new growth.What makes me hesitant to go for 5/5 stars is the pushy fact that they are all sales people for the most part. They all want that kick back from your upgrade referral. I really would have preferred to put my clothes back on at the end of first treatment and not had the "call me if you want to upgrade" final talk.
2	Waste of money. I signed the $99 a month contract for two yrs for my entire body (face,torso,arms,privates & legs). My contract ends in a month and I'm not satisfied with my results. After 2 years of MULTIPLE treatments (more than 10 on almost every part of my body), I'm still getting hair. It only works on dark, THICK hair, so bikini, underarms and lower legs. The only 3 areas that have left me somewhat satisfied. It will NOT work if you only have dark hair, light skin. It NEEDS to also be pube THICK hair lol. *6-8-10 treatments will not be enough ladies, keep that in mind. *And scheduling is a joke. They are crazy booked.
2	I have been a recurring customer of Simplicity Laser for over one year, and I will try to list out my favorite and least favorite things about their office.  Favorite:1 - They always have a friendly front desk person, with a personality.2 - Their equipment, when working, is so much less painful than previous laser experiences I have had in the past (albeit a long time back).  3 - The office is clean, and in a good location.Least Favorite (in order of importance):1 - While the price is good, the "re-scheduling scam" is that just like a gym, they make money by your no-shows and push you off to the latest possible date.  I am having 6 areas done on my body - on an unlimited package.  Paying $XX monthly is not the concern, if I miss one appointment, I may have to wait six weeks for the next empty slot.  This is not an optimally run business for customers.  They don't care about hair growth - or else they would expand.  They would expand if it was optimal for them, not just their customers.2 - They frequently cut appointments short because of cleanup time - but you always see staff members talking and spending time doing trivial things before and after.  Certain body parts can be managed in 5 minutes but they would rather push you off for another 6 weeks.  Lengthening your total contract needed.3 - The equipment often breaks.  2 out of the last 5-6 times I was there, one of their 2-3 rooms was shut down, so they had to use a machine without the fan.  That machine is old-school, and very painful.Look, if they get their act together - it is a very effective service.  I would have paid double and been happy getting more regular available slots.  Unfortunately, I am being strung along and they leave you in a "hairy" situation.
5	I visit the Summerlin location- I initially purchased my treatments through Groupon. I started with my full face. The treatment was almost painless and I was in and out in 20 minutes. I didn't break out or have any sensitivity. 4 weeks after my first visit I noticed that my hair took longer to grow out and was finer. I called back and signed up for full body treatment. My hair is very dark, and course and naturally grows very fast. I've treated my abs, legs, lower back, full face and underarms. I am so happy with my treatments. I feel like the money I spend is so worth it!! I'm glad I chose Simplicity over another laser hair removal company. I feel very lucky that I found a company that has knowledgeable staff.
