5	This is NOT the buffet that used to occupy this building. This is a full-service restaurant, and although it also uses "South China" in its name, it is the antithesis of the 2-star buffet establishment that used to be here.After you are seated by the friendly hostess, you are given two menus. The shorter "American" menu lists dishes familiar to diners used to "Americanized Chinese" restaurants: beef and broccoli, lo mien, chow fun, and the like. The longer "Hong Kong Style" menu lists dishes characteristic of the more authentic Southeastern Chinese dining establishments.  For example, you'll find Hong Kong style roast pork and roast duck, veggies such as choy sum and sweet pea shoots, various kinds of seafood and tofu dishes, and even dishes that are daunting for the less adventurous American diner (example: fried intestines). My friend and fellow yelper John M. (lucky guy, he lives near this place) and I thoroughly enjoyed our orders here. The ingredients were really fresh, the shrimp and fish so succulent and tender, the sauces very flavorful without being overly seasoned, the deep-fried tofu still silky and tender within, the fried rice treated lightly so that it was not greasy. Great food at good prices - most of the entrees are in the $7.95 to $11.95 range.Glad to have this establishment here, especially since I'm in the Melrose District often.
2	Fresh vegetables, quality a bit low for the prices, too much Mexican influence. Bright and clean.--bright, clean and quiet. it's what i look for in a Chinese restie.--well staffed to handle all 30 tables promptly and courteously--rotisserie in corner showcases the roast duck and other delicacies--spicy squid, a specialty, has no oomph, just greasy glooph. even the sliced jalapenos are mute--spicy noodles with shrimp have nice cumin yellow to its curry, but mostly uncooked onions and bell pepper strips, a la fajitas just ruin it.--shrimp not overcooked, but frozen a few times along the way--mongolian beef is beaten and squishy, again poor quality.--again, the barely cooked onions and bell pepper strips ruin--only saving grace is the heat from the shockingly dry red chiles which suck up all your saliva before exploding in your mouth like a radiation bombI clearly made poor choices from the American-friendly menu. I'll need a native to show me the ropes of the authentic next time around.
4	I'll admit I was a bit skeptical since I hadn't been to this place since it was still a buffet.  My understanding is that it is under new management and they have gone back to their roots.  i.e. quality, delicious, (and authentic) Cantonese specialities.  I've been here for both lunch and dinner.  I will admit that you have a slight advantage here if you speak Chinese and can read a Chinese menu (some of the tastiest lunch morsels are on the Chinese menu) but you really can't go wrong.  They have all the usual standards, soy sauce chicken, fresh fish, veggies.  But they have a few unique tofu dishes you can't get a lot of other places.  One thing that I would add is I wish they had a fresh fish tank.  Service is friendly and fast.  I think I'll be adding this to my regular rotation.
2	This a "new" Chinese Restaurant that we decided to go to, since my aunt knows the Owner. We came here on Saturday with about 8 of us. There was no one else in the restaurant at 7pm. Not a good sign? or maybe it is....My uncle and aunt ordered for the table, they just ordered from the full course Chinese menu where we get soup, entree's, veggies, etc. The soup was ok, really salty and I don't like the bitter after taste that it left in my mouth. The salt and Pepper porkchops came out next and I love porkchops, but these porkchops had a sour taste. Maybe I just got a bad piece but when my cousin had agreed with me I felt sick. The whole reason why we came here was for the Soy Sauce Chicken. My grandma loves this chicken and rightfully so. It's pretty good chicken. I ended up eating a lot of chicken, since the beef stew bowl had overly tough meat to eat and everything else was mediocre. I guess I just have high expectations! Overall, its a clean place, service was good and the soy sauce chicken is delicious!!!!!!!
3	A friend of a friend has had high recommendation for this place. It was a new find for him, and he's from Hong Kong. He compared this "new" place to Best Hong Kong Restaurant in Mesa (a staple for HK foods and one of a few favorites of mine in Phoenix).My first overall impression was OK. Nothing more, nothing less. I had wanton noodle soup for dine in, and 5 take outs.I can't imagine why they can charge a Wanton Noodle soap for $5.99 before tax. The wantons were big and tasty but there were only 4 of them. There were no vegetables except a bit of scallions. The noodle was soft and crunchy to the mouth. I can't see the justification for the cost on this dish.The initial taste of the take out foods were OK.The service was decent. Mind you, there were only 3 tables including mine at 1:30 PM on Sunday.The BBQ section looked good. The cost was reasonable for Phoenix. I will give it a trial in the future.Overall the cost was about $1-2 more than those in Southern California (excluding San Diego), comparing items to items. The price was compatible with most densely Asian populated cities like Oakland and Portland.So diners, give it a trial. But it's ordinary at best.
1	Been eating here since it converted from the old buffet. I was totally convinced that I had found the best Chinese restaurant in the area. The food was really tasty and I had been treated well by the wait staff and owner. That all changed yesterday. I had lunch here for the last time. When I walked in, the manager sat me...I was 1 of 2 customer's in the joint. I ordered and waited for my food. Customer #3 walks in and is seated right behind me. He orders his meal without rice - extra veggies. Waitress responds like he's weird, "You don't want rice?" The waitress goes to the owner and they speak for awhile. He comes back with her and they ask the customer to explain his order. "I don't eat rice. I just want fish & black bean sauce, but put extra vegetables, please." Easy enough to understand, but they go on to question why he don't like rice! PLEASE! The man don't eat rice...cook him some food! Owner says, "OK, but that will be extra..." FOR WHAT?!! I blow that off, smh and mind my business, eat my meal and my waiter asks if I want more ice tea. I said, "Sure, thanks. But can I get it in a to-go cup?" He goes back to the owner and then sends the waitress back to explain that today its cool but I would have to buy my FREE refill next time! FOR WHAT?!! SHEEESH! Really? I understand times are hard, and saving money is pretty important. However, seeing that the joint was SO NOT CROWDED, wouldn't it be wise to treat your loyal customers (if not all of them) with some hospitality & grace? Good Luck Mr. South China owner...keep doing business this way and I promise YOUR BUSINESS WILL TANK! NO SOUP FOR YOU!
4	Reasonably priced, authentic, Cantonese Chinese cuisine. Friendly service. Pictures of Hongkong decorate the walls. Noodles and chicken dishes always tasty. A midtown Phoenix find! I've never ordered the American-style dishes.
5	I love this place!! The food  is great, the portions are huge, and it's affordable. I really hope people start frequenting this place soon otherwise I don't think they'll be able to maintain for much longer. They have great roast pork... perfect amount of fat to meat to crispy skin. Roast duck is bomb diggity.And I  know it's cliche, but their sweet and sour pork is really good. They don't use those pork nugget things you get at Panda Express, it's actually pieces from a pork chop that they lightly batter and smother a delicious honey/bbq/sweet and sour sauce all over.I highly recommend this place!
5	I believe that this is the best Chinese restaurant in all of Phoenix.  The menu variety is fantastic and the price is right.  I order a different item every time I am here and have never been disappointed.  What it lacks in decor and charm it makes up for in quality of the food.  And that is what is important.  Their Wor Won Ton soup is perhaps the best I have ever eaten.  Don't pass this place up!
5	Closed!
1	Closed
