5	Played on Saturday, April 27, 2013. The layout of the two nines that I played were top notch (Coyote Run, El Dorado). Greens and fairways were plush. Everything about the course was excellent. It rivals tougher courses like Coyote Springs or Legacy if played from the tips. No holes were stacked on one another or were winding through houses like at many courses in Vegas. All around a great value and a very nice golf course. My only complaint about my round was that all of the par 3's were about the same length as they had the tees set up that day. Wish I would have started playing there sooner!
3	Played here again September duing 2013 Las Vegas golf Maintenace schedule and its very difficult to find value in courses no matter where you play.  This course a bit out of town near Cascata was a pleasant suprise.   Small club house and local bar type pub inside was more than suffcient and the practice area was again fine.Nice layout plush fairways and front nine (Then have 3 here) Eldorado was nice layout with a straitforward no nonsense golf course very well maintained.Appears some issues with Coyote 9 as greens were in Average to poor shape which is a shame since the layout was very nice.Staff limited so nothing great here to say but overall a nice day espcially for the price points.
4	I'm reviewing the food in the restaurant at Boulder Creek.  Have eaten lunch here a couple of times and the variety available was more than sufficient & the food was good.  The best breakfasts in Boulder City, in my humble opinion, however.  Excellent Huevos Rancheros served with fresh slices of avocado and completely delicious.  The cook here definitely knows how to cook eggs perfectly and the diversity of the breakfast menu is terrific.  My only reason for less than 5 stars is that I want to see a chicken or turkey sausage on this menu instead of just pork. The coffee is okay as I prefer a dark roast which this is not, just your typical blend.  Waitstaff is always friendly, especially my favorite, Linda.  Always a pleasure to see her smiling and accommodating face.  Open to everyone to eat here, don't need to be a member.  People of BC need to check this out as a place for a serene and delicious breakfast.
