2	Food was mediocre with poor service. Started off pleasant but then our waiter disappeared and it took 25 minutes for breakfast (eggs) to arrive.  Restaurant was moderately full but not packed.  Toast was burnt and our waiter could not be found. Unfortunate since there are not as many breakfast options within walking distance from the Red Rock. Be interested to see if others (hopefully) had a better experience.
4	Steak and eggs were 3.5 stars, and the friendly & attentive service from Margie (from Brooklyn!) edged it to 4 starsThe coffee strength is inconsistent here.  Sometimes you get an overly bitter batch.  Today we had a lighter batch.-Smoked salmon Benedict.  Benedict sandwich was tasty but a little sweet.  The hash brown were cold and greasy.  Fruit cup was fresh and a nice salad.Kids said:-banana foster French toast 5 stars!-Belgian waffles without the caramel sauce was 3.5 stars, but add the warm caramel sauce from the banana foster and it's a 4.
4	My boyfriend and I came here for dinner after seeing that the line for the buffet was three miles long. We wanted burgers anyway, but LBS was packed and this place was relatively empty... seemed like a good choice.We got the buffalo chicken wings as an appetizer and they were amazing, so everything was looking good. Then we got the burgers. I got the bleu cheese bacon burger, and my bf got the classic. To quote him; "Wow, this is f*cking delicious." The burgers are VERY messy and gooey, so if you don't want your plate to look like a sea of condiments when you're done eating, then maybe this isn't the place for you. But I personally prefer that, and we left extremely happy.Minus a star because the service was kind of slow and it took forever for us to get our appetizer. But the food was delicious. We'll be back. (Bonus points: they're open 24 hours... good if you are starving after a late movie, like I often am!)
2	Food was ok, a bit overpriced, but it was in the casino. But the service took forever for coffee, over 20 minutes to get the bill after asking for it. stick with the basics, oatmeal, french toast, dont try anything fancy because they don't do it well.
1	The service here is terrible.  It does not matter whether the restaurant is slow or busy. The food consistently comes out cold. We have tried to give them many chances and it never changes. Today I ordered a pot of their fresh brewed black tea.  The bus boy brings me out a cup of hot water and a tea bag. When I asked if they changed their tea -  he's short with me and tells me that they are out of pots??  The place is almost empty. No apology and just walks away. Then the food comes out. Round one.  My sausages are luke warm at best.  I send them back. Round two.  My sausages are RAW. No apology from the waiter. He just looks to make sure I'm not lying. A few minutes later, he comes back,  without a word, grabs the check off the table and brings it back  (He took my meal off but never said a word). I've stayed away for a long time ftom here for experiences like this.  I'm not sure I will give them anymore.
1	Ordered a bowl of soup and bread and butter. Was told I would be charged 4.99 for bread and butter.  Never heard of such a thing. Talked to the manager and his response was " I don't make the rules." Will not be eating here again.
5	I come here once in while with my boyfriend for steak n eggs @ midnight. It's a place where you can talk and wait for the food to come. If you are very impatient then this is not the place for you. The service doesn't suck. You just have to wait more than usual. Keep in mind this is not a fast food restaurant! The food is great. All employees are very nice. I've never had a problem coming here.
1	Horribly slow service. Meals came out minus condiments ie ketchup for burgers and fries and steak sauce for T-bones and sat getting cold while waitress went back into kitchen looking for the condiments that should have automatically been served with meal. Drinks were only refilled once, food was tasteless, buns were stale and fries over cooked. Will not return under any circumstances. Manager was not accommodating when I complained.
2	It's ok. If it's late and you want a place to eat, it's a good place to find some ok food.
2	Looks nice when you walk in.  This time I was seated immediately after the last "fake" wait. It was dinnertime but I ordered the crab and avocado omelet.  Hash browns were nasty.  Omelet was overcooked and kind of dry.  There was supposed to be a sauce with it and there was a couple tablespoons of something like white gravy in the middle of the plate but not enough to fix the dry.The waiter was fast, efficient and friendly so points there.Honestly, the best thing about the experience was the hot tea!  I drink a lot of tea so I was thrilled the had chamomile because caffeine and I don't get alone and when a bigger than average metal pot was brought I noticed it was heavy on the bottom.  One of my big pet peeves is tea gets cold fast.  This didn't happen.  That pot might have been heated on the bottom and then had boiling water poured over the loose leaf tea (no tacky low-grade bags).  Plus, it wasn't a funky mug but a fairly decent cup albeit not as thin and delicate as traditional tea cups... but this made me happy.Honestly, I would go there for a cup of tea!Aside from the fact that it's convenient and I enjoyed the tea experience, I've had better food at IHOP for half the price.
1	Horrible service.  Hostess too busy chit chatting with the bakery counter to seat us.Water came after we had to ask twice.  My my diet drink never came.  My order came out incorrect.  Geez.  Is the manager sleeping?  They have such bad reviews, don't they think they need to improve?
3	Overall, the food was great. But the one night we were hankering late, they closed to "clean." That was a huge bummer. Besides that minor inconvenience, it is clean and moderately priced to avoid the more expensive places.
4	Close to home. Excellent prices and the service has always been good.  Great place for a steak and baked potato.  $9.95It's really nice to sit on the patio for breakfast.
1	Services is good. Food is a complete different story.. My Sunday special: chicken cordon blue was not completely cooked. No wonder it tasted kind of chewy, and harder to cut..I sent it back! Guess from now, I need to watch all their chicken dishes I order in the future.
1	We were a party of 5, mid week Wednesday, 9pm. Entrees were fish and chips, Reuben, Philly Steak, Fried Chicken, and a Ribeye. There was not one good thing said from around the booth about any one of these meals. Waste of money, waste of time, should of headed into town a little further and stopped at The Peppermill. It would of been the same price, with much better food.
3	Had breakfast there. Service is fine and leisurely.oakmeal and bacon are good.Stay away from the "Classic French Toast".  Undercooked stale bread.
1	Had dinner Sunday night,,,,bad service  hostess had to wait to long to be seated had sliders for dinner ,,,cold,,never will eat here again
4	Food here is good for the price. They have great deals if you have a boarding pass. They have a great late night menu from 12am-6am must have a boarding pass to use that menu.
5	I visit this location constantly when I get out of work in the very early hours of the morning. They have an amazing late dinner/early breakfast menu that has prices that are impossible to compete with. One server knows my order whenever he sees me and I love that kind of personal service. Some chefs are better than others however and the quality of the food varies from meal to meal but never really "disappoints". The best short stack in the world for $1.99 is unbeatable. Not to mention service is incredibly quick. The only night I've seen it otherwise was a holiday weekend when they were swamped by hotel guests. Understandable.  This is a great place to eat if you're a visiting tourist or just with a group of friends late one night at Red Rock. Great for after a movie before you head home for the night.
4	I am very particular about my Chinese chicken salad, not that I think the Chinese actually came up with the dish. Anyhow, it's not on the menu here, but trust me when I say it is very tasty, fresh, and portion is just right. Our waiter was a bit..preoccupied. only towards the end did we see the corner of his lip curl up to smile. Hence, the four star rating minus one.
2	Wanted to grab Breakfast before hiking in RRC. It was recommended by a few.  But turned out to be Nothing specialLots went wrong.      Poached eggs cooked hard.       Pepsi products     Slow service     Inside a casino. (Very smokey)My vote:  Skip it!!
1	Stale fries.   Long lines.  You are better off at macdnalds
1	Holy smokes. I can't even review the food because we bolted before it even got there. 20 minutes to be seated and nobody in line. Place was 40% full.15 minutes to get water or be greeted by waitress.55 minutes for some sandwiches. Not sure how long it would have been because we left.Waitress was flat out inattentive and manager(s) (we spoke to two) could not have cared less. Six people in our party. Left hungry and very disappointed. Other tables around us were about to get up and leave as well.  Utterly dysfunctional crap. The worst of the worst.
2	The cafe itself is beautifully decorated....wish I had the same high praise for the food.  The salmon was bland, rice and broccoli. ..no flavor.  Plus the service was sub standard.  Our server was less than happy to be there...I used to enjoy stopping in for a bite, but doubt ill be back.  I still enjoy looking at the beautiful pastries in the bakery case.
