5	I am ashamed at myself for not putting a review up for Deno's till now! Deno's is a hidden gem of Surprise. Nestled across the street from Del Web hospital and next door to a Hallmark store and a Safeway, one might not expect to come across some of the best pizza Surprise has to offer, but trust me- just try it. Deno's serves up thin flaky crust pizza cut into squares, the kind of pizza I fell in love with in Illinois and what I consider to be true Chicago style pizza. The toppings are under a blanket of cheese and there is never a dull bite. Deno's is reasonably price and BYOB. It is not unusual to see patrons in there with mini coolers enjoying a variety of beverages with their dinner. Please don't let the bare space and strip mall location deter you from trying it.
5	This is without a doubt my Favorite pizza place in the Surprise area, they serve Chicago Style thin crust pizza reminiscent to the pizza of my youth growing up in the suburbs south of Chicago, I've had pizza from the "THE BEST" Chicago pizzeria's in my life and I can safely say this pizza is an accurate representation of that region.  The pizza is loaded with cheese and in typical chicago fashion some of the toppings are under the cheese and some are on top. prices are affordable and in many cases cheaper than the generic triad (pizza hut,dominos, papa johns) this is also a BYOB establishment so we like to show up with a bottle of wine or two. though I've seen families bring in entire coolers, I also recently heard they started offering delivery but the last time we went we dined in and have yet to try this service.My "best in class" top pick for pizza in surprise.
1	Sorry, folks...this is another Peoria/Surprise/Glendale pizza place I can take off my list.  Went there tonight - eat in - ordered a pepperoni & onion pizza.  I should have been concerned when it arrived and the pieces wouldn't break apart - with a kitchen knife and fork we were just barely able to cut them apart.  First bite...the crust was doughy and chewy and tasted strongly of flour.Long story short, the girl asked how things were, as she saw us eating the toppings and leaving the crust.  We told her of the crust and her response was "Sorry."  I can't explain the 5 stars vs my one star, all I know is what the pizza was tonight.  Never, ever, again.
4	I'm from Chicago and I have to say Deno's has a very good thin crust pizza. Their sausage also has the seasonings I am accustomed to from back home. I order Deno's when I'm in the mood for a crispier (cracker like) crust. Lastly, how can you eat pizza without Hot Giardinera peppers? Their peppers are GREAT!
4	Yummy pizza and I usually don't like the thin crust. My husband and his family love the Chicago style beef sandwiches. We ate there last year and could wait to go back this year since we are out of state.
2	We ordered a large with spinach, mushroom and anchovies. And all I can say is bland cracker crust, bland sauce, bland spinach and mushrooms. the only good thing about it were the anchovies ( not super salty like a lot other places). I wont be ordering from Deno's again.
3	My first try at Denos.  Friday evening for a walk-in take out order.  Counter person said it would be ready in 15 minutes, but had to wait for 40 minutes.  I think they misplaced my order because other walk-ins placed orders after me and were served first.  Fortunately, when the order was ready, it was piping hot.  Pepperoni and sausage pizza with wings.  Wings were OK, tasty, but nothing special.  Deep fried, not baked.  The pizza however, was VERY good.  Crust was crisp, with just the right amount of sauce.  Pepperoni was flavorful.  The best part was the plentiful sausage, which was meaty, and not greasy like many places.  Overall, the pizza was great, but the service lacking.  Counter clerk was indifferent.  Might consider using them for phone-in orders only.
2	This is another Surprise pizza joint that I haven't been to in many years. Unlike Lucky's, the last time I had gone here I don't recall disliking the pizza. Today I was thinking I wanted a pizza that wasn't from one of the "Papa Jominos" chains. I first thought of hitting up Little Sicily. But that place, stupidly, is closed on Sundays. I remembered that Deno's was around the corner, and hooray, they were open.Went inside, and was initially blown away by how expensive the pizzas were (a jumbo thin crust with four toppings was $28 after tax - come on!), and the wife got the shits with me when I decided to order anyway. Counter girl quoted a 20-25 minute wait, but it was only about 10-15 before the pizza arrived. Very large box, containing a pizza with a wafer thin crust. I live five minutes away. The pizza was placed at a VERY slight angle on the back seat. Here's what the pizza looked like when I got it inside (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA#iJ3lhOR7kKsDfVbDgrXtLA). They've gone and done the square cut on it. Hooray for incredibly uneven slices. I wrestled a few pieces on to my paper plate, since a paper plate seemed fairly fitting for the meal. Here's a picture (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=M8UY7SRc1Ej3Oan6pEG7Gg). Finally, I took a bite. It actually didn't taste that bad. Not nearly as horrible as Lucky's, although about 1/10th the actual amount of food. Quality over quantity, I was thinking to myself, until I saw something that guarantees I won't be returning (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/denos-pizza-surprise?select=onJJk_sYQ4L7NlU_P0iLMg). Canned f-king champignon mushrooms. AGAIN! What the hell do places like this and Lucky's think they're playing at serving tinned mushrooms on a supposedly fresh pizza? My god.Summary? A ten buck pizza for almost thirty. I KNEW I should have gone with Ray's, or even got a cold Costco deal to heat up at home. Canned mushrooms, my codpiece. (throws pizza box in air furiously, and watches it land on the garage roof)
5	The people who say "just another...", stay away and go to Pizza Hut!The best that reminds me of back home Chicago thin crust. I come here once a week to get my fix. They don't serve alcohol but you sure can bring in a cooler, I've seen it.
5	Best pizza! My absolute favorite. This is a family owned place!! Wish there were more, but I will drive to surprise in a heartbeat for this pizza.
5	By far the best Chicago style thin crust in the west valley. Just like your local Chicago pizza joint and if we are going to splurge on pizza, we call Denos. The sauce is great and they've nailed the crust. The cheese sticks are also great. Definitely a hidden gem of a place.
5	I've gone to quite a few Chicago style pizzeria's since moving out here in search of the perfect pizza and the search is over this place had the best pizza of them all! The sausage was just like what l remember from pizzas back home in Chicago, the crust was thin and very tasty John made the pizza and did an excellent job plus we had a great conversation. The whole experience was awesome and it's worth the drive to Surprise, plus they have coke products...  having R.C. cola would've been real nostalgic though!
5	I have been too Chicago and this place is just like it...  must try ingredients shipped from Chicago....
