2	Typical sit-down burger joint. Not the greatest, i've had, nor worth the price. McDonalds beats them really well. Service is really crummy, waiters don't seem to care much about clients sitting down.
4	It was a great place. I like the atmosphere and great bar area. Place is affordable and the stake fajitas are fantastic.Great place to eat, I recommend to any one.
3	This place is ok. It's a mix of Baton Rouge and Cage Aux Sports. My girlfriend ordered chicken Alfredo with penne which was absolutely disgusting. I had the jalepeno hamburger and it was fantastic!! The spinach dip is always tasty as well and so is the lobster dip. I've also had the chicken fajitas and they were very tasty. It's the type of place you go to once in awhile. I don't go out of my way to grab a bite here.
4	Great place to take the kids. Good food and fun ambiance. The only thing to remember is that it gets loud in there.
3	Pros- Friendly staff- Great drinks- Fair pricing on drinksCons- Small food portions- Overpriced mealsUnfortunately, over the years, Jack Astors portions have gotten smaller and smaller while their prices go up. I wouldn't mind paying their prices if I left with a meal that truly filled me up.
2	A whole lot of not-quite-average tonight.Partner had nachos and, while she was pleased that the cheese was layered and not just thrown on top, she still gave the plate a failing grade. I tasted, and I concur. And the extra charge for crappy guacamole? Insulting to customers and delusional to suggest that this guacamole is worth a surcharge. I had the pulled pork poutine which bordered on disgusting. Perhaps one should not mess with a classic dish, but regret does not begin to describe how I felt while I was eating this excuse for a meal. Had to get menus on my own, was not even acknowledged in the bar area until we had been sitting for at least 10 minutes, servers were overwhelmed, underinterested, or both. Service manager was apologetic while saying that it was an exception - according to previous Yelp reviews, the "exception" seems the norm. I was excited to get back to Jack's after many years away, but based on tonight's experience, it will be many more before I return.
4	Love this place... the tofu fajitas are absolutely fantastic, I'd eat them everyday, if Jack Astors was closer. There plenty of other tasty options too, but the place gets very loud weekend evenings.
4	Nice place, lots of screens to watch sports. Salad great, burger wonderful, fries as well. Iced tea was not that sweet though)) and U need login and password from the waitress)) nice comfortable booth)) blah blah blah))
1	Love the food there but the service is so bad that I have not gone back in a while. It use to be my favorite place and was so happy when I moved back to the area from Ottawa to find out they had one here. The steak and the fully loaded bake potato was my #1 choice and I also love the super greasy garlic bread. Let's not forget the blue jacked up lemonade.But the last time I went was awful. It took forever to even see a waiter, he took our order and we got the drinks right away but it went downhill from there. They brought our appetizer at the same time as the meal. I had no fork or knife and it took a long time to waive someone down to get them. My food was cold, my drink was empty and we never got water or even better the waiter NEVER CAME BACK...anyway all around it was bad and I will not go back.
