1	Andrea had a horrible attitude from the start. Every flower suggestion was turned down and the push towards roses was HUGELY obvious. Their "contract" was a piece of paper that said I would owe $___ amount by a specified date with no promise of services. When I questioned the lack of verbiage promising services/product in exchange for my money, Andrea became enraged that I "didn't trust them" and threw me out of her office. Don't be swayed by cheap prices, their service was junk and Andrea's lack of social skills reeked throughout the meeting. Contracts protect the consumer AND the vendor-run from these people!
1	I have goose bumps after reading the 1st review because I experienced the same exact experience yesterday! This woman "Andrea" who happens to be the owner flat out shocked my mom and I and left us speechless after what she did! Throughout speaking with her for 45 min about what we wanted for the bridal party, chuppa, and table arrangements, we got short answers, no visuals, and complete attitude. Being a bride, and completely overwhelmed, you would think someone who wants your business would show you samples of things and try and help you to create the look you are going for. This woman lacked any expertise. In fact, when we couldn't come to a clear idea of the centerpieces, I said how about I get all of the flowers through her and get the candleabra's through the other place we had conversed about, and she said, " How about you just get nothing from us," and ripped up the order form into tiny pieces! This form had all the things that I had planned to get through her (which mind you was over $1000 worth of business)!!! I still feel like it was a nightmare or that Ashton Kutcher was going to jump out and say, " HA you have been punked!" The only thing I could say was that the BBB would be hearing about this to what she responded, "You can write what ever you want sweetie." Are you kidding me?!!!  Please think twice about getting your arrangements here. Good luck!! - Pissed off bride
1	I pre-paid for my order for a party of over 50. I went to pick it up and they didn't have any record of it. I suppose it is because they take the orders on a white sheet of paper and not on a computer. Needless to say I was driving around frantically trying to find centerpieces as well as roses for a tiered cake. Andrea wanted to offer me huge lilies or purple roses. I explained that the cake was pink. Her nonchalant attitude, like it was my fault didn't help my stress level. I don't think the few bucks you save by going here is worth it. If it were my wedding, I would have been DEVASTATED. She didn't offer anything to compensate for the error on her part. I would stay away from this business unless you like to gamble.
1	Checking back in to make sure people understand HOW HORRIBLE this vendor is.There are SO MANY florists in this city that deserve your business, I implore you to please find an HONEST one.
3	I picked First Rose because I knew I wanted roses. Some of the reviews suggest that the vendor is less receptive to other flowers. My advice would be, if roses aren't your thing, go elsewhere! This vendor has contracts with rose farms and can give you a deal on roses. I chose a dark red rose bouquets to go with my cranberry and navy theme. One downside is that she does not keep roses of each color in stock (some are seasonal) so it is hard to tell what the color will truly look like. This was not a big issue for me as I only went with 1 type of flower. I designed my colors for the tables, etc. around the uncertainty of an exact match and it worked fine. Other reviews suggest that the owner is flaky. Yes, she writes your order down on a page of paper and will cross things out as she goes. However, whenever I called or came in, she was always able to immediately fine my paperwork. Yes, she takes cash. While I was uncertain about a receipt, I never felt like she would forget my order. It is a risk I was willing to take. I loved my flowers. I would recommend ordering some extra bulk roses. They are inexpensive, and you never know when you will need them! I appreciate that Andrea never pushed me to order anything, she even helped to assure me not to spend more money then I needed to!
