4	Old traditional bar which has been around for a long time. It tends to attract a slightly older crowd, who are much more interested in having good conversation than posing in an expensive George Street bar. There's a coal fire in the winter, which is just the thing for thawing you out when you come in from the cold.
3	Mathers is a bit of a spit and sawdust kind of establishment at the top of Broughton Street, the kind of place where you could probably actually get away with gobbing on the floor if you so desired. Its clientele look like the kind of guys who are qualified to use pneumatic drills, this is most definitely a bloke's pub and tends to be full of proper blokes on any given evening. I wouldn't come here on my own for a quiet drink, but the boyfriend and I have been in together on a few occasions to take advantage of their extensive and reasonably priced range of single malts. They show most major sporting events on their TVs, although I'd advise you get there early to grab a drink and somewhere to stand - it can get pretty mobbed.
3	Emma had it spot on, Bar Bruiser. I've never felt less manly in my whole life. Everyone in here used to be a boxer/kick-boxer and have a 3 course meal of nails and barbed wire for dinner. They don't really make any noise or have anything to say until someone scores a goal, which then becomes the hot topic of conversation all week. Staff are very nice though and the place is comfy.
3	Pretty much what it says on the tin, an old geezers spit n sawdust pub. I like it!
3	Reading the previous reviews I thought this was going to be dodgy as anything. I was ready to down my pint and leave sharpish. It turns out it was a decent surprise. There was no angry patrons growling in my direction. Everybody was having a pint and watching the fitba. There ain't nothing fancy about it though. There ain't much to say. It's a bit of an old mans boozers. It serves a few decent beers from Harveistoun and Williams brothers. The staff were friendly. Fine for a quick pint, but nothing special.
