4	Felly's Flowers was great to work with. I had them deliver a bouquet of flowers and a mylar balloon to my sister-in-law, sameday, for her birthday.All of the ladies I spoke with on the phone were extremely sweet and helpful. I even called the next day to confirm delivery. They were able to give me an exact time of delivery and tell me that  they handed it to a live person. Perfect!Only four stars because I haven't had a chance to visit the storefront yet.
5	I'm in Boston and had a gift basket and flowers sent to my GF's Madison hotel. I asked Felly's to replace the generic card that typically accompanies flowers with my handwritten card, which I'd overnighted to them. Not only did they handle my request with grace, they also stylishly put the card inside the wrapped basket itself and put up with my phone calls asking if everything was going according to plan.  They also added the flowers as a last-minute request and didn't overcharge me for it . . . overall great people to work with!!
2	Flowers are overpriced and usually dead within a day.  Talk about a ripoff.  I realized that I need to go to Metcalf's for decent flowers in Madison.
5	Called direct to the flower shop after picking an arrangement that was listed on their website. Person was very professional who took my order. They were able to deliver the same day too! My Mother-in-law was very happy - she sent a picture of what we order- flowers looked fresh, with a nice assortment of flowers. Highly recommend this florist. (Order was placed from Delaware).
2	Not impressed, ordered flowers for a friends bday and they were not available at university ave location, so had to pick them up in monona, which is fine, I wanted a specific flower, so when I got to the monona store, the flowers which had already been paid for were very different (much much smaller bouquet) than what I was told I'd be getting, after questioning the cashier, i was told that was what you get for the price I'd paid, poor customer service, the cashier knew I wasn't happy but didn't seem to care.
1	Horrible service, old flowers.  Tons of swearing and screaming coming from the back room, very unprofessional.
