4	I love taking my car here.  I get my car washed and do all of my oil changes here too - they are fast, usually not too crowded and I love the results.   My husband refuses to go back because he thinks they do too much of a hard sell on the window repair and other items, but that does not bother me.
4	We had a pretty good experience here. They gave us a decent price and washed the car, polished the tires and chrome wheels, vacuumed and shampooed the carpets, and polished the leather. We also chose "New Car" as the scent and they put in the little air conditioning vent things. The scent lasted much longer that way, much better than just spraying crap into the car. We were actually getting ready to sell the car, and they made it look great. The new car smell was actually the only one I've ever smelled that actually did smell like new car... the people who bought the car even mentioned that it smelled new! I thought that was pretty cool, so I'd like to know where they got those air fresheners :)Other than that, nothing spectacular. We had a good experience, but nothing that made it stand out over other car washes. Nothing to complain about either, though.
1	Crap place that screwed up my rims on my brand new Jetta last year and would not take responsibility for it. Will not go back!
1	Car Wash #3. OK, third review of car wash facilities on the West side. It's a Chevron station which I have traded business with for years so it should be OK (not this particular Chevron, but Chevron's in general). Went for a car wash and had to fend off a kid trying to sell me on a windshield replacement, oil change, reconditioning the leather interior, etc. all I wanted was a car wash (apparently this is an impossible feat in AZ) . Finally got the car washed, but not without pre-buying a $100.00 detail at some future date (I'll report back on that later). I was assured the car interior would not be "greased-up". Picked-up the car, exterior looked good, slid all around the interior driving home due the the "greasy" product applied that I asked NOT be applied. I saw many senior citizens there and thought how sad that they probably only wanted a car wash and were harassed to buy more than they bargained for. I'll report back on the detail once I get it, but not expecting much so don't hold your breath!To date the best car wash is up in Cave Creek, they actually wash your car beautifully and don't try to sell you extra/unnecessary services, kind of like the good 'ol days.
1	They washed my car and cleaned it the way I asked them to (no smells inside; just dust with a damp cloth) but..........they STOLE a handmade seat liner and had the nerve to get angry at ME because I accused them of not putting it back after they cleaned inside. They insisted I was in the wrong and must've left it at home.  THEY STOLE IT plain and simple.  Never, never again.
2	This business tries to perform a detailed wash but they are not consistant and always miss cleaning entire areas of the car.  I've gone there about a dozen times until I finally gave up and would never go back.  Sometimes they forget to clean all the windows, sometimes they just forget to clean the inside of the windows, other times the back bumper was not cleaned at all, another time the trunk was not vacuumed and the worst time was when they lost my anteana.  The areas they clean come out really clean and the car smells so fresh afterwords but it is just so frustrating not getting consistant service for over $20.
2	I upgraded to the Ultimate Car Wash because of a special.  It was not worth it.  My dash is too oily looking when the finish is matte.  My floor mats were washed and yet I had to pick off debris.  Leather conditioner was left soaking on my seat.
3	I've been going here a couple years now. I've seen the service change as well. When I first started coming here I always got an awesome cleaning for my car. Recently though they have been slacking. Sometimes I leave with dirt still on my rims and they haven't completely cleaned my steering wheel and dashboard area. When they are busy, expect the service to your car to suffer.
3	Decent place for the west side. The only thing I hate is sometimes they a bit  aggressive on they're up selling--- some guys won't take no for answer and become annoying. Other wise they do a good job.
1	I was very disappointed in the customer service and quality of work. My first issue was that I had to wait for more than 5 minutes outside my car before anyone came over to assist me. Mind you, there were at least a half dozen employees around me and that was after I pulled all the way to the front and took the time to take my toddler out of his car seat. If they had been busy, I would have understood the delay. I paid $12.99 for a Classic wash. The sign said it included a full vacuum, dash and console wipe down, and clearcoat protection. My Odyssey was vacuumed and the exterior was washed. The exterior was streaky and had water spots. When I picked up my car, I loaded the toddler back into his seat. Then I got in and I realized they had not even touched the inside. My dash and console were exactly the way I had left them: dusty! I went back over to the kid and told him that my dash and console had not been wiped down. He seemed surprised that they were supposed to be wiped down. He took less than two minutes to run his tag over my dash only. At that point, I was done and so was my toddler. I cannot recommend this company and regret giving them my business.
1	Do not, I REPEAT DO NOT HAVE YOUR CAR WASHED HERE. They will steal loose change from your car, and who knows what else. I just finished having my car washed there and noticed all the quarters were taken out of my change compartment of my car. It's not the amount that bothers me ($2.00-$3.00 at most), it was the complete lack of respect for customer's property.Also, the people who greet you when you pull up are hard sellers for detailing. What they don't tell you is the $200+ price tag that comes with it. Be wary with this place. Better yet, avoid it all together for a car wash. There are other more reputable places around.
2	this review is for the "Ultimate Detail" which is suppose to include a full interior cleaning, clay bar treatment, buff and wax and engine cleaning. Per their website, you can add on an oil change or engine cleaning  for $25.My friend bought me the detail as a thank you for letting her bf and her stay at my house for a few months while their foreclosure house they bought  was in a long drawn-out escrow. I pull up to the service area for my 9:30am appt. and they had no idea I was coming. Now mind you, it takes 3 weeks during snowbird season to schedule a detail so I am surprised that they are not prepared for the time it takes to do my Ford F-150 . I encounter the service writer first and she tries to tell that the engine detail is not included, I inform her that it is, she insists it is not. We do this for 5-10 minutes and she finally asks someone and then bam-it is suddenly included! Bait and Switch? Who knows...I also have to point out to her that the truck's factory intake has been replaced with a performance intake and they must be cautious when doing the engine cleaning. She has no idea WTH I am talking about so I ask to see the Detail Manager. He comes out after another 5 minutes, I show him the intake and ask that a bag be placed over the intake and care taken when the engine cleaning gets done. He agrees and then assures me 'I am personally going to make sure this is taken care of perfectly ' referring to the entire detail. He can see that to this point I am not impressed with how this is starting off so he tries to reassure me and I can appreciate that. IF ONLY IT WAS TRUE! I finish with him and tell the girl to add on the wheel detail as I have been out in the dunes a few times since October. Per website it is suppose to be $25. I get to cashier and hand her my ticket , She says "$40 please". I am like WTF! I have a prepaid detail certificate and the add-on is $25. She calls the Assistant Manager Mike over and he apologizes and steps away to the manager's office  go correct it within the  computer  system. He come back, apologizes and reassures me the truck is going to look great.Bait and Switch again?!?!?I leave and get a call at around 2:45 that the truck is done. I get back to Classic at around 4:45 pm, just i time to see them moving the truck out from under the detail area. I stop the guy midway through and have him just pull over. I notice right away wheels wells are full of sandy grit. Oh boy, my worst fears are coming true, a half-ass job. There is tar on running boards, dust on fender flares. I run my hand along the paint  on the hood and also the bed and feel the grit is still adhering to the paint  when it should be smooth like glass. This means they did not do the clay bar treatment at all nor did they polish because that too would remove the grit. I am fuming and thankfully speak spanish. I chew the guy a new one about the various things and he is flabbergasted and does not know what to say. He says talk to his manager. I ask about the engine being clean and he looks at me dumbfounded and tells me he does not if it was done. We pop the hood and thankfully it was done. I was so mad I decide to wait until the next day for Mike to return as he seemed to be the only one who has a sense of urgency and sincerity for customer service.I go home and really begin looking at the truck even more and find so many more flaws that  I am again beyond annoyed. ex: I wiped my fingers in the pockets of the doors and the dust coats my fingers. Essentially , I have surmised that what they did was give me their Ultimate Wash not their Ultimate Detail and even that was done poorly. I return the next day and show Mike all the issues, he is very apologetic and immediately agrees to redo my detail. I plan on rescheduling sometime next week and will post an update. So, if you go for a detail there some advice:1) If you pay for the higher end detail that has clay bar treatment, check the paint with your bare hand. It should feel like clean glass.  If you feel grains of dirt, they did not clay bar it. 2) they may sell you the same services at different prices or charge you for services that should have been included. Buyer beware. As others have noted,the service is just not the same here anymore and it saddens me to see a highly respected business turn into a mediocre one so quickly. No one to blame but managers not holding employees to a certain standard of professionalism and pride. Sad to see it happen once again to a favorite business.
1	The staff was nice but there services where very disappointing! I paid $50 for the full service deluxe deal and had to tell them 3 times about issues about my car having dirt on it, windshield being dirty, and not vacuuming the floor/carpet well.  I will never return or recommend this place. Avoid it. And ya $50 down the drain! :-(
1	made the huge mistake of leaving money in the car... realized it a few minutes after I gave them the car but too late, 15.00 cars wash cost me 55.00... my fault I guess hope the slime balls have fun w my $$ but hey I have more and they don't so I win... also half ass job and NEVER get your vehicle "detailed here!
5	I just had Classic detail my truck for the first time. All I can say is wow! The attention to little things is awesome.  This vehicle hasn't looked this good since it was new.
1	I took back my keys & left. The employees are so rude. I heard bad things about this car wash but it is the closest to my house and I needed a quick wash before I picked up a friend from the airport. There was no one waiting. 3 young employees talking, took a while for them to come over to my car to wait on me. First sign, I should of just left. The prices are high just for an exterior wash. But I needed it done asap. I get my ticket and they charged me an extra $1 for an "oversided" car. (Which I do not have). I asked the girl what that charge was for, she flippantly said that is what they charge for my car. I told them to forget it. And she sarcastically said - "over a dollar".
2	Im a tad bit disappointed. My husband has been bringing his car here before we met. Mainly because they pretty much catered to his rims. I decided to take his car in for the #4. When we pulled up several of them were just standing around talking. I waited for a minute and of course they tried to tell me they could fix a crack in my windshield I let them know I didnt need it and my husbands insurance was. If course he told me they took insurance and they could do it. (Just felt a bit pushy).I waited for the car to get done and waited.. and cars that had pulled up way after me was coming out with soap... dirt... and mud still on them. Which made my anxiety arise due to paying 22.99 for a Supreme. Finally, my husbands precious car came out soap and all. She appeared just like new (hopefully the change was there... but she just sat after coming out while the cleaners just stood around...I did my wash check of course scratches was on my husbands presious rims... along with tire scratches. Dust on the sesh board and thr occasional French frys from when I snuck the McDonald's before.Im not sure what my husband sees in this place but im defiantly going to Danny's next time.
5	My husband and I love the way these guys and girls take care of our GMC truck and Jeep Trailhawk.
1	Very Disappointed When I take my vehicle to the carwash I go with the understanding that I am going to get a "sales pitch" for either an upgraded wash or a push to have my vehicle detailed.  On this occasion the sales pitch was for a vehicle detail.  I explained to the attendant that I did not want a detail at this time.  The sales associate spent several minutes explaining why I needed a detail, after I repeatedly stated I wasn't interested.  I understand the "sale pitch" what I don't appreciate is going beyond the "sales pitch" and becoming intrusive. I did however upgrade the carwash.I have to admit I expected better service. The windows and side mirrors were not cleaned very well. The center console was not wiped down, nor were the rims, or the dashboard. I had to ask the attendant to clean those areas.  Overall my experience was less then favorable,  I won't be going back.
