3	I have to agree with both Pierre and Donald. However there are 2 menu items worth ordering. I get them togo all the time for lunch. The lettuce wedge and the willy burger. The steaks are awful! They put some crap they describe a seasoning that is so overpowering you can't eat it. Also someone needs to teach the cook the difference between Med rare and Well. I know I know that is a big difference but when I ordered the rib-eye med rare I got a hockey puck! Sidebar the bread is really good when you get it hot. The wrap up burgers are good and the lettuce wedge rocks, skip the steaks!
2	OK I might be picky. But when a party of four goes to a steakhouse I expect to see steaks on the tables. But these steak prices are nuts for a casual dinner spot, as were the The four plates on the table all together consisted of less than 18 oz of beef. Pretty sad for a steakhouse if you ask me. But I will say this for the place. The staff and management was nice except for the one waiter lacking manners and reaching over me and across my plate to hand off condiments to my dining partner. The staff is quick to refill your glasses. Friendly and otherwise thoughtful. I might not come there for a meal again but I would consider it a decent place for appetizers and drinks. So the Saloon might just become a favorite watering hole for me from time to time.
5	I have been to this place 2 times in the past few years when visiting AZ. And both times was amazing!!!The service and the food is Amazing. The Texas Rose is super yummy! The Ribeye was cooked to perfection.I wish there was a Lone Star in the California Bay Area!
1	The food was great and the waiter Patrick was very attentive. We were the last ones to leave on a Saturday night. My cell phone was left on the seat. After realizing while still in the car I called and there was no answer. The next day no one could find it. I strongly recommend not to bring anything of value to this restaurant, cause the employees will not turn it in to lost and found
5	Great food and great staff! Our waitress was awesome, checked in when we needed her but didnt hound the table. The manager and gm checked with us as well. I reccomend the bacon cheddar mashed potatoes!
4	I stopped over at Lone Star for a quick lunch yesterday. The food was brought out very quickly after I told our server I was pressed for time. The Pork Chop was juicy and very tasty; I could have wolfed down another Pork Chop (it was that good). The gigantic Sweet Potato was delicious when coupled with a little bit of butter and cinnamon. I love their salads, but didn't have a chance to order one since I was in a hurry. The drinks are refilled on a timely basis. Lunch for two was about $22 before tip.
3	So it was my friends birthday and a bunch of us were gonna go out for dinner.  We had planned another place, but didnt feel like waiting 2 hours and opted here next.We all sat down at a large table and our waitress came over and seemed to be stressed from the get-go.  That doesnt always go over well when you're there to have a great time.  So we were thinking of what to drink and she left and said "be right back."  I think she must of said that to us about 10 times that night.Once we got our appetizers and drinks, and placed our order she seem to be in a better mood.  Not sure if she was stressin' from somewhere else, but we were joking around and I guess the jokes just were not funny. Who knows..We got our dinner and it was ok really.. nothing amazing.  My friend got a salad that seemed to be 90% lettuce with a dash of veggies.  I still give it 3 stars because I love their porkchops and another friend said her fish was really good.
5	My Fiance and I went out for my birthday and we were very pleased with our whole dining experience. The staff was excellent we received our food and drinks very quickly. The food was also excellent. I will definitely be returning :)
5	I went to Lone Star tonight with my friends,for our birthdays. I have been here and the location that closed by the 1-17 many times. I always loved it. Tonight we loved it even more.  From the moments we walked in we were greeted with wonderful sincere smiles.  We were given a fabulous booth with a lovely girl named Desiree.  She brought our drinks right away and took our order with no delay. She even asked if we had questions about the menu or anything else. Which my friend did and she knew all the answers. How wonderful to get such great service! She continually filled our drinks and we did not have to ask.  x x x x x... We also had a visit from the lovely Kera, the manager at Lone Star. She wanted to make sure our visit was perfect,which it was. She was wonderful and pleasant to speak to.  The meals were wonderful, and cooked to perfection. We even had appetizers ,they too were fabulous!   The end of dinner we were given 2 full size desserts as it was our Birthdays, and they were divine!!  Thank you Lone Star for a lovely evening!  Ampule parking in the lot as well.
4	Love this place!  Been going to this location for years.  The food is always great and the price isn't too bad either.  The only thing I would say is a con is the service.  You never know what kind of mood the server will be in or if they will be attentive or not.  This place is delicious if you're looking for steak, or seafood, burgers, etc.
3	Before today's visit I would have given at least 4 stars.  Maybe it was because I ordered takeout that everything suffered, but for as good as their food and service is while eating there I assumed it would be the same.  First off, they kept me waiting twice as long as predicted on the phone, leaving me to wait ignored at the bar for 15 minutes.  Once home the I found that my steak was extremely over cooked, almost too bad to eat.  Their one saving grace was that the food was still hot when I came home.  I may eat in store again, but I am certain that I will never order out again.  Unfortunate because it would have become a favorite spot to stop on my way home.
5	Why 5 stars?Price to quality of the food ratio is excellent: Don't expect to die of food joy, but you will come away happy and your wallet will still have some money in it.Service is uniformly both friendly and accurate, without being overly attentive and hovering.The "YEAH TEXAS" theme is a bit much, but what can you expect with the name?The only thing that I totally HATE about the restaurant is the country music. I've been told that it's corporate policy to pipe that stuff in. If you ask, however, they will turn it down to a more ignore-able level.
4	Okay food, not the best I've eaten. Good place for lunch though, food was on my table super fast. Service was good, just enough amount of attention to the guest. Parking turn out a little challenge, as the lot isn't that big and lunch time...well it was more of 14:00, it was still packed.
4	When in Phoenix, our family circle of dining out has a small radius. Lone Star is one of the restaurants consistently in our orbit. We used to dine here for special occasions. Unfortunate circumstances put us into lots more restaurants for meals these days. Our favorite foods, like so many other Yelp*ers are the pork chops with sweet potato on the side. Cinnamon & butter on the side please. Mom goes big for the half rack of ribs and sweet potato. We usually take half home. I enjoy the salad wedge/steak wedge or steak salad. I'm taking a liking to the French Dip, Sweet D is eating burgers more these days with their fat, hand formed sirloin patties. Speaking of hand formed, Lone Star's steaks are aged off-site, but are hand cut in the back room. The bleu cheese dressing, all sauces and the cobbler-type desserts are made on-premises. The Bovarian brown bread appetizer loaves and baguettes arrive from Texas by truck. Does SB 1070 allow that? Salted peanuts are no longer automatic, frequency of allergenic attack made them a "by request only" item. Kera, Assistant Manager is on the floor, circulating and greeting. She and one other cafe owner are the top circulators where we eat. We've spoken with Joe, the Manager off and on, and another manager some years back. Service is attentive, as mentioned by several other reviewers. My glass is never half empty. We're getting to know Jasmina of the many pens. She and Sweet D are passionate about office supplies. Lone Star is a chain, which BTW Yelp*ers, corporate reads your reviews. My mind keeps it in on the same steak house shelf as two other steak house chains. We've been to all three. Lone Star is the place we return. Price, quality, service, close to where out evening business keeps us. I suggest the old bald plastic cacti be replaced. Someone plucks spines obsessively. I wonder if someone has a Lone Star cactus spine stash at home? Somebody snarked away on Lone Star, with a mixed list of chains and locally owned places to eat. Rate chains with chains, local with locals, its only fair. Unless you've had one two many giant margaritas, then you'll say whatever you want no matter what. This place is fine. I guarantee we'll be back. Sweet D misses the line dancing of yore, and Joe, when you read the lines below, I expect you to jump up on the bar divider and dance your heart out with a grin.... (Courtesy David Allen Coe and Steve Goodman) WELL, IT WAS ALL THAT I COULD DO TO KEEP FROM CRYING SOMETIMES IT SEEMED SO USELESS TO REMAIN BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME DARLIN', DARLIN' YOU NEVER EVEN CALL ME BY MY NAME YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME WAYLON JENNINGS AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME CHARLIE PRIDE AND YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME MERLE HAGGARD/ANYMORE EVEN THOUGH YOU'RE ON MY FIGHTING SIDE CHORUS: AND I'LL HANG AROUND AS LONG AS YOU WILL LET ME AND I NEVER MINDED STANDING IN THE RAIN BUT YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME DARLIN', DARLIN' YOU NEVER EVEN CALLED ME BY MY NAME WELL, I'VE HEARD MY NAME A FEW TIMES IN YOUR PHONE BOOK (Hello, Hello) AND I'VE SEEN IT ON SIGNS WHERE I'VE PLAYED BUT THE ONLY TIME I KNOW I'LL HEAR "DAVID ALLAN COE" IS WHEN JESUS HAS HIS FINAL JUDGMENT DAY REPEAT CHORUS RECITATION: WELL, A FRIEND OF MINE NAMED STEVE GOODMAN WROTE THAT SONG AND HE TOLD ME IT WAS THE PERFECT COUNTRY & WESTERN SONG I WROTE HIM BACK A LETTER AND I TOLD HIM IT WAS NOT THE PERFECT COUNTRY & WESTERN SONG BECAUSE HE HADN'T SAID ANYTHING AT ALL ABOUT MAMA, OR TRAINS, OR TRUCKS, OR PRISON, OR GETTING DRUNK WELL HE SAT DOWN AND WROTE ANOTHER VERSE TO THE SONG AND HE SENT IT TO ME, AND AFTER READING IT, I REALIZED THAT MY FRIEND HAD WRITTEN THE PERFECT COUNTRY & WESTERN SONG AND I FELT OBLIGED TO INCLUDE IT ON THIS ALBUM THE LAST VERSE GOES LIKE THIS HERE: WELL, I WAS DRUNK THE DAY MY MOM GOT OUT OF PRISON AND I WENT TO PICK HER UP IN THE RAIN BUT BEFORE I COULD GET TO THE STATION IN MY PICKUP TRUCK SHE GOT RUNNED OVER BY A DAMNED OLD TRAIN CHORUS: AND I'LL HANG AROUND AS LONG AS YOU WILL LET ME AND I NEVER MINDED STANDING IN THE RAIN NO, A YOU DON'T HAVE TO CALL ME DARLIN, DARLIN YOU NEVER EVEN CALL ME WELL I WONDER WHY YOU DON'T CALL ME WHY DON'T YOU EVER CALL ME BY MY NAME
4	Great food and a rare bird of a honest manager when it comes to whats in the food. They have very comfy booths. Did nor care for the country music. I was able to blank out the music.
3	Convenient, safe, easy, anonymous. Perfect for an illicit tryst away from anyone you might know.
2	Will buy a grill and some meat and try my own hand before I go back.
2	It's been a long time since I went to a Lone Star (no offense-just not really on my radar) and will probably be an even longer time before I go back. While the service was adequate our server didn't really interact with us-she was sort of like a zombie server and just showed up to take our order, bring us our drinks and bring us our card back. Don't get me wrong-I'm not looking for a bestie at my table but the only thing drier was the steak-my friend ordered a filet and I a San Antonio Sirloin. Our meats were tough and dry-so much so that we barely ate half and didn't even bother to bring it home. Next time I'll find an Outback or TX Roadhouse (my friend likes chain steakhouses-I like the independents but am happy to compromise). The sweet potato was smaller then the cinnamon and sugar served on top. My salad, though tiny-was spot on! Do yourself a favor and pass on this place. Your pallet and wallet will appreciate it.
3	Food ok, waitress was awesome and atmosphere fair.
5	I came here for the very first time yesterday. We came in for lunch. We were greeted and seated right away, in a cozy little booth.However, before we eat we went to wash our  hands. The water in the bathroom is over the top hot. A child could really burn themselves on it. (Just a side note there).Anyway back to the food, The lunch choices are very good!We both had the Burgers,with cheese and veg. Fries are good Steak fries,nice and thick. We also tried the Potato soup ,which was also good. Drink refills were abundent!Lots of parking in the lot and easy to get to right on Camelback.By the way, this is the only one left in the Valley now. The others have all closed.
1	company dose not care about getting rid of flies in restaurant.  It is awful. Service is not good.
4	I'm a steak fan - with a preference for filet mignon. The Lone Star is a good, reasonably priced (about $20 a plate) fix when I really need a filet "fix". Service is fairly fast, attentive, and friendly, the beer is really cold, and a cocktail has a bit of a kick. Salad was very crisp and fresh, steak was cook exactly as I markedly requested to my server (a true medium, not cooked medium rare or medium well - so my server was obviously paying attention to me!). As others have remarked, the baked potato was kinda smallish and a little overcooked, but I had the "works" with it, so it was edible. Not the best steak dinner, but for the money, pretty good. Recommend.
1	Service here is awful.  Came in to a not so busy restaurant and was never seated, even after 3 groups of people came in after us.  They seemed to have a lot of people doing nothing.  I wouldn't recommend this place at all.
4	I really don't know what people are bitching about. It's a steakhouse, so how is the steak? I've had the porterhouse and the ribeye, both medium rare as a steak should be prepared, and both were excellent cut and quality. I take my steak seriously whether I'm grilling it or ordering it and this place knows how to grill a steak. High heat, salt, cracked pepper, and butter. Perfect. The sides were excellent as well and we've always had friendly service. I'd take Lone Star over Outback any day. I only wish we had a Cattleman's here, but this is the next best option.
4	Living close by we eat here quite often, I usually order the bubba burger or the chopped steak because they cook it exactly the way I like meat, bloody. I do wish they offered a plain mashed potato rather than the garlic mashed, I am not too much of a potato skin fan unless it's a baked tater. The service here is always excellent but I do have to agree on a busy day the parking lot is quite a challenge. I think $6.29 for 5 extra grilled shrimp is kind of pricey, especially if you've spent a small fortune on dinner. I recommend the 2 for $25 meal if they still have it available. They have taken feedback and expanded what they offer for the specials menu. The spinach and artichoke dip is a pretty tasty appetizer.
5	I do not favor the corporate monolithic steakhouse; but managers Joe & Cara absolutely make this place feel like your mother's dining room.  They are caring, smiling, nice to my kids, happy to see us, and genuinely seem to like their jobs.  Their attitudes influence their own staff and guests, it can be zany crazy, busy w/45-minute waits, to-go orders, screaming kids...nothing throws this crew off.Lucky to have you Joe and Cara!
5	I got the fish and chips, with wedge lettuce and spinach as the sides. The spinach and wedge lettuce were fantastic. The lettuce was fresh, the ranch dressing very delicious (not overly tangy), and the spinach was so fresh and well cooked and flavorful for a steakhouse.  The fish was good, but the batter was slightly heavier than I like best. But not overly heavy like some places. The appetizer bread was super soft and flavorful with the butter.Service was great.  The guy came back often to check on us.  My friend didn't like her fish and chips as much as I did, but she's super finicky and hard to please so I do not fault Lone Star on that. Haha. A lot of people wanted booths, so we thought there would be a wait. But we didn't care and got a table immediately.
5	I'm a fan. Good food. I love this restaurant's pork chops and chicken wing appetizers.  Good service. I often report their excellent service to the restaurant's website contact link.
5	I ordered the $12.99 special that came with bleu cheese topped sirloin (the best medium rare I have had in years!), a house salad and cheesecake for dessert. Great service. No complaints!
4	Family of five had a great dinner!  Our server Brandon was attentive and polite.  I observed the manager making her rounds and she stopped to check on us twice.  My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.  We will return soon!
3	Went on Mother's Day with wife and family.Steaks were average for the price. Very good service. Chocolate cake very good, but overpriced. Good middle level family steakhouse.
4	I ordered the peppercorn ribeye, and it turned out nicely. Tons of pepper, and a delicious brandy cream dipping sauce. With the price right in the mid range, they put out a good product.I also got the potato soup and rice, along with bread, all of which were good, about what you'd expect.Not the fanciest place around, but definitely a good place to go if you're just looking for a good steak dinner.
2	My friends like this place so I occasionally go to hang out. The food is never great and the service is iffy sometimes. Admittedly, we are a large group, but the service tonight went like this: (Pardon the fact that I am a meat eater.)I ordered the steak sandwich and my friend ordered a Delmonico. The waitress brought us both Delmonicos and I said, "I ordered the steak sandwich." She said, "You said "Delmonico." I said, "No, I didn't," politely because it's not that big a deal. She refused to acknowledge that MAYBE she was wrong. Just insisted that I had said Delmonico. Is or is not the customer usually right, even if they are wrong, which I wasn't? I didn't make a big deal, just paid the difference and brought the rest home. But I don't recommend the place.
4	This place was pretty good!  I had baby back ribs & fries, and both were very flavorful. The ribs were extremely tender, and the fries had an excellent seasoning on them. The service was decent - it was a pretty quiet time of day when we were there - but attentive.
3	The New York Sirloin was cooked well, but it was pretty tough. The online menu said they had prime rib, which is why we came, but they don't even sell it. Our server Bryan was very good
4	I called Lone Star to order the spicy spinach dip and the Steak sandwich for takeout, along with a salad. I was told that my food would be ready in about 15 minutes. Since I live in the general vicinity, it took me about 15 minutes to drive there. I'm surprised to have never noticed them before and they're a fairly large restaurant kinda hard to miss, even in a mini mall. Parking, close to the restaurant, is somewhat limited but you do have plenty of mall parking spots to consider. My total came to $20 and change. The dip was quite spicy and cheesy spinach superb. The nacho chips were fresh and warm. I ordered my steak well done. It was perfectly cooked and tender. Since I ordered takeout (had to pickup at the bar), I added A1 sauce to my sandwich once I got home. The salad was good, and they put my requested salad dressing on the side, along with pickles, onions and tomatoes.Overall, it was a nice meal and I'd go again, if just for the food.
4	The food was good, but not delicious, I had the steak sandwich "delmonico" the steak was tough and poorly seasoned. The portion is great, i usually split it with someone else. The place is spacious for a large group and they have seating that isn't so close to another person. The staff is friendly but somewhat inpatient, but then again we were a large group.
3	The food was delicious. The service on the other hand was horrible. I could get better service at The Applebee's that just shut down in chandler. I'm normally a 5 star giver. But the service was embarrassingly backwards
3	I give three stars because it wasn't horrible. My food was edible so eating here is not completely out of the question. There is nothing that makes me want to come back. My experience started with a host who was friendly and seated us with no wait. I asked her a question about the special written on the chalkboard she was unable to answer. Not a big deal I don't expect the host to know the menu. I came solo with my two kids we got settled and the server took our drink order. He seemed less than enthusiastic about giving any suggestions other than the house margarita that was on special. I took him up on his suggestion and got what I expected. A standard run of the mill house marg which I poured some of my corona in to change it up. I  went with the 6oz sirloin and half rack of ribs. The steak was ok, low expectations from a chain. The ribs on the other hand were comparable to jerky. Over cooked and under sauced. This was my servers suggestion to get the ribs. I know this guy has never tried these ribs because if he had it would be the last thing out of his mouth. I can get a meal at hundreds of establishments. This server must think business falls from the sky as opposed to being built on customer service and food quality. I am disappointed at the lack of passion this individual possesses. I was hoping for an experience that warranted a repeat visit.   This restaurant is under achieving. I hope this review prompts a server meeting about guest relations.
4	Nice. Liked it a lot. Food is always super hot and fresh, and the service is generally good. Beef was of good quality for that price point.
4	We decided on Lone Star because my boyfriend wanted to go to a "real" steakhouse and it's close to home. We were seated quickly with no wait. Service was good although it did seem to take some time to get our drinks even though it wasn't too busy. The food was good. We both had steaks and my boyfriend inhaled the steak fries with bacon and cheddar. I would most likely come back when I'm in the mood for steak and not in the mood to go too far.
5	We went there bcz we were starving and I had worked 22 hours that day and had to get my car from my job near the Biltmore...fun rush hour traffic...I was brain dead but that food perked me up let me tell ya.. The waitress was super nice, attentive brought out the drinks no issues...like clock work....The food was the bomb of course I had the baby back ribs and bakes potatoes...it was delish......yummy...scrumches sauce was perfect tangy and sweet and super soft meat...like butter melting in ya mouth
3	Well, it is a steakhouse, but since I don't really like steak and I had fish the last two nights, I decided on the bubba hamburger. However, what was served to me was the regular hamburger. When I pointed this out to the waitress, she asked if she could get some bacon on the side or some barbecue sauce for me. I opted to continue eating what they had brought me as long as I wasn't charged for the more expensive burger that I had actually ordered. The burger was actually very good, comparable to an Applebee's burger. I also opted for the garlic mashed potatoes rather than the steak fries, which was an awesome substitute. Hubby had the t-bone steak, and there certainly was a LOT of it!We were hoping for the key lime pie for dessert, which was on their online menu but was informed by the waitress that they haven't had the pie for some time. Really? Perhaps someone needs to update the online menus.
5	Best stake house I've ever been to. It's worth the drive from chandler. Everything is seasoned to perfection and the staff and manager are amazing. I recommend this place wether it's a family night out, date or business dinner. Whatever the occasion is, this place is perfect for it.
5	Great lunch specials, fast service as we go to work after and have limited time. We joined the lunch club so every 5th lunch is free.
4	Good food. Good prices. Good specialty bar drinks. One of the better 'chain' steak joints, for the price.
5	This is the only place I found that will actually prepare my steak rare. They have a fabulous ribeye!! Definitely a great place to relax, have a couple drinks, and enjoy friends and a great steak!
5	We drove from Tempe for our anniversary, for a great steak ... without breaking the bank.  The website looked like the atmosphere was similar to Dave's Bar-B-Que, but the steak reviews were great.   I chose the "Delmonico" because it sounded the most flavorable.  It was the best steak I've EVER had.  Perfectly seasoned, char grilled to medium rare perfection, very tender and juicy.  Husband had a chicken breast layered with barbeque sauce, cheese and onion rings.  Equally delicious!  Our service was excellent and so was the wine.  A great price on Mondavi Cab and Chard.  They treated us to a complimentary desert.  We chose the peach bread pudding.  Outstanding!   We got exactly what we came for, great food with great service for a reasonable price.  Its not cozy and romantic, but the country vibe is fun!
2	Steak was not cooked properly. After the second attempt still wrong.. gave up.  Good sweet potato though!Not my most favorite place for steak.
