1	Horrible landlord, is always in a bad mood never shows up when she says she will. Will schedule an appointment and not show up and then will blame you when you question why she hasn't come yet. Horrible on respecting privacy will schedule maintenance before even telling you and will expect you to be fine with whatever date and time and when you need something done actually maintenance will take weeks if not months to do the job. Do not rent from these people unless you are a masochist.
1	Don't rent from these people. Neighbor next door played music and videogames with the volume cranked up so loud the walls literally shook and when I knocked on the door to discuss it, heard a loud "F**k you!" in response. Went to the landlord for assistance and landlord claimed they couldn't do anything without police involvement besides calling the other tenet, which she claimed she couldn't get a hold of so only left one message. So, did what they said and called the police, but wasn't loud enough for them to issue a citation. The noise continued and kept calling the police to get a citation, but they refused. The police called the landlord about my complaints and I got a letter back from the landlord basically blaming me for not tolerating the noise and refusing to renew my lease. This is how I was treated after renting from this company on and off for the past three years. Do not rent from them. They will lie to your face to get you to rent, but once you've rented and are having problems, they refuse to properly address them and will probably blame you for them, regardless of whether or not it is actually your fault.
1	Wow, reading the first 2 reviews, my husband and i were amazed with what we had in common. We had a neighbor that seemed to be schizophrenic and obsessed over our family. She called us all night and became increasingly violent, damaging our cars, banging on our doors and windows and screaming in the hall way, she even pounded on our floors from the basement. We were told to call the police, we did 9 times, and the police contacted management. (By the time our restraining order was supposed to be issued we were moving, so that was pointless.)Fed up I sent a letter stating that our "right to peaceful enjoyment" was not being up held and had several videos of her banging and screaming on our door, another neighbor corroborated our claims. Management said they could do nothing, then strung us along for months saying they were going to evict her. In the end they refused to renew our lease and told other landlords we were "trouble," making it harder to rent a new apartment. Additionally, we didn't ask for maintenance, and were never informed when they entered our appt. I would like to mention I was in the shower with the door open alone when a man entered my residence!They started showing our apartment some time in December or January for a June lease! People were walking through our apartment at dinnertime for 6 months. I also requested that they not show our apartment during my home birth and 2 weeks after while I recuperated from delivery and bronchitis. I was told that regardless of wether I was in labor or not the apartment would be shown. There were 3 other identical units in our building that could have been shown instead. I even asked another neighbor if it would be OK for the manager to show her unit instead for this time. Be forewarned, if you tour one of the many Shimanski properties, you and your children may witness the miracle of birth.Shimanski Realty gets 1 star only because I can't give them 0.
