2	Being a creature of habit anytime I want good sushi I go to Tokyo Lobby.  Well, my group wanted to branch out and try something new so we decided on Sakana. Not a fan.  And what's shocking to me is this place was packed!  The restaurant opens at 5:30 on Saturday and we arrived at around 5:45 and were lucky to get the last open table.  I don't get it...Messy rolls that all tasted the same.  We ordered the tootsie roll and the crunch roll, both tasted similar, except of course for the crunchy captain crunch on top.  Just a mushy mess, that was hard to eat.  Bland tempura.  No bueno.  I did, however, have a very good tuna poke salad, but I would not go back just for that. If you want good sushi on the west side, or the entire valley for that matter, say no to Sakana and yes to Tokyo Lobby.
4	This is one of my favorite Sushi places, the only thing preventing me from giving them 5 stars is just service.  The food is great, the chefs are fun, but the waiting staff is just off almost every time.  They disappear for long periods of time, they don't consider seating strategies when sitting people and when you are done, you often have to ask another waiter/waitress to let your waiter/waitress that you are ready for the bill.Most nights you will be waiting for a seat, there is a long line before 5:30 waiting to get in when they open.  Enjoy the food, ignore the service.
4	Yum! LOVE their deep fried calamari & jalepeno salad. I know that sound weird, but try it, it's delicious.  Try to get there right before they open so that you can get a table, it can get very crowded.
5	Sushi, you are such a cruel mistress! So delicate, so laboriously prepared, such a sweet and pleasant sensation to my taste buds; yet so pricey! Sakana is a great candidate when in the running next to Tokyo Lobby. Sakana carries fig vodka, the BEST stuff you will ever drink! I had my first drink of it here, and for that I will remain grateful. They are also open everyday of the week for dinner from 5:30 - 9:30 PM, where as TL is closed on Sunday. I must say I have never waited in a line here, but I would. Sit at the sushi bar and buy your "bar tender" a Kirin; you won't regret it!
4	Very good rolls, actually had some items that my kids ate and liked. Inexpensive. Not really kids friendly, small tight tables.
4	Sakana is one of the few sushi places that I return to. There is usually always a wait (no reservations, which is a PITA), but the sushi is fresh, service is quick (so it's not always super friendly), and the calamari salad is SO effin good. Their lunch specials remind me of something I'd find in So. CA-- tasty, filling and reasonably priced. It's lively on the weekends with several tables doing sake bombs so it's a fun place to celebrate birthdays.
5	I worked here for about a year from 2006-2007 but I swear, I'm not biased.Sakana has the freshest fish and I can vouch that the chefs and supervisors take trips to California to pick it up fresh and they also get some of it from BC. The service is always great as well as fast and the restaurant is clean. The staff is always loud and fun and I recommend sitting at the bar and conversing with the sushi chef Masa if you get the chance. He's a complete riot!Also, if the 108 degree fahrenheit roll is on special, order it! The flavors and sauce are unbelievable. I used to love it before I went fully vegetarian and still to this day, that is one of the few non-veg things I crave.
5	I'm almost hesitant to tell you about my favorite sushi place because it's already pretty busy...  But oh well.  I love Sakana.  It's a comfortable restaurant, I don't feel like I have to get all dressed up to go there.  Don't let the fact that it's in a strip mall turn you off, inside is small, but nice.  Their sushi chefs are always very professional and keep their bar very clean- that's so important when dealing wih sashimi.  We've taken a lot of people to Sakana and it has never disappointed.  We have tried almost all their special rolls and love their sashimi too.  Their service staff are authentic and sweet.   I've never been disappointed.Now....stay away...cause I don't want to wait for a table....
5	Excellent Sushi!  I love it all!  Lunch here is a must.  Just try to get in when they first open.  Once lunch hour hits no seat can be found.
5	Easily my favorite sushi spot in the valley. The fish is fresh, the staff is nice and the portions are perfect. The lunch menu is awesome and dinner is worth the wait on the weekends.
5	Wife and I are a big fan of Sakana, especially the Poke Poke and Hawaiian White Tuna Toro.  Staff is friendly, service is fast, food is great and portions are large!
4	You know a place is good when there is always a line. Even before the place opens!  For great sushi and friendly service, check out Sakana. Its not pretentious. Its just good food and atmosphere.
4	I LOVE this place. My dad and I came here about a year ago and we were really pleased not only with the quality of the sushi, but also with the price, which was a nice surprise. We visited again last weekend, and were not disappointed. We tried the house smoked sake nigiri and the spicy swirl roll, which are not available at my local haunt...fabulous! My mom ordered the teriyaki light plate and seemed to really enjoy it, although if I go to a Japanese restaurant, sushi is pretty much all I'll do if possible. We also ordered the stuffed shrimp, which were delicious albeit a little unhealthy for both of us. We ended up eating one each and taking the rest home.Not rating 5 stars because the place gets hella crowded so fast and they have such a small waiting area, we have to stand rather than wait outside where it's 115 degrees...
5	so its official~as much as im a beer snob....im a sushi one too....my last nite in phoenix after a 49er victory was craving the sushi goods...my cousin/his lady said this sakana brand was a chain in az...kudos to him for the plug...this place didnt disappoint...urban legend says this place has a line/long wait....mainly due to the size of the joint...luckily no wait....walkin into this place...your treated like royalty...the sushi chefs & the waiters greet u once u enter & when u leave....so about the food...had to have the tuna shashimi/spicy tuna roll...the icing on the cake was this sushi dish that was called a salmon dynamite/salmon cake on top of this roll...this place was good...jus havin flashbacks now
5	I've been coming to Sakana since it opened in Glendale.  Nothing compares to this place.  I tried to convince Yoshi to take over the next suite to expand the place but she wouldn't do it.  She want's to keep the quality top notch...which she does in brilliant fashion!  My family and friends love Yoshi and the food at Sakana.  If you have to wait a while to get in...deal with it!!  It's worth it.  (better yet, don't deal with it...so we can get in faster!!)Update - Yoshi DID take my advise (ok, she prolly did it on her own), and expanded into half of the other suite.  Being the brilliant (and hot) person she is, she kept the standards high and the quality has not suffered at all!  Now, you don't have to wait.  It's a little harder to see the specials, but she'll come over and explain everything so you don't have to worry.
4	Sakana is simply a great place to eat.  It's small and is always busy.  The waitresses and sushi chefs greet you at the door when you arrive and thank you on your way out, simply friendly.  The place is fairly small, though it is not as intimate as one would hope, I am sure it is the way the tables are set up.  You may be rubbing elbows with a few locals while you pop a piece of sashimi in your mouth, literally.  The food is good, portions are decent, but sometimes lacking presentation and even size.  I have eaten at Sakana's many many time, times with folks from out of town, others with family and friends and I am sorry to say, but every time I order the same portion of salmon sashimi, the portions were ALL different sizes.  Once my sashimi was served on a bed of crushed ice, AWESOME.  The next it was served simply on a room-temperatured plate, at least it should have been cold.  I have known the restaurant business long enough to know that of course not ALL dishes will come out the same, I don't want it looking the same I would like to see consistancy.  The specials are good, the White Tuna is always a winner, it is a very fatty fish so don't be surprised, it is very good though.  The handrolls typically a kid favorite are very good, they are big so order slow.  Their beer special comes with a 50 cents appertizer that is usually 4 or 5 bucks.  Always a good way to get people to buy the booze!The rolls that are on special are great, if they are in season and fresh, get it.  The only thing that I have ever returned at Sakana was a piece of Uni that was not very fresh, so if you know your seafood, and you have had great sashimi before in any form, on a roll or alone, you would have been able to spot it as soon as it was raised to your nostrils. Pungent. The Uni was simply not fresh and did not hold its shape, the sign of sea urchin that should not have been hanging around a restaurant.To sum it up, Don't miss: The specials, the handrolls and the friendly staffSkip: The typical california rolls and cooked rolls.  Have some fun, Sakana is a good place to try some good fish, RAW.
4	This place is always packed and there's a good reason why. The food is top notch, the prices are fair and service is excellent. The only drawback of Sakana us the inordinate amount of bedazzled Ed Hardy shirts on the customers. Such is the price you pay when sushi is a popular trend. Don't let the bro dawg/bimbo quotient dissaude you from partaking in great meal. The staff more than makes up for it.
5	Definitely amongst the best sushi i ever ate.  Everything was awesome. And portions were decent too. We went in a group of 6 and tried almost everything on the menu. I had some sort of salad there, cant remember what it was exactly but it was the best dish.
5	Good food but long wait during lunch....if you are hungry this place will get you full.  cozy and nice staff.....great little place!
5	Great place for lunch.  Huge portion..expect to wait long time.  staff are friendly and special are out of this world.  Very nicely done.
5	Sakana - a Japanese term referring to food eaten as an accompaniment to alcohol. As the name suggests, this is a great place to drink, eat, and have a great time among friends.This small, homey, and unpretentious restaurant offers top-notch sushi. Ordering a bottle of Kirin is a must; or better yet a sake bomb, because with every bottle of beer you are offered a $.50 appetizer of your choice. Everything is affordable and can be shared. I have yet to come across something that I didn't like, and DO NOT forget to order one of the specials off the dry erase board.The only drawback is the wait during peak hours, but this can be avoided if you come at the right time. Give this spot a chance. Yoshie and the rest of the friendly staff will treat you to the best sakana, and an experience that will not disappoint.
4	I went here the other night with the roommate to eat some serious sushi. We arrived at about 8:00 p.m. and were instantly greeted at the door and quickly seated.  The restaurant is small and intimate and they have a sushi bar that you can chill at.  There were sushi specials where Nigiri were only a couple dollars and special sushi rolls that priced around 3 to 4 dollars apiece.  We ate 3 pieces of Nigiri and 3 other sushi rolls. Our total bill was about $25.00.  I definitely recommend this restaurant if you are in the North West Phoenix area.
4	Good food @ inexpensive prices! We came close to closing time yesterday and boy was it packed! The staff here is very sweet and accommodating. Their lunch menu plates are great in portion and average $8. You can add on fried rice or tempura for just $2 more! They offer half rolls for $3.50 for those who prefer smaller sized portions & the opportunity to try different varieties. A local hot spot!
4	Very good sushi. Good happy hour menu. I only gave 4 stars because they used to be a little better. Still very good
1	I don't even know where to start.   I guess ill start by pointing out what I liked.   It's nice, small,  and cozy.  The decor is not cheesy.  The service was mediocre.  Oh and the prices, they were fairly cheap, four of us ate (no drinks) for about $40!  I would like to state that I did NOT have a bad experience with bad service or anything along those lines.  Ok now that I've said that.   I haven't the slightest of ideas why this place has a 4.5 star rating.  If the rating was based solely on price and service then yes by all means this place deserves a 4.5 star review.  I'm starting to believe all the other reviews were from friends of the owner or got payed for their review.  .   We waited 40 minutes to be seated.   Our waitress was well average and our food came out fairly quick.  There was absolutely nothing special about any of the 6 rolls we ordered.  They were all bland and extremely plain tasting.  There was no difference in taste from one roll to the other.  Even the vegas roll was bland.  Its a vegas roll! I have never had a bad vegas roll.  My friend and I have never left a sushi roll uneaten, well except from an all-u-can-eat (And thats just because we couldn't fit any more down our throat).  We left sushi.  We were still hungry but it was just not worth the effort to chew something that tasted like paper.  As I've said, if the rating was only based on service and price, yes I would give it a 4-5.  But I don't care how great the service is or how cheap the food is, if it taste like, well i don't want to say crap because that has a distinct taste, this was more along the lines of plain cardboard.  I recommend you go anywhere else.  Tokyo Loby, Yen Sushi, shoot go to Sprouts and buy one of those little premade sushi boxes.  Not worth the wait and I would probably not return even if it was free.
5	Great sushi, huge portions, very friendly staff, and love the yogurt shop next door :)
4	What do I do?  I had a fine experience...sat at the bar on a Wed at 12:30. no wait.  Great service, as others have noted.  Very good sashimi deluxe (whiteboard special) two rolls from the luncheon specials.  Price $25 plus drinks.Nothing was bland, everything tasted good and fresh.  I was ready to give this place a 5, but too many of you say I'm wrong.I know...I'll have to go back again to get a better outlook on Sakana.  In the meantime, maybe I'll sneak in a few times without reviewing.  Just to keep my tasting skills up.
5	Best sushi in Phoenix. The head chef Oscar is great.
5	I LOVE SAKANA! Okay, now that I've gotten that out of the way...this is my absolute favorite sushi spot here in the valley so I'm going to do a little yelp break down on this mofo:FOOD/DRINK - Excellent sushi! It's fresh, it's tasty, and they've got a nice variety to choose from. Everything from raw to not so raw, and don't forget to look at the specials they have on the board by the bar! Some of my faves are the shrimp tempura rolls & the salmon dynamite. And if you come Sunday - Thursday, they run a customer appreciation special which is some of the specialty rolls except they're smaller & cheaper. I also love going here for the sake bombs - awesome price for the sake & beer you get, and they have a 50 cent appetizer special when you order it with Kirin. (man that sounds so good right about now...) Best of all, you can't really beat the amount of food you get for the price.SERVICE - The ladies that serve you here are so friendly and they're good at remembering faces when you come back. Yoshie is super nice and you can usually find her walking around to check on everyone, occasionally stopping to chat. I'm always sure to leave a nice tip for the wonderful service.CUSTOMERS - Weird, right? That I'd be adding a break down for the customers... But  I think they're pretty awesome too! Every single time I come here, I see a lot of regulars enjoying their food & having conversations with the staff. In a time where sushi joints try to be over the top & trendy, it's nice to come to a place that's low-key & you can have an actual conversation. Some people complain about having to wait for a table here, but obviously Sakana is doing something right if they've got people lined up by the door before they are even open! I will continue to come back again & again :)**On another note - they've recently expanded! Although, this is still a fairly small restaurant at least adding a few more tables will cut the wait time a little more :)
5	Don't let the strip mall setting deter you.  This restaurant has some of the best tasting fish in town.  When you walk in, the servers are very friendly and quick to seat you.  They recently expanded so it doesn't feel as cramped as before.  The quality of the tuna is the best I've had in town.  When you bite down your teeth easily cut through the fish while keeping a good tuna consistency.  The prices are not inflated like your typical Scottsdale sushi restaurant.  They even have appetizer specials where you buy a bottle of Kirin and you get a choice of 6 appetizers for only $.50!  I highly recommend this place to any fan of great sushi with equal service.
5	This is the best Sushi ever.  We eat here at least once a week and love it.  The fish portions are large and the price is reasonable.  I send people there all the time and they love it.  The staff is great and the sushi bar is usually very fun.  Must try: The "House" Smoked Salmon.  It is amazing.  Make sure it is not the regular smoked salmon.  The Pink Panda roll is amazing too.  It is not on the menu but the sushi guys know what it is.
5	The best sushi places in glendale! Looking for a friendly fun enviroment with awesome food? Then don't pass this one up... Drink with some of the chefs, buy them a saki. :)
5	I have been going to Sakanas for years now, and can say that I have yet to have anything short of a great experience there! The sushi is fantastic, very high quality and fresh! They give you huge pieces of fish for a very affordable price. The rolls ate delicious as well, they always have cool specials that can be seen on their whiteboard behind the sushi bar. The lunch special is fantastic, you can get plenty of rolls for very cheap! Also, the service is always awesome. Yoshie, a manager, is always walking around greeting everyone and checking on you during your meal. She seems to know almost all her customers, and makes everyone feel important.I give them 5 starts for service, food quality, portion size, and prices, Sakanas is the best!!
5	This is my favorite sushi restaurant. I've been going here for years and I just enjoy the food and the people so much. It's making me want sushi just thinking about it...probably going tonight, then! YAY!
4	Wow, didn't know they had sushi this good in the desert!  I come here everytime I am in town for work since there is nothing but your typical chain restaurants in Phoenix.  Discovered it here on yelp and the reviews are pretty spot on.  Obviously, the sushi here is not better than other major metropolitan areas with higher asian population.  I consider myself a sushi snob and I thought this place was really good and exceeded all my expectations.  You will even see Japanese business men in here from time to time so this place is legit.Everytime I go I have a wonderful experience, no wait for me since I always grab a seat at the bar.  The sushi chefs are extremely friendly and always have a fun conversation with them.  The waitstaff is quick and attentive as well.I always get an assortment of sashimi and have whatever rolls on their daily special.  The fish is really fresh and they give you decent sized pieces.  Whenever I am here I get sticker shock because it's so darn cheap for quality sushi.  A comparable meal when I am in NYC or SF would've cost me at least three times of what I paid here.So to sum it all up if you are looking for good sushi in the Phoenix metro area this is the place!
3	Not bad. But, I come from LA so I have high expectations. The sushi was fresh and tasted pretty good. I also love the fact that they have customer appreciation's night from Monday to Thursday. But, somehow the rolls all taste rather similar and the rice is not as sweel or sticky as I'm used to. The portions are huge so you are bound to get full with the amount of rice in it. The clam miso soup could also use more flavor. It was definitely interesting with asparagus and bell peppers but I prefer a rich miso taste with tiny clams, tofu, and seaweed instead. Other than that, a quick fix for any sushi craving in the Glendale vicinity.
3	If you are looking for a more traditional sushi experience then Sakana is the place for you.  Sure they can do all of the fun rolls, but this is a great place to really enjoy sashimi and nigiri.  The service staff is extremely helpful and attentive.  Most of the Sakana crew have been working there for a while which says a lot to me about the working atmosphere and translates to familiarity and a better customer experience.  Over the years I have only had one poor experience during lunch with some work colleagues, it has never been repeated and I am very happy to have this establishment as one of my go to places for good traditional sushi when I am on the west side.
4	Wow, came here last week for a lunch meeting after hearing that they have a fantastic sushi lunch special and man was is large.  I wish a took a picture now, but had a variety of different sushi (dont know all the names very well)  but I liked the salmon, spicy tuna, yellow tale, calamari, and a few others I cant name.  I couldn't even finish, and as you know Sakana is famous for fresh great tasting sushi....I know this because my wife who knows best tells me so.  The ambiance is great, it's a tiny casual (but not to casual) place in an slightly upscale grocery store parking lot.  There is a small bar and just about 20 or so tables.  The service is always great, I came hear the first time with my wife for a date night and it was very good.  I will most definitely come back for lunch again, but keep in mind folks this place closes from 2-4 between lunch and dinner.
5	Service is soooooo good! I can always count on this place to ace great service and great food!
4	I've now gone here a couple of times and will be returning.  It's nice to find such good sushi at my end of town.  I always leave here stuffed because I can't stop from eating everything we order.  Even their entree's that are cooked are great.  Excellent service and excellent food.
4	I go here about once a week.  They have a great lunch special and wonderful staff.  Everyone says hello when you come in and they wait on you like restaurants charging three times as much.  This is the best sushi I have found in the west valley and reasonably priced.
3	Had to take down a star.  Still love the place but after one poster commented on the "glorified california rolls"  I started to pay attention and sure enough,  most everything is filled with imitation crab meat to make it bigger, and using less of let's say, soft shelled crab.We still come here.  We still love it our sushi and sake combination here.  It is conveniently located for us, and we've always had great service. But still, use more of the real stuff.
5	I've been to this location 5 times and I'm yet to see the same special presented twice. They have them made up in the lobby area so you can see if they tickle your fancy.The lunch portions are VERY generous and diverse (include miso soup, asian salad, crab rangoon, and the entree).Also, if you like Kirin beer- every Kirin you order allows you to choose an appetizer add-on for $.50 - $1.00. There's seating at the bar, which surrounds the personable sushi chefs. And every meal is concluded with complementary orange pieces served with toothpicks.Fresh wasabi upon request.
3	Eh.I and a large group of friends ate here last night (a Friday). Service was S L O W, but I can write that off seeing as it was Friday night and we were a large group.They had some examples of the specials on the hostess stand, which were fun to look at. It's helpful to see what you're ordering, instead of trying to guess what it'll look like. We got to look at those examples for an hour. Yep. An hour. Fun. Oh look, there are the specials. Great. Sure wish I could order one, but no. Still waiting.We get seated and our drink orders are taken. Having waited an hour, we all already knew what we wanted to order. Our waitress didn't come back to take our orders for over 15 minutes. Seriously. Again, it was a Friday. Getting a bit ravenous at that point...Finally, sushi is ordered, and naturally it takes quite a while to come back. Our orders trickled back to us one at a time, the last person being served nearly a half hour after other people in our group got their meals. I felt really bad for her!The busser was on top of water fills, thank the heavens. It was all that was keeping me from eating the wasabi and ginger as an appetizer.The rolls were pretty standard fare. The specials looked great and got good reviews from those who ate them.Overall, it was ok. Not worth cheating on Tokyo Lobby though.
5	We're NYers who love food & just moved to Glendale from NYC. The biggest change for us being here is a) not being able to walk places & b) lack of GOOD restaurants (chains DON'T cut it..). Went to Sakana on a friend's recommendation with low expectations.. fish in the desert sounded pretty grim to me.I was shocked by the freshness of the fish, great service, creative special roll concoctions & the price. Sakana's food compares well to high-class Manhattan sushi,  but at half the price. We've been back twice since that first visit. Stoked to come back again!!
5	Hands down the BEST sushi in all of Arizona. And although it is nearly an hour away from my house I come all the way to this location to get my sushi fix. Huge portion sushi rolls that always fill me up. Even my boyfriend is stuffed after 2 rolls. And even if your getting the sashimi or nigiri they give you giant slabs of fish unlike many other restaurants. The only con to this restaurant is that it gets extremely busy at times and service can be a little slow. None the less no matter how busy they are the food ALWAYS comes out amazing!
2	It's used to be a good place to get sushi. Until I ate sushi at KABUKI Tempe, this place is far behind. Sorry I'm not a fan anymore to this place, till I stopped by to get lunch. The salmon wasn't fresh. 2 star...
4	I LOVE this place! THe staff is always friendly and the service is fast and the food is great!
5	Been to a lot of sushi places and this place is at the top of my list.  Quality sushi at a reasonable price and the staff is amazing.
5	We went here for lunch while on vacation.  The food was great and the portions were quite large.  3 of us at for $30 plus tip.
5	This is absolutely my favorite sushi restaurant in the Phoenix area!  The food is delicious!  The prices are very reasonable and discounted on weekdays.  They recently expanded the dining room to accommodate a larger crowd.  The servers provide excellent recommendations and they have an unbelievable variety of rolls to choose from!
4	I've forgotten how Great this place is , I used to only go at lunch time and dine with a friend but now I rediscovered it . The lunch specials are big and interesting and had variety so we always shared one something like soup , salad , some sushi , something fried and rice . When you walk in you see samples of maybe up to 4 specials to give you an idea of what you might want to try . Last night some of what we saw was (I think it was?) a Yellow Tail Jaw platter that looked really good and various sushi rolls one topped with lots of fried onions and another that was so colorful and interesting looking we had to try it called a snow white roll made up of a mild cooked white fish and avocado rolled over top and what looked like ahi inside with a battered shrimp running threw so it was a mix of raw and cooked and we shared a spicy salmon roll . Unlike other sushi I had before it was easier to eat more of the sushi here because it didn't have that extra heavy ring of rice around it and the spicy salmon wasn't all mayo-ed up like from some places my plate also had threads of radish topped with spicy sauce . I now want to go back and try the dinner menu that I didn't know they had with maybe a stir fried white fish or 10 spice salmon? they also have breaded pork and breaded chicken and teriyaki . If you drink Kirin Beer you can buy a decent appetizer off the .50 cents-$1.00 menu (with purchase of beer) Dinner was approx $25 before tip...FOR TWO PEOPLE    I can't wait to go back
1	I think the first time I came to this place I had on some serious beer goggles. Second time... definitely worse than the first.Fair warning: DON'T COME HERE FOR ROLLS. Because every roll on the menu (and specialty rolls not on the menu) are all glorified California rolls. The only difference between any of the rolls is the sauce or the extra ingredient. If you get a roll, you can pretty much expect it to have Krab (yes, Krab with a K) salad (translation: fake imitation crab meat packed with mayo), cucumber, and rice. We came on a Friday night craving sushi. I got the sake nigiri and the whitefish nigiri. The fish was okay quality- definitely okay for the desert.... but this was on a Friday night (when they most likely received their freshest fish)... so any other night could possibly be a bust.Service was good. The place inside could definitely be improved with more tables and more intimate lighting. And the edamame always seems to look brown. boooooooooo.Prices are decent... but you definitely get what you pay for.
3	I've been here twice and had a great time both times.  The best part about this restaurant are its specials. If you order Kirin beer you can have an appetizer for one a dollar. This is a great way to stretch your budget especially when dining with friends where a few beer and appetizer orders can take care of appetizers for the table and ultimately pare down the amount and hence cost of the sushi order.  The reason for the three stars is that the sushi is decent not stellar.  This is a problem if you are, primarily, a sushi place.  However, the ambiance, friendly sushi chefs, and specials help to make up for any deficiency in maki texture. There was, however, one roll that shined and really hit the mark on both texture and flavor profiles: The Pink Panther Roll.  Order this, seriously!  I believe it is (blame the Kirin/appetizer combo deal for my memory lapses) a spicy tuna roll with lettuce on the inside and tuna sashimi over the top all covered in a light japanese mayo sauce.  More than worth it!If you are alone or eating as a pair I recommend eating at the sushi bar.  The sushi chefs are convivial and will enhance your dining experience with banter and much clinking of glasses as they drink beer with the patrons. Also, they are more than willing to make maki off menu.  My husband loves the traditional japanese mackerel maki (just mackerel on the inside). This wasn't offered, but he asked and the chef was more than happy to oblige, even complementing him on his traditional tastes. The wait staff is just as friendly and efficient.  My hot green tea was always filled and all of our plates were cleared promptly.  There is one more great bonus when you dine here: free sliced oranges for dessert. The orange slices are served inside the orange skin, very elegant and surprisingly satisfying.
5	The service here is great. The waitresses are all so cute and so nice. They have pretty unique specials when it comes to their sushi rolls. All so tasty and very appealing as well. The presentation is awesome.Great price, great service, great food. LOVE IT!
1	I took my friend here tonight as a "thank you" for letting me stay with her for four days.  I thought with 57 reviews and a 4 star rating I couldn't go wrong.  I was wrong.  Every "roll" was a giant pre-made california roll topped with something else.  The Spicy Tuna Roll had chopped up tuna on top and was not spicy.  My friend had to ask for a spicy sauce to go with it and the waitress explained that "our spicy tuna isn't spicy".  The last straw was the salmon roll which was, again, a california roll topped with baked chopped salmon.  It was inedible.  I couldn't understand why there were so many customers there.  I wouldn't eat here again if it were free.  I wish I had really listened to Mar A.'s review.
1	If I could give it less than 1 star I would.  I don't understand all the people raving about this place, the food is horrible. They must be friends or getting paid for their reviews. Every roll is a really bad California roll with Krab meat and horrible to mediocre toppings on top. I ordered a spicy tuna role since it's pretty hard to mess up, wow was I wrong. The roll was the nasty California role with chopped tuna on top and there was  absolutely no spice to the role. I was told by the waitress 'that's how we make our spicy roles'. This confused me  since the definition of spicy is ' seasoned with or containing spice'  so their spicy roles are not really spicy roles.  I will give them this, the roles are big and inexpensive but who cares when they are basically inedible .
4	All the rolls I've tried and appetizers have been VERY salty. I wouldn't recommend them. But their sashimi is a whole other story! They give VERY GENEROUS portions for the sashimi which is great! For once the fish is longer than the lump of rice! Especially since it is so close to school, I would come back just for those big chunks of sashimi! And to see if they have green tea tempura ice cream...
5	Great for lunch and dinner the freshest sushi huge services
3	Really a nice restaurant, although not very many veggie maki options which was really disappointing. Expect to pay a decent price for the atmosphere as well.
5	Hands down best sushin in az! Try it and see for yourself. Sit at the bar and say hi to jun or junji.
4	I had the most SUCCULENT salmon cheeks here that I have ever had , they were seasoned so interesting they were almost sweet and almost salty with the lightest crispness on the outside , they were perfection .     (one of the specials) We shared some very fresh sushi and a special of the evening roll that had great textures and taste to it that had a center of fried chicken made with fresh tuna and salmon covered with a tasty sauce. My only criticism is that the sushi and rolls are made in pieces that are too big to eat in one bite .I am not an expert with sushi and only understand freshness , taste and artistry . I don't know how this compares to other places but I can say for sure we were VERY PLEASED Everything was very fresh , tasty and the service was so good we were treated like we were rock stars and the meal ended with a well groomed complimentary orange that tasted better than any orange I buy anywhere.For approx $12 a person (most rolls and plates of sushi are around that price) at dinner time you can really feast well !
3	The service is great the sushi is so-so.  I enjoyed a nice lunch with my husband.  You get a LOT of food for your money.  It's not the best quality, but it's decent.  I would go here again for lunch - probably not dinner.  The service was great, and my iced tea glass was never empty.
2	I'm not going to lie but even Fry's sushi is better than what I had tonight. I think my dad put it the best way: This was made for Americans. I'm not trying to be racist but coming from the bay area, I've definitely had better. The portion sizes were amazing but it just wasn't appetizing. I definitely won't be back but nice try Arizona sushi place
2	Great service, great atmosphere, sashimi is ok, not the freshest game in town, very reasonable though...
4	My BFF heard about this place from another friend, we decided to check it out last Mon.Awesome.Their happy hour prices are super cheap. Regular prices are about the same as anywhere else but the amount you get for it, is considerabley more.We got 4 rolls (2 six piece, 2 five) and a mixed plate of sashimi. The 6 piece rolls were about the "normal" sushi roll size, but the size were twice that width. Each piece was a two biter, easily. The sashimi was gorgeous, seriously, beautiful thick cuts of fish. I would definately eat here again.
3	Another sushi review...yes I eat a lot of sushi :)The decor in Sakana is very nice and the Japanese waitresses are lovely. Everyone was friendly, sweet and attentive. I went because another yelp review said "The service is great the sushi is so-so."..This is 100% completely accurate. However if you are willing to overlook the not perfect sushi and want something filling, fast and inexpensive this is the place.Went on Wed night during happy hour (740pm) ordered:2 Tuna Roll1 California Roll1 Salmon Roll2 Philly Roll2 DrinksTotal = $20.00Now that is a price worth going for but I do not live close enough to go back regularly. It is like a strip club..if you are in the area and want to look at attractive women it may be worth it but likely not to travel an extra 20 min when you have a local strip club across the street.
5	i love sakana's!this place is so good! i've never ordered a thing i didn't like here!!  their rolls are superbly delicious! and quite large! their prices on their happy hour menu are mad cheap and are available sun-thurs.  make sure you check out their specialty rolls cause they're incredible! some of my favorite rolls include:chimi chimi rollalaskan rollbaked scallop rollscs rollalso a must try is their calamari tempura salad. yummy veggies along with really tender and crunchy pieces of calamari in their own homemade dressing--WOW!  also try out their sashimi! the slices are great cuts and thick! the service is awesome! they're fast, efficient and friendly. even when they're busy, the service is still top notch. you gotta check it out! you won't be disappointed!
4	Very good food. We did have to wait, but we didn't have to wait long. Very reasonable pricing. Loved it!
5	We arrived on a Friday night 10 minutes after the doors opened, the place was already PACKED! We waited for a minute before we were sat. The waitress took our drink orders and we were ready to order by the time she came back. Our sushi took maybe 10 minutes before it was in front of us, and it was some of the best sushi I've had in Phoenix. I've been all over the valley and sushi is hit or miss. Definitely a hit here. The staff was great, service was excellent, and the food was spectacular. We will most definitely be coming back again. I cannot recommend this place highly enough.
4	Love the sushi here!! best rolls and freshest fish in the valley! I like the Indian Bend location the best, the staff there are just more hospitable. 59th seems to have a few newbies in the staff area. Waitress;s that disappear etc...but they still kick it on the quality of the sushi.
5	Sakana has been a home away from home for years. Have attempted to find a close comparison and can't....even somehow in Maui or Kauai. They always take great care of you, it is a very relaxed atmosphere and the sushi is amazing! How Fresh Wasabi could be #1 in my zip code is beyond me. Best to order family style as everything comes when it is ready...they don't let anything sit. Thank you my Sakana family:)
2	Not so fresh, taste bland and generally sea food away from the ocean is a bad idea.  This has just confirmed my belief.  Atmosphere is nice though.
5	Really Sakana?  I haven't written a review about you yet?  How could I not?Well, no time like the present.My family has been frequenting this find establishment for some time now.  Back when it use to be half its current size and we dreamed of the day when the blockbuster next door would follow suit and shut its doors.  Well, they did, and Sakanas expanded.There is ALWAYS a line at the front door right before opening.  But don't be turned off, this is no two hour wait, they ALWAYS open on time, and there is ALWAYS room.You will be promptly greeted, sushi bar or table?, and then quickly sat.  Your server will be friendly and prompt.  My husband loves the iced green tea, my parents always get some Kirin and sake.  Now you get a discounted appetizer with those beers, may I suggest the jalapeno boats with a sweet dipping sauce, so yum.Your regular menu will have some entrees, some sushi, some salads.... Haven't had any of the entrees, but the miso soup and their house salad are both excellent.Now lets get on to what we are here for.  Sushi.As you walk in next to the hostess stand there will be three of their specials out on display.  They all look good, and guess what, they all are.  Get them, get them all.You will also notice the white board behind the sushi bar.The sushi bar filled with lively talented sushi chefs.  Making delicious rolls, cracking jokes, and maybe taking a shot from time to time.  One most likely purchased by one of the guests at the bar, they share a round, a toast, hey we are all friends here!Back to that board.  There's a list of sashimi, as well as some rolls.   Your biggest challenge of the night will be narrowing down what to order.  Again, they all sound great, and they all are.They do a great job with the simple and an equally great job with the more complex.  They aren't all pop and sparkle like some of those other sushi places, where you can order that super duper tri color are those pop rocks,  is that deep fried, holy cream cheese rolls.  I mean, you can get that, and it will be good, a flavor explosion if you will.  However you can also get a nice sliced piece of fresh delicous fish, with some fresh wasabi root.  And you know what, the price is fair.  Your get quality here.And say hi to Yoshi.  She's the manager, the one with the big smile.  She will stop by, and she will be warm, and funny.  All the staff is.
5	Outstanding..unpretentious..and down right perfect customer service!This place is unbelievable! The smoked salmon is the best I have ever had! The rolls are delicious and the nigiri sashimi is perfect as are the sushi chefs!Did I mention the smoked salmon is the best I have ever had????  Put this place on your bucket list.....oh ya!!!
4	Fantastic portions for your money, especially during happy hour (aka customer appreciation), great service (the employees know their stuff!) and overall delicious!! Need I say more?Go there.
5	What can I say about Sakana? It's the best by far in the West Valley!!!!! Not only do they serve the biggest pieces sushi but its always super fresh & wonderfully prepared. They also have the best staff & chefs who are always friendly and accommodating whenever we come in which is almost every Friday for lunch! We really feel like at home when we dine there for lunch and the service is super. Bravo to Yoshi, Tomo! Yuko! Jun! Oscar! Ian! the entire team (sorry if I missed a name) and JunJi who is now in Chandler.
4	Delicious sushi and lunch specials that don't put a dent in your wallet. Love this place and have been coming here for years!
5	Always good food. Great prices. The California rolls have a lot of crab meat. Other sushi places usually try to fill the roll with everything else but the crap meat. Workers here are very nice. My favorite sushi place in town.
5	Ok...took three friends to a Saturday evening dinner.  Note the 5 stars - Sakana is one of the best, if not the best, on the northwest side.  Wait staff is great, noise level and music are just right, prices are just what I'd expect.  And the serving sizes are perfect!
5	Best Sushi on the west side.  Portions are great.  If you haven't been here before I'd recommend ordering much less than your typical order at other spots.  Really good bang for your buck here.  I always leave full and drunk and drop $60 MAX with tip.  That's saying something.I've never had a "fishy" fish and I've been here dozens of times.I hear the lunch specials are great but I'm never in the area on weekdays during that time.The waitresses are always so bubbly and happy.If you order a large Kirin you get a bottle of sake for a buck, PLUS you can pick from a few of their appetizers for only 50 cents.  Seriously?  Yes, seriously.Bring your girl, and your appetite.
5	Wow!! What a great place! Sushi in the desert is a touchy thing, what with the cactus spines and dirt, but Sakana kicks ass!!  The fish is some of the freshest I have had anywhere, in any state. The portions are larger than I would have expected for the price AND happy hour is an even better deal. For every beer you order, you get a very discounted appetizer. The chefs are very friendly and enjoy giving advice. I cannot eat shrimp or lobster or crayfish and the chefs were more than happy to substitute fish that complemented the roll. Actually, all these good reviews will make Sakana busier......  So, Sakana sucks!!!!!!  Don't go!!   ;)
4	Been to Sakana about a dozen times now and prepared to review.Strengths are service/staff, price, value/portions.  Opportunities are design and creativity of rolls; dont accept Discover Card.Personally, I prefer Sakana for lunch.  They are always friendly, fast, and portion sizes are excellent.  I am not a big fan of the rolls here.  A bit too large to handle and many are based on a basic california roll with some variations.  My preference is the sashimi.  Try the sashimi deluxe platter for lunch - white tuna (yum).  The portions are giant and tasty.  And comes with soup and salad.  Outstanding.  Partner it with an iced green tea and I am more than happy.  Also, many excellent dishes available at lunch and are reasonably priced.What brings me back is the consistently pleasant staff.  I have sat at nearly every table and the sushi bar - everyone is friendly and helpful.  Thank you for that!
3	Hmm...this place has a good lunch happy hour, but the choices in the menu are kindof limited.  The food isn't bad, but it's not amazing.  So, three stars for being average i guess?I do come back every so often so I guess it's a plus.
3	I was a loyal Sakana fan for years up until the birth of my sone.  Going out for sushi is not so convenient with a lil one. So after a 3 year hiatus, my husband and I opted for Sakana on date night.  Would it be all that we remembered? Disappointed to say that it wasn't. We sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were not as personable as they were in the past - very little banter or recommendations. The saving grace was the scallop dynamite - the best I have had in the Valley and the oranges for dessert. Gosh how I missed those.  I accept that maybe a 3 year break might have built up my expectations.
4	I am a die hard sushi fan... we frequent a variety of sushi restaurants in the valley and sakana seems to be our staple.  Consistent and fresh.  The restaurant is modern and clean.  the sushi and sashimi portions are generous and reasonably priced.  the baked mussels and fried calamari are a 'must order' .   their calamari is tender and lightly panko fried accompanied with thinly sliced fried jalapenos with highlight the flavor of the calamari and wasabi dipping sauce.  Lunch specials are substantial and a true value.  Service is hit or miss, but I have always been happy with the food quality.
1	Parents, bro, hubby, and myself decided to stop by for lunch one day.  2 of us ordered the sushi special,  the other 2 ordered Katsu (1 chicken and 1 pork), and 1 order the fried fish special.  The sushi was as ok - for $10, it included 5 large pcs of sushi, a california roll, and crab tempura.  The real treat was the katsu - it was crunchy, tasty, and not greasy.  It was delish.  The fried fish special was eh.  The real disappointment, was when we got our check, they added an automatic 18%.  I didn't see this posted on their menu and there were no signs anywhere.  Typically, I see this on the dinner menu for a certain size party.  I'm not a cheap tipper, but this automatic gratuity completely turned me off.  It is not fair, and I didn't want to raise a scene, so we just paid and left.
4	Best Sushi Lunch in Town in my opinion!  Reasonably Priced for the quantity and quality you receive.Don't appreciate that they don't accept discover as that is my card of choice!
5	Great dinner with friends.  Michael and I enjoyed the Blue Moon special, blue fin tuna fresh that morning from Spain.  The most delicious roll Michael and I ever tasted!
5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" is pretty much true when you live on the Westside because all there is to eat are chain restaurants and fast food. Living here is like living in Pleasantville, where everything is always the same and everything is tame. If you really know your fish, this is the place to get some of the best and most generous portions of sashimi possible. I've been to sushi places around the valley and no one cuts their sashimi as thick or has the nice fatty/fish marbling as Sakana does. If you're someone who just eats the more general types of sushi rolls like California rolls or something with just imitation krab and japanese mayo, you're not going to be impressed because you'll probably compare it some other restaurant who made a better krab mix. If you're someone who is more exotic and is willing to come to a sushi restaurant to eat REAL seafood like squid, roe, sashimi, eel, scallop, or soft shell crab and eat it with as minimal soy sauce and wasabi so you can taste each item as it is before it's doused in seasonings that mask it's real potential, then you will be impressed. TIP: Go after 7:30. The place is packed, small, and you'll end up waiting for an hour in their non-existent waiting area/small bench if you go any earlier.
5	Goddam I love this place. I came for a special night with my special lady (Wifey) and had my best experience yet. I usually sit in the restaurant but NO MORE. Its teh sushi bar for me. It was, hands down, the best sushi experience of my life.So fresh. Such great recommends from the Oscar, the head sushi master.Tips from Oscar - 1. If you order your sushi of sashimi "toro" they don't charge extra but it is extra good. It is the fatty belly of the fish instead of teh "sides". Fish fat is supposed to be good for you so eat up.2. Order a Kirin and get an saki for a buck3. Order a Kirin and get an appetizer for a buck4. And this is why I usually don't sit at the sushi bar... I like to tip well but always feel that when I'm at the "bar" that the sushi guy deserves the bult of the tip but I still don't want to short the waitress. I gave the waitress $15 because my check came to $75 (we ate a drank a LOT) and I also gave Oscar $5, but really the situation should be reversed since Oscar took my order and did everything but bring the drinks. He thanked me for asking and advised that they SHARE the tips. PHEW! I feel so much better!I'll be back asap.
3	Another Sakana!This is my 3rd visit to Sakana and my first to this one.  Sakana is a fine sushi chain in the valley and sometimes you have to pick and choose the ones you go to. At this one, I ordered the special Blue Moon and boy the slab of Tuna on the rolls look delicious; and it was - Yum! Also, it's Sakana's order a drink and appetizers are $1 Yah!  I wasn't too impressed with the Tootsie Roll, but I can't complain.  It is what it is.  Service here was great! The ambience, well like most the Sakana's around town it's pretty similar to each other.  Nothing to pazazz and it almost has the sporty bar feel minus the full bar replaced with a Sushi bar.  Come in and enjoy a few bombers and have some sushi what the hey right? - Enjoy!
4	Decent made sushi and LARGE portions. I was actually taken back about how large the portions are. I go to lunch with pretty much the same person - and usually order 2 rolls each, tempura, and miso. The waitress mentioned that it would be alot of food - and would rec taking one off the rolls off the order. We did, and were we thankful!Minus one star for the fried roll we ordered - I forgot the name. But you could tell it was fried in "old" oil. Just had that taste to it.The wait staff was very friendly - and when they closed at 2pm (yes they close, and then reopen for dinner) - they allowed us to stay and continue our meeting. I will be back - and will try again.
5	Great sushi, great prices. I especially like to go for the lunch specials but I'd go to Sakana for breakfast if they were open!
5	I have been coming here for years for their lunch special, which I don't think, anyone could ever beat. For ten dollars you get 4 or 5 pieces of  nigiri; salmon, tuna, white fish, shrimp, and a full set of California roll with a squid tempura stick.At night it is a great place and fun. If you sit at the sushi bar the chefs could easily do stand up at the Improv. Always fresh never had a ok meal, always great. Severs are beautiful inside and out. Always on top of getting you whatever you need, they stand out front and before you think you need to find one to ask for something  their  at your table already.Portions are always very generous and great prices.
3	Service was fast and friendly. Sakana's Sushi just didn't have the flavor and texture I am used to  at other favorite establishments. Very reasonable price , good service in a relaxed atmosphere. for the money and some very good sushi you can't go wrong.
3	The sushi is crazy large here. Each piece is maybe three times bigger than it should be. My reason for downing them a star is only because the sushi wasn't made as carefully as I thought I remembered it and not because of the large size that you can't eat properly. I do note all the fish seemed fresh with a possible exception of the mackerel that they smoked. Each piece I had fell apart while at some point before I ate them so I couldn't enjoy them so much. I noticed they didn't put that little bit of wasabi sauce under the fish like they used to that made them tastier. Maybe someone new at making sushi was on and I got the trainee guy? They had three sushi chefs on.I almost couldn't down them a star because the salmon collar special was truly incredibly great. It was so succulent and fresh tasting and delicious but since this is a sushi place I need to judge them on the sushi.And we didn't get the great little orange for dessert that we always received before.I'll still come back it's OK but not the best.
5	This sushi restaurant is the basis for what I compare all sushi on the "West side" to. Sakana and I have shared a long term relationship for about a decade now since it first opened, and even though I've moved to several places, and even out of state, I always come back to this place. The rolls are a hefty size and the nigiri is bigger than your average sushi fare but size is just a perk. The spicy mix in spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy scallop, spicy... Well you get the picture... It's all just perfect! Well at least the flavor is. The spicy doesn't quite burn as other sushi restaurants' strive for in spicy. You'd have to order one of the specialty rolls that has jalepeno in it if you truly want that extra sharp "bite."Spicy baked scallop dynamite. If you truly want something rich, look no further. This dish will conquer that hunger! You should also share this one, especially if you're ordering other rolls. Since most rolls include a type of California roll mixed in somehow, you don't need to order as many rolls as you do at other sushi places. You will be sufficiently stuffed! Usually the best time to hit this place up is lunch time since dinner is always packed. You always have to get here right when it opens or get here around 8 or later to get a table. That's why we often get take out!
4	I love their sushi! But I would NEVER Order there baked scallop roll it was almost unedible.That is the only thing I do not like on the menu so far. I Love their spicy tuna.Their portions are great, you actually get to enjoy the flavor of the fish rather than cucumber or just rice. They are also pretty quick. I really. Enjoy coming here.The only other thing I have a problem with is the waitresses particularly one. She made a big ordeal about splitting out check saying " I don't know what you ordered I dot know what you ate! You write it down. She hovers over all other servers tables too. I've never had a server but her, but I wonder if this is common.I come back to sakana because they are the only sushi in glendale that I have found and actually enjoyed. I'm full off of one roll and it tastes great :)
4	Pleasantly surprised here to say the least.  My local classmates brought me here since it was near our campus and when I saw sushi in a strip mall in the middle of the Arizona desert, I was skeptical.  But this place was the real deal on the inside and beyond offering standard fare, presented a number of interesting specials that really got my attention.  Lobster and Miso soup, soft-shell crab, spicy tuna handrolls and real, fresh wasabi made this place stand out.  I would go so far as to call it a sushi oasis in the desert!
4	Setting:  I took my wife out on a Friday night date looking for great sushi and delicious appetizers.Ambiance:  You are welcomed with a strong and friendly greeting by the waiters and sushi chefs.  We were quickly seated in a table for 2.  The sushi bar has a flatscreen tv that looks excellent if the place was packed or to enjoy a bite with friends.  The waitresses seemed to know plenty of repeat customers and were extremely friendly.Food/Menu:  They have their special rolls of the day, special appetizers, and plenty of nigiri.  We ordered the ginger calamari that was sauteed, lobster miso soup, and 2 orders of the half shells of oysters for appetizers.  We then checked off a rainbow roll and california roll topped off with spicy tuna.Ginger Calamari - flavorful with some vegetables, cooked just right, not too chewy.Lobster Miso Soup - somewhat disappointed, 2 lobster tails filled with only little vegetables, and little flavor.Oysters - the citrus sauce added a great flavor, decent sized oysters, but definitely had better fresh taste living in California.Sushi - definitely agree with the majority of yelp reviewers with the hefty size of sushi, presentation well detailed, lots of good color and taste, better than average sushi.Service:  Our waitress did a good job filling us up with water and switching out food from our table (the table for 2 was very small, and difficult to fit all the food we had).  No complaints from her.Overall:  Besides the lobster miso soup, everything was delicious and we will definitely be back again for sushi!  Atmosphere is very casual and excellent for a date night.  The service is very welcoming and we enjoyed our night.  We will see you again Sakana!
4	Awesome fresh sushi (rainbow roll, yum!).  Friendly clean atmosphere.  Delicious iced tea.  Good value for price.  Great happy hour specials.  Love the little orange boats at the end of the meal.  They need some kid options is the only thing I'd change.  YUM!!!
5	BEST Sushi ever! The price is reasonable, especially their happy hour!The sushi is fresh and they have the BEST mackerel i could ever ask for.I am definitely a regular there. Love it and highly recommend to any sushi lovers!
2	I don't know if I came on an off night or if this place has declined in quality on preparation of sushi because I have had better here in the past. The last time I was here I thought the sushi was also a little less good than the time before that but this time it seemed even less good.We started with a boat of tuna, salmon and yellow tail sushi. All the sushi was extremely large and hard too hard to eat whole as you should. I had to cut them in half with my chopstick. I also noticed that the yellow tail and the salmon weren't seasoned under the fish again but the tuna did have something under the the fish something that looked like ponzu.  The salmon one was good and fresh and was the highlight of the evening, also the rice was better than last time and didn't fall apart. I didn't try the tuna but I did try just half of the yellow tail and this was the first yellow tail I've ever had anywhere that I didn't like. The fish was very thick and instead of yummy sushi it just tasted like raw fish that had an unpleasant connective tissue threw the meat of the fish making it chewy and not good in the mouth. I do note that even the slightly dried out yellow tail sushi from a nearby budget buffet (with health code violations) puts out better tasting yellow tail sushi. So I didn't want my other half and my husband agreed with me and said it wasn't so good.We also had two orders of rolls and picked the spicy tuna and the spicy salmon. They were a choking hazard to eat as large as they were. The sushi also wasn't rolled so nice and seemed less well rolled than from budget buffet sushi place. I did try one as is (the smallest on the end) and I didn't know if I could hold it all in my mouth and felt like a chipmunk trying to eat it. I could only eat them if I cut them in half and they really weren't so tasty. I had very tasty spicy tuna from one of the participants at the devoured culinary festival earlier in the day so I do know what tasty yummy spicy tuna should taste like and this sure wasn't it.Sadly service wasn't so great. The people who came in after us received four rounds of plates before we received our first plate. Plenty of people checked on us but it didn't seem sincere but just quick and going threw the motions. The check was dropped off and they FORGOT AGAIN to give us that yummy orange that they gave everyone else. In the past I did enjoy the fish collar specials  from here and the fish stir fry was good here but the sushi has gone down too much for me and there are many other sushi places in this area so I say SAYOUNARA to Sakana for sushi for sure.
3	I need to update my review on Sakana and make it complimentary since Jun the manager contacted me and thanked me for my feedback  and promised to make things better. ( also offered me a gift card that I will not take at this time because I need time away)  and is making it important to do things better. That is very big of her as she didn't have to do that or be so nice. I feel most people who love Sakana don't need a change, I guess I was expecting more.I still do recommend the fish collars , cheeks , or stir Fry's.I will in the future visit again because of location but I can't endorse sushi at this time.
5	Being Japanese, I know what sushi is. I'm not a huge fan of rolls and understand it's westernized for the American palette, but they're not the primary thing I order. The sashimi at Sakana is the best I've had in the valley. This is taking into account Roka Akor and their incredibly inflated prices. Sakana's fish is thick, fresh, and perfectly cut. If you see the specials on their board, try them- they're going to be incredibly fresh. I recommend blue fin toro, grilled seared albacore, and their regular salmon. I don't understand people complaining about their rolls being California based. These are their happy hour rolls. They're targeted for those who don't want to spend much and for those who actually enjoy imitation crab-based rolls. If you're willing to spend a few extra dollars, order the rolls with actual fish in them and you will be happy. You get what you pay for- don't expect to pay $5 for a roll with tuna, salmon, yellowtail, etc. This is the same at any sushi place with "happy hour" menus. Like I said, I personally don't prefer rolls, but there are some REALLY good ones there that I'll sneak a bite off a friend's plate. Blue Moon is really good. I've only been to the Glendale location. Staff is really friendly. In my experience, the weekends are the best days. Sometimes a wait, but never unbearably long. Oscar is an incredible chef. I've heard from so many of my Japanese friends and family that they're surprised that sushi places like this exist in the desert. That's how good it is.
2	I was severely disappointed with my trip to Sakana. I remember coming to this restaurant and it being good quality, however I this trip changed my opinion. While I will say that the wait-staff was nice and the atmosphere was ok, the food quality was below average. I had a selection of nigiri and most of the pieces were dry and had a "fishy" taste to them. Both attributes that I associate with low quality fish. I was disappointed with my visit.
5	This chain is always consistently good.  Service is quick.  I hadn't been to this location in a while, and the friend I was with said they expanded the restaurant.  That is good because it was packed at lunch time there, on a Wednesday!The food was great. I checked in on an app and got free soybeans.  Service was good.  Drinks could have been refilled a little more often, but not a big deal.Atmosphere was nice.  They always say hello when you enter and when you leave.
4	Almost always prompt, polite, service.  The prices are beyond reasonable, and the quality has never lacked.  I would recommend anyone (who does not want SUPER traditional decor and feel) try this restaurant.
3	All I had at this place was the miso soup, 4 pieces of salmon sushi and a salmon skin hand roll.The salmon sushi was super yummy tasting and fresh despite the fact that we are in a desert - hehe.the salmon skin hand roll is made differently than I'm use to - they used Avocado instead of the pickled carrot (which i love) However I also really like the way they made it too...and the fact that it was dripping with oil or greasy - cause most of the time salmon skin (since it's fried to a crisp) is really oily and you end up with a hand full of oil...but not this one. Very good! must get!I was surprised it was happy hour too cause it's Friday at 8!The service was nice - our waitress was nice. We sat at the grill part cause there weren't any other tables that fit 6 people. Wish I could have eaten more but I ate a little of Chinese food before coming here...but judging by what I had, the quality and taste and freshness of the fish is great. bonus is the happy hour prices for it even on a Friday night.
4	The best Sushi in Glendale area.. Make sure that you checkin using YELP and you get the appetizer free !
4	Awesome Happy Hour, super fresh fish. I love the Philly roll and ahi poke salad. Delicious!
5	My Girl loves this place.  Good folks.  I recommend the sushi bar whenever seats are available.  Much more fun...
3	We were looking for a sushi place closer than Saketini, and this place fit the bill. Sushi was all normal and fairly good, the ebi ebi roll and spicy shrimp rolls were excellent.  However, the Boston roll and the Alaskan roll were NASTY- according to the menu, these are california rolls with spicy tuna and spicy salmon on top. What the menu doesn't mention, is that the fish on top is just the chopped up odds and ends held together with some kind of sauce. The fish in those 2 rolls was definitely not very fresh, either- my guess is its the trimmings from the last few days.Overall, ok service(although our waitress did not refill our drinks until we flagged her down), and good food, aside from those 2 rolls.
5	Love this place! Everything is so good - I tried their Roly Poly Roll (I think that's what it was called!) and it was TASTY. The restaurant is clean, nice atmosphere, plays decent music. Everyone is super nice. The servers are very friendly and give free oranges to my girls, which they absolutely love :)
5	Great sushi! The sashimi was awesome. I love that there aren't a ton of options, no need to fool around with silly rolls. This place is for the raw fish lovers. the yellowtail and salmon were amazing. Recommend!!
4	Sakana has such great food. Everyone is so nice and they greet you the second you walk in the door. Try the cucumber salad. Soooo good!
4	We got the free edamame with the Yelp check-in.  They have a lot of inventive rolls.  Sushi was fresh and delicious.  I would definitely return.
3	Had some calamari tempura and a couple sushi rolls. Nothing was bad, but nothing was particularly memorable either. All of the staff was extremely pleasant.
4	Scallops volcano is our fav.!!! It's always loaded & perfection taste!  Cajun Wild fish rolls have good sauce & great combinations.    Hot shake is nice, however the calamari tempura is disappointed this time, very greasy, very little amount. Even tho, we still love their sushi, might not order the calamari again.
5	West Side Gem!! Love Sakana for their bento box lunch.  For a great price of 10.99  you get a whooping portion of delicious Sushi as well as salad and soup.  The fish is fresh and tasty . Nigiri style pieces of Salmon, Tuna and red Snapper and more with several pieces of california roll .   I can't eat all the sushi there is so much.  Service is fast for lunches and they treat you well. You won't regret going her for lunch!
3	i think they recently changed owners/chefs. Everything on the menu is different. They are making rolls more unique. Taste is sub par but I believe it's a tasty option.
3	The best item is their Calamari Salad with peppers.The Sushi is just average at best.  Many rolls or plates are very American - not Japanese Sushi.The service was good and the wait staff very friendly.It is a shame there is not good sushi place in the west side of Phoenix metro.
4	Food: Got two rolls, and some fried calamari. The fish was fresh and the calamari was actually really delicious. My only gripe with the food was that the sushi had way too much rice. I was totally full after one roll. Service: Service was good. Nothing to write home about or to complain aboutPrice: Really good prices. I live in California, and there's no way you could find this quality of sushi for that good a price. I'd go back.
4	This is our new Friday night sushi spot since we moved to this area of town. The fish is always fresh and there some pretty creative dishes. Flaming edamame is a MUST HAVE! The service is awesome and the sushi chefs are a lot of fun if you sit at the bar.
5	Can I just say that I'm never disappointed by this place!  The food is excellent and the service is great.  We try to go during happy hour as dining can be more cost effective that way.  The food was very tasty and arrived at the table quickly.  Everyone is very kind and they make an effort to stop by the table and see how things are going.  I'd have to say, it's my favorite sushi place by far.
5	I absolutely LOVE Sakana! First, I love it because it's close to my house, so I can go here whenever I want. I love their happy hour, the sushi is great and at a great price.The service is great! I've never had a problem with their service, and the owner always walks around and talks to us. I switch off between Tootsie Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, Eel Tempura, Crab Tempura Roll, and also a Cajun White Fish Roll. (Not sure if I got all the names right)Only complaint is that the sushi pieces are always so big, and I always have to stuff my mouth with deliciousness instead of enjoying smaller pieces. LOVE IT!
4	they put immitation krab meat in EVErything! but they are really good about substitutions for gluten free eaters :)
1	I searched Yelp to try find decent Sushi while visiting Phoenix with my family. My wife and I went here after looking at reviews and we were extremely disappointed. Our server was very polite and attentive, but the quality of the sushi was very poor. My wife likes rolls and I prefer Nigiri. We were worried when we got there and he menu showed almost every roll containing "crab mix". This is code for a blend of artificial crab meat and some kind of mayo or similar sauce - aka cheap filler. We crossed our fingers and ordered anyways. First we had appetizers: spring rolls and miso soup. The spring rolls were deep fried, flavorless mush. We ate one if the four. The miso soup was so salty we couldn't finish. The rolls came next and, like the spring rolls, they were mushy and flavorless. So sad. The Nigiri was yellowtail and had a strong fishy taste which, if you've ever had Hamachi, you know its supposed to be a mild flavor with no fishy taste. This is the first time I've ever sent an entire meal back and asked not to pay. We paid for our drinks and left the waitress a nice tip (wasn't her fault) and left. The owner / manager was nice but said he tried our food and thought it was acceptable   (Huh?). Worst part was that we wasted a rare , kid -free date night on this place. I've had sushi from venues ranging from grocery stores to fancy places in Tokyo, and this was hands down the worst attempt at Sushi I've tasted.
1	Gluten free people need Tamari, I understand you have soy sauce but that doesn't help me, come on Sakana, we come here so often, it's 3 dollars.
4	The Salmon is an AMAZING deal, but don't drink the Iced tea.. it's powered!!   yuck..  Otherwise, it was a great experience.. good atmosphere, friendly service, and good food..  I was a little upset about the sliced oranges!!  I know, right!!  Upset about oranges..  it turns out that if you spend enough money, you get a sliced orange for desert, no charge.. but if you spend less than $20 per person, you don't get the oranges!!!  Now who came up with that idea???  Anyway..4 stars, but would have been 5 If not for the iced tea and sliced oranges..
5	My wife and I go here regularly even though we don't live very close to it.  The have great happy hour prices and the service has always been terrific! The sushi is consistent and excellent. Love the wild cajun roll!
5	Oscar the sushi chef is great! Positive attitude, the whole staff for that matter. Favorite rolls are Jackpot, Ahi Ahi Roll and the Bloody Orange! Come early to get a seat at the bar, it's the best seat in the house!
5	This place has really good sushi that is very reasonably priced. Also, they have a decent variety of fish including uni which is usually not that easy to find. The only negative that I have for this place isn't even really a negative. Their sushi is served in really large portions so it's easy to buy more than your going to eat (like I did). Also I don't know if it's busy all the time but I had to wait 45 minutes for a table, but it was worth it.
5	Great sushi lunch and always great service!!!  Check out the specials for Mother's Day ssakana fans!!!
5	Love this place! Amazing happy hour deals and the freshest sushi in town!!! Every time I come it's a mouth watering success! They have sushi options with no rice!! Also, make sure to try the sahara rainbow roll!! So yummy! And daily specials for a variety for the regulars! The only complaint I would have is that they make their rolls a little too big to fit in your mouth in one bite.
4	Great NW valley spot for sushi.  Always friendly and the food is great!
3	I really love the salad from here that comes out before the meal, and the Miso soup is pretty good too. The tempura is light and flaky from here and they don't use too much of the batter on their shrimp or veggies. Too much tempura batter for me is a complete turn-off. The salmon teriyaki from here is good. The sushi is just okay though. This is a great spot for lunch and I'd recommend it for that.
5	The BEST bang for your buck sushi restaurants in Phoenix! The only thing i dont like about this place is the "specials" they set out to sit all day (seriously guys its gross to look at)
1	Went for happy hour. The prices were good but the food was not good. Not real crab. Every roll we had fell apart.  One of the things we ordered came out looking like (and smelling like) a pile of cat food. Rolls were buried under the pile. Service was good.
4	Ok I've been coming here for many years and noticed my 3 star review. Sure lots if rolls have California rolls in them, but it's still good and tasty. Especially on their happy hour menu.  Lots of rolls under $5 and they all taste great.  I love there rainbow rolls as well as the spider and caterpillar rolls. Plus service is always great and we enjoy sitting at their sushi bar.   So I added a star and I will continue to come here for many years!
4	Sat at the sushi bar and was pleasantly surprised. The chef was funny and knew his business. Had some great sashimi and decided to try the Maine lobster roll on special. Was I surprised to see a whole bloody lobster stuffed into that tasty sucker! Great prices for what you get. Worth trying.
4	This place is one of my local favorites! Its nearby and has incredibly fresh sushi. The staff is friendly and service is solid. Always a crowd there and often waiting in the tiny place. I suggest you go off-peak. The special happy hour rolls aren't for the serious sushi eater as they have alot of the artificial crabmeat in them. The sashimi and rainbow roll are my favorite. I'm a bar kinda guy so eating at the sushi bar is what I recommend. They have a nice special.. if you order a Kirin Ishiban you get an appetizer for 99 cents.
5	great food. extremely fresh. friendly staff.if u like sushi, u should drive down for a bite.
3	We had spring rolls, a vegas roll, and a dynamite roll. They were all right, nothing too memorable. It was lunch time and it was busy when we got there. But after about 20 minutes, it wasn't too crowded anymore. Our server came to the table twice the whole time, once to take our order and once to give us our food. It took her 25 minutes to realize that we needed our check when we were done. Service wasn't that good and food was average. I probably won't be trying this place again.
3	I came here about 5 times already.There sakana lunch special is a STEAL. It's decent tasting and I get full off of it. You get several pieces of rolls with raw fish, 2 tempuras, a big roll, salad, and soup. It's wonderful, just wonderful.The raw fish here is a little different. It's decent quality and fresh... but the flavor is different (not a bad or good thing). It has a smoky flavor to it even though it is raw.The first time I came, I tried their cucumber roll and it is really refreshing.I still prefer to go to Sushi Catcher, however.
5	Ate here last night on the recommendation from a friend and the solid yelp reviews that I saw for their happy hour and specials Sun-Thurs.The simple answer is that this place DID NOT disappoint.  We were greeted at the door and felt welcome from the hostess, waitress, sushi chefs and even both of the owners all in the first 5-10 minutes.  We explained to them that this was our first time and we asked what they recommend.  They told us about the buy a Kirin beer and get a discounted appetizer so of course we did that (twice).   We tried the crunch scallops and the jalapeno boat and both were delicious.For sushi, we went with the scallop dynamite, spicy tuna and a las vegas roll.  My gf is trying to avoid carbs as much as possible so we asked for no rice on the spicy tuna.  The sushi chef didn't blink an eye and made the roll with no rice and it was delicious.  He explained that he had no problem making any roll without rice as long as it wasn't a specialty roll where he needed the rice for the toppings.The manager checked on us multiple times and even offered my gf a sample of a new wine that they had just added to their menu.   With 3 drinks, 2 appetizers and 3 rolls of sushi our bill was only $40 which I considered a very fair value.  I'm sure if you wanted to avoid alcohol and just go for sushi you could eat for two people for under $25.   They had a large selection of rolls on the happy hour menu that ranged from 3.50-5.50 which is awesome.   I didn't get a chance to try any of their specialty rolls but will definitely go that way next time to venture out a little bit now that I know the fish is fresh.Also, another interesting thing that I appreciated was they have 3-4 specials each night and they actually make the special and put it on display at the front and on top of the sushi bar so you can see exactly what you would get if you order it.  I haven't seen that in a long time and it was a welcome sight.Add everything up and this place has taken the top spot on our sushi spots.
4	This restaurant looks pretty much like every other storefront. It's in a parking lot with a grocery store and a Rubio's. Once inside though, it's actually pretty well-decorated and a nice place to have a birthday dinner or a casual date. I went when it was busy but the waitresses were nice enough and I didn't have to wait too long for my food. The only downfall is that the prices are a little steep, but I've learned to just accept this as the new norm for a somewhat casual sushi restaurant in the valley.
5	Excellent lunch ckoices and great prices!
4	They have a good lunch special and happy hour prices. I have never been there for regular menu prices to know what the cost is.
3	Not sure if the sushi master was really in training or if they intended to serve pieces that are too big and loose to eat in one bite. Either way, it was kind of a mess to eat. Positives: large selection on menu, including combination specials with beer. Who couldn't appreciate that?
5	Best sushi in Glendale. The place isn't too big but it's worth the wait if it's packed. I love it and the people aren't mad that they are at work they are happy. Love this place! Way better then Ah-So or Squid Ink. Place is amazing.
4	Always coming out of this place feeling satisfied!! Good service, great selection of menu. Highly recommended.
4	I keep coming back :) Only disappointed that they do not have their frozen oranges after the meal to cleanse your palette!
4	Definitely a fan! The sushi rolls had tons of flavor and TONS of fish. We got the smoke salmon roll and it had TONS of smoke salmon laid on top of the roll. I felt like I got more bang for my buck because there was so much fish in each roll- I didn't care that it was awkward to eat. Three specialty rolls for $35 dollars, good service and it wasn't insanely crowded for a Saturday night which was nice!
5	Love this place!  My boss took me here as I'm new to the area and we both like asian food.  Especially Sushi.  We went for lunch. Seems like alot of business people come here for lunch.  No Complaints, excellent food, very delicious. Spot on good quality sushi.  They even have real Japanese  cooks and staff.  Very friendly and fast service.   Good quality for price and way better than fast food.  No complaints.  I want to bring my wife here for a try sometime.
4	Was introduced to Sakana about 3 months ago or so looking for a good Ramen place near my house. Glad to see AND taste good foods. I usually get the Ramen and don't forget to check in for that free edemame!
2	I love sushi rolls. However I like pieces that I can easily fit in my mouth. The rice was very bland and over cooked. We had one person in our party who does not eat sushi ,he had like 5 options for dinner.We will not go back.
5	My favorite place on the westside! The sushi here is awesome and the proportions are plentiful as well. The service is terrific sometimes when it gets busy its a little slow, but that's is to be expected. The place is nice and clean, but inside is a little dim. That Shouldn't matter though the place is bombbbbbb.
