5	Arizona Exotic Bird Rescue, Inc  is dedicated to the rescue, rehabilitation, rehoming, and retirement of exotic birds.Not  much is said about the plight of abused and/or homeless  parrots, cockatoos and a variety pack of other birds.  The lucky ones in up under the care of Jan at Arizona Exotic Bird Rescue, Inc.Birds can be fun, lovable entertaining pets.   I know, I have three.  They are also high maintenance, needing far more attention to thrive than the average person  realizes, incredibly destructive and noisy.  When the novelty of a bird wears off, or owners realize their bird is not going to talk, merely squawk, or an owner no longer wishes to accessorize their home or office with a bird, the AZ Bird Rescue comes to well, the rescue.Birds also end up at the the Bird Rescue when owners due to death or illness are no longer able to care for them.Jan also offers volunteer opportunities, adoptions, fostering, bird grooming and boarding and would welcome your donations.
5	This is a wonderful rescue that gives parrots a second chance. It's non-profit rescue. I adopted my parrot from them and have been very pleased with this awesome rescue.
5	A year or so ago, my son decided he wanted to learn about exotic birds.  We homeschool so one of our "teaching tools" is to try to find a place where we can "hands on" learn.  I found  the AZ Exotic Bird Rescue and called them on the phone to see if we could come up and check it out.  I spoke with Curt on the phone and he said, "Please, feel free to come in and check us out and ask questions.  We're more than happy to answer and educate."When we got there we were overwhelmed by the amount of exotic birds in one place.  Curt personally walked us around telling us about the breeds and specifics about certain birds in the rescue.  He patiently answered questions from my little boy.  After a while, Curt had some place he had to be, so he turned us over to Tyler- his second in charge.  Tyler, was as fantastic as Curt.  He went in depth into the stories about the birds in the rescue.  No fantastical made up stories, just honest "here's what happened" information on how the birds ended up in their care.  We learned so much from them.We decided that we wanted to help them out a bit, but due to my disabilities working at the shelter on a volunteer basis wasn't feasible.  What we do is to get produce and newspapers from local businesses and take them up to the shelter when we can.A previous reviewer had nothing but bad things to say about the rescue.  I don't see what that person saw.  The place is always a good temperature and the birds are well cared for.  And $12.00 an hour so does NOT equal $50 grand a year on a 40 hour work week.   And so what if they take a salary?  Should they not get to eat, have a roof over their heads, a vehicle to drive and air conditioning?  These guys work their butts off for this rescue.  They are consumed with care for the birds and don't have time for another job - they DESERVE to get compensated for this passion that has taken over their lives.  The other reviewer doubted what Curt and Tyler and the others do for the birds.   Here's what I see when I'm there (and we are there often to just see the birds, which they don't mind at all):  A very loud noisy frightened bird that will go nuts when someone walks by.  But if it's Curt or Tyler, the bird CALMS DOWN and walks toward them.  These birds know who loves them and who takes care of them.  If these birds were mistreated or ignored, they would NOT get all affectionate with the people who treated them badly.  The birds in the rescue are well cared for to the point that the humans neglect themselves for the sake of the birds.  That's love and that's what this rescue is about.  They truly, TRULY care about the animals in their care.  They go above and beyond for the animals.  They don't let just anyone adopt one of the animals either.  They are strict about who gets to take one of these beautiful creatures home.  Don't just take these reviews as true/false.  Go up there and check it out for yourself.  You will find what I found, a rescue that is completely dedicated to caring for animals who've been mistreated, left alone or given up because they could no longer be cared for by their humans.
5	I just wanted to write an update to my previous review of AZEBR.  This morning, one of my cockatiels (that we adopted from the rescue) decided he didn't want to climb down off the perch to reach his morning scrambled eggs.  So he threw himself down the cage and hurt himself.  There was a couple of tiny drops of blood.  To me it was the end of the world.  My son and I were nearly beside ourselves with worry for our "baby".  As it is right before payday we were short on cash and a trip to the vet would be impossible unless the situation was dire.  So we called the rescue to ask questions.Tyler tried to walk me through everything I needed to do over the phone.  He could sense my growing panic at what I needed to do so he and Curt hopped in the truck and came over.  I live far away from where they were, but they didn't care.  They knew the bird needed help and that I did, too. :)  The showed up, handled the situation (it was very minor) and calmed an anxious mommy and son down and gave us tips  in case this happened in the future.Does this sound like a rescue that doesn't care?  That's after money and ripping people off?  No, it does not.  The guys got NOTHING out of this trip.  I even offered gas money since they had to come so far and they turned it down.  They said that the birds well being is what mattered.They didn't have to come.  In fact, they could have just said to call a vet because they weren't vets.  But they care about their charges - even after they find a forever home.  And because we have a relationship with them, they care about the bird's new family as well.Seriously, you can't find a better place than the AZ Exotic Bird Rescue.  These guys CARE.
5	Not only is this the BEST place to buy quality, fresh bird food, wonderful toys & cages... but it's amazingly low priced (try 40-60% LESS than bird stores & pet shops)!  In addition ALL the proceeds benefit the rescue directly.  The rescue itself is amazing, the quality of care & love shown all the birds is really a testament to the dedication of the staff and volunteers who run the show.  Please go by & check out the wonderful birds (also a great value, come with cages & toys for less than the bird alone would "sell" for in a bird store- so support a Rescue instead) & great deals!Education and help is ALWAYS provided, they do an amazing job supporting the birds the place into loving homes.  They also take in birds to rehome, call ahead to discuss your situation if you cannot keep a bird or have lost a family member with a bird, etc.  I've adopted two of my babies from them & they are awesome birds!
5	I found AZ Exotic Bird Rescue through an internet search. I have been rescuing and rehabilitating birds for over 20 years. I recently rescued one from a bad situation and after 5 months, I realized my own bird was developing behavioral issues due to the rescue needing more attention. It was a tough decision but I knew the rescue needed to find another home. I called the Exotic Bird Rescue and they agreed to help me out with finding this birdie a new home. I was very impressed when I came into the building and met with Mandy and Curt. They made me feel so comfortable with the decision I had made to bring the bird in. I've since been back to the rescue several times and met with Tyler and some of the volunteers. The facility is very well put together and its a comforting feeling to know that the birds are well cared for by the staff and volunteers. I would definitely recommend The Az. Exotic Bird Rescue.
5	My wife and I adopted our two Amazon parrots from Arizona Exotic Bird Rescue. We couldn't be happier with our experience. Tyler and Curt are extremely knowledgeable and take excellent care of the birds. Tyler and Curt also do an excellent job of continuing to support the birds even after adoption. We have used them as a resource on behavioral questions and we bring our birds back to the rescue for beak and nail trims. My hat is off to them for the wonderful care that Az Bird Rescue provides to birds in need.
5	They have an excellent crew and they take good care of the birds...
5	I have adopted several birds from AZ Exotic Bird Rescue, I purchase all my toys there and I purchase my bird food from them.  I have worked with AZEBR for years.  They have a wealth of knowledge and could not be more helpful.  Curt and Tyler could not take better care of their birds and they are so helpful and kind to work with.  I would encourage anyone looking for a bird or bird toys and food to go see them.  The food is fresh and the prices are as good as going directly to the people who supply to most of phoenix (I wont mention the name but I have shopped both places).  The rescue is clean, they take every precaution be sure the birds we adopt are happy and healthy.  I cannot say enough good about these guys.  I am shocked to see a bad review and would have to chalk that up to a person having a bad day.  They are the best. I am a customer for life.
5	After visiting other stores that sell bird supplies, I absolutely LOVE this store.  Their pricing is great!  They don't try to price gouge their customers because it's a specialty pet (bird) shop; and, it's a bird rescue!  What more could you ask for.   :)If you don't have birds, it's fun to visit and spend some time loving on the rescues that are housed there while they are waiting for their forever home.  Who knows, maybe you'll be moved and want to take a feathered friend home or, at the very least leave a donation to help keep Mandy and those who work and or volunteer there up and running.
1	I am beginning to think some of the birds there "need" rescuing.   They recently received 30 or so parakeets from a hoarder & one was so bad, it did not have many feathers on her body and was caged in a tiny, tiny cage with another - which had no beak to peck the poor girl.   I felt bad & went & bought a brand new bigger cage for the 2 so they would have more room & be more comfortable.  I did not want anyother birds in this cage.  Well I came back the next day to check on her & sure enough!  another parakeet was in there - pecking on her!   She did not look like the still playful girl of yesterday.  I was so mad.  The stupid woman there promised she would not put any other parakeet in there.  She also told me today she has seen no pecking...  well within 5 minutes of me being there today, the featherless bird got pecked twice!  and was just sitting there.  OMG    what kind of people are running this place.  They are suppose to zoom in & be kind to these abused birds & they are idiots!     This is not the first complaint I've heard about this woman working there.
5	A really wonderful place. It was my first trip there but not my last. All of the birds looked healthy, well fed, and relatively  happy (considering some were rescued from horrible situations.) Yes, there are some birds with plucking problems and other behavioral issues. But this is not a pet store but an actual rescue. I have my eye on a sulfur crested cockatoo they have there to become one of my flock. I have several birds myself. As far as the store prices were great, lower than a corporate stores and I am very happy that the profits go back into helping the birds in the rescue. I give AZ Exotic Bird Rescue two thumbs way up! I am also going to volunteer my time there to help out.
