5	This donut shop has it all! The donuts are top notch and there are so many different ones to choose from! The smoothies are perfect, and all natural! Also the boba teas are made to perfection! There's also ham and cheese croissants that are beyond awesome!  I definitely recommend this to anyone who loves a good donut with a boba tea!
5	The owner and his son stopped at my workplace with a box of samples earlier this week, along with a flier advertising 30% on May 30th...the samples were delicious, so I figured, what the heck?  I'm so glad I decided to go!  The store smells amazing even as you are walking up.  We were greeted kindly and offered samples.  We ended up walking out with a half dozen, very reasonably priced.  These doughnuts are the absolute best I have had since I moved away from my hometown bakery 7 years ago.  Soft, incredibly flavorful, and so obviously made fresh and with care.  The lemon filling was lovely, sweet and zippy with actual zest in it; the blueberry filling had actual blueberries.  The apple fritter was delicious--the ones from the grocery store never seem to have quite enough cinnamon for my taste, but these were perfect.  They even have my favorite cinnamon-sugar cake doughnuts, that taste exactly like the ones I grew up getting from my small-town orchard bakery.This place is a great addition to the neighborhood, and you can bet I'll be back for more!
5	The donuts here are fantastic.  Some of the best I've ever had.  On my first trip I got something that looked like a giant bear claw, but was filled with some cinnamon gooey stuff and apples.  It was divine.  We've also sampled the glaze, chocolate covered, cake, sugar.  All great.
5	Good, old fashioned donuts. Family owned. Simply yummy  better than the Winchels where I grew up . I can't say enough good things about these donuts.
2	Wow the cashier must have been 10 maybe 11 years old! I understand family owned business, when it comes to my money I would like an adult at the register. Upsets me when someone just hands you back a handful of money and doesn't know how to count it back!  Customer service 101 is smile thank the customer for the business and count your change back! furthermore I Arrived at 10 o'clock and are pretty much out of donuts!  Don't know if there be second chance for this establishment
5	Was in the area and I just had to try their boba milk tea! They have many varies of milk tea including thai tea! I had the regular boba milk tea and it was absolutely awesome!!! I also grab some donuts while I was in, and they are amazingly good! The owner was so kind to even just give me a free sample of their donut holes (7 pieces) for free. They were so kind and present manners including their kids! I will have to stop by again if I come back to mesa! I recommend this place to all donut lovers!
5	Super fresh and super friendly family business. We had the peach black tea and taro tea, and several different donuts. Was a real treat!
5	Stopped in on Fourth of July to try out the new donut shop near me. I am easily going to return here and this will be my new stop for donuts. They are million times better than Dunkin' Donuts.
5	Just one more obsession to have!  Dutch Donut Factory is a wonderful unexpected surprised tucked away in NE Mesa.  I stopped in out of curiosity.  What a wonderful place for a not so ordinary treat.  The donuts were amazing and Thai tea with boba in MESA?  I am hooked.  It is small with a little charm.  I hope they do great and cannot imagine why they won't! Check it out! (only thing I would change is the curtain thing going in the back, out of place!)
5	They are super clean, friendly, and who doesn't like a good doughnut?  They also have iced coffee, tea's, and other beverage's to compliment their WARM and FRESH doughnuts!  Oh, price was very reasonable as well!
5	Went in at noon to get a treat with the kids. The place smelled amazing when you walked in and they still had a great selection of doughnuts left. We bought a bakers dozen (for only $10!!) and devoured one each before we left. My kids all declared it better than the old doughnut store (Bosas) and that anytime we buy doughnuts we must come back here. I are a chocolate long john that still tasted fresh and was perfect in my opinion. Now to resist eating the remaining doughnuts before dinner time...
5	This place has the best donuts I've ever had, and I've tried a lot of donuts!
5	Wow most delicious donuts I have ever tasted! I recommend the Buttermilk or simple twisted glaze. Any donut you decide on you can't go wrong. If you like Bosa Donuts you will LOVE Dutch Donut Factory!
4	Pretty good donut place. The reason it gets 4 stars is because the toasted coconut cream filled donut is really amazing....one of the best donuts ever and I have never seen it at another donut shop.
5	This place is pretty small, but they have a lot of donut choices. They also sell boba (Asian drink). The place is cozy. My kids loves it. I'm not a big donut fan but they got good flavors. Definitely coming here next time.Good customer service.
5	Extremely extremely delicious and WELL worth the drive from ANYWHERE!!!! I LOVE donuts and have tried many many different donut shops and have very rarely comes across any great donuts. This place WAY exceeded my expectations with the phenomenal taste of the donuts! I bought the Bear Claw and I wanted more! The Apple Fritter was the best fritter that I've had in YEARS as well! The jelly filled were also amazing! I'm visiting from Texas and I'm going to be sad when I no longer have access to this donut shop. If you love donuts, then you NEED to try this place out!
4	Service was great and the owners are nice. We got 6 donuts consisting of maple bars, the apple crumble, jelly, and glazed. They were reasonably priced and pretty good. I have them four stars because they are good, but not as good as Bosa. I would rank them also slightly worse than Krispy kremes
3	Ok, I've been here 3 times. I really like this donut shop. The people are very friendly and it's close to my house. The smoothies are good. I just really really want to give it 5 stars but I can't. The 1st time I went the donuts were really good and fresh. The  2nd time I went the Donuts were the worst I have ever had. (That really is saying a lot) At least a day old with a layer of grease on the bottom. It was something I have never experienced in a donut. I could actually separate the the top of my chocolate bar from the bottom. Like peel it apart. I went a 3rd time hoping it was a really off day and the donuts were not as bad as the 2nd time, but they still weren't fresh. For sure made at least the night before. I went before 8:00am all 3 times. I will be back because it's close and I have hope but the donuts need to be made that morning like Bosa's or Good Donuts. I will absolutely change this review If the next time I go the donuts are fresh. If your not a donut snob like me you should be fine. Kids can't tell the difference. You should for sure try this place.
5	Life is too short to eat bad doughnuts. I have eaten A LOT of doughnuts -- at least a dozen a week when I was in college -- and I tell you these are excellent!Apple fritters? Check: just the right size and not greasy.Old fashioned (no glaze)? Check: perfect for dunking in coffee.Blueberry cake? Yes: looks like they use real blueberries and not a mix... Donuts are pinkish rather than the artificial purple at most shops.Buttermilk? Nice: good buttermilk flavor.Toasted coconut filled with coconut cream ... Never had that before, but it was very good, too.All of the doughnuts we got were very fresh and the service was friendly and fast.I'll definitely be back!
5	This place is awesome! The atmosphere is bright and inviting,  the owner is very nice and friendly and the donuts are amazing! And just found out they selling hot breakfast sandwiches and pizza by the slice!
4	Their blended mocha boba was really good and they even gave samples of donuts out while we waited!  Will definitely be back!
5	Fantastic!!!  $10 for a "baker's dozen" of the best donuts we've ever had!!!  It's so nice when a friendly little mom and pop shop puts out such a great products.  We will be back again and again!
