2	Um, I am not an exotic dancer so I don't have a use for the clothes on offer here. I don't think "lingerie" is the right word to describe this shop as you might go looking for some nice new underwear here and get a surprise.For some reason my friend wanted to go in here. I am a little worried that she has a secret career as an exotic dancer after our trip to this store, but that is a story for another day. It basically sells all the clothes a stripper would need to complete her day to day business. I had often wondered where people bought those sorts of clothes, turns out this little shop next to Laserquest and a running shop is where. They sell a range of 'outfits' e.g. school girl, nurses uniform, army uniform but obviously in a more scantily clad way. They do those massive clear, plastic shoes which intrigue me. In my opinion, the clothes aren't particularly sexy or attractive, more cheap and tacky but whatever floats your boat. Plus the name "G Spot" gives me the boke.
2	With a name like G-Spot, you know what to expect. It's bloody brazen calling your business this, and tacky-comical walking by in broad daylight and double taking at the PVC devil costumes hanging in the window.This shop specialises in appeasing adult sexual fantasies, although how some guys can get turned on by girls hobbling about in creaking leather I'll never know. Leather clothing is rarely sexy (unless it's a biker jacket) because people can't walk in it. It's too restricting. Sorry to burst your bubble, but it ain't as easy to take off as they have you believe in porn!There's some tacky lingerie covered in diamantes that looks pretty cheap, but it's actually expensive. Because of the plastic nurse outfits and the charm necklaces baring the word "SEXY" in aggressive type, the corsets looked surprisingly attractive. It's a small shop and the corsets are set to the front so you don't have to wade through sleaze to look for something slightly more tasteful.For a shop exploiting and brandishing sex items, the red light isn't glaring out of it. There were some lovely burlesque high heels in here that you also find in gothic shops so it's not all sleazy. But it is most definitely tacky. Some people might get turned on by "SEXY" necklaces, but my g-spot wasn't impressed.
4	If there's one thing Edinburgh lacks, it's places where one can purchase a reasonably priced, well made gimp suit. Thankfully, G Spot is here to provide the city's sexual peverts and part-time prostitutes with all the filthy wares required to live out their sordid fantasies.As a traditionally British, stiff upper lip old prude, I don't really get kicks out of asphyxiating myself, dressing up as a nun, or slamming my clackers repeatedly in the fridge door, so I don't quite fit with G Spot's target market. If deviant behaviour is your thing though, I expect you'll have a field day in here.
2	Oh my lord. I can't so much as go into a lingerie shop without getting a fit of the giggles so when I walked past G-Spot the other day you can imagine my reaction. I don't like to think of myself as a prude but I am, a complete and utter giggly girl when it comes to this kind of stuff.Living in Glasgow my whole life I've never seen any shops like G-Spot so I can only assume that our neighbours in Edinburgh are a bit more adventurous as there must be a market for this kind of thing  somewhere and it's pretty bold as brass sitting bang in the middle of Dalry Road.If you are in the market for a gimp suit or some PVC then head along if not, then AVERT YOUR EYES!
