1	I went to Carlow as a freshmen left and now I am back as a Junior.  I live off Campus  and take CAP classes which are accelerated classes for adult students.  Con- Carlow forces you to purchase health insurance and the cost of the plan is $5600.00 other wise you have to buy your own health insurance and provide proof that you are insured. I feel like I being fed a load of bullsnit.  I don't think that having health insurance should be mandated by the university that you attend.  I feel as if this is a choice that each student should made for herself. Because of this policy a $5600.00 health insurance policy gets added into your tuition costs.  Driving up the dollars  of loan money you need. That could other wise be going towards your actual education.  The kicker!!! Wait for it.  You then now have to pay interest on health insurance. I am giving Carlow 1 star for cashing in on the FOR PROFIT HEALTH INSURANCE BUSINESS I wonder what kind of kick backs they're getting from Blue cross Blue shield.  Because not every university subscribes to this policy I can say that it's not a Federal nor State Mandate, but a choice that Carlow has made for all of its students. Why not keep the students best interest in mind, instead of getting into bed with Big Health Insurance.
1	The academics are so-so.  The administration is a mess.  Students are held in low regard.
5	I attended Carlow University from 2004-2008.  I absolutely loved this school.  The professors and staff could not be more friendly or helpful.  I graduation with a BA and two teaching certification.  I was able to graduate within 4 years.  The School of Education was wonderful! The location could not be better!  Located in South Oakland, resident students are within walking distance of many restaurants, coffee shops, a grocery store and the University of Pittsburgh. Many bus routs travel through Oakland so getting around is really easy.  I was able to get involved in many clubs on campus.  I attended eductions clubs and social clubs.  I was able to take on leadership roles within these clubs.In addition to clubs, Carlow also provided other opportunities for students to take on leadership role.  Students can tutor other students, co-teach freshman year experience classes, become Resident Advisors in the dorms etc. . .I truly loved my time spent at Carlow.  I would recommend this school to anyone pursuing a teaching degree!
