3	After watching the Southborough development be built for two years, I was so excited to see Noodles & Company open there this week. Sadly, I wasn't wowed by the food. I had the Indonesian peanut saute with chicken, and my boyfriend got the Japanese pan noodles with beef. Both dishes were OK but not amazing. I got a regular size but should have gotten a small. The portions are huge!The place is cute, and there was plenty of seating. You can order a variety of noodle concoctions, including Asian, Mediterranean and American dishes. The staff was very friendly, and since the place just opened yesterday, the managers kept coming to our table to ask how things were. Then they gave us - and everyone else at the restaurant - huge rice krispies treats on the house. I'll definitely go back and try another dish there.
4	This is a fun twist on pasta. I've learned to love pasta in all its various manifestations and cultural backgrounds since going veggie, so I love the idea of a all noodle, all the time restaurant. The decor is cute, and the menu is interestingly diverse. It's new, so the staff is still eager and the management is interested in investigating whether or not the customers are being treated well, which makes for a more pleasant (if service-pesky) experience.
3	I tried Nothing But Noodles a couple of weeks ago and was very impressed, so I decided to try this new addition to Dilworth.  The cashier was extremely helpful as I approached the register to order.  She went over how the restaurant works, how to order, the sizes of the dishes, and suggested the Trio to get a sampling of various menu items if I couldn't decide.  With the Trio, you get soup or salad, a small entree, and a protein.  It sounded good, so I asked for the Trio with Bangkok Curry with chicken and some curry soup to make it a complete Thai meal.  She then informed me that that soup wasn't included, but I could get tomato or chicken noodle.  Hmmm... with curry?  Methinks not.  Too many different sauces and flavors.  I opted for the Caesar salad instead.  I found a hightop table down the narrow part of their L-shaped dining room, pulled out my book, and waited for my meal to be brought out to me.  It was brought in just a few minutes.  I was surprised by the size of each dish.  Yes, I saw the size of the plates when I ordered, but I didn't picture that just a dollop of noodles would be in the 6" dish.  The piece of chicken was bigger than the noodles on which it rested.  I ate the entree along with my spoonful of Caesar salad and was still a bit hungry.  It was lunch, though, and I had already spent $8 (without a drink), so I figured I'd just wait until it cycled through my system and hoped it would fill me more as time passed.   Next time I'd skip the Trio and just get a regular size noodle bowl.  I think you'd get more for your money.  Unfortunately, Noodles & Company didn't measure up noodle for noodle for me.  The size of the entree was a bit disappointing (it's noodles!) and maybe I was spoiled by the modern look and decor of my previous visit to Nothing But Noodles, because Noodles & Company didn't have that same atmosphere.  Add to that the stylings of James Taylor and other easy listening hits from the 70s piping in from the speakers and you've got a restaurant that your parents might enjoy.
4	I just went to this location today (5/27/09) with a couple of friends and I have to say, I was impressed.  The decor was very clean and simple, with artwork from around the world.This was my first time trying Noodles&co so I had no expectations.  The cashier was very friendly and patient as I took my time to go over the menu.  I ended up ordering the Japanese pan noodles with chicken and organic iced tea. and it was SO GOOD.  I ordered the small portion and was disappointed in the small amount of noodles (I know I asked for a small but I still expected a bit more).  It comes with the udon noodles, broccoli, mushrooms (not that many) , asian sprouts and black sesame seeds. (It says that it's recommended to go with beef but I rarely eat that much beef).The organic iced tea (sweetened) was so refreshing. I'm not a fan of the typical southern "sweet tea" so I really enjoyed it.  It wasn't too sweet but didn't leave a bitter taste either.  A great drink  on a warm day.If you dine in, you can opt to have your drink "to-go" (especially if you enjoyed your beverage as much as I did) free of charge.This is a place I definitely recommend and will be frequenting quite heavily.
2	MEH. the food looked like it was slapped on a plate by a disgruntled school cafeteria worker. even worse, everything tasted like it came from a variety box of microwavable hamburger helper packets.japanese pan noodles: slightly above meh (for use of udon noodles). pad thai: meh. mushroom stroganoff: a really, really low meh. i really love noodles, man and was disappointed with my experience here. (also, there was no form of ramen. that's just wrong. wrong!!)
4	I go to this location fairly often as it is close to my office. I usually get Japanese Pan Noodles or Pesto Cavatappi. Both are prepared fresh and quite tasty. The quality of food is much higher than I expected from a fast food, chain pasta restaurant. I am always greeted with a smile and patience as I browse the menu and inevitably order the usual. Also, a small size is plenty for me. It's a tad pricier than I like to spend on a weekday lunch meal...but always worth it. If you decide to try Noodles & Company, make sure you grab a rice crispy treat for dessert. I always take one back to my office...MMM. They are to die for.Extra positive - the restrooms are always spotless.  I love going into a public restroom that smells and looks clean.
5	This is a wonderful jewel of a restaurant. Healthy as you want it to be. Lots of mix and match possible. My two sons, husband and I eat there at least once per week. Tried many items, and the only item we have ordered that we didn't care for the stroganoff. I think the whole grain Tuscan linguine is out of this world, and substitute spinach for the mushrooms to get a bit more green in my diet. The mac and cheese is adored by both sons, and we always add their amazing chicken Parmesan to the top of our noodle meal for protein. Delicious! The service is friendly and they even remember us! I took both of my bosses and they loved it. One likes spicy food and ordered the Indonesian peanut saute'. He enjoyed it and wants to go back next time he's in town.
3	This place is alright, but I prefer Nothing But Noodles by far. The two are very similar (choose a pasta style and add meat if you want), but the selections are more extensive at NBN and they offer more customization options (veggies, etc). The only nice thing about this place is that they offer 2 different dish sizes, which could be nice if you're not terribly hungry- and they also serve soup (though the one my husband ordered wasn't very good). The dish I ordered here wasn't bad, but the quality was noticably lower than a similar dish I order regularly at NBN- I got it with grilled chicken, and the meat was a pressed pre-formed patty.. not terribly good.I probably wouldn't go back, but if I were in the area and starving I may give them another shot.
3	Noodles never blows me away, but it does the trick when called upon :) Usually go with the pasta fresca w/chicken or the Mushroom Stroganoff w/beef (if I worked out that day)...ha. Both are good. The restaurant inside has ample seating, but the best feature is their outdoor sitting area. Nice place in walking distance for the Southend folks looking for a good, fast meal.
4	I don't know why, but I've had a serious crush on Noodles & Co. since my time at UW-Madison. It's always a solid, quick choice that leaves me full and happy. The run down:The employees: Chipper and happy, always service with a smile. They are also really happy to take to-go orders over the phone - and even more impressive, my order has never been anything than what I've requested (and I ask for a handful of substitutions). The food: Fresh, hot and tasty albeit a bit expensive for what ya get. I usually go with the Japanese Pan Noodles. Delish.The environment: It's definitely an eat & exit kinda place...you won't find super comfy chairs here! Yay for Noodles...I'll be back!
3	Noodles... oh how I have gone out of my way for you.  First had you in Minnesota in Jan '04, then took a 150 mile detour to go back.  Driving to Far East San Diego to eat you.  Now driving to South End from University City.  The service here was great, almost too good - almost over the top.  I love the new urbanist-esque integration into a mixed-use (if i remember right) building.  Clean and orderly inside and with outdoor seating.  Serves beer & wine, huge pluses!  The only problem and why you are 3/5 stars right now is that my Pasta Fresca was a huge disappointment.  Very low on spinach, onions, cheese, and tomatoes (almost forgot they were there).  And most egregious of all, the sauce -- primarily balsamic vinegar based -- was so minimal that I felt I was just eating plain pasta.  Not sure what to do at this point.  I've eaten this dish every time I've gone and, while it varies, it is usually on point.  Not sure if it is just this location, or because I got the meal for free since it was my b-day (I know beggars shouldn't be choosers -- but still!).  I'll definitely give it another try, but maybe I'll give up on my long running -- 7 years! -- love affair with the Pasta Fresco.
3	My friend brought me some Noodles & CO for dinner last night (good friend I know!) I had the small Penne Rosa since I am a pasta fanatic. It was pretty good but obviously not the best Italian pasta dish Ive ever had. The penne was a tad too spicy and a bit overcooked. It did have a good flavor overall and the veggies were cooked nicely. I like that it's a non-frozen/fast food in a rush dinner option!  I think I may try some of the Asian noodles next time as she explained those are her favorite and from what Ive read that seems to be the consensus. I will definitely give it another shot!
4	I am definitely not a fan of chains, but Noodles & Co (and Zoe's Kitchen) fill that nice low-priced, reliable food void.  I had tried Nothing but Noodles which was a horrible experience so I was worried about trying Noodles & Co. Much to my delight, Noodles & Co was MUCH better and much friendlier. I have now been here several times because of its convenient location in SouthEnd,  The service has been at 100% over the top friendly/helpful every time. I almost always order off the "asian" third of the menu while the Stud orders off the Italian third.  I actually have to say my fave is the Asian chopped salad with tofu. Yum. I like that you can order anything vegetarian. They also give you the option of a "small" or regular size which is nice. Bottom line: If you want something quick, friendly and won't break the bank, this is your place. If you are seeking to push your culinary horizon, probably not the right place for you. And they have a kickass giant rice krispy treat and cookies!  Tip: make sure to drop your card in the free lunch bowl. Good odds.
3	I wasn't too impressed with their pad thai, it was more meh than anything. But then again, I really wasn't expecting anything authentic from Noodles & Company when it comes to Asian fare. I got the shrimp pad thai and there was some chicken in it--good for me, bad if I was a vegetarian. I dig that they offer two sizes of noodle  bowls to get and you can get protein added into your noodles but it's the same price across the board ($2.25 I believe) but  I would think it would be cheaper for tofu then steak. Super friendly employees with a quick turn around. I ordered my noodles to go, got a soda, sat down for a minute and bam-noodles were ready.
4	I really love to discover a perfect little local restaurant since that seems to be where you find really fresh food and great flavor.  So I was surprised to find Noodles and Co., a national chain restaurant, that is both fresh food and great flavor. Every time I go I have a difficult time decided which menu to order from but I have to say that the Japanese Pan Noodles and the Wisconsin Mac and Cheese are my favorites.  Add the juicy, breaded Parmesan chicken to the mac and cheese and you won't be able to stop eating.The food is delivered straight to your table by the person that cooks the food.  The customer service here is wonderful for a fast food place.  They go beyond what I would expect at a fast food restaurant, coming out to our table to make sure we have what we need and that our food is delish.  A couple of times when we've visited other Noodles and Co. shops the manager comes out to visit with us personally.  They are very kid-friendly and I really appreciate that in a restaurant.  The friendliness of all of the people working here is so consistent as is the food.  I love it.  I can't say enough good about Noodles and Co!
4	I have to give them props for helping me when I need catering done (and they deliver on large orders).  I have eaten here probably 10 times and I like the pad thai (average - needs more spice - notice I did not say I love it).  The Med Salad is good with chicken and the Mac & Cheese is awesome!!  I always get the large bowl.I give them the "A-OK" 3 stars for food and gave them one extra star for their catering - makes my job much easier....Oh, and for lunch, it is a nice change of pace from Qdoba, Panera, McAlisters and such...
4	They have portion sizes made just for me...depending on how I'm feeling, it's nice to select from two sizes: the "eat in moderation" or the "I'm really hungry" portion. The Pad Thai was good and what I expected from a non-Thai food place. The service was very helpful and friendly. Although not a typical table-service place, they bring you your food and offer to get you whatever you need. They have a nice sized patio facing South Blvd, however, you cannot bring alcoholic beverages out there...stay inside to finish your drink! Will return to satisfy my noodle craving.
5	Always good!!
3	Here's a classic example of how different franchises can be.  Noodles and Company used to be my go-to quick meal for their version of Pad Thai, Japanese Pan Noodles, Mac and Cheese or Pasta Fresca (a penne with spinach, red onion, tomato, feta and balsamic sauce) in placed like Kansas City and Denver.  But the chefs at this location are what make it a little less perfect than the other locations. (The Trio, a noodle dish with a protein like shrimp, braised beef, chicken or parm chicken + a salad...my fave! My husband and I frequently got the big square bowls for take-home dinner with friends.)The service is great, no doubt, real friendly and helpful.  The tables get cleared when people are done eating.  This franchise lacks a chef who prepares the dishes properly.  The noodle dishes don't seem to be cooked at a high enough temperature, leaving the noodles a bit limp and pale.  (In turn, barely flavored.)  At other locations, the Pad Thai for example is tossed in a piping hot wok, so the sauce caramelizes a bit around the noodles and the flavor intensifies.  The vegetables here can be spotty.  Sometimes they're properly prepared and firm but not raw...other times, they're downright crunchy, like the red onion has been very undercooked and strong. Please, N&C, properly prepare your dishes so they're mouth watering.  If some Yelpers think this location is good...just wait until you try different locations, or when they switch-up chefs!
4	I came here for Sunday lunch with my roomie back when I lived in the city.  They were running a BOGO special last summer, which led us to try the place.  I'm a huge fan of spicy dishes, so I went for the Indonesian Peanut Saute Noodles with the Thai Curry Soup. The soup was nothing special, just a simple, spicy broth with some fresh veggies thrown into it.  I did enjoy my Indonesian Peanut Saute... I wouldn't exactly classify this meal as authentic Asian by any means, but it tastes great from an Americanized point of view.  The portions here lean on the larger side, so come here hungry!
3	My office just moved to the South End and unfortunately for me not many places serve lunch after 2/2:30 around here, but Noodles does!  Is it the best food I've ever had?  No, but it is decent and consistent and not too hard on the wallet.   The service here is incredibly nice, like the girl almost scared me she was sooo friendly!  So for those days when I eat later than the rest of the population, at least I know I have a decent option just 2 minutes away!
3	A solid place to grab a quick and healthy meal. The menu is broken down into various cuisines be it: American, Asian, Italian and I think there is one more but I am drawing a blank. I generally go with the Japanese Pan Noodles. Which is udon noodles, broccoli, carrots, shiitake mushrooms, I add steak (proteins are an extra charge) with a nice garnish of bean sprouts and black sesame seeds. The "regular" serving is large enough to get me through the afternoon and even make me skip my afternoon snack.The pad thai is also good, a bit sweet so I add some sriracha.  When I went this week they had a new fancy drink machine I had never seen before. It featured a touch screen and you choose what drink you want, I am not going to lie I was confused by this at first. I felt like an older person fighting technology :(
3	The Japanese Pan noodles(udan) are really good.For noodles, though, the prices are higher than you may want. But if you are craving noodles...go for it.
3	It's okay I guess. Nothing fantastic and I would consider it a little pricey for what you get.  The truffle mac and cheese is really good but I'm not sure if you can really mess that up. I do not like there Phad Thai. It lacked flavor. I feel a lot of there dishes lack flavor as they try to appeal to the masses.
3	After hearing some good things, I had to check it out. I ordered the Japanese noodles with shrimp. The shrimp and flavoring was great, but the vegetables were so undercooked, crunchy & cold, and the noodles overlooked, sticky and hard.The service was good though, very sweet girl at the counter.
4	Noodles and Company is a nice place to go if you're unsure what you want to eat. They have a great selection of options. And contrary to the title, you don't have to order noodles. There are a variety of different styles of dishes that are very distinct from one another. They also have great sandwiches, salads and soups. And they have a smaller and larger version of dishes depending upon how hungry you are. And they show you the nutritional information. I like this location too. The staff is friendly, the location is clean and the food gets to you really quickly. The pasta dishes aren't on par with authentic Italian, pad thai is not on par with an authentic Thai restaurant and so on and so on. But the dishes are tasty in their own right and the prices are reasonable too. Definitely a great option if you're hungry.
3	The food was ok. I have been to better noodles & company that did a better job.The mushroom stroganoff was short on meat, and I haven't liked it much since they went away from braised beef.
5	I just love this place the food is fantastic and affordable the penny rosa is amazing with shrimp it's my favorite.
4	You can call ahead for your order. My go-to is the meatless med salad with no olives. So good and the dressing is my favorite.
4	In the area on a cold Monday night and coming down with a cold myself I thought "Hey, there's a noodle soup place near here isn't there?" I figured I'd had Noodles & Co. bookmarked on Yelp long enough and decided to give them a serious try. In fact it was on a suggestion from a friend who frequented their location in Madison, WI.So it was pretty dang close to closing when I stopped in but despite that they were most accommodating. (I'm usually on edge when I dare to go in a place so close to closing.) They complied happily though and even gave me a great recommendation to try out there current special the Thai Hot Pot. It was a cold buster indeed! Perfect amount of spicing and a great combination of ingredients that are standard to an Asian soup dish. Beansprouts, cuts of pork meat, perfectly boiled noodles and some slices of red peppers just to name a few of the ingredients.After I finished that it was like a new world had opened up to me - I could breathe again through both nostrils! On the way out I couldn't help but noticing the huge rice crispy treats laid on top of the counter and of course I took a few home.
4	Like the Bangkok Curry with Tofu, the tomato soup, Pad Thai.  Good location and good quality food.
3	I've been here a few times and for "quick food" joint it isn't so bad! (Especially when option is noodles or Five Guys...)I really like that noodles & co. Has the calorie count clearly labeled on the menu and offer each dish in two sizes. I've ordered both the pasta rosa and Bangkok curry, two of the lower calorie options, and have enjoyed both. Both times I have been here I didn't have to pay for my meal which sways my opinion a bit. I always think these types of places are overpriced for what it is and noodles is no different.The staff at this particular location are extremely friendly and efficient. Both times I have been here for lunch were busy but lines moved and dishes were brought out quickly.I usually do not like chains and would have never gone here on my own if I hadn't been in groups. All things aside, noodles is one of the few lunch chains I will oblige to going to and have yet to have a poor meal.
3	Have you ever eaten somewhere and felt bad about yourself after? That's kind of what this has been like. There are SO many wonderful choices in South End that i feel bad spending $11.oo here.
5	Great fresh food.  The 'small' is plenty big.  The folks that work there are VERY nice and accommodating.
5	The service at this location is outstanding.  At my last visit, both my order and my friend's order were made as a regular size instead of the small size we ordered.  We were not charged extra and the server who brought the food to our table gave us both a doggie box to take it home should we not finish the large size portion.  The space is located in a very affluent and happening area.  Is is very clean inside and the bathrooms are kept spotless.  There is an outside option for seating as well.  The food was very high quality with great presentation.  I was very pleased with the freshness of the ingredients in my chicken sesame salad.  The cucumber slices were sliced to perfection with an excellent crisp texture.  There are lots of things to do in this area so grab some noodles, and explore the amazing things the area has to offer.
4	I thought this place only specialized in Asian dishes.  I was surprised to see American fare on the menu as well.  I ordered a spicy vegetable dish with rice noodles that hit the spot.  This was actually my first time being inside a location.  The staff was absolutely great.  The young gentleman at the register was extremely personable, as was the young lady who actually took my order.The restaurant was clean (as was the men's restroom), they were fully stocked, had everything we needed, and overall provided a positive experience.  I LOVE the fact that more restaurants are keeping us vegan folk in mind, and this one's no exception.  It's not as hard for vegetarians to find food options as it is for us extremists.  Lol.I like this place--definitely going back.
5	Awesome location, clean and the workers are extra pleasant. Good idea to have dinner if you don't eat meat or do. I came in 10min before closing and they offered me the opportunity to sit in and eat. Talk about great customer service
3	Been here twice! Not bad for a quick meal.
