4	I had a busy day at work and skipped lunch so I was starving when I came to Thai Thai.I ordered the Red Panang Curry with pork.  It may be due to the fact that I was starving but the curry tasted awesome.  PROS:  Food tasted great.  Good attentive service.  Good restaurant decor.CONS:  Bit overpriced.  $14.50 for panang curry is more than what I usually pay.  They charge for extra rice.I can't stand places that charge extra for rice.  If you are at a asian restaurant, you should never have to pay for extra rice.  I'm all for restaurants charging you for extra rice if two people want to split one dish, but if a table orders one dish per person, you should get all the rice you want.  This place charges $2 for extra bowl of rice and it's a very small bowl of rice.  I've been at other restaurants that  do the same and it's a rip.I still gave this place 4 stars because of good food and good service.
3	Of the three Thai places I've tried in Scottsdale (this, Malee's on Main and Swaddee Thai), this is easily the best.  I had fried tofu and a yellow curry chicken.  Both were pretty darn good.  Would definitely return.
4	I absolutely love this place but my most memorable time here was with my cousin who decided she had to get plastered after hearing bad news.  So, being the caring family member I am, I opted for the same beverage she ordered--a Long Island Iced Tea.  In my previous experience, a LIIT is usually somewhat drinkable, however, Thai Thai must have only thought a Long Island is made by mixing whatever alcohol you have in whatever quantity of each you feel like.  HORRIBLE TASTING!  But man, was I hammered!!!Anyways, the food is great, can't say much about the actual restaurant inside as I've always dined on the patio.  Contrary to a previous review, I have never been charged for extra rice, but maybe they just liked me? ;) Some of the appetizers are extremely pricey for what you get though, but the rest is pretty normal Scottsdale prices.Bottom Line: Best Thai in Phoenix
5	Friendly, fast service! Beautifully made dishes, indoor/outdoor seating, cool fixtures and massive bar. Very clean, and especially tasty food. Worth checking out!
4	This place WAS fantastic  however it is closed
