5	Dale takes great care of his clients.He is extremely professional and very good at what he does.  You will be totally satisfied with your facial, wax service or body treatment.  I am a return client, Awesome services!!
5	Excellent Brazilian! I admit that I was a bit hesitant about seeing a male aesthetician, but Dale immediately put me at ease and treated me with as much, if not more, professionalism than some females that I have seen for the same service. The appointment was not rushed and the end result is fantastic. I look forward to going back next month.
5	At 28 years old, I thought I'd take the final plunge and get a Brazilian wax for the first time. I found this place through Groupon and am extremely glad that I did! Dale is extremely comfortable to be around. I couldn't have had a better first experience. He kept my focus during the most painful parts which helped quite a lot. There was nice relaxing music playing in the background and a sense of security in the way he carried himself. There was no rush to get me out the door so the job was done right. I couldn't have asked for a better experience and will definitely be going back.
5	I received a 'giftcard' here from my work and scheduled my appointment for an osmosis facial.  I had never had a facial before and I was also nervous about doing something like this with an unfamiliar male. Dale was very professional and made me feel very at ease.  I learned a little bit about why he decided to go into skincare and that he had daughters close to my age. We talked about the other treatments he offers, and how confident he is in the products he uses.  He doesn't believe in using acids and most of his products are organic and from the ocean. I noticed the results from my osmosis facial the next day! Why haven't I done something like this sooner?I will definitely come back. :D
5	I started brazilian waxing year & half ago. Since then I've been to 5 different women. When I found out First Class Skin Care Services & Waxing was a male, needless to say I was reluctant! BUT, he was really good, he didnt rush, & I didn't walk out of there in pain. He took the time to explain somethings to me,  I believe the powder he uses helps with the whole process.  I also appreciate the fact he uses hard wax for the whole area oppose to soft wax for the outter areas.  He did use soft wax very minor,  more so for clean up in couple little areas on outside BUT barely!  My over all experience was great!
5	Wow, what a wonderful experience I had yesterday with Dale. I purchased a full body scrub and I was so impressed with the entire experience. The body scrub and massage was by far the best I have ever had. Dale took his time and was so professional. I will definitely go back and try everyone of his services and refer all my friends and family to this sweet man!
5	I had a groupon for a Brazilian Wax and I was terrified. I didn't know what to expect, esp it being a man. But to my surprise, he was wonderful! Made me feel at ease and very professional. He is legit and he knows what's he doing. Took extra care on certain parts of my body. Esp some ingrown hairs lol. He's not a weirdo! Trust me! He likes what he does and does it very well. Give him a go! You won't be let down!
5	I got a Brazilian with Dale this evening and I couldn't have asked for a better outcome or an esthetician. I was a little worried because I have never had a male wax my "area", but Dale was extremely kind, friendly, professional, and easy to talk to. I have had several brazillians from European Wax Center that can not compare to the service I received tonight. Dale took his time to make sure that I was a happy customer and he was very gentle as well. This is the first time that a brazillian wax didn't bother me at all, and also the first time that not a single hair was missed. It honestly felt like getting my eyebrows waxed! I highly recommend this salon and am now only trusting Dale to wax my "area".  This is a very clean and professional place and I was not forced into buying any products. Dale gave me several tips on how to maintain my service and was simply awesome. He even hugged me on the way out. I don't have anything bad at all to say about this place or Dale. Their prices are hard to beat too! And they have a great referral program. If you refer a friend there you actually get the same service your friend got for free! It's an amazing deal. Go see Dale and you won't be disappointed.
5	This was the best find ever for a few reasons! My background is in luxury hotels and spas, so I've been to and had my share of spa treatments and facilities. At the end of the day there is ONE reason why people go back to the same aesthetician or massage therapist over and over, its SERVICE! Dale is, yes, a male and for those of you with the fear of "I'm too afraid to have a male wax down there", you'd be making a huge mistake. Not all aestheticians are created equal unfortunately. In the past with other providers there have been challenges with pain and scarring when getting waxed. When I leave the studio, I have the best education on after care, products to use, and pain free. Dale's studio offers a wide variety of services, he just so happens to be my go-to-guy for Brazilians. Extremely polished, professional, educated and has a great sense of humor.Dale is someone who is passionate and successful in anything he does.  Recently retired as a pilot, he makes sure his clients have the best of the best, at an affordable price.  You're in great hands with Dale and comes highly recommended!
5	I won't lie I was a little leary of seeing a male for my brazilian wax but after meeting Dale he made all my worries go away. I have been getting brazilian waxing done for aprox. 5 yrs. now and getting waxed by Dale has been my best experince yet. Virtually no pain!!I I would recomend Dale and his services to anyone!!
5	I feel so lucky that I found this place!  I had my very first Brazilian and armpit waxing yesterday by Dale and to merely say that I was impressed is a complete understatement!  As others had mentioned, I too was a little weary about having a male wax my nether regions, but to my very pleasent suprise Dale was an absolute doll.  I would highly recommend Dale to anyone looking for a polite, conciencious, and knowledgeable aesthetician who's biggest goals are to make the customer feel comfortable, relaxed, and satisfied.  I fully intend on coming back in 30 days for next waxing :)
1	I bought a Groupon and called for an appointment and made one that same day. I went in and no one was there. Another guest informed me Dale had gone home early. I didn't receive a call to reschedule or to cancel. When I tried to contact him he didn't offer to reschedule, just said someone was supposed to tell me he had gone home sick. I attempted to reschedule again through online scheduling which no longer had the Brazilian available, I tried texting Dale with no response. This is bad business. How can you ignore a customer or not care enough to set up another appointment. How rude! Would not recommend him for being so unprofessional. I was fortunate to have Groupon refund me. I can't even rate this place without giving it a star and I would prefer to rate it with no stars.
1	horribly unprofessional. An appt was booked for Nov 13 at 2:30 pm. i received a text message the day before confirming, and I confirmed my appointment. However, after I drove 40 minutes to the place, he wasn't there. I waited a bit, tried to contact him many times,  and finally other vendors told me he had gone home sick. He NEVER once returned a text or call. Never apologized, Never attempted to rebook my appointment that HE didn't show up for that day. Horribly unprofessional way to conduct business, I am shocked there are good reviews.
