5	Barb and the gang are great!She's always got some cold beer on tap and something good on the tv!This is a real barbershop!
5	I went in today without an appointment, just looking for a quick haircut. Barb was there to cut my hair and did a great job. She's really great, and the shop is totally comfortable.I just got a haircut, but I think next time I'll get a shave and beard trim too.
3	3 stars is A-OK and that's what I'd rate this shop. Nice neighborhood barber shop. Went in for a shave and a haircut after seeing the reviews and living close by. I came away happy but there is room for improvement.I had an older gentlemen take care of me, I believe his name was Rex, and he was very personable. The haircut came off without a hitch, #1 buzz all over, but the shave was a bit lacking.Honestly I felt like he was a bit rushed during the shave and I didn't come away as smooth as I thought I should. When I get home there was visible stubble and several longer hairs that he'd missed all together. I had to break out my razor and finish up the job he'd started when I got home.I would return for a haircut, clipper cut's aren't tough, but I would hesitate to get a shave from the same gentleman in the future. For $40 for a shave and a haircut I think you should come away smooth as a baby's butt and not look like you have trucker stubble in patches on your face and neck.
5	This place is the bomb. Barb takes her time and makes appointments. If you want a good cut or fade this place is a must!!!!! Staff is always friendly, and you can actually watch t.v. without all the loudness, and profane language like in other shops which is excellent because my kid comes here too!
1	After seeing positive reviews... I went in for a beard trim and a shave. Older gentleman in the middle chair was absolutely horrible. First of all, he cant see properly. Second, he completely misaligned my beard. It was not symmetrical so I had to go home and shave it completely off. The straight edge shave was poor. My face was not smooth at all. I still felt stubble everywhere. Complete waste of $25.
5	Great classic barber shop...  They have a ton of combined experience and do a great job ...
4	someone from another salon said there is no one on this side of town that does flat tops. eat your words.
4	A "hair" pricey, but I enjoy the atmosphere. Friendly old fashion feeling barber. They usually have a game on to watch, cold beer in the keg-erator, and a pretty short wait.
5	The best barber shop just off the strip. I brought my whole wedding party.  We all had Haircuts, Fades and one hawk.  The guys all had their first straight razor shaves.  The (beer) beverages Top the experience off perfect.  It was the greatest time, what a party great haircuts very Inexpensive.  Highly recommended !
5	OUTSTANDING!! I get a haircut every two weeks and just tried Ashton's for the first time today. It was easily the best experience I have had at a barber shop. I will definitely be a regular here.
1	so disappointed haircut is bad real badso the white lady in the corner that says she sells paul micthelmessed up my hair bad i had to point out pacthes on the side of my headshe also left a bunch of hair behind my ears?she tottaly sabbotaged my haircut on purposei handed her a 20$ bill and she took it and said thanks even though i didnt think you deserved a tip the haircut was 17$ i expected a nice fade didnt happenthe other white lady was doing a bomb fadeanyway paul michell lady u suck keep the 3$ i wont be coming back here! !!!!!!
4	This has been my go to barber shop for past 2 years and have always left feeling great. They are located on the northeast corner of Durango and Windmill behind Bomas Bar.Ashton's is a great classic barber with comfy retro styling chairs and homey decor they even have a kegerator! Men's hair cuts cost $17 but it includes a straight razor shave around the edges with warm shaving cream. I have always been satisfied with the quality and professionalism of the barbers.There are 8-9 barbers that work their and my suggestion would be to find one that you like and stick with them. They tend to be busy on weekends so I would call ahead or try as come in on a weekday.
4	SCORE!!!  A confident FLATTOP from Barb!  Thank You Yelp!!!!
5	This place is the best...Barb is great but my fav is Dianne.  My hair is a simple buzz cut and I'm not the type that likes a lot of small talk during my haircut...I just wan't to get in and out fast.  Dianne picked up on this the first time I got a haircut from her and didn't bother me with the interrogation I usually get everywhere else (so what do you do?).  They are all very nice people though which gives this place a neighborhood feel that is very hard to find in this town....and if you are only tipping these people $3 (a haricut is very reasonable at $17), you should be ashamed of yourself...this is Las Vegas!
1	Ruined my weekend in Vegas!!! messed up my cut. so simple how hard is a taper fade with a 4 on top. Old man gave me a 1 all around with a 4. So pissed. 17 bucks is a damn rip off... Nice people, but don't deserve there barbers license
4	"The Wind"Sometimes I creep outside at night. I don't sleep well anymore so I slip from my Simmons Queen and sneak out to the balcony.Stars are usually out, and I see lights atop Mt. Potosi where Carole Lombard died. I read that her husband, Clark Gable, was never the same after she passed. Usually the wind is blowing and musses my locks like Grammy used to do. Sometimes I like the feeling, other times it bothers me--makes me remember better times I'd just as soon forget. Whenever I get like that I know it's time for a cut.More times than not I go to Ashton's. It's close, cheap, and fast with that old-fashioned barber shop feel. Magazines, sports on the telly, pennants on the walls. Even a poster with different hair styles by number.I went there today and got a number 12/14. Couldn't decide between the two so asked for something in the middle. Dude got busy and was done in 15 minutes. Paid him 17 bucks plus tip and left. Drove home and cracked open a beer. Went out to the balcony and looked westward like I always do.Cloudy, windy and cool. I wonder if the weather was like this when Carole's plane went down.For some reason I miss my hair, or maybe I just miss Grammy's fingers running through it.Whatever the reason, I need another beer. And the next time I get a cut I'll be at Ashton's.And what of Carole? What else is there to say but rest in peace, chica....(Mt. Potosi from my balcony: https://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/photo/xTFxVgtPwK6TZgXq95DjzQ/l.jpg)
5	Moved to the area in August of 2013 and have been looking for a good place to get my hair cut, that is not one of those chains. I find that there seems to be a frequent turnover at those places, and very little continuity. One of my co-workers kept hounding me to check out this place. Told me to ask for Barb, because she always does his hair.So, one morning this week I woke up and realized my hair was entirely too long. Once it starts to stick out on the sides and I start getting the Bozo the Clown look I know it is time to get a haircut. I strolled in to the quaint little shop around 8:45 on a Tuesday morning. Barb was there and she said she could fit me in before her next customer. While waiting for her to finish, I was entertained by her dog "Tank." She said she brings him in only every couple weeks, so if you don't like dogs in you Barber Shops don't let this turn you away, but really who would night like to meet a nice little pup every now and then.Back to the story, so when she was done with the gentleman in the chair she invited me up and asked how I liked my hair. There is a neat little number chart on the wall, but my preferred style was not on it. So I filled her in, and off she went. Clipper here, clipper there, warm shaving cream on my side burns and around the back of my neck, straight razor shave for those areas as well. A boom, a great haircut with great service. The price was $17 for all of that and I always throw in a tip. I am not sure where folks on this site are basing their price comparisons when calling this pricey, but pretty much any where you go you are looking to pay around $20 with tip and all. Unless of course you have coupons and go to those chain joints I previously mentioned. At any rate, at those places you do not get the personalized, friendly, and enjoyable atmosphere you get at this Barber Shop. I definitely plan to be back the next time I begin to see the Bozo the Clown hairstyle returning, maybe even sooner.
1	i can officially say i got the worst haircut in my life. not only was the haircut terrible but they were talking shit about the customers that just left.   do not go here. they will screw up your hair then complain about you when you leave. honestly i measured where my hairline on my neck used to be and its up 3 1/2 inches!!!!! wtf!!!!!
5	Love this place. Work and environment makes you feel welcomed and relaxed. I'd recommend this place to Anyang that needs a good  cut or shave.
5	I moved to Vegas in 2010 and started looking for a "barber" as soon as I settled in. Luckily, I was referred to Ashton's by a coworker. My son and I have been coming to see Joe for haircuts every couple of weeks. Fast, no frills, consistent. What more can I say? As long as he's here, we'll keep coming in on Sundays to get our hair cut.
5	Classic styles, razor fades & a lot more. They take appointments, and they do an awesome job. I love Barbara, she's the owner. If your looking for a unique style, or shave roll up here. I love coming here & youWill be happy that you did too!
5	I have been going to this barber shop for about three years and every time they give me a great haircut and beard trim. Usually Frieda cuts my hair but she was out today. So a gentleman named Patrick cut my hair and did my beard. He really did a great job. My hair was perfect and he did a good job on my beard even though he made sure I wanted it cut down to a #1. He is a very friendly person as is all the staff at this shop. I have even had my hair cut by Barbara and Joanne, they did outstanding job.  The price is very reasonable, actually it cheap compared to some of the other shops in town. The price also includes a straight razor around edges, which you don't see in some shops.  So if you are looking for a great classic barber shop that gives a great haircut I recommend Ashton's.
5	Clean cuts, friendly barbers, good price, quick service. Always a good experience, and I'll miss this place when I move away.
5	Great atmosphere. Stopped in for a straight razor shave today. This was my first experience ever having someone else shave me. I'll definitely be back. Great experience and well worth the money! $25 will get you a shave and facial massage. The only downside is I didn't see the beer tap until I was on my way out of the shop.
5	I moved to the mountains edge area last summer and so I was looking for a good barber. Let me tell you Patrick knows what he is doing. I usually get a combover, and I wanted to try something new so I let him do it. It was very different from what I was expecting but I liked it better. Every single detail on my hair was on point. I had 0 baby hairs sticking out and so I come her whenever I need a super fancy nice combover. The cut is reasonably priced w nice people. I recommend coming here for a nice cut for a decent price.
5	Love this place! Frieda and Barb are both awesome with a straight razor! Great fades!
4	Nice atmosphere
5	Small Barber Shop tucked away in South West Vegas, friendly barbers with outstanding  customer Service. With several years experience walk in and appointments are available. Stop in and see Barb today and get you doo done up she's outstanding !
5	Took the hubby here to get his head shaved and beard trimmed. The guy(didn't get his name darn) did a great job. It was 20 bucks for head shave plus 5 for the beard trim. I dropped 20 bucks on the way out and the guy ran out after me to give it to me. Now that is a wow experience for you. Hubby ran in after he went in to give him more tip on top of the 25% we already left.
5	Great American barbershop! Been going here for the past few years. Joe, Rex, and Frieda do an excellent job.  Friendly place, and they also have free beer while you wait.  If you want a classic barbershop, go here.
5	My boyfriend and his dad just LOVE this place. Such a nice atmosphere and they do a wonderful job. Joe is the best but everyone is so nice.
