5	I'm always hesitant to give a new barbershop or salon a try. The results are something you have to live with for a few weeks. That said, I was really impressed with my first haircut at Sport Clips. The friendly staff is knowledgeable about men's hair, and skilled at scissor cuts and razor blending. I can go five weeks, and my haircut still keeps it shape, versus three weeks elsewhere. The MVP package ($22) is no more than haircuts elsewhere, and includes a relaxing shampoo, scalp massage, leave-in conditioner, and a nice shoulder/neck rub. And they offer discounts through a customer reward card. A great find and a great experience.
1	Do not take your boys to get their haircuts at this sports clips.  I went there with my son who had a long surfer type hair cut.  I specifically said he just needs a trim around the ears and neck...nothing in the front...even showed her a picture...30mins later he had a BUZZ cut, a large cut on his ear from the clippers that she shouldn't have been using in the first place, and tears coming down his face.  I am still devastated for him...he didn't even want to go to school today.  Maybe if your a man and need a easy buzz cut then this might be your place.  Horrible experience!
3	I was in the neighborhood and short on time so I stopped in.  Was satisfied if not thrilled w my haircut.  They do have a lot of nice offers though, like full service for price of basic for 1st time customers, free haircut on your birthday, etc.  They're pretty serious about their sports theme which is amusing.
5	There are haircuts and then there are Haircuts and Sports Clips doles out the latter and then some. The MVP package will get you a haircut, shampoo and scalp massage, which is about as amazing as it sounds.The hairdressers are nice and sociable and make you feel right at ease as they clip and trim the nest on your head into something presentable. They are don't shy away from giving you an assist on the facial hair. I also learned that their is such thing as beard oil and it feels amazing and smells like pine needles.To top it off you get a free neck trim in between haircuts. In short, this is a pretty bomb place to get your haircut if you're a dude.
