3	The key to Sack's is the daily specials. For a long time I came here and got the Symphony which is a decent turkey/avacado sandwich and some oriental noodles or one of their other eclectic, tasty sides. Or I would get one of the hot sandwiches on a sub roll like the Encore sans ham. The sandwiches here are ok, but kindof of soggy and sloppy with only mediocre bread like the Baggin's chain in Tucson.One of my workmate's finally showed me the light in the form of the poorly written scribbles on the white board at the far side of the menu. Pretty much everything I've ordered from it has been fantastic. The bread still isn't much to talk about, but the unique sandwiches it sports like "The Blues", which is some delicious cajun chicken concoction, make me wish I could eat two.Top it off with some of their great iced teas. They usually have a couple flavors, with the fruity/citrusy ones being the best. Make sure not to pour a full cup of the Market Spice tea though, you might choke to death. It's best mixed with other teas.
4	I am at work today, talking to my co-worker, letting her know that I was going to Taco Bell for lunch.  She looked at me disappointed, and said "I never want to hear that you are gaining weight again...stop eating that!"  She then told me about Sacks....I decided that I would give it a shot. (not that is was any healthier....)I wasn't real impressed with the layout of the place, even where it was located.  It was getting busy when I walked in...and had no idea what to order.  I ended up with the Van Gogh, which was roast beef, dill, alfalfa sprouts, cheese and I subsituted the marble rye for a tomato basil bread.  The girl at the counter was really sweet and helpful at helping me pick out what I wanted.  My sandwich was really good, and it wasn't just a normal sandwich.  I also liked the little cookie that they snuck into my bag.  And the fact that they have Stewart's root beer was a nice bonus.The only thing that I could say that was negative is that I left there still smelling the kitchen on my coat.  And it wasn't pleasant.
4	the greatest thing about Sacks... is that if you say it too quickly it sounds like you are going to have a nooner for lunch... not to a great lil sandwhich place...i go here alot of lunch and am a big fan.  i like the fact that they actually do serve everything in a sack.  they are very quick (even with the pasta).  in each sack they have a cookie that makes the meal.the only down fall of this place is that it fills in quick and the line gets pretty long... while the line is pretty quick seating can be a problem.
3	Sacks is a great little place.  One issue and I know this wouldn't seem like a bad thing (at least if you are the owner) but it is a bit too busy for me.  I can never find a parking place or a seat.  The sandwiches are good and I like them, but I will admit that sometimes I don't go just because of the crowds.  The food is good.  I like that they have a variety of sandwhiches and they put a lot of things on the sandwiches which can easily be taken off for the picky folks like me unlike other places where things are mixed in and not removable.  If you are looking for a good tastey sandwhich, this is a great place to check out.  If you are looking for a nice relaxing lunch where you can find a seat, move along.
3	Um, it's ok. I despised the bread my sandwich came on but other than that I can't really complain. It's usually quite packed at lunch but yet possible to get a seat. One thing that's particularly amazing about it is the number of hot women who work and eat there. More than any culinary splendor, it's a feast for the eyes.
4	SACKS should be called, "Have a yummy sandwich and surprise! There's a cookie too!" During lunch its filled with downtown Corporate America and our brains of the world from St. Joe's Hospital - its right across the street.Look at this line!! Holy shit! Calm down! The order board is gynormous, so you'll know what you want as soon as you reach the register.  Well you better anyways. First timers, its kinda overwhelming. Take a deep breath, its just a sandwich. Parking and seating might be an issue. Luck was on my side today. I might just hit the Casino now.... or take a nap.
2	Seriously... It's just a sandwich people. You can dress up bread as much as you want but if you don't do it right, don't brag about it. I've had WAY better. Two stars because they gave me a cookie.
3	They always have new and delicious daily specials.I normally order the encore (similar to a cheese steak) with hot peppers and feta yogurt... YUM! I am not a fan of mayo and finding something that adds moisture to my sandwich and improves the flavor is major for me.They carry multiple flavors of iced tea and their lemonade is very good.
4	Needed a fix and hadn't had a Sacks sandwich in a few months. It was delish and reminded me why I love their food. Today, I had a simple chicken salad sandwich with lettuce, cucumbers and provolone. Of course, I had to get an iced tea and one of their snikerdoodle cookies. I also like to get the Symphony sandwich - turkey, bacon, sprouts and cream cheese (I 86 the tomato and guac.); or the grilled cheese with a choice of cheeses; and a few friends regularly crave the Dali - egg salad. The location on Thomas is always packed at lunch - it's really popular with the docs and nurses from St. Joseph's Hospital. Get there by 11:30 or wait until 1; or order over the phone and have it delivered (minimum 4 orders). If you do call in an order, make sure you know which of the four stores you're calling and don't forget that they're only open until 2.
3	My co-workers and I visit Sacks on occasion, but for take-out only. Every time we go in (lunch time during the week), it is totally mobbed. We walk in, wait in line, order, pay, get our bags and leave. Sacks is great when you are placing a large order for a group of people because everyone gets their own sack (hee-hee, get it, sack at Sacks). The other fabulous thing about Sacks is you get a scrumptious, warm chocolate chip cookie with your sandwich.Today I had the Improv, which is a baguette with turkey, cranberry sauce, stuffing, lettuce and mayo. The next time I get it, I will ask for no lettuce or mayo. I felt like the turkey to stuffing ratio was way off too - I was biting into lots of stuffing and no turkey. Another favorite of mine is the Symphony-yummy turkey with bacon and sprouts and cream cheese ... Next time!!
2	I was so disappointed by my lunch at Sacks today. It reminded me of a place in Albuquerque called Baggins... but they fell way short on customer service and quality. While the patio was pretty full, there was no line and I was able to walk right up to the counter to order. No greeting. She took my order, no explanation. Although, I prompted by saying, "This is my first time here." Counterworker just stared blankly until I asked, "So do I wait here or do you call my name?" The sandwich was fine: egg salad, cream cheese and bacon on multigrain bread. Not the best I've ever had. I ate half then turned to the bite sized cookie as my reward. It was hard as a rock! I didn't even finish the shard that I bit off. I don't see any real reason to go back.
4	Great sandwich, fast service, and a cookie too! FOOD I ordered the Dali Sandwich and it was delish! There was plenty of egg salad (and no onions or celery in the salad- that made me happy) piled on my sandwich and the 12 grain bread was moist and fresh. I had requested no bacon or mayo and they made just how I asked with no complaints. My coworkers ordered the Chicken Salad and enjoyed it as well- though the lettuce looked a little yellow to me- I like mixed greens usually. But the chicken Salad looked great. AMBIANCE A little crowded at lunch time- and at 11:45 there was only one parking spot in the lot. There are regular tables and chairs and an area to sit outside. I also like that they had a special "to go" pick up line. It was very organized. OTHER I had a full stomach for $5.00 (I had water to drink). I f you're in the mood for a simple sandwich or you want a monstrous one with sprouts, peppers, and different kinds of cheese- try this place.
4	Sacks is growing on me.  I think that I like my sandwich more when I do the "self portrait" and pick what I want on my sandwich.  They have plenty of choices, but I guess I can be picky with my sandwiches.It gets busy here, lunch is best if you go a bit early or a bit later.  The phone is best for pick ups, it's super easy and super quick.The best part is that you get a little cookie with your sandwich and they have multiple iced tea selections.  All of them are delicious!
1	I I would really like this place had they not treated me like crap!! And I will def. not spend money on a place where people do not appreciate it. Even if it is only $10 I am spending. I requested the pasta renaissance and explained that I'm a vegetarian and that the sauce needs to be the one not being soaked with meatballs.Well the chick behind the counter says'' if you 're a vegetarian you need to  order something else''it took a lot out of me to not say really mean things. I have requested this before with no problems, so I am not sure what happened that day, but regardless I have no desire to go back.
3	Good, unique sandwiches at reasonable prices. I had the Improv, which is like cold Thanksgiving dinner on a baguette: turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, lettuce, mayo. The little cookies that come with the sandwiches are fantastic, too. Yes, the sandwiches are pretty stuffed and the fillings often fall out, but better that then an underfilled sandwich that's all bread, like Subway, right?!
3	The Bad:1. Weirdly laid out dining room with messy tables.2. Service is usually lousy.3. Abundance of hard surfaces makes dining inside a noisy ordeal. Woven wall hangings are our friends!The Good:1. The Dali sandwich, with gooey egg salad and thick bacon, is to die for.2. Mini chocolate chip cookies are a wonderful bonus.3. One of the few local eateries that serves fountain Diet Sprite.4. Across the street from St. Josephs, so one sees a lot of cute nurses in their scrubs coming in and out.
2	this was my first visit. there were a variety of items on the menu. you could order from a selection of sandwiches, which seemed fairly priced at $5.50-$7-ish or create your own ... but for the create your own,  you got charged for every little thing, including 45 cents for each veggie, which seemed a bit odd. you could easily create a $9 or $10 sandwich, without a side or a drink. there were lots of sides including  pasta salad, chips, asian noodles, and some yummy, homemade desserts. it was a bit chilly so soup was in order. i had the sonoran rojo clam chowder, which was not at all what i was expecting. the broth was very thin, not thick like clam chowder normally is. there was a plethora of vegetables and huge chunks of potato and a minimal amount of rubbery clams. it looked more like vegetable soup than any chowder i've ever had. i also ordered a side of asian noodles, which appeared to be angel hair pasta, some sesame seeds and a very artificial asian marinade. i got a free chocolate chip cookie, which was small and hard, but free so can i really complain? both items i ordered were odd. the soup was better than the noodles. maybe i ordered the wrong items? counter service was simply unfriendly. i wasn't impressed, but i'd like to like this place. i'll probably try it one more time, ordering a sandwich, when i'm in the area, very hungry, and in the mood to spend $10 or $15 on lunch.
4	OK, I'm an East Coast guy where getting a good sandwich is not really a challenge. However, the corner deli is just an urban legend out here. That being said, I've been on a long quest to find some good sandwiches. Sacks is one of the better ones which I can't believe I never even knew existed until I started working across the street from the Thomas Rd locale. Even though there always a crowd (we go at 11:30 to avoid that but there is still a heavy volume), they get your order processed quickly, the sandwiches are healthy and they have a good choice of iced teas (Go Mango!)
4	Apparently all the people in my department used to go to this place all of the time a couple of years ago. I'm new around here but I got a recommendation from a colleague to try it out, although I was concerned with the average ratings it had received. The slight hipster artsy feel of the employees and decor made me feel rather comfortable there. The sandwich was good, a little bit too much mayo for my diet, but I suppose it's not Sacks' fault that I eat out too much... or is it?
5	I really like the food here. My favorite sandwich is the Encore with chicken and spicy/hot peppers and yogurt feta dressing. We used to call in our orders and just pick up to beat the lunch rush/wait. I love the ice tea there too.
5	I almost didn't try this fast casual restaurant because the name struck me as pretentious.  What a mistake that would have been!  I got together with Norm R. for lunch here today, & my sandwich was a "Sack's Symphony", which consisted of turkey breast, bacon, avocado, tomato, alfalfa sprouts, cream cheese & mayonnaise, piled up on good-sized slices of 12-grain bread.  It was sooooooo good!!!  So was the "Oriental Noodle Salad" that I started with.  On top of that, they snuck the best chocolate chip cookie I've ever eaten in with my order!  The dining area is nice too, & the staff is friendly.  I really love this place!!     :-))Sack's Symphony $5.99, Oriental Noodle Salad $1.05 (!), super good cookie, free!!
4	Although I'm not a big fan of sandwich places, I must say that this one is a really good place to have lunch, whether light or substantial. I'm glad Rand H. invited me to try this place with him. There's a good array of sandwiches, salads, and sides to choose from, and the place itself has a relaxed and informal atmosphere. The sandwich I ordered - the "Encore" - was delicious: steak, provolone, sauteed onions, peppers, lettuce, and yogurt dressing, in a baguette. It was a good size; I thought I'd bring half home but ended up eating the entire thing. The Oriental Noodle Salad, their version of cold sesame noodles, was also good; I managed to finish it even after I had consumed the large sandwich I had ordered. Good to know another pleasant place to have a leisurely meal with friends in the heart of the city.
5	I can always count on Sacks.   It is always fresh and always tasty and the sandwiches are so creative that years later I'm still not sure how they get those fabulous blends and tastes that they do.   I try to hit lunch a little off the lunch hour and then the crowds are not so bad and I can find parking but, its worth it to eat a little latter when I know the meal will be so satisfying I can go back to work and be so productive.   Sacks is my "go to place" when I have a guest or friend that I want to be well fed and satisfied too.
3	The sandwiches here are really good...been here twice and the first time had the "gothic" and the second time i had "monte cristo". The service however is crap! The lady kept cutting me off and if i asked a question about a sandwich she gave me this attitude as if I was getting my food for free! That why I only gave it 3 stars...they definitely need to work on their people skills!
2	Recently had lunch here while visiting the hospital across the street.  I followed the recommendation of my colleague and had the smoked salmon sandwich.  To be honest, it was all rather disappointing from the break (not much taste and not the freshest) to the salmon which lacked seasoning.I know it is hard to make a sandwich memorable, but I expect a relative minimum quality which unfortunately wasnt met.
4	Love this place, been coming for many years and recently stopped by for their italian sub.  Still as good as ever, these guys have great quality produce and a simple but yet complex style in their sandwiches. Little details make me appreciate them, ohh yeah and they have good tea.
4	Delicious.  I love this place because it's only a couple of blocks from my work, and because I kind of have to love it if I want to fit in here ;) I always, always, ALWAYS get the Sacks Symphony, because the one time I didn't I had mad-food envy.  This place is just great.  Delicious LARGE sandwiches (you can totally save half... or eat it guilt free because it's so good), AND a mini cookie!  How great is that?  Seriously?  Plus, everything appears to be made to order (except for the most popular sandwiches at lunch time, and even then they never sit for long...!) and they have no problem customizing for me.Only cons (hence the 4 instead of 5 stars) is that there's definitely not enough seating for those busy lunch hours.  And it does get a bit pricey for sandwich, chips, and drink.  But Sacks, you're worth it.
5	I love this place!!!! I used to work right next to Sacks and when I discovered it, I was completely hooked. As an avid sandwich eater I am always looking for good sandwiches and Sacks it at the top ten of my list. Their sandwiches are just amazing and have the best taste to them. Their great selections of always fresh ingredients and different types of bread is the best part. I usually get the baguette because it's simply delicious topped with grilled chicken, melted provolone cheese, and fresh spinach. As simple as that sounds, it just melts in your mouth. Very yummy and a must try!!
4	Yum Yum Yum. This place is so good.  I love their tuna on 12 grain bread so much that I always want to get something else and end up ordering it anyway.  That being said, when I do venture off of the usual fare, their daily specials are AWESOME.  Whether a new salad, hot sandwich, or cold sandwich, I've never been disappointed by the combos they put together on that specials menu. One of my favorite sandwich places since I was like 10 years old. :)
5	This place rocks!  I sometimes meet with my wife when she has time and I have my doctor appointments and we have lunch at Sacks.  The food is very good.  The food is fresh.  The food is generous in portion size.  And the the food is fast.  Hard to find someplace to sit at lunch sometimes, but this place is so darned good, I would wait.Try the oriental noodle salad, pretty darned good.  The cookie they give you is awesome too!
5	Yummy lunch spot.
4	Sandwiches are delicious, the food is great, parking sucks, but the cookies make up for it.  Good place to grab a quick bite. The tea is good here too.
5	One of my biggest disappointments in having to abandon gluten has been missing out on the unbelievable sandwiches from Sacks. Grilled chicken, freshly sliced ham, chunks of turkey... whatever you want, they've got it! 9-grain wheat, rye, sourdough or spinach wrap, the options are literally endless. And if you're smart, you'll trust them and order the daily special - it's different each day, and always more amazing than the last (if you can believe it?!?)! For the salad-eaters, hands down... the best tuna salad in the valley! And trust me, get the honey-poppy seed dressing. You won't regret it!
3	I always get the Chicken Salad here so I can't comment on the other types of sandwiches that they have. The Chicken Salad is good but not Cassella's great. (check previous review on Cassellas) They used to have the best cookies here but today's was a bit overcooked. Still good but not as chewy goody as always. The place is too small and was very crowded ( no place to sit for me today) and the service tends to not be very good.While they are fast I don't find the staff very friendly.  It is also on the high end expensive for just a sandwich. I go every now and again when in the neighborhood because I love good sandwiches. I would say better than average but nothing to write home about. Also, a tip- go on off lunch hours.
5	Awesome restaurant.  I have been going to Sacks for over 15 years and am never dissapointed.  The staff is friendly, the specials fantastic and the bread selection/quality is always great. The tea is always good, and fresh. Two thumbs up.  I probably eat at Sacks at least 2 x a week!
4	We ordered from this place at work yesterday. It was stellar!Ok first the cookies. If I could just rate them 5 stars I would have in a heart beat. They are moist and soft and chewy and..Im making myself drool.I ordered the chicken salad sandwich, on marble rye with Swiss, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, mayo, mustard and horseradish. It was a very tasty sandwich. I was kind of soggy when they got it to me but that is what happens when you ask for it to be delivered.The large was big, however I like my lemonade sweet, if you don't like it sweet this is for you.The delivery was a reasonable amount of time. No JJ's fast but I wasn't gnawing off my own arm. All in all if you work near this place, go to school near this place etc, certainly order from here.
5	Great Lunch Spot! Seriously if your downtown and in the mood for a sandwich you should hit up sacks. They really have turned sandwich making into an art. There salads are delicious as well.
4	Let me be frank: I love Sacks. I love their sandwiches so much; I would drive a crazy distance to endure lunch time traffic and terrible parking just to have one of their delicious sandwiches. When I come to this location, I always feel like I'm going off to battle and will return victorious. I usually call ahead, since the line to order can be out the door. My favorite sandwich is the Symphony - minus the sprouts.  I also love that it comes with a cookie - yum. This is one of my favorite lunch time destinations downtown and would jump at the chance to eat here. However, I hate, hate, HATE the parking. It's horrific! You can spend 15 minutes driving around, lurking and waiting for someone to come out just so you can snatch their space. It takes so long to find parking, you could probably place an order form the parking lot and your sandwich would be ready by the time you found parking. On top of this, the Papa John's delivery drivers block people in and that makes it even more of a cluster. Short Story Time: The parking is so bad that as I'm trying to leave the parking lot, I get stuck behind this woman and I'm patiently waiting. As I'm waiting, this guy gets in his car and just backs into me! Luckily it wasn't anything serious but damn. It really is a battle for one delicious sandwich.
4	Great sandwiches. But if you do not order ahead, plan on a wait and a hard time parking.  With the hospital across the street, it is a very popular place.If you can order ahead or go at an off time, you will be so happy.  I very rarely switch up my order, but everything I've had I like.  I usually get the Encore (hot roast beef with peppers and feta sauce).  It is a little bit of heaven on a roll.
5	I was craving a sandwich. And I always pass this place and have never been in... I'm very happy I stopped! As I was getting out of my car there was a lady walking out who put on the "closed" sign. :( my luck it was 3:58pm and they close at 4pm. I was bummed! As I was about to walk away feeling defeated by the sandwich gods this nice man came out and said "Hey I can make you a sandwich to go really fast" I was hesitant because I know what a pain in the butt it is when someone strolls in right as you about to close up shop, but he assured me that everything still needed to be put away so it wouldn't be a problem. I ordered the Sacks Symphony which seemed to be the easiest thing to make just to be sure I wasn't being too big of a jerk. The cook made it up in a jiffy I cashed out with the sandwich and a bag of chip for about 8$ and I was on my way.The sandwich was HUGE! As least for me it was. The sandwich had delicious crispy bacon, fresh avocado, sprouts and tomatoes along with cream cheese and savory turkey.  It was delicious and SOOO FRESH! My favorite part was the awesome cookie that comes with every meal! Sold!Ill be back soon! Very soon! Great service and awesome food!
3	Average sandwich at best. Was expecting a melt in your mouth experience kinda thing. Well, I can't say I was blown away or anything. The staff was friendly and the sandwich was delivered to my table in no time at all. It was piled high and all the ingredients within tasted fresh...the bread however was sub par. For the money, I would rather go to Pane Bianco any day...Last but not least, the complimentary chocolate chip cookie was a nice feature.
4	Chocolate cookies to die for included with your sandwich. It may take you a little bit to order, every sandwich has witty names and there's a lot of options.
4	One of my favorite sandwich shops in the valley. Consistently good service and high quality of food. The cookie is a nice touch and they have punch card!
5	Today I called to order some sandwiches to go and the very nice gentleman on the phone said they were closed.  On the website it said they were open until 4 but he said they closed at 3 (it was a little after 3).  He said I could order sandwiches because he was still there cleaning.  I got there close to 3:30 and he stayed late for me.  The sandwiches were delicious and I have to say I thought that was sooooooooo nice of him.  I'm sure he would have liked to go home on a Saturday afternoon.  I should have gotten his name but I didn't.  Anyway, he made my day :-)
4	If I'm off work or in the neighborhood at St. Joe's I always try and stop by. Fast service and great sandwiches. On point though: come on off lunch hours!
5	Excellent Food.. Great Service...Perfect Food Portion.. & Free Cookie :)(What else we need??)"Chipotle Chicken Sandwich" is my favorite @ SACKS. Don't miss to try this place.
4	Not being a meat eater it is hard to find a good sandwich place, but Sacks Impressionist (Veggie) is one of my favorites. It comes fully loaded and with lots of options. And if i'm feeling a little fishy, both their tuna salad and tuna sandwich are other go to items. I am usually pretty picky about my tuna, but Sacks is fresh and not smothered in mayonnaise. This is a great spot to call in a pick up lunch on the go.
4	Love this place. I have never had a bad meal here. I typically get tuna on wheat with rotelle pasta on the side, but love their hot sandwiches just as much. Staff is always friendly and service is fast. They only lose one star because they wont deliver orders under $20. If you need a quick, satisfying, reasonably priced lunch, this is the place to go.
4	Great place for lunch.  The signature "Improv" is like Thanksgiving on a sandwich...
5	Sacks is awesome! So many different choices for sandwiches, teas, sides, and chips! The people are very nice and they even made me lunch after they had closed one day (I was pregnant) they were so sweet and accommodating!
1	I was here today and found a hair in my sandwich. I was willing to overlook this, but then my sister found a hair baked into her cookie. That is more than I'm willing to overlook. maybe they should employ hair nets. They need to do something to regulate before I ever go back. I saw a dude sneeze into his hand too. Sandwiches are good, but I just don't trust the quality at this point. Sacks is goin in the litter box
4	Terrific sandwiches all the way around! One thing they need to fix is their signage - they need to trim or move the palm tree that is covering their sign. The parking is super-tight from 11:15AM to about 1:00PM. Ditto to the other reviews: call your order in 20 mins before you need to go pick it up during the lunch rush.There is a wide variety of iced teas, fountain drinks and chips to choose from. They have a punch card you can get so after so many sandwiches you get one free. Solid!
4	My husband was scheduled to have an outpatient procedure at St. Joseph's across the street, so I scouted out places for a quick, healthy lunch. Sacks fit the bill nicely. It was a quick walk over. The dining room was full--all tables were claimed, though there were empty seats--but there was no line ahead. I ordered a Symphony and bought a bad of Fritos for my son. The cashier immediately told me there were cups for water over to one side; I really appreciated that she brought that up before I could ask!I stood off to one side to wait. A huge mass of people came in. I was impressed with how quickly the cashier took orders and how fast the kitchen was completing them. My sandwich was done in five minutes!We went out to the patio, which was almost totally empty. It was a hot day, about 108 forecast for the high, but the patio was completely shaded and quite comfortable. I felt like I'd found a top secret hidey hole. The Symphony sandwich was good. It reminded me of the kinds of sandwiches I used to make when I was a kid! It wasn't gourmet or fancy, but it didn't need to be, and it sure was a lot fresher, better, and healthier than what it offered by fast food places. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat at Sacks, but the menu is diverse, the food is good, and it's always nice to know of reliable places like this. Plus, you get a chocolate chip cookie with your meal. That's always a nice touch.
5	Phenomenal sandwiches, among the best I have ever had anywhere in the country (inclusive of New York, Boston, Philly).  My favorites are the O'keefe and the Jazz. The pastrami is amazing as well.
4	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE!!  Great Sammiches, but unfortunately they close too early!
2	The sandwiches are very good, but for whatever reason this location allways screws up my order! They forget to put it in or forget to call my name and it takes 25 min to get my food. That being said the encore is very good, just be prepared to wait a while
4	Stopped by for a late lunch with my son and didn't realize that they closed @ 3 pm and the door was locked, but they saw us and opened the door and were glad to take our order. The sandwiches were delicious, can't wait to try this place again. Really appreciate the great customer service , that is something that you don't see too much of anymore.
5	Very good sandwiches I had the sac o keief it was very well made the prices were reasonable nice friendly atmosphere. Worker seemed very happy. My choice for a sandwich shop.
5	I love this place! I get the Remington every time - it's so good! These guys definitely know how make a sandwich the right way! Plenty of toppings that go from crust to crust and a huge variety of sandwich combinations! Oh yeah and you gotta love the little cookie that comes with!
