3	-Located in downtown Peoria, just a tad south of Grand Avenue & Peoria Ave.-Consignment and multi-dealer antique mall. -Prices were so-so for being in a low traffic area, where customers are not very aware that this business is here.-NO PUBLIC RESTROOMS, no where nearby to go - be sure to GO potty before coming here. (Low stars given due to NO available restrooms!)-Check-out is on the back wall - out of a big office window. The lady was friendly.-One far corner of the store with rugs was very messy - I almost tripped! This area is an accident waiting to happen. :(-Convenient parking right in front of the store.-They have another 'Thrift" or consignment place a few doors down. Don't bother - it's way overpriced and very messy! NO RESTROOMS there either.-I would probably stop by again in a few months, but not frequently.
5	Historic District Resale Mall is awesome! Great prices! I bought a beautiful Korean dresser with 3 piece mirror for $60. (dovetailed joints, unscratched finish, even shabby chic drawer liners!) Large spiral wrought iron plant stand with green glass shelves, $35, and silver platter for $3!The owner has an impeccable knowledge of every item in her store, and was very pleasant and informative.Bathrooms across street. Store was clean and organized, with classic antique store charm. The location is fabulous, and extremely easy to get to- right off Grand Ave and the 101 West.    LOVE the character and quality of the merchandise here.  I will be going back again as soon as I can.  If you want great prices and tons of selection that hasn't been picked through, go to Historic District Resale Mall.
1	The owner is a rude jerk that takes advantage of people. The stuff is WAY over priced. It's a thrift store, not antique shop. They are ridiculous. Stuff is thrown everywhere. There's no organization at all. The two "good" reviews" are from known employees and should be removed. They are liars. You'd get better stuff at Goodwill and they charge too much as well
1	A lot of really bad stuff all crammed together.  They would not let the person I sent to pick it up have the hutch I bought even though I left his name and information.  When he was there they would not even take my call to try and let me straighten it out.  I had to hire another truck and workers to pick it up myself. Horrible customer service. Given what is there, it is not worth a trip!
