4	Unfortunately, there aren't a lot of great coffee shops near West Towne Mall.  Many of the nearby coffee emporiums in this area are bland, with over-roasted coffee and little ambiance.  However, hidden in a strip mall off Odana is a gem...the west side Steep and Brew.  The coffee is always fresh and tasty (especially since it is freshly roasted in Madison), and the prices are reasonable by contemporary coffee shop standards.  There are probably better coffee shops in other parts of Madison, but nothing around West Towne compares.  Stay away from the chains, and visit Steep and Brew!
1	Yes, the coffee is decent, but the service has been repetitively so abominable, that I now forgo the joe in the morning at the Odana shop, even if I'm dying for a good cup, I just can't deal with the service.One easy example, a guy who works there once was on the phone when I gave my order, a personal call. He took my order, rang it up incorrectly since he wasn't paying attention, twice. The order was for a hot chocolate and a decaf - which has to brew independently.  After! the call ended and he rang me up, he THEN! started the hot chocolate. Then, after the hot chocolate was finished! he started the decaf. This was about 7 minutes into the beginning of my order. Then, with hot chocolate in hand, I waited over 5 for the decaf to brew. The whole time too he was chatting with someone about politics and I"m not sure exactly how long the decaf really took.This is how it should have gone: No phone call, DUH, the second he heard "decaf" he should have set it up to brew, then returned to ring me up. Then finish with the hot chocolate, so it would still be hot while the decaf finished, hand me two drinks in a reasonable 4 minutes, not 12. Horrible.
2	I work very nearby this particular Steep & Brew, and it is consistently hit-or-miss, as contradictory as that sounds. However, my most urgent complaint is that the majority of the baristas have no urgency whatsoever. I often try to build an extra 10 minutes into my morning commute to grab a cup of coffee and a pastry, and I'm forced to wait for a full 7 minutes while the one barista available slowlyyyyy makes pour-over coffee and precisely steamed lattes. I know it's a small shop, but the priorities and sense of urgency here are non-existent. Why don't they have carafes of coffee to the side, so those who are there to just get a cup can fill up, pay at the counter and get out? I wouldn't be complaining about this if it weren't a frequent and extremely irritating occurrence. Whenever I go there, I'm there at least 10 minutes before I need to be at work less than a block away and end up at work late, ALWAYS, due to a cup of coffee taking at least 7 minutes to obtain. Ridiculous. That said, the cherry danishes ARE delicious.
4	Unenthusiastic barista but the other patrons were on a first name basis with him so maybe it was b/c I'm a newbie :) Also the manager of the TCBY next door came over and they were all laughing up a storm....I can handle chit chat (I've worked retail before so I'm not too harsh) but when there is a customer right there in front of you sometimes it's better to postpone the conversation a few minutes until they walk away. Anyways; I got a hazelnut coffee and the beans were ground up right there and brewed on the spot. I don't know if this is normal (I have never had a cup of coffee brewed especially for me before) but I felt special and made up for what was experienced in the above paragraph :) The coffee was a bit weak. That in combo with the lack luster barista I had to knock off a star. They also had a long list of italian sodas that they offer and I will have to come back and try one of those out as well!
2	I enjoyed the cafe au lait I drank here, but I wouldn't recommend this location for a place to study or relax.  It has a couple small tables and a small countertop space by the window, but otherwise the seating area is small.
2	You had better be an established regular when you come to this Steep and Brew, otherwise you will be waiting a long, long time. I don't blame them for this; regulars are either there every morning like clockwork, or stop in several times a day for coffee, so of course they will be willing to accommodate them more than someone who only stops in on occasion. Too bad the west side doesn't have more coffee places to choose from so this Steep/Brew could be avoided.
5	I love the chai tea lattes! I go out of my way all the time to get my drinks from here. It's a long wait, but definitely worth it.
5	This coffee is such a treat!  The owner is great and the other coff drinkers are very nice!
4	Friendly service. Coffees brewed to perfection. Quaint atmosphere with recent redo. Great location on Odana Road.
