5	Friendliest doctor I've ever met. I have tried a handful of dermatologists here in the Valley and Dr. Racette was a great find. He's younger than you would expect, but his bedside manners are great. He's friendly and makes you feel comfortable and appreciated as a client. Last but not least for the ladies I can easily say the Valley has found its "Mcdreamy" in him. No hesitation recommending him. I also just found out he is among the dermatologists listed in this year's Top Doctors in Phoenix Magazine and deservingly so.
1	Found the doctor via his website and called for an appointment. The ladies that answer the phone are sweet so I felt I made a good choice. I was taken into the room and a sweet girl asked me questions and told me the doctor would be right in. He came in quickly and asked if I would mind if someone that was following him would be present. Fine. The other guy walked in along with a lady (medical assistant maybe). No one introduced either of them. Dr. Racette didn't ask me one question and didn't address any of my concerns. He seemed to even brush off the questions I asked or responded with brusqueness. It was very irritating as a patient to be asking questions about serious topics like skin cancer and feel blown off. He prescribed a cream for me and was walking out the door minutes after seeing me and said he would have someone come in with the script. He never talked to me about how the cream works or what it does. Awful awful. Too top it off, they were supposed to call me with test results. I had to call them and the gal that answered said, "no one called you with the results yet?: NO!! Will not see this doctor again. Sorry but I actually prefer doctors that care to take the time and actually address my questions and make me feel comfortable, not take 5 minutes to rush me through an appointment.
5	Voted TOP DOC in Phoenix Magazine!!
1	DO NOT SEE THIS JERK. I had some long time skin issues, and new acne caused by testosterone. He really did not do an exam! He didn't look at my skin. He didn't look for moles or any skin issues. You are supposed to map out the body so next year you can make sure nothing is new or moles have not changed. This is how you catch CANCER. All he did was mumble about my two options. But he never would actually give any ADVISE on it He gave me a long speech about Acutane. Only when I pressed him did he say he didn't suggest it for me. This guy has the personality of a SLUG. It took me longer to fill out my paper work than his "exam" did!When I realized he was leaving I said WAIT! I have a few more issues. He gave me the same look my MOM used to give me when I was bad. He quickly whipped out his gun and burned two warts for about 5 seconds, burned a little thing on my head and was headed out the door before I could ask anymore questions. I have ER doctors in less of a rush than he was. There was only one other person in the whole place, no idea where he needed to go so quickly, maybe to look in a mirror and admire himself?!? You could tell I was not worth a his time. My guess the only thing he really likes doing is giving women Botox or anti ageing cream. I am still amazed that this guy is a Top Doc. I BEG YOU PLEASEEEE do not do it to yourself. Go to ANYONE else!
2	Rushed, rushed, rushed. Very briefly looked at my skin issue and gave me some samples of a topical cream, which I appreciated. He just very clearly had other, better places to be, than listening to me or paying attention to any of my questions. I had 2 more questions I was planning on asking him, and he and his robot-like assistant were already out the door, so...so much for that. I love a doctor who at least gives me the impression they give a crap about what I'm talking about, whether they really mean it or not. That's not gonna happen here, though.
5	c
1	I didn't even make it to the doctor, the staff was so incompetent I couldn't bring myself to trust the doctor with anything.
2	This would not be a place I recommend.  My son did have good luck with this office and treating his acne with accutane.  He was treated young and the acne has come back.  I made a follow up appointment with the office.  The lady on the phone couldn't tell me when my son was last seen/treated because they changed computer systems and those records were in the doctors office.  I assumed incorrectly that the information would be given to me at the appointment.My son was not seen by Dr. Racette this time and the older last that saw him was super rushed.  Talked fast, didn't explain things and I left feeling like I had driven all the way to the office for nothing.  Hopefully if this course of treatment doesn't work I will see Dr. Racette on our follow up appointment.Very disappointed!
2	The office staff was friendly.  However, I when I made my appointment I made it to see the doctor.  When I got there I was seen by his assistant.  This really annoyed me as I made an appointment to see a specialist and paid more money for the office visit because my insurance charges more for appointments w/specialists, but yet I saw someone who wasn't even a doctor.  She did an exam to check for skin cancers and froze off some tiny moles on my neck and left me with scars.  I should have just paid $20 to see my regular doctor instead of $45 to see a dermatologist who stuck me with his assistant.  But again, everyone I encountered was friendly and professional.  They should have told me when I called and made my appointment I would not be seeing the doctor.
1	I DO NOT recommend you go here. In April 2011 I started seeing small blisters on the bottom of my feet and hands. My feet were itchy and I started to develop painful cracks on the soles of my feet. I didn't have health insurance so I put up with the cracks and pain for a few months. The cracks worsened and I developed some sort of infection. I was starting to see many blisters and the cracks were more severe. A friend of mine recommended I see Dr. Racette so I made an appointment. After almost an hour minute wait, Dr. R. examined my feet for a few seconds and diagnosed pustular psoriosis. He filled out a lot of paperwork, prescribed a topical steroid and asked me to come back in for a follow up in a week. A week later, my feet were worse and had more cracks on them, making it difficult to walk. Dr. Racette had a student with him, stared at his paperwork and talked with his student. NOT ONCE did he make eye contact with me. He confirmed his initial diagnosis of pustular psoriosis and proceeded to fill out more paperwork. He wrote me another prescription for the topical steroid and left the room.Over the next few weeks my feet got so bad I couldn't wear shoes and could harldy walk. My feet were swollen and turning purple. The purple was spreading to my ankles. There were even more blisters on my feet and some on my hands. I was miserable and in a great deal of pain. I made another appointment to see Dr. R. He told me about a study he was working on and if I got accepted to it, I could have humira shots for free. I was accepted and given two shots in my stomach. The next day I had hives all over my body. The cracks on my feet were so bad I couldn't put my feet on my bed to sleep. I had to sleep with a pillow under my ankles to elevate them. Dr. R recommended I double up on the humira, even though I told him I had hives all over. After two more shots and a few more weeks, I could not stand the pain any longer. I literally wanted to die!The infection was spreading from my feet  and had moved up past my ankles. It looked like I had purple socks. I called Dr. R. and he said there wasn't much he could do for me without insurance. I stopped the humira shots and called another doctor, also recommended by a friend. The other doctor was very nice, did not spend the entire time filling out paperwork, looked at me while he talked, listened to me with genuine concern, asked questions, had a wonderful "bedside manor" and immediately prescribed antibiotics and a topical steroid. The purple started to fade after two days and the cracks and itchiness lessened. After two doses of antibiotics the infection was finally gone. Dr. Racette never prescribed antibiotics.It took a year for the purple to fade. I still have psoriosis on my feet, but it's managable and much less severe. I do not recommend Dr. Racette, but I will give you the name of the wonderful doctor if you want.
1	My first yelp review, only because I was treated so poorly by Dr. Racette. I went into for a common freezing treatment of planters warts. He spritzed them with the freezer for about one second, and insisted that I come back for 2 more treatments. In the past, Doctors have applied sufficient freezer to allow the warts to blister and sent home medicine. This never happened after all 3 treatments. He was very stingy, rushed, and had no time to spend with me. I felt like he was annoyed  and defensive when I had questions and reservations.Success of the procedure aside, I  felt as though he talked down to me because of my age  (22) and had a haughty tone with me the entire 5 minutes I had with him. He's not personable, humble, or interested in helping. Just in collecting money and getting done with your appointment so he can move on with his much more important life. He is hasty, arrogant, and I have never been treated as such by a medical professional. Lots of better dermatologists in Arizona!
1	My first visit was very quick, doctor got the sample of my skin and I had an appointment for the next week to remove the stitches and learn about my diagnosis, at least, that was what doctor told me. When I came back following week, I asked desk assistant, if I need to pay for my visit. She replied that I needn't because it is a continuation of my previous visit. I didn't get a call with my diagnosis before this visit, so asked the nurse about my diagnosis and what doctor thought about my condition. Doctor came in and told me that I have a rare incurable disease. His tone rather calm and unsympathetic, as if all I got was a flu. I was shocked by my diagnosis and doctor's unprofessional attitude, I expected a little more compassion. In one month after last visit, I received a bill. After several calls and their promises to call me back next day which they never did, I called the billing. Very rude lady explained to me that the reason why they changed their mind and decided to bill me is because I had a "discussion with the doctor". I couldn't believe that being curious about my diagnosis after one week wait can cost that much, given they didn't call me with my diagnosis. I didn't receive any apologies for their inconsistency, just a threat: "Next time, if you discuss something with a doctor, you'll be charged for that." No, no next time for Omni. That's a shame that Dr. Racette turned out to be such a heartless scam artist.
