4	I just like Banana Republic's steezo.  As a younger person who spends most of his time in a tie, I've found that there aren't a lot of options for work clothes that:A) Fit younger gents better than a potato sackB) Are stylish enough to mix with jeans/t-shirt and wear after we punch outC) Accomplish both A and B without being prohibitively expensiveWhile you can find pieces here and there that can accomplish those tasks, Banana Republic just delivers those three things with greater consistency than anywhere else I've shopped--Charlotte or otherwise.  A lot of the dressier stores in Charlotte seem to cater to the preppier crowd.  And by that I mean you can find pastel polo shirts, khakis and loafers on their mannequins in December.  Someone has to supply clothes to all those young adults that wear their Easter best to night clubs!Banana Republic is my favorite place to shop, because their styles actually change from season to season, and because I can wear their clothes without looking like I'm on my way to a polo match or an afternoon of sailing and white zinfandel.
5	Suits seem to be designed and cut for two types of people.1) Average middle-aged man with about 20-30 extra pounds distributed over his midsection2) Fabulously wealthy middle-aged man who can do backflips from a standstill, and thusly needs a well-fitted suit to blow 1,000 bucks on.Since I am neither, but instead a 26 year old guy that has about 5 extra pounds distributed over my midsection, I can never find a suit that fits for under $800 bucks, (though every suit salesperson assures me their tailor can turn crap into gold.)Banana Republic's suits fit me perfectly.  I tried on 4 suits yesterday.  Each and every one of them fit me like a suit that sells for twice what they do.  All 4 of them needed absolutely nothing altered.  That's crazy.What's crazier is that they have a sale going on where if you buy a jacket ($325) you get the pants for free ($150 normally.)  On top of that, I had a 20% coupon along with a 10% discount for using my trusty BR card.  I got a great suit for $250 after tax.  It looks just as good, if not better, than the BOSS suit I had custom tailored a couple years back.  I love you Banana Rep.
3	Overall, nice, clean layout and decent selection.BR is one of those stores that I know I'll find something I like. They are always running sales, which is nice. My favorites are when they do 40% off your entire purchase or their suiting sales. I feel like you should never pay full retail on anything at BR. This location recently reopened after a renovation. I heard that the roof collapsed sometime last year and it has been closed for a while. They did a good job with the renovation. The store was very clean and I liked the layout. The dressing rooms were nice and roomy, although it could have had better lighting. The employees weren't super helpful but a few were friendly.
3	Ok, I am on a 3.5 stars for this store but that does not exist. Firstly, I encountered a staff who was borderline rude in this store. As I was looking at the sales racks in the petite section, there was another lady customer beside me. A staff walked up to her and was like "this whole sale section is for petites". The woman looked confused...The staff added" you have items in your hand that looked like they are regular sized, that's why I pointed it out". OK first of all, YOU DON'T comment on a lady's size!! I mean come on, I feel like I am not freaking petite, but I am in the petite section, you don't know how clothes fit on a person unless you are THAT person trying it on. Secondly, if something is on sale and it is a good deal, I WOULD LOOK and I will buy if they fit! Petite or not. The staff could have approached with a much nicer comment. What she said was not helpful, if the woman wants to look at the petite items, let her look at them! Secondly, all the staffs in this store, well except for the fitting room staff are extremely dead...like not lively. I had to approach people with questions. I see sale signs in select areas with additional 40% off, I asked the girl who was just boringly wandering around if it's just on the items with the sign over them or the whole store, she told me the whole store. She needs to definitely do a better job as the front door greeter, no one knows  this. If i had not asked, I would not have known. Later on, two other woman approached me and asked if I knew what's the deal about the sale and I had to explain it to them. Meaning, the lady at the front is practically useless. The staff in the fitting room were quite friendly. Smiled at me the whole time and took their time to introduce themselves. Trying clothes on was the best experience I had in the whole store. I don't care how nice your store looks, recently they renovated this store to look like a high end hotel. What I care about is how knowledgeable and helpful your staffs are. Get someone more energetic by the front and have more staff walking around, asking the right questions and actually give helpful feedback/comments.
