3	Super genuinely friendly staff. Plenty of flat screens to catch multiple games at once. Cold Stella on tap. Average pub grub.
4	A staple for Verona residents.  Good consistent bar food with cold beer.  Excellent specials daily - you are very lucky if they have the salad bar open.  I love a true Wisconsin salad bar - fresh bacon, cottage cheese, hard boiled eggs, homemake croutons, peas, beans, blue cheese dressing, and so much more.My husband adores the hot wings - slightly crunchy, meaty and plenty of sauce. They have an enormous hamburger - I saw someone eat it . . . to much for me, but that guy looked very happy, his wife on the other hand - disgusted.The owner is their frequently, very personable and good with his staff and customers.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. It is clearly a bar that serves food as opposed to a restaurant that serves drinks. The game is always on the tv and the bartenders and waiters are great and very friendly. The people watching is good too, as it is with most bars.I've had the fish both times I've been here and it was great both times. And the old fashion was fantastic. A very nice surprise.
2	While this spot was convenient, I was Staying at the nearby Hotel(across the street), It wasn't doing it for me. The bar is not stocked with much. Not many beers to choose from. I was trying to watch the NBA Finals and couldn't fully let the expletives fly because there were children hanging out in the joint!!!(It was after 9p..its a pub!)  I was there because the hotel gave out some free drink vouchers and I wasn't gonna pass that up. But that would be the only reason Id go there again.
2	Our family hasn't had a meal so disappointing in a long time.  We were in the mood for fish fry, and checked online for a location.  At Monte's the confusion started with the order:  The special was a Mahi Mahi with pineapple salsa, and came with Mediterranean veggies.  However, looking for the classic fish fry, my husband and I both ordered the highlighted perch fish fry.  (Although I asked the waitress if it was highlighted because it was a signature dish, and she said she didn't know it was highlighted.  Another point of annoyance: every fish dish on the menu was "Market Price".  Like the market for the Cisco truck fluctuates from day to day.)  I also asked to substitute the Mediterranean veggies for the coleslaw, and the waitress said that was fine.When our food arrived, it was a pile of curling fried slivers.  Not a single piece of fish was more than about an inch wide and 3-4 inches wide.  My mashed potatoes were dry, and instead of the Med veggies, I got a large florette of steamed broccoli.  Now, I like broccoli in general, but it didn't have salt, butter, or any sauce - just bland, pre-frozen broccoli.  When I questioned why it wasn't the Med veggies, the waitress told me you can only get those with the special.  I barely ate any of it, yet it appeared as an additional $2 charge our on bill.  So much for substitutions!  Had a noticed it before we left, I would have argued, but instead I'll post a review on Yelp. :)There is no printed kid's menu, but the waitress did say they had some unofficial kids meals.  Our kids got mini burgers and fries.  The fries were OK, but the burger was on some horrible bun that smushed down to an eighth of an inch think when you picked it up.  They ate their fries, but not the burgers, and usually they are good eaters!All in all, our bill came to nearly $50 with tip.  The only reason I'm giving this place two stars is because the staff was really friendly.  We will never return again - I've had better fish at Culvers for less than 1/2 the price!
5	How have I not written a review about Monte's yet??!! It's like Cheers!  Everybody knows your name.  I had to make several trips to Wisconsin for work in the last couple of months.  My hotel was right across the street from Monte's.  I've got nothing bad to say about this place.  First, Monte and his wife Roxy are regulars at their own place.  It's fabulous!! They're so friendly!  Scotty Do and Tyler are superb.  They remember what your drink of choice is every time you come back.  I was up there during the NBA finals, and on the same night, it was the Dancing with the Stars season finale.  They spoiled me and put the Miami game on one tv, and Dancing with the Stars on another!  Tuesday night is trivia night.  The locals get very into it.  So much fun.  My team, Team WHATEVA, brought the house down on our first appearance at trivia.The food is pretty darn good too.  Never been to the fish fry, but I hear it's amazing.So if you're ever in Verona, Wisconsin and are lookin' for a good time, stop in at Monte's and you definitely won't regret it.  Play Livin' on a Prayer on the juke box and tell 'em Laura from Miami sent ya ;)
4	How in the H-E-double-hockey-sticks haven't I written a review for Monte's as of yet?!!Good gosh... I've been here at least 10 times, and have always had a great experience.  Ok, alright - let's back-up a bit here and start at the beginning... Breakfast: I've had breakfast here on several occasions and it is solid.  Super solid.  I love me an english muffin with some eggs, cheese, and a little bacon.  Monte's has a solid egg sammy, with an English Muffin as an option.  They also do a decent pancake; if it's eggs you're looking for, they'll take care of you, too.  Speedy service, reasonable prices, and solid breakfast chow, all for the win.Lunch: can't say I've ever had lunch here, but if it's anything like the dinners, you'll be A-OK.Dinner: man... where to start?  They've recently swapped out their Chef.  That's not to say the food wasn't good before, but now it's extremely solid.  Check out any of their stellar sandwiches or one of their specials - chicken and biscuits?!  Yes, please!!!!  I can't wait to get back to try their fish fry.But, if you ask me, where Monte's is really starting to shine is with their craft beer selection.  They truly have a superbly interesting offering of brews, both on tap and in bottles.  The bar manager is doing his damnedest to introduce some truly unique and stellar brews to the area.  I mean, comeon - they have Knot Stock, Skal, and Johnnie's Red on tap... They also have Central Waters Imperial Stout, Bitter Woman, and a bunch of unique seasonals in bottles...  Wow.Service is always important; I've sat primarily at the bar and have always had excellent results.  Table service can be spotty - some of the servers are absent/slow, others are fantastic.  Service generally suffers on special event nights (like trivia) - I suspect they're understaffed.So... if you find yourself in the area; or heck, even if you live 30 minutes away, do yourself a favor and swing on over to Monte's.  You will not be disappointed, especially if you're a fan of some truly awesome craft beers.Kudos to Monte's.  You guys rock.  I'll be back!!!Monte's = WINFood = 3.5 starsService = 4 stars (when sitting at the bar; table service a bit spotty)Value = 4.25 starsMISC = 5 stars (great bartenders, great effort, & a solid neighborhood bar feel)It's not a gastropub, but I'd match them up against any of the bars in the Madison area.  Honestly - give them a try.
5	Eaten here many times when in Verona for Epic training, staying at the Holiday Inn Express (see review there--great place).Monte's is a bar-grill type place. Staff is friendly and the food is good. Fried cheese curds are great. I've had most of the burgers, the fish special, stuffed grilled cheese.. it's all pretty good. The best thing about the place is the great selection of local beer, bottled and tap. make it a point to try something different each trip!
1	Barely decent bar food. Chili had no flavor, just meat in tomato broth with a few beans. Taco salad was just lettuce in a greasy shell with bland and stringy hamburger on top and a few tomato fragments. Hamburger was cold. Yech.
5	Love this place. The owner is very friendly and likes to get to know his regular customers. The food is good and the atmosphere is too. Great brunch buffet!
4	Come here is you want good old style pub atmosphere with friendly service and a hearty meal.We were staying in Verona for work and we didn't want to drive out to Madison for a meal so we literally walked across the road to monte's. There hotel staff had good words about the place and you also get a free drink if you're staying at the hotel so that's a bonus.Entered, and from behind the bar the bartender friendly waved us in and said to sit anywhere. The vibe of the place feels like your local pub with people from all over the area sitting together around the bar chatting, and Monte was in the house also. It felt like the staff and locals were a big family but you didn't feel like you were intruding coming in from the hotel as they were very friendly and they obviously get a lot of business from across the road.They have heaps of local beers on the menu and a good local cider too for me. Although there weren't too manay gluten free options (and unfortunately they were out of chilli too) I had ended up going with the pork chop after 2 prior attempts at ordering. They were very accommodating and I didn't feel like I was being a hassle or pressured to order quickly at all when I had to find another option. It ended up being a great meal the pork chop was a good one, one of the better ones I've had since moving to the States, grilled well and nice and plump...and I upgraded to the spicy waffle fries on the side. Although not particularly spicy they were still tasty and were great with some hot sauce (something that I love about American restaurants - they all have hot sauce!!).My friend ordered the Tony's taco special of the day (Tony did a great job!) and he enjoyed his meal also (which was pretty big, came with 3 tacos, rice and beans.3 hours and 5 pints of cider/beer later, we tumbled out of there a little tipsy and satisfied with a good relaxed meal, very good service and a nice and easy short stroll back to our rooms.
3	Food was ok... I had a wrap.  The cheese curds were decent and tasty.  It was the only place open later near our hotel after arriving on a late flight.
4	Pretty decent place. I had their cheeseburger with the cheese curds (which was surprisingly good). Both times I ordered the food to go and the service was quick. Seems like a really good place to go in Verona (if you're in the area). Side note: its a non-smoking establishment, so that's an extra plus.
4	Found this place after a day at the New Glarus Brewery.  It was across the street from our hotel.  We were pleasantly surprised!  The food was very good!  Nice, relaxed atmosphere.  Everyone was having a good time as it was karaoke night!
