5	I went here couple time and by far is my favorite place to take pilates in charlotte. The ower is nice  and i already take classes with all staff in this location. The price is very fair. They have. Pilates reformer too
5	Love this fitness studio for Pilates.  I live in Los Angeles, CA and was visiting Charlotte for a couple months and needed to continue my Pilates classes.  I searched all over Charlotte, and couldn't find nothing that was similar to my classes in LA.  Alternative Fitness Pilates was it!   Price is very good!  Instructors are very nice, knowledgeable  and helpful!  Owner was very nice and helpful when I called on phone, which may me try it,  I'm glad I did!  My go to Pilates studio in Charlotte!They have reformers too, which is what I was needed!Check it out!  you will LOVE it...
5	What sucks is that I have taken so many classes and am so excited when I get in, I always forget to check in.....LOL!I love and adore this place, the people that teach here and the people that go here.Myself I've always been active in one way or another in my life (background in dance, kickboxing, biking, blading, Zumba instructor, etc.) so I am quite picky when it comes to getting a workout of any kind. I want to be satisfied mind and body. My hubby was the one that found this little place. I thank him every week for finding it and for the packages he gets. I feel like I belong there. Melissa is just about the greatest owner/teacher I could have ever met. They have so many classes to choose from! They offer so many different mat classes & apparatus classes (Pilates machines). Personally haven't tried the apparatus ones yet, maybe later this year. I also enjoy that you have to sign up online to purchase classes and to sign up for them. Only a certain number of people per class so they don't let them get out of control with people due to the space. THANK YOU!!!!This is my place. It keeps me feeling good (even if I wake up & don't feel like going. I feel like a million bucks the rest of the day) and I always look forward to the next class.
