5	Every year, the best of the best make the trip from far and wide in a pilgrimage of sorts to a pristine warehouse set against derelict buildings. Coming around the bend, you couldn't imagine that anything could exist in this lot, but there it is... The world headquarters of the Professional - Amateur Pinball Association. PAPA, for short.As soon as you walk through the doors, the atmosphere is ripe with excitement, frustration, joy, superstition, determination, and perseverance. The clanging of electro-mechanical pinball machines harmonizes with the music and sounds of their more modern counterparts. You're immediately greeted with a desk, and a handful of faithful volunteers, who devote their valuable time to make the World Pinball Championship a resounding success year after year.A quick tour of the facility reminds you of where you are. This isn't some second rate arcade, nor is it a first rate arcade... You aren't in someone's basement, nor are you in somebody's private arcade. This is the real deal, and the facility reminds you of that everywhere you go. As you make your way left, there are rows of pinball machines. A quick step down and you are on the delightfully tacky carpet, staring at the machines used for the B and A division of the championship. (Advanced and World Class divisions, respectively) As you stroll further to your left, there is an endless supply of pinball machines, ranging from the very rare "Cactus Canyon," to the all too common "The Addam's Family," to the so obscure I wish it didn't exist at all "Shaq Attaq."You've finally reached a wall, but it isn't the end- Not by a long shot. You've passed four back to back rows of machines, which is more than most have seen in their lifetime... But you haven't even made it a quarter of the way.Crossing a sparse brick partition is the "back room," which takes up more than a third of the facility. In this space are another 200 pinball machines, including the wall of time, showing pinball's progression from the inception of the flipper to the DMD days of today. After shuffling past the 10+ rows of pinball machines, you finally emerge at the other end. To your right is the qualifying bank for the C division, Juniors, Seniors, and Classics. Directly ahead is a wall lined with pinball, and the multimedia center, with computers for use and tables to use your own.And now you've come full circle, back to where magic is made year after year. The A division bank is where the small family of world class players congregate and reunite for a grueling week of pinball. While everyone may be competing against each other, there are no enemies in the pinball world.The place is perfect for anyone who has ever played pinball, and even more perfect for those who never have. Where else do you have such a beautiful selection of the best kept machines at your disposal? It is the ultimate training ground, and the ultimate proving ground, open only twice a year.The owner, Kevin, is a very compassionate person... keeping the pinball spirit alive with the World Pinball Championship, and also does a lot for charity, which the other event is exclusively held for in February. With the help of the amazing Dave, a God-send to the competitive pinball world, they make sure that this place will live on forever in the pristine condition it's always in, come hell or high water... Literally.Whether or not you live in in Pennsylvania, and whether or not you are a serious pinball player, you owe it to yourself to come to the biggest event in the pinball world- If not to compete or watch, to relive the glory days of pinball, and the days that everyone remembers. I've yet to meet a single person who hasn't played pinball, and most people have fond memories of it. Are you one of those? Then PAPA is for you.Keep on flippin'!(Easter Egg: For the dates of the next tournament, if you're anxious to find out and make travel reservations, go to http://www.papa.org/papa13/ )
5	I had heard about this event before, but never imagined I'd get to be there and get to play some of these games! My boyfriend and I just happened to be in Pittsburgh when the PAPA (Professional Amateur Pinball Association) 13 championship was happening and we just happened to be eating at Bocktown Beer & Grill when my friend said that it was nearby. So, we went and our minds were just overwhelmed with awesome. The space is huge and amazing and filled with pinball machines everywhere as far as the eye can see. Since they only open for PAPA championships and special events throughout the year, you should be watching their website like a hawk. Never before have I seen a space that dropped my jaw this low to the ground. This is a pinball wizard's dream!
5	Just awesome.  Professional crew.  Dave and Kevin are great.  I love the games.  One day Joust will work!!  Just found Spectrum, my new favorite game.Its PAPA, the crown champ of Pinball Tournaments.
5	PAPA, as us pinball nerds know it, is the mecca for pinball.  A fantastic facility run by awesome pinball people.  Got to drop by most recently to help pack stuff up for Pinball Expo, but ended up hanging out more and playing some games.  Fantastic organization!
