5	The fact that this location is open on Sundays would be enough to give it 5 stars in my book, but it also happens to be the most convenient, super-affordable way to get great chiropractic care. If you go with the monthly plan, adjustments are $12.25.  It doesn't get much better than that!
5	Excellent experience.  The office is clean, modern and comfortable, the front desk very pleasant and helpful, but most importantly Dr. Brian was knowledgable, gentle and skilled in his adjustments.  Having had chiropractic care my whole life I was unsure about a "chain" store, but will definitely go back and recommend it to others.
5	THis place is great! I need an adjustment every now and then but I live in Scottsdale and my regular Chiropractor is so good that he is always booked up ahead of time, so if I tweek my back unexpectedly I can't get in soon enough quite often. So.. now I have a place to go seven days a week that is every bit as good as my normal Chiro. I have only gone to the weekend chiro but my wife and one of my employees have seen Dr. Brian and they love him. So if you need a good Chiro... go see these guys any day of the week. Try em you'll love em!
5	Cool concept!
5	Ok. I'm a medical doctor and a skeptic in general. Although I think I'm more open minded than other MD's, I think we all tend to have a problem with claims made by certain chiropractors of what they can do (I don't want to have the debate here so I won't go in to it). But Dr. Brian was AWESOME! No hokie claims. Everything was logical and musculoskeletal. He asked appropriate questions to know what he should and shouldn't do. He made me feel comfortable (I'm not experienced in getting these). And used effective distraction so that the cervical adjustment wasn't scary. Most importantly, it felt good after beating my body down with skiing, weight lifting, and hiking. I would do this regularly if had a location convenient to me.
5	I have been going to the Joint since May 2012. I have had many back problems for most of my adult life. I left NY and moved to AZ and was blessed to have found Dr Brian Grow. This guys knows what he is doing. He has a very calm and authoritative manner.He worked on the musculature of my jaw helping me with my TMJ pain and always has some type of suggestion of things I can do on my own. Definitely, a great chiropractor for a seriously great price. Worth it!
4	I was a huge skeptic of quick Chiropractic Care, but this place proved me wrong.  Twice now I have pinched a nerve over the weekend, while exercising at the gym.  Both times I want in for a Saturday or Sunday adjustment and was blown away.  The only difference in these guys and a private practice owner is that they are waiting to find out the effects of ObamaCare, but are setting up a Private Pay business model instead.  Brilliant idea, great service and excellent care.
2	Was hopeful with the great reviews when the wife and kiddo walked into the pet store next door.  I was in severe pain in my neck all day and can not barely move as it feels like a bad pinched nerve in my lower neck or an out of aligned vertebrae.  Long story short I seen this place in the parking lot and was super excited so I didn't have to endure this pain until Tuesday.  Granted I walked in 18 minutes before close, but another gentleman just walked in before me.  I was turned away and told "well here is our hours tomorrow" and that was it.  It says walk ins welcome.. I guess you need to be there before they want to close up shop early.
5	I find it funny that some can walk in actually 10 minutes  before closing want full consultation don't you think that coming earlier would help. If you're a new patient it helps to go in a little earlier so you can get your full attention. At least that's I what did. In Pain sucks, but wanting a doctor to rush through to see sucks worse.  the age of Google look up hours and plan accordingly.
5	greeted with Tea. No upselling. Simple adjustment and advise for the pain. Excellent. Thats what i want a chiropractor to be. V happy and will recommend this place to other.Plus - got a coupon for a shake and iced tea for the shop next door. Truly awesome experience.
5	Dr. Pete Doreen and the entire staff are the best at what they do. Fast, quick and professional and the price is just perfect.
5	Dr Peter Darvas is an excellent chiropractic doc.  He has a unique style and very gifted in identifying and managing troubled areas.  I highly recommend him.  The joint is a walk-in and very affordable option for care.
