1	I recenty went to this Sears Auto to get the A/C "recharged" on my car since the A/C stopped working. I knew my air compressor was ok since it was still blowing warm air at me.  After Sears inspected my 12 year old American car, the quote came out to just over $800 - which would've included a new compressor, hose and freon recharge. I decided to get another opinion and Firestone did the recharge for a total of $117. For a couple weeks now I have functioning A/C in my car and boy am I happy that I didn't let Sears take the job. Extremely disappointed that I was scammed at such a big chain.
1	Only reason I went here is because our car was purchased through DriveTime and their deal comes with 3 free oil changes per year (for the entire 5 year loan btw). Everytime we come here the mechanics tell of us of some leak or part that needs to be replaced. Little does Sears know that I have a personal mechanic on the side. After he inspected it, he informed me that there were, in fact, no leaks. Tsk, tsk!
1	Pretty bad service. Rude guy(493536) in the front. We were told work will be done in 90 mins but the guy took 90 minutes plus to only check if there was something wrong!! And this is a battery check I'm talking about. They told me  battery was bad and would need to be replaced. But  the guys were charging $20 for checking and servicing a new battery...WTF!!! I told these guys to not change the battery and took my car to AZ Auto and those guys found my battery to be perfect. Problem was with the starter assembly which I replaced for $357. Car works perfectly with the old battery that Sears told me was bad.Stay away from this place. These guys are cheats!!!!!This place is a SCAM!!!! Shame on the people that work here!
4	My Die Hard Gold battery that was installed in August of 2010 failed on me this morning.  Jumped my truck to get it started and drove over to Sears Auto at the Chandler Mall.  My Gold battery has a 3 year warranty so I was hopeful that I would get it replaced under warranty.  I was greated by Eric Ramirez (Emp # 467787).  Very professional guy, pleasure to deal with.  We got thru the paperwork and he quoted me about a 1 hour wait.  It was almost exactly 1 hour when they completed the battery replacement and the paperwork was done and I was out of there.  No cost due to the great warranty Sears has on the Gold batteries.  I arrived home and as I always do when work is done on my vehicles, I double check the work.  I am happy to report that all was well; all connections tight, nothing damaged, looked great !  Thanks Sears, you guys did well today.
2	I recently moved to AZ and I needed new tires so I went to this Sears Auto Center. I've had great experience with Sears Auto in the past, but this one was not up to par. My tire service took 7 hours. Turns out, they broke my TPMS light and couldn't fix it...I went back twice after that initial time and spent countless hours both there and at my dealer to get it reset and they still couldn't fix it. Blamed it on a program issue and not having updated software to fix it. Needless to say, I spent way too much time here, got passed off too many times and got nothing accomplished. My dealer ended up taking care of the problem. Won't be back.
1	stopped in to have front brake pads replaced. just had everything replaced less then a year ago just wanted to avoid pads getting too thin and risking damage. they quoted me for two new Roters (less then a year old), brake fluid flush (just had done last week with yearly service) already told them that. went in for two pads they quoted me over $400.00 They didn't want to give me the keys, but I did get them and walked out. I will never be back.
1	Just went there to get four new tires for my car, got to the shop around 9:45 am and the guy told me it would take around 2hrs to be done. So I went and saw a movie and got some lunch and had yet heard from them so after three hours I went back to the shop and it was still on the lift and they had no answers for me about why it is taking so long. Finally after 4 1/2 hours my car was finished. To top it all off my window is broken and told the guy when I got there not to roll it down and of course it was down when I got into my car. So now I have to roll around with my window cracked in 100 degree weather. Stay clear of this place!!!
1	What a circus! I ordered an item online to be picked up in store, so as to avoid lines and cashiers, etc. After waiting in line and dealing with a lengthy process at the register with a guy who seemed has never operated a computer before, two guys finally drag a box out from the back, which I notice right away is the wrong item. So upon further time consuming tinkering with the computer, the employee then tells me the item is not in stock. Get your crap together please for the sake of any further victims of incorrect inventory and poorly trained associates.
1	First off, I am being generous by giving them a 1 star (...and because there isn't a ZERO star option!). Yesterday, I had a screw in one tire that needed to be replaced and it had to be done that same day because I was traveling long distance today. I called to check if they carried my brand of tires and they said "yes" but they would have to call me back because they had a line of customers. Over an hour went by without a call back and it was already 3:30pm, so I decided to just drive there. I waited in line for almost 15 minutes and watched employees either stand around or walk by. When I was finally helped, I was told that my brand of tires is a "special order," which I wish they would have said over the phone. At this point, I asked to simply put a black tire on the car because I needed it done. They were very behind and said it would take over an hour to change my one tire. After 90 minutes, I returned and saw my car up high, with no tire, and no one working on it. I asked what the status was and their response was: "we can't find a tire." Are you kidding me?!? So TWO hours (and lots of frustration) later, my one tire was replaced. DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO LIVE THERE!**By the way, while I waited in line, I heard two other conversations with the response: "we can't find your tires." Seriously!?!? Do you people have a black hole of tires on site?**
5	I'm not that guy who writes a review on just "anything". For me, I use Yelp to call out either "exceptional" service, or "exceptionally poor" service.And I too, read the reviews, to get a perspective of what I'm going to deal with. Or what to expect.Yet, I find it quite "interesting", that in the past month or so, all of a sudden, this auto center is getting these 1 star reviews.(I find it interesting only because I've been going to this shop FOR 5 YEARS because I (finally) found a place I can trust. (Meaning, after I leave, there is no "mysterious" problem that ends up occuring within weeks of the repair.And they have saved me thousands of dollars, as well as standing 100% behind their work.So I ask, "Whats up with the bad reviews guys?"  And went over them, one at a time.June 1st.  First, if there is an accident, and it is determined that the rotors were the cause.  And Sears just replaced the pads, but didn't fix the rotors.  Who pays lawsuit?   Sears.  And Brake Fluid Flush?  Well, anyone that knows about this process, can easily understand the issues with a brake fluid flush done by a budget shop.  Big Difference.Lastly.  Holding the keys?  Can you picture this?  You are at Sears Automotive.  Owned by Sears Holdings.  A historic company doing business for over 120 years.  Over 2000 stores nationally.And the Sears employee is playing Keep-Away with this guys keys?  I mean, C'mon already.June 17th.  OK, Sears get a one star for taking too long, and not complying with a window request. Of course, the technician purposefully wound down the window after getting "explicit instructions". Really?  Does that mean they get 5 stars for simply getting uit done on time, or early?  Do you think that everybody is "yelping" to say "Hey, they did exactly what they said they were going to do"?  No.July 9th-  OK...I agree.  Mr. H had every right to express dissatisfaction with 1 star in this case. July 20th....OK...now c'mon.  When your yelp name is Unhappy C, that already sounds like someone with a motive.- Read it.  Really? "Oh, but we are really busy/" Really?  As if.   And "Unhappy C certainly could call out Blakes name, but dont you find it interesting that the guy who "pissed Unhappy C off" said "Oh, but we are really busy." doesnt have a name? known in the review as "Customer Rep" Yet, this type of review is allowed to post?  Wow!LASTLY, July 23rd, "Generous" Ms B. Read it.  Did anyone notice t hat this customer was advised that they had a "LINE OF CUSTOMERS"??  Hello??  And they didn't call back?  Hmmm.. Think it is possible that the line of customers meant they were very busy?  Yeah, I think I would go there after they didn't call back...And, also see that THEY WERE STILL BUSY WHEN I GOT THERE!  And of course, the "employees standing around"?  Heaven knows that those employees couldn't have been service technicians that do not deal with the customers on the floor.  And then after seeing my car up on the jack with no tire, there is no way that they were just trying to work me in fast, while they were searching for the tire I was looking for.  When they say they carry the brand, should one assume they care every size in that brand?  No Ms B.  I dont want to live there, but only beleive it's unfortunate that we cannot give YOU a one star review.I hope you read this.  I know with certainty that this operation has the integrity, and work ethic of the highest standards.  But am saddened to see these type of reviews.  Again, I dont write reviews just for the sake of writing them. If a business does their job, then (in my mind) no review is necessary.  Apparantly I'm wrong in this case.  If this business received reviews from every customer they served, I would guarantee the average would still be 5 stars regardless of the complaints.
2	I was the first person in the door at 9am and was told that it would get done right away because there was no wait. I watched the mechanic bring the vehicle into the shop and let it sit in his bay for 45 minuets while he walked around texting, and joking with his coworkers. Here I am an hour later, while I'm watching my oil drain and watching the tech that's working on my vehicle again joking with his coworkers. While the vehicle that was here a half hour after mine has already been completed. Total time of an hour and a half... For an oil change?! Come on man!!
1	Took my car in for a new battery.  The told me it would take less than a hour.  I wait an hour walk up front and the short little guy says do you want me to check on your car.  I look out front door and my car is in same spot.  I tell the guy my car is right there.  Right away he apologizes then says can I wait 20 min.  Which it did not take 20 minutes. Much longer.   I will never go back in the place was empty and my car took 1:45 min for a battery change
1	Keep having to come back for follow-up work. Last time got some tires and had to bring the car back to get balanced; and hour wasted. This is basic stuff that should have been done when the tires were put on.Update: An hour and twenty minutes later I went up to the front to ask the associate if the car was ready, and his reply, "well we haven't gotten your Car in yet." This is from the same person who told me, " we'll have you in and out within the hour."Just tell your customer that you are running behind; that's not that hard, so they can make changes to their plans.Go to the Sears Auto near Fiesta Mall; excellent customer service.
1	Well I can't say I am surprised at my experience after reading other reviews.I ordered a new battery for my car yesterday that they wouldnt allow shipping pn and sears emailed me telling me I could pick it up today. I happened to be on yelp this morning before I went to pick up the battery and that already made me not excited about picking it up based on bad reviews.So I drive over and walk in. No one really in the shop and a couple of employees talking to each other, no big deal. I walk up to the counter and one of them asks me how he can help. I explained that I just needed to pick up a battery I ordered online. He asked me if i wanted it installed, which by the way is very easy to do and after reading the reviews I never want them to touch my car. Ever. I tell him no and he lets it go fairly quickly. He then proceeds to tell me the total is $15. I told him I already paid online and didn't understand why I needed to pay again. He explains that it's for the battery core recycling. Confused, I asked why I would be charged that when I am not even having Sears install the battery? Why would I need to pay a fee for Sears to recycle a battery core Sears dont even have?Instantly he says, "you can talk to a manager about the fee if you need." Instead of arguing I went ahead and just paid for this ridiculous fee for something they aren't even doing for me and left.Based on my experience I will not be returning, ever. Not only that, but if they are going to charge me a fee for something they didn't even do, I can't imagine what they charge and dont do if you bring your car to get worked on.
5	I started coming to Sears Auto because my previous mechanic was untrustworthy and shady. Any shop you go to, there are going to be some sort issues for the customer. Issues with the cost, issues with the wait, or issues with service. In the last 2 years I've been coming here, I've had a very pleasant experience. The associates are friendly and thoughtful to my concerns. Price is fair enough in comparison to competitors and overall a great shop.
