2	The worst customer service I have ever dealt with in the airline industry. They have absolutely no contingency plans if an airplane has to be grounded. Myself and several dozen others had to be left overnight at a Best Western because our plane had mechanical trouble, and never once did anyone consider using any of the other empty, ready-to-go and exactly similar airplanes at the airport we were grounded at. I called their service department to see if they were going to do anything to compensate us for the poor service, and the third person I was forwarded to told us that it wasn't their responsibility to compensate or make things right - it was the airport's responsibility. I had to hang up immediately as talking to another one of their brainless representatives.The only saving grace is that the pilots and flight attentant on our grounded flight were fantastic people and made the best of a poor situation. But I lost a day off my incredibly tight schedule and AA's customer 'service' didn't blink an eye. A few weeks later they sent me some frequent flyer miles on an account that I don't even know how to access. I doubt I'll be using them, or intentionally flying on American ever again.
3	Customer service is everything. Walked up to the gate agent and asked if there were outlets. Now you see them a lot in areas set aside for charging stations. At the AA gates in Charlotte they were along the wall. No big deal, but the guy barely looked up and said, you'll just have to find them. Noticed when AA employees walked up to him, he was as nice as could be. Evelyn, the gate agent at our gate, sharing the same desk walks up and couldn't be nicer to everyone who came up to her. That was refreshing. He would make this two stars and she makes it four. Have to meet in the middle.
1	I don't have enough time and characters to list the multitudinous ways in which I was majorly screwed over by this airline.  Every one of the numerous employees I encountered was rude and useless.  To top it off, while I was being jerked around with misinformation and contradicting excuses they were busy putting my luggage on the wrong flight.  My experience with American Airlines was a nightmare right out of a Kafka novel.  I highly recommend avoiding this airline if you can.
3	CRAPPY travel day. Delayed flights, canceled flights, canceled hotel, lost baggage...it goes on...I was a jerk to Donald Warren the gentlemen who was the baggage counter manager. He found my bag, took good care of me, and ensured that I made it back to my hotel safely.He was a good man. It was his last day at the baggage counter as he was promoted to flight attendant and was leaving to train in TX. His actions really touched me. I even wrote a letter to my company talking about the lessons learned and I hope to speak about it at our upcoming conference. American Airlines, please remember the actions of one person can change a life, remember that no matter the business its all about people, not shareholders, not profits. And please recognize Donald Warren. (5 stars for Donald Warren!)
1	If I could give negative stars for something I would. I spent 5.5 hours on the phone with American Airlines customer service after they canceled my flight from NYC to chicago due to weather. It took me being on hold 4 times to get anyone on the phone to help me to any end means. After 3 hours of holding and having two flights canceled a service rep told me she could get me out on another airline the next morning and that she would check the status and she " wouldn't leave me hanging". She then promptly hung up on me. Two hours later when I finally waited my turn in the interminable phone cue for the third time, I was informed that there were no more flights available until Sunday. In the two hours caused by AA customer service incompetence the flights had filled up and the airline could not get me out for three days. LGA is not closed for 3 days but Due to AA incompetence that is the best they could do. I was offered a full refund for the tickets but no other compensation or restitution for time lost, hotels, etc.  It's no wonder that airlines cannot make money when they are so poorly run and the services they provide are so haphazard and disorganized. Bottom Line:  Fly any airline but American Airlines/ US Airways. I have never had such a horrible customer service experience in my life.
5	I had a great experience with several ladies at the ticket desk this evening. Grateful to be home! Thank you!
3	I wish I would have been flying an actual AA flight, but I was put onto a US Airways plane and it sucked.  I was really bummed, they haven't  been good for quite a long time.  Hopefully I'll get on an AA flight on my way back.
