5	We bought an Amazon voucher for $99 that gave us 1/4 of a truck (supposedly a $247 value). We had a large pile of bricks, old cement blocks, tree limbs, bags of shingles, sticks, and other random yard refuse. We called and they quickly got us an appointment for the next day. They (Matt & Chris) showed up exactly on time and reviewed our pile and said they could take care of it for an additional $100 on top of our voucher. This was fine with us, as for $199 total cost they would do the hauling and loading of all that for us whereas our other only option was to get a dumpster for about $240 and do it ourselves. Anyhow, they were very friendly and got to work, constantly providing updates. Unfortunately, as they moved down the pile they ran into a bee nest, and one of them was allergic. However, they very kindly proceeded forward and just avoided the main bee area (note to others, inspect and SPRAY before these guys arrive). Anyhow, our load definitely took much more than 1/4 of the truck and they felt they had underestimated a little and didn't realize the number of bricks on the bottom of the pile, so we both agreed to up the final price to $150 additional on top of the voucher. So, this ended up being about the same cost to us, but we didn't do any of the work. Gave them each $10 for their help and hard work, and our yard is almost back to looking good (except the little pile still remaining for us to do Bee Battle with).Overall, these are good folks and provide you an estimate up front, so we were pleased.
5	Although I have not had these gentlemen haul anything yet, I have spoken with them and was even at their location today. They were all very friendly, eager to work and excited to get their name out. If you need help moving, getting rid of junk, or anything of the sort, you should absolutely call Joe at 1-800-haul-out. They're a team of young professionals who will get the job done quickly and with ease. I really don't see why anyone would go anywhere else!
5	Got a great deal on this company from LivingSocial. They honored it no problem, almost seemed to expect it. Two younger guys showed up on time and I had them move an organ (piano) for me through a few rooms and down a few stairs. They tossed it in the truck and now its not my problem anymore. Pricing starts at $140, but if you get a good coupon it won't cost you too much afterward. I wouldn't hesitate to call these guys again.
5	I had an appointment this past weekend with Jay and Jerin from 1800HaulOut in Pittsburgh.  They were on time, even a little early, but called in advance to make sure that was ok. They were both very nice young men and they were very patient while hauling heavy awkward furniture out of my three story apartment with narrow doorways. It was also very easy to make an appointment for the date and time I wanted and a rep even called a couple days in advance to confirm it. I got rid of everything that I needed to, so I don't plan on needing this service again for a long time, but I will definitely recommend them to family, friends, and coworkers. This was a huge help.
5	The team of Bret and Greg arrived on a Saturday morning.  They were prompt, courteous and removed a garage full of furniture and old sports equipment without any problems.  I will not hesitate to call them for future removals.
5	I was totally surprised and very happy with the service from this company. Justin and Jay were great. They were polite, efficient and helpful. they showed up on time and were actually waiting a few minutes for me. It would've taken me many hours and lots of sore muscles to clean out the house. The made sure that everything was done to my satisfaction which it was, again thank you for a great job. The price was fair for the work that was done, total cost was $450.I would absolutely recommend this company to anyone who needed a house cleaned out or things removed excellent job boys.
5	11/7/14:  This was the 4th time that I engaged the services of 1-800-Haul-Out.   The team is very professional.  They always arrive on time; they are flexible and do a thorough job. The first 3 times I used their services, Joe and Chris were the assigned drivers for clean-up duty and always did a great job. Yesterday, Al and Jay were the assigned drivers for the clean-up duty. They were at the site for 2 hours and did a great job.   I recommend the services of this company.  Although Joe and Chris have moved to other position for this company, I would not hesitate to request the services of Al and Jay for my next engagement.  Thank you - Maria S.
1	This was the MOST ridiculous & WASTE of money! I bought a Groupon to get $100 worth of removal... Which I guess it's $100 off. I needed 2 TVs removed from my living room. Well I guess "the load" would have been 1/8 of a load so $187 so w my $100 off $87 to have 2 TVs removed. I was furious because that is absurd! So for my $100 I was able to have 1 TV removed. I cannot complain about the workers they were very nice, but what a RIP OFF!!!
5	Used groupon and got $100 worth of trash & recyclables removed for $19.  Grant and Jay were totally awesome.    Pricing is easy to determine by the graphic on their website, so I felt confident that I was getting the groupon deal as advertised.  Response time was great.  Call one day and service was provided the very next date.  They even called the morning of to confirm.  1.800.Haul.Out is a great stress buster.
