4	The Omni is located downtown, but convenient to 376 for easy access in and out of the neighborhood. They offer $5 parking across the street on weekends, which is one of the best rates I've seen at a nice hotel. (Valet is $25) The lobby of the hotel is beautiful, with high ceilings and traditional furniture. The staff was somewhat preoccupied, though. The bellhop totally dissed me and they didn't have a non-smoking room ready for me, (and wouldn't for hours) so I had to take smoking. It actually didn't smell like smoke though, and I got a corner room, which is always nice. The rooms are smaller than what I would have expected for Pittsburgh though.
4	A historic building and comfortable, clean rooms.
5	This place is beautiful.  It used to be the Westin William Penn a few years ago.  When they built the new Westin, Omni came in and took over.Everything about this place is absolutely breathtaking.  My husband and I stayed here the night before and the night of my wedding.  We had a Junior Suite that seemed a lot more like a Giant Suite, and they sent us flowers and Champagne for the celebration.  We had a corner room with a phenomenal view.  The toiletries were Molton Brown.  They have afternoon tea. The Omni has thought of absolutely everything to make your stay perfect.
1	For a hotel that prides itself on its beauty and service, I would expect much, much more.  We arrived near the check-in time, and we were told that our room would be available "very shortly."  The woman at the front desk took our cell phone number and said she would call us back  right away.  We had already parked the car, so based upon what she said, we got a coffee and sat in the lobby...patiently.  After 35 minutes, I went back to the front desk, and the man at the front desk apologized--said that they weren't sure when the room would be ready---but that they would call as soon as it was ready.    So......we waited.  After waiting another hour, we went to the front desk again, and--lo and behold (?!)--the room was ready.  Huh?  So much for that instant communication.   On the few times we've been at similarly-priced hotels, when something like that has happened, the staff has been very accommodating--offering something to make up for their lack of organization.  No such attention here.  If they had told us that the room wouldn't be ready for that length of time--we would have done something, not just hung out in the lobby, waiting around and wasting time.  Our room was large, but very dark; it was in one of the inner corridors [check photo of hotel] so if you do go, request an outer, not an inner room.  The lighting was so dim that despite turning on all the lamps in the room, it was still quite difficult to get any work done at the desk or read.  The room was cavernous, but the bathroom was tiny!  You couldn't blow dry your hair without bumping into the wall.  Granted, the hotel lobby is specatacular, and we should know since we spent so much time waiting there!  But the rest of the hotel seemed a little worn....and the service itself was pleasantly indifferent.  One more thing.......after paying the room rate they charge, it's insulting to have bottled water in the room "for your enjoyment" at a charge of $5.00 a bottle.  Give me a break!!  We won't be going back when we're in Pittsburgh.
4	This place is old. Old like it becomes a landmark, a benchmark to others, like the decor is something you saw once as a kid and said one day i'll get to stay in this nice place as your drive by on the way to motel #.  This is a downtown hotel and also centered in and around historic Pittsbugh. You can walk and find out about this once fur trading outpost. It is also close to many muesums, shops, sports complexes and restaurants. There is a merto light rail stop acrossNow old, this means a great lobby where people meet whether staying there or not. The jewelry store is just behind the elevators in case you need something real shinny for a night ou. The Starbucks is there and large, the Terrace Room(restaruan and small bar)is also just off. The lobby has it's white marble and brass accents. It's fairly large and gets a little confusing. The Tap Room is a nice little tavern just up and around one so obvious corner. Thank goodness for signs. Reviewed later.  The hotel staff is very helpful but might not be as outgoing for some. Ask and they will aid you in detail  It is a reminder of midwest lifestyle. The rooms can be large or small but they are nice. You may get a smoking room but as my friend did, change rooms.  The rooms are clean. The staff cleans daily and replaced my towels even though i had them hung up to be used again.  The gym is hard to find. It seems like the room had been somthing private at one point. It is the only one that I've worked out in with a fireplace and chairs in front. The room is large and the cardio equip.  was rugged enough.This place doesn't have a view as it is downtown among the other office buildings. Yet, it's easy walking to many places. Southside is one suggestion along with Andy Worhal Muesum. **Tap Room** the hotel pub is on a little back floor. Easy to find the second time. The place reminds me of a long ago cigar and brandy room. The selection for drinks is nice, I had a little bit of home(Cleveland) Great Lakes - Burning River. There is plenty of seating and at least one server. Order off the room service menu. The place is open as late as any in the city.FYI -  there is a culinary school in the building.
5	What a killer place to stay!!This hotel is classy, nice and accommodating. The people are nice that work there and the service was great.I like the nice combo of an old hotel but the essentials are modernized so that you stay is very comfortable.It's centrally located in downtown Pittsburgh and it was an easy walk to the stadiums and South Side.The 49ers actually were staying at this hotel for there game ad that was an extra bonus for my son and I.On my next visit this is where I'm staying!!
4	Something about pretentiousness and Pittsburgh seems like a disquieting oxymoron. I mean, come on.... really? Okay, I'll bite. The place is too pretty to fight it.We got a room on Priceline back in July for $80 through their "Name Your Own Price" service (select downtown, select 4 star hotel, cross your fingers that you don't get the Renaissance. http://www.priceline.com). The regular rate is something ridiculous like $250, which I would never pay in a million years. No offense to the Omni.. I'm just the cheapest woman alive.The valet was quick and friendly. The lobby was stunning. The room was spacious and comfortable.The bathroom was big and had notable water pressure. Macy's is across the street! Cha-ching. It is now my preferred hotel for visits back home.
5	I'm a priceline junkie and I love getting rates on great hotels from coast to coast. The Omni is easily the best on Priceline for Pittsburgh. The rooms are huge. The lobby is stunning. Even the bar downstairs has some great food. Downtown Pittsburgh is a ghosttown after dark, so the cheap parking at the garage next door is a definate "must" for those on a budget, because you'll be driving to get to anything worth going to.Robes in the closet are good enough to take home, but the star of the show is the monster bed that I would happily spend the rest of my life in.
3	This is a four-star hotel that offers a ton of deals on hotwire and priceline. We got ours on Hotwire. The lobby is spectacular. The staff is friendly. There is a nail salon and starbucks on site. The room itself is spacious but the bathroom was tiny. The bed linens were good but the mattress was too firm for me. Nothing like the dream mattress at the Westin. But the kicker was that the walls are so thin. When the rooms on either side of us took a shower I thought we were being invaded or something it was SO loud. Luckily they were quick bathers and it only lasted for about 20 minutes each time but it was enough to wake us up. We had tea in the Terrace Room and it was decent but nothing to write home about. Definitely wasn't worth $22. I didn't think this hotel was worth 4 stars it wasn't much better than a Marriott.
5	I wouldn't even have the opportunity to stay at this beautiful hotel if it wasn't for Hotwire. I loved almost everything about the Omni William Penn: the location, the lobby, the furniture, the Starbucks next to the lobby, the friendly service, and the hotel bar. You're right downtown with PNC Park, Andy Warhol Museum and some good restaurants not too far from the hotel. There is a parking garage conveniently located across the street. When you immediately step into the lobby you will fall in love with this hotel. It is beautiful. The Omni William Penn is one of those grand hotels from yesteryear that fortunately are still around. There are plenty of comfortable chairs and couches to lounge around in. I just wanted to hang out in the lobby all day. The hotel bar is great too with its wood paneling and old-time atomosphere. If you ever visit Pittsburgh go for the Omni William Penn first, it is well worth it.
2	A beautiful building and comfortable room, however...Upon returning to my room after getting dinner on Tuesday night, there was a small housekeeping cart outside my room and I found the TV on when I entered.  I found that a bit odd since housekeeping had already come through in the morning.I later discovered that all the change in my room was gone along with my sunglasses.  They left my laptop because I suppose that would have been too conspicuous if that was gone.Physically comfortable but, obviously, not a completely trustworthy staff.  Will not return.
4	The Omni William Penn has two decent places to eat:The Terrace Room is something you'd see in a bigger city: a large palm-tree filled room with a high ceiling and murals painted on the walls.  This is a great work-lunch place with consistently good food, and excellent service. The waiters are top notch.  The menu rotates fairly frequently, but I would recommend any of the pork/steak dishes that they're continually updating. The Tap Room has more of a pub feel to it, with a lot of old wood, a nice little bar, and about 20 tables. Do yourself a favor and get the fish and chips at least once. They have a decent enough beer selection, and share a kitchen with the Terrace Room.
3	If I hadn't gotten the elusive Hotwire deal for the Omni, I would've been stuck paying 50% more, and liking this place a bit less.  The lobby and downstairs area is gorgeous, and all staff that I encountered were very friendly.  The room, however, was a bit small and cramped.  For the money I paid, the Omni was excellent, but I don't think it's worth the usual rate they charge.Really liked that they provided bathrobes, even though I didn't get a chance to try them out :(  That's not to say I didn't shower, just that I forgot to use the bathrobe afterwards!  I'm clean and smell great, I swear!
4	I had a good stay here. It was a bit more than I wanted to spend, but it's evidently hard to get a hotel in this town when there's a Steelers game. The exterior and lobby of the hotel are beautiful and very old world. There's a nice elegance to the place. The room was large, sufficiently clean, and very quiet. Except for the charge for internet, which is a pet peeve of mine, they generally don't nickel and dime you. In fact, I didn't even leave the gift shop feeling ripped off (though I'm used to paying NYC prices for things.) I can't recommend the restaurants in the hotel, but you are close to Sonoma Grille. The hotel is downtown, though, which is a dump. Everything closes early and it gets decided seedy as it gets dark. If your business in Pittsburgh isn't downtown, I might stay in another neighborhood.
5	It looks like Hotwire is how most people got into this place, from reading the other reviews. I think TY got it for $99 or possibly even something more ridiculous like that. From valet to check-in, everyone was really nice. Ironically, concierge was the only one who was a little stand-off-ish for some reason. The lobby is beautiful, the beds are huge, and the bathroom was tiny but had all the necessities. Good water pressure. Room service was right on time in the morning and breakfast was actually hot and really good. Usually you get limpy bacon, moist toast and runny eggs, but it was all well done. Valet was $27, but cheap compared to the $40 in Philadelphia at the Sheraton.When we were there, they were just kicking off their Festival of Lights, which consisted of various light shows throughout the city. The OWM was the first stop and when we checked into the hotel, there was a huge projector that cascaded a floral mural onto the entire front of the hotel. It was pretty amazing.I would definitely stay there again.
3	Lobby is beautiful.  Hotel Gym is good for a hotel.  Starbucks inside.  24 hour room service (life saver when my flight arrived at 2am from the west coast and I was really hungry).  I paid a corporate rate, so can not comment on worth for cost.  Room was clean, comfortable and big enough.Neighborhood could be a bit better unless you are going to a game - then it is in the perfect location to get to the stadium.
4	A great hotel!  Very, very, very nice place.  The wife booked via Hotwire for ~$105/ night.  I feel like we got a great deal and were underpaying for the quality this hotel provides.  We were able to check in early without a problem and were given a corner room.  The room was huge....king bed with a sitting chair, sofa and coffee table, and three windows.  The pillows were AWESOME!  We both loved those...it was like sleeping on mashed potatoes (in the best way possible).The location would be great if you were hitting up a Pens, Pirates, or Steelers game.  There isn't a whole lot in terms of nightlife or eating in the immediate vicinity but there is shopping.  However, there are three dining options in the hotel itself.  If you wanted to walk a bit you can get down to Market square and about a mile or so away is the Strip area which is a pretty cool area.I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel if you can get the Hotwire rate.
4	The Omni William Penn Hotel definitely has the best hotel employees I have ever encountered.  Everywhere I went, from the maids, lobby clerks, to the bellhops...they all asked me how my stay was.  They were all eager to help and ready to answer any question I had.Pittsburgh is an old town and thus, the hotel reflected that.  It isn't old such that there are cobwebs and ghosts in the attic but rather colonial old money.  You get a feeling that you are of the Bourgeoisie class staying here.  Men & women in suits and dresses  litter the lobby area.I cannot comment on the pricing because I was here on my company dime.  I also did not try the food/room service.Bath & room items were always replenished on need.  Linens were changed.  Free HBO on TVs.The hotel foyer & lobby area has a starbucks for coffee addicts and an obligatory overpriced gift shop for those wanting to purchase a Steelers Terrible Towel for $11.99.
4	Here for the Society for Industrial Archeology Annual Conference. I like  this "grand dame", lots of character in the public spaces, surprisingly large room, great bathroom. Free WiFi if you answer correctly, or have foresight. Block from 28X bus ($2.60 to/frm PIT), next to transit hub: don't rent a car, and enjoy a compact urban setting. Starbucks in the lobby to take care of my jet lag and 13 hr trip from SJC :-(For those not familiar with PA's "quaint" laws, the nearest state store is at 4th and Smithfield.
4	Priceline- 80 bucks.  Pick a 4 star in downtown Pittsburgh and you'll get either the Omni or the Renaissance.  Within walking distance of all downtown activities.  Use the self-park across the street and avoid the valet charge of $28/day.  Great gym (bigger than some condo fitness centers).  Nail salon and Starbucks in the hotel.
4	This is an elegant, old style hotel.  The lobby is amazing, with extremely high ceilings, grand chandelliers, quaint couches and tables, and nice artwork.The rooms are very huge and luxurious.  Large.  The hotel has a top notch gym, and a lively pub.It is centrally located in the center of downtown Pittsburgh.
4	This review is for the Tap Room - I stayed at the Doubletree next door.  I was in town on business, so I went for a nice beer and burger.  This was a small place within walking distance - definitely convenient for guests of the Omni or surrounding hotels.  The bartender was a nice guy, and he actually knew what he was doing.  The burger was good, and they had a few nice local beers on tap.  The TVs were up a little higher up so my neck kinda hurt after a while.  Oh well.  Definitely recommend it if you're looking for a laid back place and a glass of beer.
4	Great, old hotel with modern amenities.Beautiful lobby, friendly staff, clean rooms, good location and near shopping and transit.  You can usually get good deals on the internets, so shop around.There really is no better place to stay in Pittsburgh.
4	Excellent Ornate Dame of the Burg!Hubby and I stayed for New Years Eve and explored town. First Night Festivities were fun and friendly. Hotel itself was a great base of operations to set up at and explore the city.We had a standard room with a king - linens and pillows were super comfy! Bathrobes were nice touch too. Bathroom was on the small side but clean and elegant. Loved the big flat screen TV too. Go to breakfast in The Terrace Room at the hotel. The room is elegant and beautiful and the pancakes are great!Will def come back and recommend to friends.
4	I stayed at the Omni William Penn Hotel for only one night while on business. The hotel itself is very nice, there is a restaurant and a Starbucks in the lobby. The room was amazing! The closet was large and had an automatic light that came on when the door was opened. There were two large beds, with fluffy duvets. The bathroom was large, with lots of counter space. I was impressed with the towels, they were a little on the thin a scratchy side, but they were big - large enough to wrap up in them! We were centrally located in downtown and had a great stay - we didn't see or hear any one else on our floor, but I knew they were there from the newspapers on the ground.
3	I stayed here over a weekend last summer.  The room was nothing special- pretty typical stuff. I loved the style of the atrium.  There is a bar in the lobby but prepare to be ripped off.  Not much else to do in walking distance.  Parking is across the street.
4	Priceline- 75 bucks.  Pick 4 star.  Nice room.  Mirrored walls which added to the room's atmosphere.  Gym still in good shape and the full-service Starbucks on-site is a nice touch.  Self park across the street remains the way to go as well.  I really like this place and the folks that work here are super friendly.  WiFi is the only negative- 9.95/day in the room.
5	Oh man, I loved this hotel. Super nice and helpful staff. Large room with really comfy beds. Very clean and nicely decorated. The lobby is huge and beautiful and has a Starbucks and gift shop. I'm usually a little skeeved out by hotels, but I felt completely comfortable here. I didn't want to leave. We found an amazing deal on Priceline. I would have happily paid double.
5	Great hotel located right in downtown Pittsburgh.  It's close to everything, hockey arena 3 blocks away, baseball, and football about 10-15 min walk.  Great restaurants nearby and inside the hotel.  The strip district is also a short walk maybe 20 min, also check out the Heinz Museum, which has sports, steelworking, heinz products, and special events.The hotel itself is very beautiful.  The staff is very nice.  The room was a bit tight but adequate.  The closet was cavernous, but the living area was small, as was the bathroom.They valet your car for $27 a night, but if you stay the weekend, parking is $5 a day in the municiple lot across the street.
5	I stayed at the Omni while attending a convention in downtown Pittsburgh. I got the Omni because the Westin was booked....I'm glad it was. The Omni has great location, very gracious staff and awesome rooms. The rooms are not huge, but like the rest of the hotel, the are beautifully decorated. I loved the hotel and if I return to Pittsburgh, I will stay here again. I think the only thing they could add would be an airport shuttle.
4	i have been coming here for a conference for 7 years.  The rooms are terrific, the staff are amazing, it has a great restaurant - the Terrace room and a Starbucks.  The hotel has played host to presidential hopefuls like John F Kennedy - the staff have better details and are glad to share their stories.  Many of the people that work here have been here forever and they can tell the stories first hand.I would have given it a 5 but they could not get my heat going the last time i was there - there climate control systems are a little antiquated so i froze my butt off - less than 55 in the room.If you like classic older - full of character hotels this is the place to be.  Style and class are everywhere.
4	Last minute booking while on my way to Greenville, SC. and I'm not disappointed. I love this place. Built in the 1920s, it has that old world feel with all the modern amenities. The rooms are spacious and quiet and the staff is super friendly. If you're visiting steel-town, this is the place to stay.
5	Great Thanksgiving brunch.  Live music, wonderful selection of soups, salads, meats and dessert.  Great staff who accomodated 6 of us on short notice!
5	Arrived around 10am, freezing and exhausted from flying all night. I always check in early at Omnis because they typically allow it for members of their Select Guest program, but I wasn't on the express check-in board yet. Luckily, a gentleman at the front desk, Steven, quickly found me a room and even offered a nice little upgrade to a renovated room. He was very professional and friendly, making small talk about weather. I got my keys and headed up to the room.The hallways are kind of a maze, but there are zillions of direction signs everywhere. I found my room in a corner (per my preferences) and settled in. The guests next door were talking and swearing loudly and slamming their door, but they must have been checking out, because I didn't hear them again. Phew!The room was pretty spacious, with a big closet and a window that peers into rooms across the hall. Kind of creepy, but who doesn't love spying on their neighbors? There are a lot of food choices in the hotel. There's a Starbucks near the front desk (Steven had to help me find it, but I don't know how I missed it--it's huge!) and a number of hotel restaurants and a lounge. There is a stairway and special entrance to a Bruegger's bagel shop that serves all kinds of sandwiches and has vegetarian options, unlike the more expensive Terrace Room.My entire stay was flawless. The location can't be beat--it's within walking distance of pretty much everything in downtown Pittsburgh, including Primanti Brothers and Consol Energy Center, which were very important stops for my visit. :) The doormen were very helpful in helping us find stores that were open "late" (I live in Vegas, so the idea that anything closes before midnight is beyond me.) The hotel probably has the friendliest housekeeping staff ever. They very kindly accommodated my roomie's request for a second ice bucket to keep the rest of the Yuengling cold. We're classy travelers.Complimentary beverages were delivered right on time, bill was correct and the free wifi was good enough to watch videos. I thought it was neat that the hotel has HBO, although it doesn't have Versus, which would have been nice. Overall, fantastic stay, will definitely be back for my next trip to the Burgh.
4	Very beautiful hotel and was wowed the moment i stepped into the hotel. The people who work there are very very nice and the accomodations are wonderful. It is by far one of the most beautiful hotels I've ever seen.
5	Yes, I cameback and it's true, oh so true. This Omni oozes service and is just so fun.
4	I was in town for a weekend of partying.  This place posed the perfect home base.  Close to Southside, station square as well as the all the attractions of downtown p-burgh.  Rooms are big and very clean, felt like home. The staff was very friendly, very helpful, only complaint is that the wireless isnt included in the room fee, and its a kinda slowwww connection, could have just been my room.  Overall, id stay here again.
5	This is a great hotel in downtown pittsburgh.  The lobby is incredible, it is close to everything.  I don't see any negatives with this hotel for what it is offering.
5	It is worth it to your life experience to stay here.  The bar is wonderful.  When I was there with some friends, we saw a wedding party.  People were celebrating and mingling and in the accompanying band there was a man in a panda outfit.  He was just so furry and friendly.  The accommodation of small moments as these are what I like to remember about the time I spent at the Omni.The pillows were double-stuffed and feather duvet and the furniture was of dark, heavy wood.  A full-length mirror hung on the wall, so you could see yourself living in a place like this.  Since these details are secondary, I do not have to remember them, although sometimes the examined facts support the value of staying here.  I have seen this place in the pages of lifestyle magazines, and it remains a fantasy bedroom that stays mirage-like but lasting in my mind.
5	Wow!  This is a gorgeous, downtown hotel with old world class and updated features.  Sometimes pricey old hotels impress with their beautiful lobbies and lounges, but disappoint with tiny guest rooms and outdated decor.  The Omni William Penn strikes a perfect balance between comfort and luxury.I might be more easily impressed than some, because I typically cannot afford hotels on this level.  But this room was part of a conference package, and I wasn't paying!$14 per night for parking in a central location seems like a steal to me, and it's $27 for valet with in/out privileges.  Not bad by most big city standards.  As others have said, very convenient location in the center of downtown, but the hotel itself has a Starbucks, a pub, and a full service restaurant.  And finally, this might seem strange, but I could not get over the fragrance of the lobby.  If they were selling bottles, I would have snapped one up!
4	I know it's weird to write a review for a hotel in the same city you live in....a hotel you live about 10 minutes from....but I have had the pleasure of staying here once before and visiting the hotel for other reasons multiple times and it's always been a lovely time (say that with a proper British accent in your head!). Many moons ago, when I worked for Starbucks, I worked some shifts in the hotel.  I think I was convinced to pick up the shift on a promise that celebrities stay here when they're in town.  Sadly, no celebrities visited during my short shift.  Sniff, sniff.  But, it is nice to have a Starbucks conveniently located in your hotel for that morning pick me up!I feel as if this hotel actually packs a lot of amenities in with all the stores and quick services it has right inside the actual hotel.  You can pick up a coffee at the Bucks, get your nails did at the salon or enjoy a pretty fabulous Sunday brunch all a few steps away from each other!I'm a HUGE fan of high teas and they offer a pretty great high tea service Monday - Saturday 2:30 p.m. - 4:30 p.m.  It includes a great selection of teas and of course freshly baked scones with clotted cream (YUM!), tea sandwiches and some little chocolates.  I would actually visit the hotel just for their tea service (hint: go for high tea sometime soon Pittsburghers!).I've also been to a couple gala's in the grand hall.  It has an old feel to it, very elegant and classy in a way most modern ballrooms (like a Marriott or Sheraton) don't offer.  I would HIGHLY suggest these ballrooms if you're looking for that kind of theme for a gala or if you're planning a wedding.  If you're ever up around the hotel, I encourage you to just take a peak around.  Maybe you'll be lucky enough to actually run into a celebrity!  Then I'll REALLY be jealous of you!!
5	This was an excellent experience.  The place is historic and elegant. Our room was very nice, clean, updated and had all the nice extra's like robes and an flatscreen.What I really like was how we were treated.  We did a priceline (on a whim) and the staff treated us like any other full paying customer.  I have been to places where that is not the case..  Good Job all the way around Omni William Penn Hotel and Staff..
4	I would never pay the full listed price to stay here but if you can almost always score a priceline deal for half. Do that, and you have yourself a great room with a pretty hot deal. To sweeten the deal, make sure you look for the underground garage across the street. Make a right at the first light after the front of the hotel, it'll be on your right. Self parking is conveniently located and will save you a ton!The rooms are small and cramped compared to what I'm normally getting for that price but the location and friendly staff more than make up for it. Mostly location. You can walk to something different for days from this hotel! And if that's not your thing, there's plenty of bus lines and cabs right out front.If I ever need to stay downtown again, I'll definitely try to score at the Omni again.
5	Got a GREAT deal by naming my own price on Priceline. Check-in went smoothly, as they let us check in about 3 hours early.The lobby is extremely nice, and the rooms aren't bad either. They're a tad on the small size, but not unreasonable for the downtown locale. The rooms have nice new flatscreen TVs and nice clean bathrooms.The location is top-notch, central to everything you might want to do in Pittsburgh. I will admit that the walls are pretty thin, though this didn't turn out to be an issue. They have two "ambient noise" channels on the TV that I liked a lot.I can't comment on any of the restaurants, but I did go to the Starbucks one morning. It was pretty average for a Starbucks. Lastly, there appeared to be several weddings happening in the hotel the first night of my visit. I imagine that any Saturday night during the summer months this place will be swamped with wedding-goers.
4	I can't speak to the value, since my employer always picks up the tab when I stay here, but I really love staying here because of its history and charm. Superb location, beautiful architecture and design touches, and a feeling that you've stepped back in time to a more genteel era without sacrificing modern convenience. I think my only complaint is that you don't enjoy free wifi unless you're a club member. That aside, I have never had a less than wonderful experience here.
5	You know the part in Showgirls when Nomi Malone pronounces Versace "Ver-sais"? This hotel will give you the opportunity to feel just like that, only without any of the mockery, nudity, or Kyle MacLachlan's potato-head. Great hotel, phenomenal lobby, accommodating staff, good food, near transportation and walking distance from an awesome Turkish restaurant. There was a women's college soccer team giggling and roaming around the hotel in uniform while I was there. Really, you don't need much more than that. Pittsburgh rules.
4	Go on the weekend when you can get a great rate.  (We got it for $100 a night.)  Also, on the weekend you can park in the garage across the street for $5 for each visit, rather than paying the $27 valet charge.This is a beautiful hotel.  There was a line at check-in, but the front desk staff was extremely efficient and very friendly.  The room was quite spacious with a sizable walk-in closet, flat-screen TV, mini fridge, safe, iron and ironing board.  The towels in the bathroom are large and plush.  We occasionally heard people across the hall slamming their door, but otherwise the room was quite quiet.The hotel has a fantastic lobby with plenty of places to gather and talk.  We did not eat at the restaurant, but the Sunday brunch looked delicious.  We did sit briefly at the bar, then went to the bar in the back of the hotel, which was quite cozy and charming.Pittsburgh seems to be in the process of revitalizing its downtown, so although there is a Macy's across the street from the hotel, and a Brooks Brothers just down the street, I can't say there is much else around the hotel.  A couple of blocks away, on Penn, are some dining options.  I never felt unsafe walking at night in the blocks around the hotel.
4	Great old hotel that has retained its decor and service at a high level.  The pub is a wonderful alternative to the upscale restaurant for finding a sandwich and beverage.
5	From the moment I walked into the WIlliam Penn I was impressed. This is clearly one of those big old hotels that has not lost any of its charm or class over the years and even in this modern, technology-focused world, still manages to grab your attention and admiration. The front desk staff were professional and friendly and when I requested my room upgrade, they immediately worked to find me one. On arrival at my room, I was even more impressed by the upgrade I had received. My door opened to a hallway, with a large living room and dining room through one door, a marble bathroom through another, and ending with bedroom with work area, flat-screen TV and queen bed. This was a parlor suite and was extremely comfortable accommodation. I had a lovely view of the gardens below and from the various rooms in my suite, I could see most of downtown Pittsburgh. Internet service was complimentary (for all Omni Select Guest members) and I had no problems with the connection speed. The hotel's fitness center was more than sufficient, with an array of cardio equipment and weight machines/free weights. I ordered dinner from room service one of my two nights here and the food was spectacular. Breakfast at the hotel was also very nice.I did not have a vehicle during my trip so parking was of no issue for me; hotel guests could valet only for $27 per night. There was no parking for any non-overnight guests of the hotel, which for some could be a problem. The hotel is conveniently located in the middle of downtown - you can easily walk to all kinds of restaurants and shopping (there is a Saks Fifth Avenue a few blocks away, as well as a Macy's). I was very impressed by the hotel overall - I will definitely stay here anytime I am in Pittsburgh.
4	Classy hotel with a huge lobby. Once I stepped into the door, I heard the light jazz music and regular business bustle you normally expect in movies. I found the front desk extremely helpful with suggestions and the lady even gave me a free upgrade for giving her a warm smile. The rates are rather expensive (usually $300 per night without discounts), and downtown Pittsburgh usually dies after 8PM, but I found the hotel itself is beautiful enough to just kick back and enjoy.  Not that it's allowed, but I wound up pushing my two double beds together and rolling around because it's always fun to be silly.  My favorite was the over abundance of pillows in my room. I wound up building a pillow fort and camping out for the night.  Business trips are fun.
4	Gorgeous. I attended a conference here and was also a guest at the hotel. The staff is on point and friendly. The hotel itself is an extremely beautiful building (especially the ballroom). Only complaint I have is that the lighting in the room was so dim and lacking.
4	This hotel is one of the best hotels that I have ever stayed in.ProsExcellent serviceGreat location on downtown PittsburghConsThe rooms face other rooms. We did not open the curtains the whole time were there.TipsJoin the Omni frequent guest plan. This gives you several things including free wifi, free coffee or juice in the am.Park in the municipal lot next door. It's much cheaper.
4	Location - Alright.  Kind of a negative for me.  Everything dies early - 6pmish.  Not much to do after that.   Garage is nice across the street, but if it's full, you have to drive a couple blocks away.  Behind the hotel was the Occupy Pittsburgh picketers...But I'll get to that later.   Check in/Service - Fast, professional service, and always helpful.  Not one ounce of trouble, and they were more than accommodating to help combine two reservations into one. Gym - One of the best I've been at in a motel.  Equipment is well maintained and kept.  Complimentary sitting area, water available, towels, and equipment has built in TVs so you can watch what you want to watch. Lobby - Spectacular area and really a great sitting place for coffee or a take-out meal.  Free internet is only available in the lobby. Room - As nice as a Hampton room, but one of my biggest negatives.  I was on one of the highest floors....And heat rises.  There is no way to control the temperature in the room.  So I had to raise the windows to get cooler air.  Two separate evenings two events were going on.  Occupy Pittsburgh was playing voodoo/Caribbean/Folk music one night.  The other night, the window washers were cleaning a nearby skyscraper, and it was abundantly loud till 9pm.  So..was slightly disappointed since this is a VERY expensive room for the stay.  Bed was comfortable, and if you stay at the Hampton, this is very comparable.
4	Classy hotel...very professional staff.... Rooms are a bit outdated and need more outlets!!  Ate at the restaurant and it was excellent!!  Overall, this is a very nice place.
2	This place is just no bueno at all! No complimentary breakfast, no pool, wifi is $10 (free with rewards membership), pay for parking even as a guest. Waited over an hour for an "engineer" to bring me a pair of pliers to get my debit card out of their ATM. Save your money and go to a cheaper hotel that is more accommodating!!!
3	PROS:1) Grandiose & beautiful! The lobby and event spaces are ultra elegant and lavishly decorated.2) Located about a mile from The Strip District & The Andy Warhol Museum (http://www.yelp.com/biz/andy-warhol-museum-pittsburgh#hrid:14tbNs1l3MxcHTf54sxmVA).3) Good hotel restaurant (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-terrace-room-pittsburgh#hrid:A3llriK1R60EMXrlG2TZaw/src:self) & full Starbucks store located inside.4) Free apples at the front desk.CONS:1) Limited services & no shuttles to the airport, or any other parts of Pittsburgh!2) Strange Downtown location. The Downtown area of Pittsburgh is catered towards the corporate class; everything in the area closes after business hours at 6pm! Get ready to take a cab everywhere!Overall: A-OK if you're staying here for business on an expense account, but if you're in Pittsburgh looking for fun things to do, pick a cheaper hotel in a better location.
5	From the time you step in to the lobby you know this is a different place. It is beautiful with architecture that dates from 1919. The building was referbished in the last few years and is amazing at every turn. This is the best hotel I have stayed at. I have stayed at several of the highly rated NYC hotels. The ambiance and service are better here. Several times we have stayed at the William Penn with discounted rates on line. In each case we have been treated wonderfully. Over Christmas my wife wanted to go to the "High Tea" When I approached the reservation desk at the restaurant at 9:00AM I was told they were fully booked for the afternoon. I said my wife really wanted to to go to the HT. Colleen offered to take my name and number in case of a cancelation. Later that she called, and in the midst of family Christmas celebrationI  did not hear my phone. Colleen CALLED A SECOND TIME; this time I heard the phone and w were able to go to "High Tea" which was very nice for me. My life loved it. You get a nice selection of tea served in the English style and a selection of sandwiches, sweets and scones in a wonderful setting for $17.00 a person.The breakfast buffet  is also amazing for about the same price with everything you could ask for in a breakfast including eggs or omelets made to order. The Tap Room is the bar and and worth a trip for the beauty of the place. It looks like an old English mens club and has good drinks and bar food.I always feel special for staying at the WP.
4	After 2 days of random traveling through rural PA and northern MA I was so happy to finally arrive at my beautiful room at the William Penn. The bed was so, so comfortable compared to the Hilton I'd stayed in previous nights and I almost didn't want to go out for dinner because of it. But this old, charming hotel has two great restaurants downstairs and a Starbucks in the lobby. If it hadn't been for the $27/night parking I'd have been 5-star reviewing right now. My only complaint was that housekeeping left my dirty, wet towels on my office chair so when I got back to the room the second night ready to finish the day's work I couldn't sit there. I was pretty surprised by the lack of desire by the staff to make this right, but I'm not bitchy or hard to please so instead I just deduct one star from my review. Overall a great place to stay. Customer service just needs a little work, but since I usually stay at Hiltons I'm used to above and beyond.
3	Stayed here during the 2011 Winter Classic. The exterior and lobby are beautiful. The rooms themselves are typical hotel rooms. Overall  good experience, the Starbucks in the hotel is nice for those rainy days. The restaurant leaves something to be desired though, and was not a fan of paying for WiFi.
5	Great pace to relax on lunch break and snatch up some wifi on a couch!
4	This was a really wonderful hotel! I was attending a convention at the convention center, and initially I was worried that I was shut out of the Westin nearby, but in reality I think this was totally fine (you only need to walk a few blocks), if not better because the decor is old and beautiful!Staying at Omnis, it's all about the preferred guest program..FREE wifi, special small-scale room service breakfast menu that is much more reasonably priced and includes free coffee or orange juice (I'm talking a ~$3/4 yogurt or bagel, as opposed to a $17 monster breakfast - overpriced but not horribly so). I was ecstatic to see that they had soy milk! I spent every morning before the convention drinking my carafe of really good coffee with soy milk and reading a paper copy of the NY Times - LOVED that.The customer service here was always really good, the rooms were very well appointed, the tubs was perfect for soaking in, and they had a nice little gym as well (with filtered water you can fill up your water bottle with). The lobby was also a nice place to hang out and kill a few hours between checkout and heading to the airport. It was a little noisy but it is located downtown in a city, to be expected - nothing my white noise app couldn't fix. If I found myself back in Pittsburgh I would definitely consider staying here again.
3	I agree with others that his hotel has the ambiance on the lobby level of one of the classic hotels, with a high level of service as well.  I've stayed here several times on business, and experienced a wide range of rooms  -- all had comfortable beds and tv's and amenities, but the views from some of the rooms are literally looking at a brick wall.  The room this time had roman shades that couldn't be partially opened unless I wanted to see other guests.  Would recommend the Doubletree up the street before this.
5	This is a beautiful old hotel in downtown Pittsburgh. If you go there you need to speak with the bell hop Daryl Cann. He can give you the hotels history, tell you about the architecture, and help you find whatever you need. If you look up customer service in the dictionary there should be a picture of DarylI was there today with a couple of friends looking at some old pictures on the wall and Daryl gave us a full history and architecture lesson and it was very interesting. He also gave us a comprehensive list of the many celebrities who have been guests there. It was truly impressive. They should make him the hotel historianAsk Daryl to show you the Lawrence Welk bubble machine. A really cool piece of Pittsburgh history
5	One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in. This is a lovely, elegant hotel. However the thing that makes it really stand out is the quality of customer service. The staff are simply wonderful - professional, frriendly, attentive.
3	Tough call. No pool. They charge for wi-fi and parking, which is a bit backwards for a "luxury" hotel. Fitness center was good, but not great. Front desk staff were a touch frosty. Downtown location means you are situated in a ghost town on weekends and evenings, even the drugstores close early. There is a small shop in the hotel however, for basic needs. Rooms were a little dark and the lay out of the TV to the side of the bed was a bit odd. Our King Size deluxe room had a view of...other peoples' rooms, which meant the blinds had to stay closed most of the time for privacy, only adding to the dark feel. The bathrooms were a bit small. On the other hand, they have a beautiful lobby, large and clean rooms, simple lay out and quick elevators. The bed was comfortable. If you get a rate south of $200, I'd say pull the trigger, otherwise maybe shop around.
4	What a sight! As you enter, don't run into other guests as you crane your neck to gawk at the gorgeous coffered ceilings and chandeliers. Even the attached Starbucks is photo-worthy.  The bell hops are extra friendly, helpful, and able to tell you all about the hotel's history.  Staff accommodated special requests such as adjoining two rooms, a crib, and fridge for milk. The guest room is spacious, stylish, quiet, and clean. Now for the pitfalls.  They advertise kid-friendliness, but the hotel is without changing table if you must wait for your room. We had a bit of a wait in the lobby for our room, but we go there early and were aware there would likely be a wait.  The rest of our family got their room at least an hour late. The next day, the rooms were not made up by 3:30, at which point we had a napping baby and then were getting ready for a wedding, so we never had the room made up during out 2-night stay.  Get the housekeeping in order and they'll be doing great.Lastly, park across the street for $5.  It's worth a few extra steps!
5	Absolutely lovely. A place I go when I want to reaffirm that there are still gracious places in the world. Adore the wonderful common spaces - lobby, Terrace Room. And the Tap Room is a cozy, warm - again, gracious. The staff is professional, but also warm - I really feel like I'm visiting a "home" rather than just a generic hotel. Really love it - and glad I get to the William Penn frequently.
4	What do you do when you're bored but can't really afford that trip you've been trying to take to Florida since you left it? Book a hotel downtown and party your ass off.Actually, the one time I stayed at the William Penn was my birthday weekend. My boyfriend's birthday is the 16th of February and mine falls on the 17th of the same month (ha!). We were trying to come up with things to do and settled on getting a room downtown and bar hopping for the night. Yes, we stay about 5 minutes away from said hotel, but still! It's always nice to mix it up and have a change in atmosphere.I found the lobby of the hotel to be gorgeous! It was like stepping back in time a little bit, what with its over-the-top yet tasteful grandeur. And it was huge! It could be a bit overwhelming at first, but I let my boyfriend check in and drag all of the bags up to the room so that I could take it all in (I'm so helpful, I know :).I found our room to be spectacular, too. We booked through Hotwire and thus ended up with a double bed room, but the beds were oh so nice and comfy. The bathroom was a decent size. It would have liked one a bit bigger, but it was fine for what I needed it for. I remember finding the shower to be very nice, too, but I can't remember why ...Room service was just as pricey as you would expect, but the breakfast was delicious. One of our room phones wasn't working so it was a bit of a hassle to reach the front desk to get room service, but we figured it out eventually. Probably didn't help that we were extremely hungover lol.We parked at my boyfriend's work building so I have no idea about the parking around the hotel. All in all we had a 5 star stay. I only give it 4 stars here because, no Yelp, that's not as good as it gets.
5	Very friendly service from both the bellhop and the front desk. It was explained to us that parking across the street in the garage in less expensive than the valet service. The bellhop kindly watched our car as we checked into the room and then we moved it to the garage. They upgraded us to a larger room and sent up a complimentary bottle of champagne for our anniversary. Room blinds had to stay closed most of the time as there was a building right next to us. There was no turndown service, which was surprising considering the cost of the rooms. Maybe being on several cruises has spoiled us in that area. A talk with customer service revealed that you need to be part of their rewards program to receive this. We didn't realize there was a mini-fridge and coffee/tea maker hidden inside the tv stand until we were leaving the room and happened to run across it. Overall, though a very nice experience.
4	This was my first stay at this hotel and was here for two nights while at a conference that was being held at the hotel. The decor gives the hotel an old charm look and feel to the place. The hotel does have a business center, fitness center, and there are a couple of restaurants on-premises, but I did not eat at the hotel on this visit. There is also a Starbucks connected to the hotel. Overall, this is a really nice hotel, but as a business traveler, I was disappointed in the workspace area.My room was on the 15th floor and I had two double beds in my room. The room itself was nice and large. There was a closet with a handful of hangers plus two robes, a workspace desk, two dresser drawers, wide-screen TV, mini-fridge, two luggage racks, alarm clock, safe, coffee maker, hair dryer, ironing board, iron, nightstand, two benches (one at the foot of each bed), and a decent size bathroom. The bathroom sink area had a decent size countertop and there was a nice size ledge going around the bathtub, making it easy to store things like a shaver, shaving cream, soaps, etc. A woman could easily sit on the ledge to shave her legs. The usual toiletries were provided plus cotton balls and cotton swabs. The safe was a decent size and I was able to put my 15" laptop, DSLR camera, iPad, and other smaller items in there without any issue. Both closet doors contained a full-length mirror on them. Most importantly, everything was clean!From an Internet perspective, there is free wireless in the lobby, but it will cost you $9.95/day for wireless access in your room, unless you sign up for their free rewards program, in which case, the Wi-Fi charge is waived. I was averaging about 2.97 Mbps on download speeds and 2.91 Mbps on upload so I was happy with Internet performance. There is no wired Internet connection in the guest rooms.The Fitness Center has five treadmills, three elliptical machines, two bikes, several Cybex selectorized strength training machines, two benches with a set of free weights, and several different sized medicine balls. Each of the cardio machines had their own TV, plus there were a couple of general TV's in the room. Overall, this was a decent sized fitness center. They also provide free headphones for use on the cardio machines in case you forgot yours. Towels, water, and wipes are all provided. The fitness center is open 24-hours and is accessible with your room key.TV channel selections included the usual mix of broadcast and cable stations. For their premium channel, they offer HBO. The only kids station I saw was Cartoon Network. They use the LodgeNet system, but they did not support the use of the LodgeNet mobile app, which allows you to control the TV from your smartphone device. Although I was watching HD programs, picture quality was just average.My main complaint is with the workspace area. As a business traveler, I use my laptop while I'm at hotels. The chair at the desk is a standard fixed chair, so you can't adjust the height or recline back. As a result of the lack of height adjustment, my legs were hitting the underside of the desk if I moved the chair too close to the desk. My bigger issue was with the lack of outlets on top of the desk. Most hotels will have outlets either in the base of lamps or they will have a dedicated outlet to plug your laptop into. Unfortunately, that was not the case here. I had to crawl under the desk, move the trash can, and then I managed to find an available outlet. I initially had my power brick plugged directly into the wall, but it was too heavy and kept falling out, so I had to connect the extended power cord to the brick so that I could keep the plug in the wall. On the plus side, there were sufficient outlets near the nightstand, which is rarely the case at most hotels I stay at. Once I slid the nightstand back a bit, I found 4 outlets that I could use, so I was able to plug in my CPAP machine and my iPhone, which I use as my alarm clock.I liked the location of the hotel as it was within walking distance of shopping and dining. It was only about a 5 minute walk to Market Square, which contains lots of great eating places. There is a parking garage directly across the street for about $15/day or you can use the hotel's valet at $27/day.In summary, this is a great hotel, especially for the price I paid. I would just like to see some minor improvements made in the workspace area to make it easier for business travelers.
4	Great service through and through from valet service through house-cleaning all the way to check-out. Staff really go out of their way to greet you and make you feel welcomed. Good location.  Rooms are adequate.  Comfortable bedding and nice toiletries.  Some minor cons:  you have to pay for internet and it's wireless only; no pool.  Would stay again though.
5	My favorite hotel! My husband and I stay here a couple times a year for business. Nothing in Pittsburgh beats the William Penn, we've stayed at a few other hotels downtown but they never match up. Omni always pays attention to the details. Walking into the lobby makes you feel like you're stepping back in time.  I can't wait to stay there again.
4	It was the night before my birthday and I wanted to do something fun.  I went on Priceline.com and bid $80 and was FLOORED when my offer was accepted....by the Omni.This hotel is RIGHT DOWN TOWN and is one of the oldest hotels in Pgh.  It's nice.  The rooms are a bit small but have a modern decor, and the tubs are big.  The food was good but way over priced--however this is to be expected.The only problem was there was construction on the street below our room the night we stayed, so we didn't get any sleep at all.  Still, an overall fun time.
4	Definitely a premium hotel and I would challenge anyone to find any problems with their service.  Meeting rooms were well equipped and the hotel wifi actually worked well and delivered high speed.Not sure I would justify their rates, but I am cheap when it comes to hotels, so I could not help but notice the Marriott right down the street.  : )
3	If you want an ornate and well taken care of hotel you can rest assured that the William penn is what your looking for. It's killer for events, the lobby looks like you steeped onto the set for a history film. My only complaint is that the rooms themselves are a bit outdated. The carpet seems old and there isn't a lot of space to move around in. I'd say it's worth checking out, there's a Starbucks right next store so you can grab a coffee and sit in the hotel lobby for a bit, but  I wouldn't pay the price for a room.
5	Great old world service! Use Priceline to book your room. Become an Omni rewards member before you arrive to avoid the wifi fee ($10/night). Food and the room service rocks!
1	The staff, barring the afternoon clerk on the day we checked in, were uninterested in anything other than getting the job out of the way so they could get on with their personal conversations. Food, on Thanksgiving, not well priced and very dry..everything was very dry. The heat in the hotel itself was on full blast (it was about 50 outside) and when trying to regulate the heat in our room, it was impossible to get relief from the stifling heat even with the window open. The television didn't work, and we couldn't rent movies because, as the maintenance man said "oh this hasn't worked all week". Thanks so much. When we checked at at midnight because it was so miserable, no one asked why we were leaving. I wouldn't send my worst enemy to this hotel. Oh, and the woman in the gift shop? She followed me around asking "are you going to buy THAT?", etc. Completely insane and ruined my entire Thanksgiving. When the manager called to follow up on my having filled out the survey, he was defensive, angry and unwilling to offer anything to assuage my disappointment. Complete waste of money and time to go to this hotel.
5	Our company has been coming here for many years to host our meetings and Christmas party.  This hotel has a great set-up for large events and lots of guest accommodations.  Centrally located in downtown Pittsburgh, there are lots of shopping and places to eat.  Its an ideal location.
2	Would I pay the suggested price of $250 a night to stay here? Bahahaha. No.We booked Omni William Penn via one of those Mystery Deals on Hotwire: they tell you it's a 4-star hotel located downtown, you book it, and you're stuck with the consequence. We got the room for $99 a night, which is reasonable.It's a grand old building, for certain, but I'm not sure what the fuss is about. As we were unfamiliar with Pittsburgh, there were things we didn't know, such as Downtown being a business district that completely dies after 7 p.m. It's obvious this is a hotel for business people and not tourists because we were left with nothing to do at night. Let's just say I'm completely caught up on the latest season of "Duck Dynasty" and I don't even like men with beards.What makes this a four-star hotel? I'm not sure. Our view was other hotel rooms, and they were unoccupied so we couldn't even be entertained with voyeurism. The building is oddly shaped, creating an area where sounds from the busy street below become trapped and wake you up every hour of the night. The entire building is heated, which was awesome when coming in from the snow outside, but made for very hot nights that we were unable to counteract with the a/c unit in the room. The TV was a good 10-15 feet from the bed, which was kind of amusing at first but an annoyance when trying to see the nuances in Food Network cooking competitions.The perks were a bagel shop, Jimmy John's and Starbucks downstairs in the same building. Given that this hotel does not offer free coffee, free breakfast or free WiFi, prepare to open your wallet if you don't want to spend hours outside wandering around trying to find a place that's open past 5 p.m.Location: MehAmenities: MehBed: MehiPod dock: Seriously, what kind of four-star hotel doesn't provide an iPhone dock?Visiting Pittsburgh for pleasure? I'm going to give you the advice I wish somebody had given me: stay the hell away from downtown.
4	One of my very favorite hotels!When we've had an event for family or friends in Pittsburgh and have wanted to stay overnight afterwards, this is our go-to choice. While the location isn't ideal for most of the places we hang out, I'm a Pittsburgh ex-pat and can find my way here quickly from almost anywhere in town, so it's not a big deal. Beautiful old building with tons of character. I love hanging out in the lobby or the bar with friends when we're there, it makes me feel like I've walked right out of a novel.Rooms are well-appointed with tasteful decor, high quality linens, upscale toiletry products and just a generally great luxury hotel experience. Staff is helpful and courteous without being intrusive, also enhancing the true luxury hotel vibe.We have gotten great deals booking online, and Omni runs some excellent promotions for their hotel brand when you sign up for their emails.
4	The Omni is a hotel in an historic building. They have done a wonderful job of updating the rooms, including the all-important outlets for your devices. It is conveniently located right in downtown Pittsburgh.Staff were all very friendly, greeting me with a smile.Water pressure in the shower is just fine, beds are very comfortable. You can also open a window to let fresh air into the room if you like, and I like! :)
1	Dear friends, My friend and I have stayed at many hotels around the world. We are regulars at most of these and are friends with the staff and their family. This weekend was my best friends birthday and we choose to stay in Pittsburgh. The Omni boosted Four star status and more expensive than other places. In fact they were terrible. We were denied access to food and  beverages. Yes, we had a few drinks. It was my best friends birthday. We asked for wine to take to the room and about room service. We were denied these basic services and sent elsewhere. We asked for to have our money returned to us so that we could stay at another hotel and they claimed that no one on the premises could help us. We will never stay at an Omni again. We recommend that other do the same. This was a huge disappointment on a very important occasion.  We hope to have our money returned to us very soon and plan on complaining loudly as often as possible. Do not stay at this hotel.
3	The Omni is certainly a classic, but they seem to be resting on their laurels and not trying very hard to go above and beyond. The hotel is in a good, central location and in a really cool historic building. There are some nice murals, accents, furniture, etc. The rooms are nothing special, and could use some further updating. The restaurant is overpriced with mediocre food.  It's annoying they charge for internet...really no need for that in this day and age, when more reasonably priced hotels do it for free.
4	Pittsburgh in 1 word...Dreary. Tucked behind Mt Washington and other rolling hills lies the forgotten the once Steel Mill town. Nothing but Steeler colors as far as I can see. Very nice hotel.....and old charm that smells like 1910 for a town stuck in 1910I attend a large confrence  so my time at the omni was a long one. The food was hit or miss great lunches with pasta salads and tasty assorted sandwiches .  They had halftime breaks in between conferences  each day was a totally different snack!  Coffee from starbucks...and Little debbie Swiss rolls one day...gummy bears and Twizzlers the next.How about how HUGE this place is....3 levels of conference rooms all broken up across the corridors with folding walls and all different layouts then others.  The Bob Hope room was my favorite.The carpets and a few other things need to be updated the white in the flowers are now a musty tan which means its had its fair share of foot traffic.If ever go back to Pittsburgh which I probably wont.  I think I would get more enjoyment driving threw wyndanch with the windows down at 2am.  The Omni is my choice.
5	Great stay, great room and great atmosphere.... Highly recommend!
2	Went to a gala here. It was very disappointing. I wouldn't buy a plate with my own money.
5	What a short but Fantastic Stay at the Omni William Penn, I so wanted to turn around and go back for one more day,  Yes it was that Great, If you are in Pittsburgh Pa for even One night Stay here at the Omni,  This Place is Exciting and Alive . The Lobby one of the Best spots to people watch is Alive with the Hustle of so many different people , It's Great it 's like your in another county it really is electrifying .  Oh the restaurants in the Hotel were perfect , The Pub and the Main Dining both Perfect Food Drinks and Service,  Make sure you sign up for Select Guest and you get great perks, Enjoy!
5	Great hotel. Great price and better service. The room didnt have a microwave and i needed one for my son's food. They happily delivered it. Great valet staff outside. Super helpful and friendly. One of them commented how i had the perfect family. Made me feel like a million bucks.
5	Whenever I travel, I try to stay at grand old pre-Depression era hotels.  Pittsburgh is perhaps the king of shrinking, pre-Depression American cities, and there's an argument to be made that the Penn Hotel is thus, perhaps, the king of all such hotels.  Part of being in the running for that title usually means that the rooms tend towards being musty, small and outdated.  The Penn generally isn't though, having had the benefit of a serious, recent renovation.  The room I stayed in on my last trip to Pitt was 500+ sq. ft. (see pic), and I didn't do anything douchier than claim I was two people when I was really only one to get it.  The service matches the veneer; I swear to God, everyone I dealt with @ check-in had an Old World accent and seemed like they had a bona fide paraphilia for the Ask Jeeves shtick.  One thing I learned on my most recent trip was that if you pack your shirts, suits, etc., in individual garment bags, all within a larger garment carrier, they will barely wrinkle, if at all.  An even better thing I learned was that if you sign up for Omni's Select Guest club (which costs nothing but a disposable email address), they will iron your shit for you 24 hours a day, for free, as well as provide you with free morning drinks, newspapers and whatnot, free wi-fi, etc., *for life,* so that's totally worth doing if you plan on staying here.  If you're staying at a place like this in a post-Depression city like Pittsburgh, you're probably doing it one someone else's dime.  So make sure you tip everyone you come in contact with like you're Andrew Carnegie, the staff here deserve it.
3	I was in a little bit of a rush when I arrived so I was upset to find out that valet parking couldn't accommodate me because I drive and F-150 and the garage that they use is too low for my truck. I had to park a few blocks away and lug my belongings up hill. A side benefit of this is that I only paid $5 for one day in the garage whereas the valet probably would have charged me for two days at $29/day. When I arrived at the front desk I was a sweaty mess from the walk but the staff at the desk couldn't have been nicer and that helped to cool me down a little (figuratively and literally). He gave me instructions on how to get to the subway (free) to get to Heinz Field and I was delighted that it was only two blocks or so (downhill) away.The room was pretty small and everything felt rather old but I would expect that from a hotel such as this (historic). I had a great night's sleep, the bed and the pillows were some of the most comfortable that I have experienced.The next day I was a little alarmed to see mold or something growing above the shower and this made me check out the rest of the room a little more. The windows and ledges were all dirty and dusty and some surfaces looked as though they had not been wiped in some time. After checking out I stopped by the bar outside of the Terrace Room to enjoy the beautiful  and historical lobby. The bartender and server were most pleasant to talk to but the Bloody Mary's that I ordered left a little to be desired. They lacked any real flavor, more like straight tomato juice with some Tabasco and, at $11.25 per drink they are about double the price and half the quality of what I have had at similar, downtown hotels such as the Renaissance or Wyndham Grand.
2	I was delighted when we first entered, as the exterior and lobby are quite stunning. I also liked that there are several restaurants, a bagel shop, Starbucks that make grabbing a bite quick and easy (even though the awesome sounding Speakeasy bar was closed the one night we were there). Our room was enormous, and although it lacked a view it wasn't a big deal. My "meh" rating has to do with general cleanliness. When I walked into the bathroom I could see several pieces of hair on the light colored floor. Ew... that kind of shaped my experience immediately. I had issues with the bed/sheets as well. I don't know too much about bed bugs or other tiny critters, but there was something going on in that bed. I had a hard time getting to sleep because I couldn't stop scratching, and woke up several times with the creepy crawlies. Disclaimer: I didn't actually *see* anything, and I looked several times. This is just my experience and typically wouldn't leave such a weird review, but here we are.Traveler FYI: We were only staying overnight in Pittsburgh, and rolled into town after 5 pm on a Monday. I tried to go to Rite-Aid at 7, and they were closed. The city definitely shuts down after 5 so don't expect that there's much to see. There was one area that was lively a few blocks away, over where Primanti Bros. Sandwiches and other eateries were.
5	We just stayed there for a get away weekend and had a great time. check in was very smooth. hotel sold out and no waiting on an elevator. food very good at buffet. room was nice and only down side needs firmer pillows. we had a walk in closet in our room. we could easily was to the baseball game. valet guys were great and very helpful. all three couples had a great time. will stay again.
3	Architecture is old but nice and most of the staff is friendly but not necessarily always helpful. The free coffee room service and 2 free pressed items are a nice touch.  Free Wifi . The food in the hotel was average in quality.   If you want good food, walk three blocks and go down to Market Square area.  Also Vallozzi's down on 5th avenue if you like Italian.  There is a Starbucks in the hotel. I was disappointed because the A/C was not working in my room.  They fixed it the the day before, then it went out again when I came back from dinner on my last night.  I went down to the front desk after trying to call a couple of times with no one answering.  When I told them about the problem, the lady comes out saying we can give you a 25.00 voucher for breakfast tomorrow.  I don't care about the breakfast  I was leaving, I just wanted them to send someone up.  They sent someone up who turned it on and off and tried to tell me it wasn't on-- which it was-- all he did was flip the on off switch back and forth a couple times-- .  He put a thermometer in the air and said it was 56 degrees.Which anyone with a 3rd grade education would have realized it wasn't..  Then he said they were new A/C systems and they were getting the bugs out.   At that point i gave up i was tired and had to get up early to head home.  It was not fixed my room was still hot during the night.  I told the front desk in the morning it wasn't working and she didn't seem that concerned.
3	I am giving the Omni 3 stars because I feel it is "A-OK." I've stayed here twice - once 6 or 7 years ago and once recently for a wedding. The hotel itself is very pretty. The rooms are spacious and very comfortable. The service was great both times we stayed here. The location is good if you're doing something downtown (games, show, etc.). For the price (relatively high, especially for Pittsburgh), I suppose it's alright. As a hotel guest: A-OK. I would probably save a few bucks and stay somewhere else.As for my experience as a wedding guest, I would give it 2 stars. I found the cocktail hour room to be awkwardly laid out and the reception room to be a bit gaudy (I think there are 2 rooms for each - 2 weddings going on while we were there). The staff wasn't overly attentive when serving or while people were looking for their seats (although they were standing around talking to each other). The food was bland (hummus, filet) and either over or undercooked. Of course, "main course wedding food" isn't typically great, but I've had better at many I've attended over the years and I'm pretty sure it probably didn't cost as much. As a wedding (guest): Meh. I've experienced better.After thought - We found it pretty absurd that they charge $10/day for wireless access. What year is it? How much do you charge for food/drinks/rooms?
3	The hotel is very nice from an architectural standpoint and the accommodations are top notch (great beds, pillows, sheets, etc) but if I had to give one word to describe the hotel, it would be: uninspiring. The shower was not bad but not good (you should never have a bad shower). The staff was not rude but they weren't friendly either. Bottom line is that everything about the hotel just said "eh, whatever" to me. My company usually chooses Hampton inn for my travels, and sadly, in this case, I would have rather stayed there.If I needed to stay in the city again, I might return, but for anyone expecting a luxurious experience, stay elsewhere. Westin is down the street.
5	The room was spacious and very clean.  The decor was "soothing" -- which some people might find bland, I suppose.  I found it to be appropriate.  The shower was great, the hot water plentiful, the toiletries very high quality.  The bed was comfortable with plenty of poofy pillows which made reading and breakfast in bed very pleasant.  (We did remove most of them for sleeping!)  The morning coffee delivered to the room was STRONG and good!  The food at the Terrace Room was wonderful.  The lobby is magnificent--worth a visit in itself.  Tea on the terrace was very pleasant.  A word on the maid service:  I can't praise the housekeeping highly enough.  They did not come banging on the door at 6 am, they DID show up once the "do not disturb" sign came off the door, and they set the room to rights quickly and well.  You can get service after 12 noon--which is not the case everywhere anymore.  If you want extra towels after hours you can GET them.  Again, not the case everywhere.  We were in town for a wedding.  The rehearsal dinner and the wedding reception were both held in the hotel.  The wait staff was very attentive and the captain kept everything progressing smoothly at both events.  The food was very satisfactory--not as good as the private dining in the Terrace Room--but it was certainly done the way the bride wanted things to be done.  I feel like I stayed in a different hotel from the one some of the reviewers here discussed.  I experienced no language problems and the staff was helpful and courteous.  I can't imagine what anybody could have done to make our stay better.  A note about the wi-fi, join the Omni Select Guest Loyalty Program--it's free and then you get free wi-fi.
5	What can I say? They just don't build hotels like this anymore! Yeah, my room was kind of small, but oh-so-comfortable! If you want a big room that's devoid of personality, check in somewhere else! I'll take the Penn over the newer hotels!I stay here every year (I have a professional conference here) and have to say that despite the near century-old age of the property, it stacks up against any of the more modern hotels.Oh, and I'm very particular about my cocktails, and the William Penn has always managed to serve me without question, comment, or complaint!Several reviewers have mentioned the loyalty program... GET IT! I basically pay $2.50 for a continental breakfast delivered to my room each morning! UNBEATABLE!
3	It's s grand old hotel that updated their small rooms.  But it's not up to their more modern competition except in architectural style.  One thing that could set it apart would be service,  but you really don't sense or get a level of service above the rest of like hotels. Even the food,  commented on by others, was not over and above other nearby restaurants.  I booked here for an anniversary because I wanted the best.  This isn't the best in Pittsburg,  or if it is,  then it means there is plenty of growth room for the competition.
4	After paying a little too much for valet parking, my second favourite ginger and I (I put myself first), messily dragged our weekend bags behind us through the revolving doors into this hotel. Hello, Gorgeous! Huge white marble arches, columns and gold touches decorated to the nines for Christmas. This might sound gaudy, but this place is all class. Fancy like Reba circa 1992. Divine like Bette Midler circa always. The rooms are beautiful with all the extras you would expect, including starchy white robes, movies and 24 hour room service. We didn't have much of a view, but who cares, we had a king size bed and a bubble bath. PEPPER POINTS to hotwire.com for getting us a cheap deal at this glorious abode. It'd a bit too rich for my blood without the deal.
4	You don't need a view when your room is this big. The secrecy of Hotwire deals in "downtown Pittsburgh" is a situation. Their perimeter crosses into the Southside and whatever you call north of The Point across the bridge. And when you cross reference the hotels in that area on Yelp with the providers on Hotwire, you can end up in very different situations. Then, you can research the Omni price -- $190 regularly -- against the Hotwire deal $120 and it's worth the risk. Large room. Large king bed. Large room service 24 hour menu. Large hallways. Wander them. If you're looking to pull an Aaron Sorkin in a random American city and stay in a hotel without leaving for 24 to 144 hours straight, this is your place in Pittsburgh. The expansive lobby gives you enough fresh air. The front desk staff is simple & accommodating. If you're the type to leave the hotel then it's a decent location. Just know there isn't a decent bar within 5 blocks, and you're only decent walkable option is to jaunt over to Market Square. But if it's summer time and you want to walk to PNC park for a game or the Heinz museum, it's a perfect option. Also, robes.
3	The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff was very helpful. I would give the staff 5 stars! We stayed one night here on a Priceline bid. We were very pleased walking in as the lobby is gorgeous. Our room was not nearly as impressive. The cable was in and out and the walls were paper thin. Our bed was dirty and uncomfortable. We were lucky enough to be right next to a newborn which made sleep impossible. We were rather disappointed with our room but very cool to see an old hotel restored. A little work is needed on cleanliness and maintenance, folks.
5	I know it seems strange to review the building in which I work, but I have stayed several nights at this hotel, and even though I work in an office in the building, I absolutely love the place.The lobby area is absolutely beautiful with grand, high ceilings and crown moulding out the wazool. When the Christmas tree is up during the holidays, I can't help but get that giddy feeling every time I walk inside.I also love that there is a Starbucks in the lobby. I look forward to grabbing a caffeinated bev before work, and sometimes stop down for a pick-me-up in the afternoons.The staff is incredibly friendly, and they always greet me every morning. The beds are soft and luxurious, and though the hotel shows a bit of wear from age, the place is always spotless. One of my absolute favorite things about this hotel is the little hand towels that are in every bathroom. They are embossed with the William Penn logo, and are oh so soft.
5	Can't say enough good things about this hotel. My friends and I stayed here for St. Pattys weekend and we loved it. We bought it on priceline and got an amazing deal for such an elegant hotel. The lobby is one of the best i've ever seen, very beauty and the beast castle-esqe. Quick check-in and check-out, fairly large room, maintened very well.
4	Built in 1916 the Omni William Penn is a beautiful hotel   with many intricate architectural features from a bygone era.  A wide variety of options for breakfast are made available between buffet offering and made to order.  The rooms are spacious and modeslty appointed with rather bland furniture.  Room service for the most part is prompt. The hotel is beautiful and food is superb, but other aspects of the hotel are less then excellent.
2	The two stars are for the check-in process...very easy, and for the beautiful lobby.This hotel needs to be completely revamped. I had dinner at the Tap Room, a pseudo English Pub in the hotel, and I should have listened to the reviewers ...the waitress was great, but the food and decor were on par with a BAD English pub. I was looking for Gordon Ramsey to appear shouting...In my room, with the outside view of a wall, the heat didn't work, and there were no outlets, beside one in the bathroom, to plug in chargers. The tv reception continuously waved in and out, often in time with the trains rattling past the hotel.There were three crummy pillows for a king size bed, and the funniest part, in a sad way, were the towels. (I regret not taking a picture...) Imagine a towel your mom gave you when going to camp...or...even more apropos...the towel used by a service mechanic at a garage. My bath towel had yellowed stains on it, with strings hanging off at the ends! The bath mat towel also had some major fraying at the ends, too. The hair dryer emitted a slight waft of air. On an interesting note, I was provided with the usual shampoo, lotion (smelled like a floral grandma) and....blue MOUTHWASH! Cool.Parking was across the street in a dingy, cramped lot with signs all around warnings customers that they were not responsible for stolen items. $14 for overnight parking, and a grumpy attendant who swore  (not really at me, more at the situation) when he had to move another car that had parked me in. Nice.So....if I had it to do over again, even with a $92 rate on Priceline, I would stay somewhere else, take a cab to the Penn, have a drink in the lobby, and go out of the hotel for dinner.WHERE IS ANTHONY MELCHIORRI?!!!!!  THIS IS THE HOTEL FOR YOU!!!
4	In full disclosure, this was a great hotel experience mostly because of a Hotwire deal for 91.00 a night for 2 nights on a Friday and Saturday.  Seriously, 91.00 for such a luxurious hotel.I loved staying downtown and walking to venues close by.  We didn't really take advantage of many of the hotel amenities but our room was wonderful, especially for the price we paid.We parked in the garage near it for 5.00 on a Friday and Saturday nite.  I believe the max would have been under 14.00 a night.  There was a bagel shop next door that we could get to without walking outside.
5	In the top 5 hotels I have ever had the pleasure to stay in. Beautiful common rooms, fantastic service and amenities and nice views, albeit at a price that does explain this. Very clean, spacious and tastefully decorated rooms. Stayed for one night only, however I was extremely impressed. I strongly recommend to visit if you can get a deal, otherwise the $250 room price is pricey.
5	Amazing historic hotel. If you ever have a chance to stay here you should. Such a unique hotel and part of history. Beds are very comfortable. Rooms all updated. Service in this hotel is amazing. From maid service to restaurants it is clear that customer service is high priority at this hotel
4	Absolute architectural gem in downtown Pittsburgh.  There aren't many hotels like the William Penn left. The revolving doors, the marble floors, the majestic chandiliers  in the lobby all bring you back in time.  Check in was quick and easy and even accommodated  my early check in request.  Parked in garage across street and was $5 for 24 hours.  Valet was $30 per day Our room was clean and spacious and on the larger side for a historic hotel.  Bed was a soft comfy King with extra pillows.  Walked to PNC in less than ten minutes and there a quite a few bars and restaurants in between hotel and PNC.  Great hotel stay if you get the chance.
3	I love the building. My first night and morning was perfect, but then i ran into some very salty food, some not so happy room service, and a bit of confusion at times. I stayed in the business suite, which was perfect as i was here for business. Nothing seemed too far - food, drinks, and my work. I  would have given 4 stars if i didnt run in to some grumpy people on such a short stay. On that note...the front desk has excellent customer service. Would i go back again? yes. but i would choose to eat out, and make sure to bring an umbrella. oh, and there is free, slow wifi, and a faster paid wifi (pretty cheap, for like streaming and stuff) but i worked the whole time and worked in my office, so didnt need it. Not sure how worth it, it is..
5	this hotel is amazing.  my wife and i stayed here and she was very impressed.  the Speakeasy downstairs is a very hip place to grab a nightcap.  we found a good deal on a website and are very glad we stayed here. its right downtown and close to everything.  Parking is across the street but its only $5.00 a night.  valet parking is $29.00 per night.
5	This is a wonderful hotel.  Old money decor with a huge chandelier in the lobby.  Gold and red were the chosen colors for this which also reflect old money.  There are a couple shops located by the lobby in case you need gum and diamond earrings.  A full service Starbucks is located to the right of the check in counter.  A full service bar is located a few steps up.  Honestly if you do not ask for directions it is possible to get turned around on the first floor.  The last time we stayed here they were booked solid however they had 3 people working the check in counter so you would never know unless you over heard it.  We settled into our room which had a nice view of a little park.  Rooms are small but that is to be expected in downtown.  (I have stayed at the suites here before and they are like apartments with kitchens, separate bedrooms, grand living rooms, and comfortable furniture splurge if you can) The bathroom was comfortable and had enough space for toiletries.  The pillows and bed are like a cloud.  I want their comforters in the worst way but no one will tell me what it is (yes I have gone as far to check for tags and beg the front desk clerks).  We left for several hours to enjoy the night and came back to have some after dinner drinks in the bar.  The place was packed but the staff easily navigated the crowd and we were served within a few minutes.  I really enjoy staying at this hotel.  I highly recommend you staying here if you can.  Enjoy!
3	A grand "old dame" of a hotel. Friendly, efficient staff. Well appointed.
5	Great old hotel with homages to the hotel's history throughout. Excellent in-room service. Get the coffee! It's good! Rooms vary in size and amenities. I've been happy with each room I've been in. Great service, easy in/out. Responsive and efficient luggage valet. Two decent restaurants. Gift shop has a nice range of items and their hours are excellent. Not sure what the actual hours are but is usually open. It's on my company's list of preferred hotels so I hope to keep staying here when I come to Pgh!
3	The hotel lobby is beautiful early 20th century architecture.  Even The Starbucks, tucked inside the lobby, is handsome. The room was attractive, but I think housekeeping (& maintainence) need some attention. There was a large chunk of bread beneath the hassock, the hair dryer was cracked and one of the Roman shades would not go down. (I left a note on the shade, but I'll bet that the next guest will up with the sun - ready or not.)  Oh, and if you do plan to sleep in, make sure to put the privacy sign on the door or between 7:30 and 8 AM you'll get a "housekeeping" knock. (Never had a hotel making the rounds that early!)But the most annoying occurance was on our last morning, while the Mrs. showered I ran down to Starbucks to get us some coffee, upon returning my electronic key wouldn't work.  I asked one of the housekeepers to open the door, but according to her list, this was not my room.  She had to call security.  10 minutes later, security arrives but has to see ID. After proving 'I was I - and this was indeed my room, without apology he was off.  Perhaps it's mega-chain malaise, but there definetly seems to be a brush up needed on client etiquette. Despite its challenges, the building is beautiful, the location is great and the $20 breakfast buffet was very good.  (Oh, but the $10/ day for WiFi is so tacky for this hotels prices.)
5	I've been here twice. Once for a weekend and the other just for dinner. When I stayed here we parked in the garage across the street. It actually was a little easer then valet parking. When we valeted we found ourselves waiting to be noticed by the valets. Granted it did seem pretty busy. Walking in I was mesmerized by the beautiful chandeliers. I must admit I had an "oooo shinny things" moment. The lobby is open and quit large but still managed to have a cozy feeling. Checking in was easy and they even gave my boy a little backpack of activities. Our room was nice and clean. The decor was lovely with shades of red gold and coppery orange. The bed was comfortable as were the pillows. I think my favorite thing is they bring milk and cookies for children before bedtime. My son gobbled them up. I wouldn't think from walking in that this would be a good hotel for children but it was. The hotel is lovely and we enjoyed our stay. If your looking for a nice hotel this is a great option.
3	I've never had a bad room at the Omni and I've always enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  It's in a great location and with the "T" up the road you can get virtually anywhere you need to go fast and for free. This was my 4th stay at the Omni and over all it was just as great of an experience as always.I love that I know what to expect for parking, the garage across the street is $5 every time you leave. I also know I will not receive a complimentary breakfast, but hey there's a Starbucks so I can live with that! The rooms are always clean and staff is somewhat pleasant (about what you expect at a fancier hotel).But employees/managers of the Omni William Penn please explain to me why you have now decided to charge your customers $10-$15 to use the WIFI on top of the large some of money they pay just to sleep in your comfy beds? I can get free WIFI at a Super 8, at a Comfort Inn, at the Cambria Suites, or basically any hotel or motel in America. You've always been a 5-star hotel. But I feel like you did me wrong this time.
1	I'm here for the week on business. Upon arrival I was happy with the hotel. Around 1am I was woken up by the room next to me that had an "incident". There was a crying infant and fighting adults who were screaming and banging on the door. I had to call the front desk to call security TWO times before anything happened. This went on for at least an hour. I'm livid about the sleep I lost and discomfort I had to experience. I didn't feel safe to even leave my room. The door was eventually broken into I'm assuming I will attach an image in another post. When I spoke to the manager this morning she offered me a free breakfast and WiFi... really? That's not customer service. I will not be staying here again and I will make sure no one from my company stays here in the future.
4	When you walk into the hotel you'll be blown away by the beautiful and grand lobby...has a real old time glamour vibe. The rooms were spacious and comfortable. Staff was friendly and knowledgeable. I'll definitely stay here next time I'm in Pittsburgh
3	This is a lovely hotel and I've stayed here before but....  On this three day visit, I'm booked into the nosiest hotel room I've ever stayed in.  I'm 65 and I have stayed in hundreds of hotel rooms during my life.  This particular room faces a courtyard with some sort of AC or ventilation system that hums away loud enough during the night to awaken the state of Wisconsin.  I was on the phone to someone and they asked if I was in the subway.The first night I checked in, I was so tired, I just fell right to sleep.  But last night, the 2nd night of the stay, the noise was so loud, I had to leave the TV on with the volume up, just to try and mask the noise.I went to the front desk this morning and was told that the hotel was sold out but I'd be put on a waiting list for another room, but honestly, the attractive young clerk told me, it was unlikely.So basically, two sleepiness nights for a three night stay. How could a hotel offer guests rooms with that level of noise?  Perhaps many of the people who stay here are hard of hearing.Next time, will make a point in all future visits to large city hotels, to make sure QUIET is in the description of the room.Update:  Hotel was very sorry, has offered to change the room and send up lunch.  But still, how could they offer rooms with this sort of noise?
1	Not worth the money! I made a reservation at the same time my sister and family did for a wedding. I reserved my room over a month before I got there. The room was half the size of my sisters. I paid cash and still was charged on my credit card for odd things I don't even purchased. I've stayed at lavish hotel's all around and I must say for the money this was a regular room. Nothing special at all. Never going back. The lady that checked me in was extremely rude.
4	Big fan of this property.  Either valet car or park in garage across the street. Check in desk is very friendly.  Several good restaurants on premises and there is a bagel shop and Starbucks attached as well.
4	Love this exquisite old hotel. The ONLY reason I left off a star is that we couldn't access the 32nd floor. I will dish out the dinero to stay there again the next time Tekko is in PGH.
5	I stayed in the hotel for 4 nights. I was welcomed warmly at the front desk. I had a suite which had a second bedroom. The dining room, living room and main bedroom were very spacious. The hotel lobby is grand old style. The hotel is located only a few blocks from Grand Central which made it an easy walk from the train. The Grand Ballroom was exquisite and the service impeccable.
5	Gorgeous during the holidays. There is a massive Christmas tree in the lobby and tons of decor to match. This seems like a really old building but is extremely well kept. The staff are super friendly as most everyone is Pittsburgh seemed. I wish I could have stayed here a little longer but this was a stop on my way to new work. A solid 6 hour drive to NY,NY from here. Worth staying at.
4	Absolutely gorgeous hotel! I believe it's a four star hotel, as far as hotel ratings go, however, you would think there would be more amenities with the price per room. I get not having a free breakfast or anything like that, but they even charge $5 for the bottle of water they leave in your room. And $9.95 a day for wifi?! That's just not right! I look forward to trying the speakeasy tomorrow night, which I heard is pretty cool.
5	The location is the best in Pittsburgh next to the Staples Center. The staff from the front desk and the concierge, the Ritz Carlton Spa were very helpful and very accommodating. Kudos toJoy and Robyn. There is even a courtesy limo to take you to the convention center. What an added bonus feature.Love this resort.! The restaurant's neapolitan pizza was excellent.
2	Overview:The Omni William Penn Hotel is a 3 to 4 star hotel in the heart of the Pittsburgh downtown with a decent sized bedroom and good cleanliness, but poor heating, a poor room design, and a cramped bathroom without a tub, and about average pricing for its class.The Room:Standard king sized bed with a nightstand with an electrical outlet built into the base of the lamp (something every hotel should have). I did not find the bed to be particularly comfortable but one confounding factor was that the heat did not work in the room which caused me to wake up several times in the middle of the night. I visited in December and the vents only blew cold air for some odd reason, and yes, I even tried pumping the "target" temperature to 73F. The desk has two electrical outlets built into its base and is a great size for working. Unfortunately, the WiFi is NOT free unless you're a special member. The television is relatively small, positioned quite far away from the bed, and at an odd angle from the desk, so I didn't actually use it much. The signal didn't appear to be high definition or the television was configured poorly.The Bathroom:Excellent soaps/shampoos, BUT the bathroom itself was extremely small. I had very little room to put my toiletries like my contacts, tooth brush, various hair products, etc and was basically right up against the towel rack when sitting on the toilet. It was far from ideal. There is a large shower but no bathtub.The Location:My particular room did not have a view of anything but the giant building next to me, but I thought the location was very good. When you check in, you are given a nice little map of the museum and touristy things to do within walking distance.Conclusions:The Omni William Penn in downtown Pittsburgh is in a great location for experiencing downtown Pittsburgh, and is very close to the 28X bus from the airport, but the poor room design and lack of heating are significant enough drawbacks that will keep me from coming back again.
2	Was less than pleased with our experience.  Booked and prepaid for our room a month in advance on hotels.com.  The hotel website states a 3pm check in time.  We arrived  at 4pm to be told our room was not ready.  45 minutes later after I complained for ten minutes the manager escorted us to our room but told us we couldn't leave it for twenty minutes because there were important people on the floor that we needed to wait for them to leave.   Our room was clean but way way too hot and the climate control did little to help.  Was also disappointed to find out there was a 10 dollar charge to use the hotel wifi.  I won't be staying here again.
5	Nicest hotel in Pittsburgh, great place to bring a date. They also recently opened a speakeasy downstairs that is a nice addition
