5	Annie at AJ's is the type of person you want to do your alterations.  Not only is she bluntly honest (one time I came in wearing a skirt at a length she REFUSED to let me leave with- so she pinned it up), but she will be bluntly honest even if you don't want to hear it.  I've heard her tell other customers that they paid too much for a garment and they need to return it because it is not worth her fees to alter!  How freakin' cool is that?!I've entrusted her to alter my $3000 evening gown after another place screwed it up, and she loves "fixing" all of my $15 finds so they are just right.  Whatever your altering needs, she will make it "perfect"!  She is also very fair with her prices.  The more work she has to do, obviously the more she has to charge.  But small items like a hem (depending on how complicated) usually runs $10-15.  ****One thing to know, she has such strong opinions that if you go in there wanting something she thinks will not compliment your body type, she will give you a little bit of a hard time about it.   (But trust me.....If she says something is not right and it would look better at a different length, TRUST HER!)  She goes the extra mile to make sure you look your best!Happy altering!Warmly,Kirin :)
5	I love Annie! Seriously that woman works miracles. I have been to her twice now, once in October of 2008 and just this past October. Both times have been for a bridesmaids dress (you see a pattern? lol) and both times she made sure that my dress fit me like a glove.  The purple dress that is in my profile pic is the one that Annie just recently altered and let me tell you, I swear I didn't think I would fit that dress. One day it was too big, next day it was too small, but after taking it to Annie, she made sure that no matter when I put it on, it would always fit just right and did it EVER! If you are ever in need of alterations, run to Annie. Like the reviewer Kirin said, "Annie is bluntly honest" but she will make you look like a million bucks!
5	This place is so great! I am a nanny and had to bring in a dance outfit to get the straps shorten for the girl I care for. The woman did this for no charge! It was only the second time I went there. She said it would only take her two minutes so no charge. She was super sweet!
1	This was my first and last time going to AJ Sewing. I am new to the area, this was close to my house and I use the dry cleaners next door. I brought in a bridesmaid dress 3 weeks before I needed it. After waiting 15 minutes (This was a good sign to me). She fitted me. I told her I needed before April 13th. She said she would have it done by the 11th. A week prior to picking up I bought in a pair of pants and another dress. I asked if she could have them ready as well, "no problem". I came in on the 11th to pick up and none of the items where done. She said she was too busy with prom dresses. Had she told me this I would have gone some where else. I was annoyed because I need to press one of the dresses. I was leaving for my sisters destination wedding. She said she would iron it, but it was going to wrinkle anyway in the suitcase. So she told me to come back tomorrow and everything will be done at 12 pm. I came back at 2 just in case. The cost was $40 ( I thought that was a little expensive). I had to run some errands so I didn't get to try on everything till that night. One dress wasn't even done, she didn't iron my dress and come to find out screwed up the alteration. I just needed my bridesmaid dress shoulder straps shorten and all through the wedding I had to keep adjusting because my bra was showing,  Then I wore the pants, one leg was longer than the other. You do alterations for a living then things should be perfect. I could have gotten over the tardiness but not to do your job is unacceptable! I will never go there and warn others to stay away. And I think she smokes around the clothes because everything stunk!
5	Annie really knows what she is doing. She is blunt and she will tell you what is wrong right off the bat. Her approach in how she provides her service is raw and real and definitely not fake which I definitely love! I am so tired of fake customer service! She provides her service on a more personal level. Annie's work is superb and definitely well worth it. If saving money and finding the cheapest service is your thing than this place is not for you as you get what you pay for. This place is not for the bargain shopper but Annie does phenomenal work therefore you definitely get your money's worth. Annie has done a lot of my clothes. I trust Annie with my high end suites and ability for her to work past any imperfection on my clothes. She's been doing alterations before I was born so it says a lot about her experience.
1	No stars for this business..Dropped off a dress for alteration on a Saturday with a promise to complete on Thursday. Showed up to pick up dress on Friday morning and not done. No apology and not even an excuse. If I didn't have a party in Friday I would have taken unaltered dress and left. Done last minute with a lot of stress. Will not return to this business. Not reliable.
