5	I got a haircut yesterday by Alyse, and I actually woke up this morning thinking that my hair still looks great. Ive seen lots of hair stylists in LA, NYC, and in town and Alyse gave the best haircut and service I have seen in awhile. She is easy to chat with, offers great advice, and seems to actually enjoy her work.I loved the location and setting as it seems much more laid back and personable than your average salon. I look forward to having Alyse cut my hair in the future.
5	I have been searching for a new hairstylist for over a year after a really emotional dilema left me needing a new stylist.Alyse is FANTASTIC!  She was timely, did a wonderful job with my cut and color, and was fun to chat with.  She was extremely well priced, especially given the location and her experience.  I am SO excited to say that my search for a stylist is finally over, and I'm looking forward to getting my hair done again with her.
5	I love Hair by Alyse!  Alyse takes the time to listen to what I like and what I'm looking for, offers suggestions and always does a great job with my hair! She is flexible when it comes to scheduling, very professional and easy to talk to.  Just the other day someone asked me where I get my hair done -- I wouldn't know what to do with it if it weren't for Alyse!  :)
5	I am so happy I found Alyse because for years I have been looking for a stylist that is both affordable and great with blondes!
5	Alyse is amazing. I love how she cuts and highlights my hair. She is also a sweetheart and really wants you to be happy with your hair. I enjoy my time with Alyse and will continue to go back to her.
5	There is not a person in this state that I would rather go to. Alyse is not only great at what she does, but she is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. It is such a pleasure to go to a place where you can get an awesome haircut and deal with someone who is so professional and outgoing. I wouldn't ever recommend going anywhere else as long as Hair By Alyse is in Arizona. You won't be disappointed and she will certainly brighten up your day.
5	Alyse gets 5 stars! She's helped me with all my hairstyles... Extensions, highlights, a long bob she has done it all. She also did my all bridesmaids hair  for my wedding it was outstanding. The girls were so happy and looked so beautiful.
