4	I went one Friday night right after work and met my wife for a (meaning "one") drink.  It was happy hour and the free hotdogs were there for the eatin'-yum!  WELL, we ordered two bacardi and gingers and the bar tender gave us the drinks and said $4.50 please.  I said, we ordered TWO-why so cheap is it happy hour? She said, nope-"we are always happy here" but that was their REGULAR price. $2.25 for a call drink AND free hotdogs (when i was there) --my kind of place!! We ended up staying for a few hours!! It is attached to the Decatur Drug store which has one of the last drugstore diners in Vegas!I heard the bar is under a new owner, but it doesn't sound like it changed any! www.decaturliquor.com note- you can buy booze to go also!
5	Ahhh, the Decatur! Went there on Thanksgiving day with my boy Dahmer and was plenty surprised by the hospitality. They actually had a complete turkey dinner spread out on the pool table, available for free for everyone. Home made by the local clientele and delicious! Huge beer mugs and a decent tap selection, as well plenty of local characters. Highly recommend this classic dive.
4	Super cool bartenders. Dangerously cheap drinks. What more is there to say?
3	Super strong drinks for super cheap. They have great specials, and it seems they always have a holiday celebration of some sort. The bar is incredibly large too. Wasn't too smokey when I was there, but it was mid afternoon. When I'm, in the area this would be a place to stop again for sure!
4	Unexpected treasure. People refer to it as Decatur Tavern,  but that's not what's on the sign so I was confused at first. I didn't know this place was a proper bar, looks like just a package store, but it's so much more. Inside it has a strange mid-Western bar feel. No frills, just everything you need to have a good time.  Plenty of seating, a pool table and really cheap drinks. Thursday night there was karaoke with Wes and Patti... long rotation but lots of fun song selections and a really good fun-loving vibe... somewhat older crowd with little b.s. There was some drama between two guys but everyone handled their business and it doesn't get stupid. I saw a kitchen but we didn't have any food so I can't comment on quality or hours. I think this place is a great locals gem... good vibe, easy on the wallet, close to the Highway and good place to meet up with friends.
