3	So I don't own any guns or really care to have anything to do with firearms, but I went here with a couple of firearm friendly friends.If I were in to the whole gun thing, then I'd probably do some of my shopping here. This place is huge & there are weapons & gear everywhere. You have to show ID when you enter as you have to be 18 to purchase a firearm in NC. It really is amazing the selection of things that they have, from rifles, to shotguns, to handguns. And don't even think about going in here with bad intentions, as every employee has a firearm on his/her side at all times.For me, I was just a tab bit nervous being around so much ammunition but I'm just not used to this type of setting. But they do have a huge selection of things so if you're in the firearm market, then this is a must stop shop.
4	Being a girl I was quite intimidated walking into a store like this on my own.  But once I was inside the staff made me feel extremely comfortable!  They treated me with respect and didn't automatically assume that I didn't know what I was doing (however, that would've been a correct assumption).  After asking me a few questions to find out my level of expertise and finding out I had barely any gun knowledge, the employees were happy to start from square one and teach me everything I needed to know.  They were all so friendly and extremely knowledgeable.  This store is HUGE and they are very well staffed.  I was greeted and taken care of as soon as I walked in the door even though it seemed to be pretty busy.  While I'm not exactly a gun enthusiast, this place seems to have anything and everything you could possibly need.  From what I hear, this is one of the largest gun shops in North Carolina.  It's family owned and operated and everyone who works there seems to really love what they're doing.  They offer a few different gun courses including an introductory to guns course and a concealed carrying course.  Like Dave S. said in a previous review, it's in kind of a shady area of town, but don't let that dissuade you because once you get in the store you'll forget about the neighborhood.  This is my go-to store for any self defense items I might need.
5	I am in the market for an entry-level shotgun for skeet and field birds.  Heard about this place and thought I would give it a try after work yesterday.  I arrived 10 minutes before closing (5:50pm) and was greeted enthusiastically when I walked in.  I told the greeter that I was new to the store and to firearms in general.  After a quick discussion  about what I was looking for, he immediately introduced me to an extraordinarily knowledgeable associate.  By the way, at 5:50pm on a monday, this place was PACKED.  But there seemed to be 30 or more associates working, so there was no waiting.  Since I was new to skeet shooting, my person helped me look at different fits and helped me with some shouldering and sighting techniques.  The prices seem in-line with what you would find anywhere else.  I was not ready to buy that day, but I am confident I will buy there when the time is right!
3	Great Store if you're looking for something that's hard to find and/or just getting into shooting.  The staff is very well informed and will guide you in the right direction if you're a beginner.  However, their prices are very very inflated.  Also, there is some shady business going on between the prices in the store and the prices on their website, if you don't believe me, look at their terms of service.  So you may want to just go to Hyatt to get good advice, then go somewhere else to purchase!
5	Lemme be clear.  I don't own a gun.  I'm not into shooting guns, or particularly even holding one.  (My hands shake and I start feeling nauseous.) But I gotta say, after being in a few different gun shops for work...this place really takes the cake.  I agree with Dave S.  that Hyatt is a very highly respected shop.  It's in fact one of the top 10 largest in volume gun dealers in the entire country.  (One of the store employees even printed out the article to show me.) You'll see the vast selection of firearms on the walls, in the cases...and all the employees I talked to know their stuff inside and out.  I was told the story behind machine guns, and the history behind certain handguns.  The place is almost ALWAYS packed (even on Black Friday...when they don't offer any discounts/sales) and what I admire is how the salespeople take their time with each customer no matter how busy it is.  The fact the customers all wait patiently and don't get mad...now that's loyalty.
2	cons      OVER PRICED!!!!!pros       EMPLOYEES KNOW THIER STUFFpros       6 MONTH LAY-A-WAY (for the over priced merchandise)For me.... just because the employess are "knowledgeable" doesn't mean I have to pay an extra 75-100 bucks. This is one of the only places in Charlotte that I would feel comfy (and HAVE purchased a gun or 2 from here) coming to. I would come here to gain knowledge of a certain gun, then go somewhere else to purchase. Unless I use my sisters Military Discount.. (Which would still leave me paying too much)SIDE NOTE..... Guns don't kill ppl..... ppl w/ guns kill ppl. I have yet to find the scientifc study to a room filled with guns.. Which Gun would fire off (randomly w/o someone pulling a trigger).   Guess I'll keep checking FOX news... Cheers
5	I've started attending a defensive pistol shooting club and one of my friends has lent me a gun to use, but I need some of the accessories to go with it. A proper holster, some speed loaders, a cleaning kit, a trigger lock and a bunch of 'dummy' bullets so that I can safely practice reloading. I headed to Hyatt because they have everything!The staff is very helpful and were more than patient to point out where stuff was in the large shop and provide expert recommendations. They have a great selection of all of the stuff I wanted, but I think that the prices were quite high. If you are buying something that can ship in the mail (i.e., not a gun or live rounds), then you'll want to get it from eBay or one of the sporting supply shops online. You'll save a ton.
1	No way would I ever go back. I was looking to trade and was offered 40% of what I paid. Gun was brand new. I then asked to see what they had in the price they offered me. Not much, even in the used section.  I told the guy that I was confused with the prices, because I was looking at used guns with new gun prices. He was very defensive and said they had overhead and it's has to be paid for somehow. What a joke. I've been to several other shops who are very friendly and have much better prices.
5	Great selection and don't be fooled by the prices because they haggle and you can get a very competitive deal there. If you don't like to haggle then check out their website for their online deals. That is where you find the usual rock-bottom pricing for the firearms they carry. I'm like a kid in a candy store when I go to Hyatt's. It's located in the hood but don't let that stop you. Once inside you will feel very safe as every employee is carrying heat! Don't have a gun? Go there! Don't want a gun? Good, it will be easy to take your food when the zombie apocalypse happens.
4	Excellent selection and extremely knowledgable staff.  Make sure you check the web site prices vs. the in store price.  I went to buy a Lasermax center fire for my LC9 which I purchased a couple of months earlier at Hyatts.  The in store price was 50% above the web price.  Ultimately they honored the web price but I had to prove it to them.
5	I  have been doing business with Larry and his staff for many years.  When I have questions his staff has always made sure I was comfortable with my decisions on new firearms and supplies.Thanks Larry and the Hyatt Team
1	Very overpriced!!! save your money and go elsewhere. Not willing to deal!  Go to Eagle guns instead.
4	I went to Firepower and Carolina Sporting Arms before venturing over to Hyatt Gun Shop. By far, Hyatt's staff were more friendly and helpful. They have a huge selection of guns. I spent about 15 minutes with one of their experts basically designing the rifle that I wanted. Now, when they shared the price it was over my budget,  but that is the case with everything right? So I went home and shopped online and found the same items at 25-30% lower price. I suspect Hyatt has a big staff and carries a lot of overhead but you get that expertise as a customer. I can order all my items on-line but there's a certain amount of compensation I owe Hyatt for their great service. So - just know that they cost a little more but you can't beat the selection or the service and that is worth a lot these days.
2	Apparently yelp decided to remove my original review "because it lacks a firsthand customer experience".  Well, I've had a few "firsthand customer experiences" at Hyatt's.  I just couldn't buy anything there because it was all too bloody expensive!  Use the internet or drive over to Matthews and go to Fire Power.  It will be worth it!
3	I had heard great things about this gun shop from my dad, so while in the area, I thought I should check it out myself (and my boyfriend needed to get some boy-shopping time in).We headed in and were casually walking through.  Many salesman stopped to ask us if we needed.  One asked if what were looking for, we replied that we were just looking.  Then somehow the conversation got to a place where the man was saying that I needed a gun for protection.... Um, no I don't.  I live in Dilworth.  That really turned me off.  Don't target women and tell them they need to buy guns to protect themself.  I've been to quite a few gun stores and this is the first one that did that...My boyfriend seemed impressed with the amount of guns & gun related items.  I was impressed with the sheer amount of people in the store and the number of employees who asked if we needed anything.
5	Alexis below posted about not needing a gun and gave the store a three star rating.   Sorry sweetheart.  YOU DO need a gun and here's why. The day  you need one you may not have one.  Then what? I teach firearms and gun safety classes and have had many women lately telling me why they decided to sign up and get a concealed carry permit.  They also didn't think they needed a gun until they were assaulted.   Women are looked on as victims by any perp who wants to control or harm them.  A gun is an equalizer.  You may never use a  gun for self defense but there might come a day when you need one you won't have one.  Consider the woman at Luby's cafeteria and whom on the ONE day she didn't have one, she lost both her parents due to leaving her gun at home.  Consider the lying hypocrite Gabby Giffords who was shot in the head. She maybe would have been able to save herself and others.  Consider the kids at Columbine if only ONE teacher had a gun.  Consider the Washington Navy yard.   Consider Amanda Collins who recently testified in Colorado about being denied the right to carry on campus and ended up being raped.  Don't think for a moment you don't need one because you live in Dilworth.  There are still robberies, assaults, etc that occur there.  And please, don't blame the gun store or its employees for suggesting a common sense thought.  You may come to regret doing so in the future.
5	My shotgun (870 express) was having trouble getting the last shell to chamber properly.  I took it in and on the spot they identified the problem (worn out spring) and had the replacement part in stock.  For $10 and 20 min of my time my gun is working properly now.  Very happy with my experience with Hyatt and I will return.
5	Hyatt Gun Shop should be a lesson to every other business on Earth about customer service.  Every single employee is helpful and friendly.  There's none of the elitist attitude that is typical of many gun stores.  They're knowledgeable but don't make you feel like a moron.  On a practical note, I've purchased two firearms here and in both cases prices were better on their online store.  You're probably best off buying what you want (if you already know what you want) online, then picking it up in store.  My most recent purchase was this way, and I payed about $100 less online than the price tag said when the guy behind the counter handed it to me.  Granted I've only bought two guns here, but I suspect such will be the case more often than not.Ammo prices reflect the free market.  All the ammo I've bought here has been on par with gunbroker.com (I checked on my phone before buying), which I think is the best indicator of market conditions.  People complaining about the prices obviously don't understand supply and demand.  The demand right now is significantly higher than supply.  There are two ways a business can react to that.  1) They can take the approach that Walmart has and restrict how many boxes each customer can purchase per day (which still leads to shortages as we have seen), or 2) They can raise the price which Hyatt and most others have done, reasonably in my opinion.  Yes, prices are high and that sucks, but with this approach it is still available if you are willing to pay.  Notice how Hyatt has plenty of selection, anything you want from what I saw.  It's not Hyatt's fault that the demand is so high right now (you have the government to thank for that).I've never used their gunsmithing services, so I can't speak to them.I'll be taking some classes with them soon, and given the impressive backgrounds of the guys teaching them, I suspect they will be awesome.This is a great, great store and I highly recommend it.
5	Hyatt's has two extremely strong reasons why you should shop there: Selection and Service.   They have the best selection of firearms, east of the Mississippi river.   And the level of service is unmatched.   There are several "experienced" gunsmiths on duty every day and if you need something fixed, it can usually be done while you wait.  The staff knows firearms and won't BS you.  The prices are higher than online, however they will accept a reasonable offer.   And if you are not happy, they will make it right.
