5	So it's last September and I decide I am tired of shaving my face... Weeks go by and I have a new grizzly but handsome beard (thanks honey). Anyway, I stumble into Fabulous Cuts because it's next to Barro's and I need to sharpen up for a business meeting. That's when I met Boris, the proprietor, and he's gooood. Boris is only about 30 years old but he must have starting cutting hair and doing hot-shave's at age 6. In fact I think he did in his dad's joint a few blocks away. He's awesome.Now I am a regular shave customer (I go here as often as my wife get's her nails done). Men and their sons pack this place for haircuts but I come for the old-school beard trim and hot shave. My face literally feels like soft porcelain doll when Boris is done. My wifey LOVES it. This is old-fashioned quality from a barber and I'm told the other guys in there use the same shave processes. But WAIT, there's more... feel like a protein infused berry smoothie while your face is made soft as a baby's butt? Boris has that too. They will whip you up a smoothie or a shake in the back. I kid you not, it's the weirdest, but COOLEST, thing I have ever seen in a barber shop. Sometimes there's a wait, but this place is worth it. Enjoy.
5	I first came into Fabulous cuts about 5 months ago would honestly have to say one of the best hair cuts I've gotten in Scottsdale with prices you can't beat.      A lot has to be said about the staff as well, the first time I went in Val did an awesome job on my hair, but it was my second time in that I met Boris the owner. I started talking to him and got the impression that he is extremely business oriented with a steady hand and a good head on his shoulders. If Boris keeps it up his business will go far... I've been there countless times since and I will continue far into the future.... Fabulous cuts keeps me lookin fly!
5	I take my son (he is 4) to Fabulous Cuts every other month.  I was a little hesitant to take such a small kid to a real barbershop but it was close to Tutor Time, so it was very convenient.  This place is awesome.  We have seen 3 different people and they all did a great job not only on his hair, but in keeping him comfortable and entertained (they have a TV at each station).  So my little guy gets a great haircut, the warm towel treatment, and gets to watch Spongebob - all during a task he used to hate.
5	Friendly environment and great haircuts.I will be back every two weeks based upon one visit.
5	Have been enjoying my haircuts from this place for a few months now. My two year old son has been getting his here as we'll and is finally starting to relax with our Boris. This past time he even let him use clippers. H was running a great deal on $10 kids haircuts so it was the perfect time to bring him. I'm on my way there now but thought I had to yelp for the good work he is doing.
5	Family owned and run...  The barber staff does a great job listening to what you want, so the welcome your specific haircut details.  Boris is the owner, who can cut with the best of them, but the entire staff is very detail oriented and gives great haircuts.  Highly recommended for anyone getting a haircut in North Phoenix or Scottsdale.
5	This place is awesome, excited to go back. Will be continuous customer after first visit!
5	Boris does it right. Was referred here by my boss and nearly a year later can still say I'm happy he did. Perfect fades and the traditional barber style hot cloth and massage are a nice touch to an already stellar hair cut.
3	I was very disappointed with my haircut. The gentlemen who cut my hair (I won't say his name) seemed stoned. no joke. I was impressed with the eight 5 star ratings but it appears they are all from people who got their cut from the owner. I'm new to the area and my house is walking distance so I thought I would give it a try. So I went for it and alas, not so great. Might give it another shot with my son and try another person.
