5	First of all, I am not a massage type of person before I visit this place. I never felt comfortable to have someone's hands on my back. After reviewing all the options I found on the Internet. I decided to pay a visit to Massage Heights in Gilbert AZ. The store manager Barry actually gave me a tour before I made my decision to stay or not. I asked a lot of questions about everything I had doubt about massage therapy. He answered all the questions nicely even I forgot that after all.While I was waiting, the lady at counter answered phone very professionally that make me feel more conformable. She has to arrange some appointment for those people who changed schedule. I am not the only one decide to walk in. There are two girls in front of me. I have to wait a little longer, because I walked in without making appointment. Should make appointment before visiting. Wished they offer FREE Wi-Fi, so I can get some work done while waiting.Anyway, they offer introductory coupons on the Internet that you can print at http://www.smartlocalshoppers.com/store/view/promotions/1066/ Their room is clean and quiet. After all, it's a great experience and good decision to pay a visit. Will recommend my sister-in-law to get relax treatment when she visit us.
4	I stopped by after being in back pain for quite some time and visiting a friend in the area. I usually  go to Massage Envy and was unfamiliar with this other brand of discount massage centers. I was given the same type of intro offer at around $40 but what differed is they try to sell you on a variety of products called "elevations" including foot scrubs, hot stone therapy,etc for a discount price. I wasn't overly sold on it which was nice and just said no to the offer. I had a therapist named Jaime who looked young (and in my mind inexperienced) and I asked fora firm massage since often firm gets me a fairly soft and almost worthless one. I've had a dozen or so massages in the Valley and mostly at Massage Envy and this one compares very favorably based on the fact that my therapist definitely gave me a firm massage and that I definitely felt loosened up and relaxed. It also helped that due to the somehwhat isolated location, and time of day (mid afternoon) there were not a lot of people around and sometimes in these strip mall locations, you can over hear footsteps and the coming and going of customers. Definitely recommended if you live in the area and I believe it's their only valley location which is why I give it a 4.
2	Last year i purchased a couples massage for my boyfriend and I.... The massages were fine (at least  mine was) the problem we had was the fact that we had asked for a man and a woman duo to massage us... The male for me and female for him. However they chose to do it their own way. He was instructing her and whispering to her the whole time, not very relaxing. My favorite part was her sniffling over me for an hour...
2	The place is nice and clean. While checking in, the receptionist was very polite and friendly. My massage therapist was OK. She talked a but too much and made several comments on my "beautiful hair." (trust me, it's not beautiful). The comments made the whole thing awkward. After the massage, I got the expected spiel about signing up for a membership. I declined. I was then pressured to "take care of my health, do what was right," and sign up for a membership. And OF COURSE corporate is raising prices at the end of Ma and this will lock in my price, yadda, yadda, yadda. I declined. It took me 20 mins to get out of there and it was worse than dealing with a car salesman. I will NOT be returning.
1	This place doesn't even deserve a star. These people are shady and are only after your money. I would consider another massage place before landing on this one. The "manager" is seriously something else she doesn't know how to run a business properly. Besides, the front desk girls have ALWAYS been rude and will not take no for an answer when you tell them you don't want a membership. It's things like this that's make you thick twice about coming in. First off you're here to relax NOT be pressured into anything after you're all nice and relaxed. How ever there's pleanty of nice spas out there that WILL NOT be rude and pressure you into things. Also another thing these therapist must have lost their "touch" also. These are just half assed massages you could probably get a way better massage at a student clinc. They probably will not jip you of your time on the massage also. Beware that they're just after your money not to help you're overal health and body.
4	Was my first time at Massage Heights, and my first massage in way too long!Arrived about 10 minutes early, figuring there would be an intake form for me to fill out.  As soon as I was done, I was introduced to Margaret and taken into one of the back rooms. Margaret was professional and kind, easy to talk to, very thorough and listened to everything I had to say.  The massage itself was PERFECT. Just what I needed.  I'll be back next month!
1	They need to learn customer service skills and soon!!  Stick with a private massage or Massage Envy.  They just are completely indifferent to you and the new director Steven is arrogant and rude.
2	I had a deal for a facial and massage.  I walked in and filled out my paperwork.  I got right in on time to my facial.  It was fantastic.  One of the best I have ever had.  I wanted to use the restroom before my facial but the lock was broken on the door.  Anyways, I got into my massage on time.  This is where it got disappointing.  I told the massage therapist to do a 3 on a scale of 1-5 but she did it too hard.  I asked her to lighten up but it still was too painful.  I have had many massages before and this was the worst.  She also talked a lot.Upon checkout, I was talked to forever about signing up for their plan.  But how can I do that after that massage?  I would go back for a facial but they are so expensive compared to other places.  The place was clean and it was a very comfortable environment.
4	I bought a groupon for the hot stone massage. Everything was wonderful! Stephanie was my massage therapist and she was great. Gave firm pressure and was quiet. The woman at the counter was so nice as well. Yes she talked about their membership program, but she wasn't pushy in the slightest!
1	I lived in another city before moving here and the Massage Heights there was pretty great, but not this location!  I've had appointments get cancelled at the last minute due to the therapist being gone/sick/not available/booking error....Last time I went in, the therapist I was scheduled with wasn't even there so someone had to take her place and it was a horrible massage.  They used to call to confirm my appointments but they stopped doing that.... I have had many times where I would call to confirm an appointment and it wasn't listed correctly.  I am in the process of finding a new therapist closer to Chandler, because the drive out to this place isn't worth it.
2	Had a gift card from family in Iowa where the Massage Heights is absolutely perfect! This location did not leave me relaxed. My boyfriend and I had massages scheduled for 4pm. It was a 45 minute drive for us from Glendale. Immediately after checking in, the receptionist called another couple and informed them that their 4 pm massages had to be rescheduled. I wonder if we only got to keep our appointment due to arriving first. I felt stressed for the people who were rescheduled. Then another client was called and asked to reschedule. The receptionist and another associate discussed what to offer her since it was their THIRD time rescheduling her. Something isn't working there. The massage itself was pretty good...But in the last 10 minutes the therapist kept asking me questions, not relaxing! Afterwords we were hounded about a membership! I left feeling there was much to be desired about my massage.
3	Great massage however was misinformed information.  When making the appointment I was told one price but after massage completed I was charged a completely different pricing (higher) Lots of miscommunication going on. Hopefully they get it together,  great place.  Make sure you double and triple checking pricing before any scheduling also get names of contacts.
