4	Great place. They took me for a mani/pedi even though it was almost closing. I always come here for brow waxing & they always do a great job. The staff is friendly and accommodating.
1	I am new to this area so I thought I would try them out. Needed an acrylic fill. Nail tech asked if I wanted back fill & I said yes. The entire experience was a mess. The nail stuff was all over my fingers & the tech kept yanking my hand like she was annoyed. Half of my nail is white! I told her too much white & she said we could file them down so now I have VERY thick super short nails that are half white. The sides were all uneven & just a joke. I didn't even have her paint them I was so upset. I'm going to go somewhere else & have them fixed. Ive been getting my nails done for years & had good & bad. This was the worst. Save your time & $ and go somewhere else.
5	My girlfriend convinced me to try a pedicure, since being diabetic can have its issues with nerve damage and cutting toenails.I was pleasantly surprised. The staff is very professional and the facility is very clean. I know it's a-typical for a guy to post a review about a nail salon, but this establishment is awesome and they make their clientele feel very comfortable.
5	My mother and I love the staff at Nails of the World on Arizona Ave!! As loyal clients for over 5 years, we always recommend their services. We always receive professional personalized service, the facility is very clean and they provide an comforting relaxed nail experience. Whether I'm getting a gel manicure, an express pedicure or my eyelashes filled or even wax services - It's always top service and treatment. Take it from a loyal customer!!
5	Another visit and another great experience! They were very busy, but that didn't have any affect on the quality of their service. I'll definitely return to this establishment. Thanks to all of the staff for your great service!
5	I can only offer praises... yes, it can get busy, but it's worth the wait.  The spa pedicure has everything I could want... callous, sugar scrub, hot towel, and my personal fave... paraffin.It's like that line from Karate Kid, "Get him a body bag!"... yes, I would love to fully immerse myself in that toasty elixir of softness... even m'lady parts.  It's like Snuggle for your epidermis... but alas, they'll only agree to wax your feet... which is good enough for now.They accept AMEX, Visa & MC, but appreciate cash for gratuity.  I think they'd prefer cash for the whole shebang... I know I would.They also have no qualms with putting a bright coat of hi-gloss on your little piggies... they will call your bluff... so know this before wandering down a bad path.And when your done, strut those newly pedicured feet down the asphalt runway to Inta'Juice for a little wheatgrass action.  No one's gonna spoil your party, not today!
5	Another great experience at my favorite nail/eyelash salon.  Wonderful customer service and always clean !!
4	If you are looking for a great deal on a pedicure, Nails of the World is the place to go! Compared to Pink Polish, the deluxe pedicure here is a much better deal ($45 @ Pink and $32 here) but sometimes the wait is soooooo long. However, they do little things, like fix my broken toenail for no charge (something I know Pink wouldn't do) and have parrafin, that make the wait worth it. I find myself alternating between here and Pink. I am obsessed with parrafin and wish more places offered it. I think next time I plan to come here, I will make an appointment and see if that helps with the wait issue.
