4	I did not end up buying my wedding dress here, but I thought I'd recommend this place anyway. Anyone shopping for a wedding dress should at least check this place out.  There is a large selection of used, off the rack & sample wedding dresses here to check out. Plus , they have someone to do alterations. I forgot their names, but the two ladies that helped me were very nice and friendly. My only complaint is, I made an appointment and they were late and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to arrive.
4	Encore Bridal Boutique deserves four stars because of the potential that this little shop has.  I met Gretchen, the owner, at a Bridal Expo that was held at the Santa Fe.  I loved the dresses that were shown in the fashion show, so I decided to make an appointment.  When I arrived at the shop and began looking at the dresses in the back, I felt pretty uncertain.  The dresses that are available are purchased "as is" which means that I had to find a dress in my size or two sizes up so it could be fitted.  I was not a fan of seeing the gowns on the racks- some were uncovered and the flaws were really noticeable on a few gowns.  My only suggestion would be to put each gown in a clear bag to show that they are all cared for even if they are previously used/sample gowns.  Gretchen had pulled some gowns already that she thought I might like, which was very nice of her... but I am pretty picky and only tried on two gowns which I did not fall in love with (and we all know that this is a must for wedding gowns).I am sure that brides who are looking for a great deal will be able to find something to suit their tastes.  I even spotted a Pnina Tornai and a Maggie Sotterro in the back!  The bride before me ended up purchasing her gown there and seemed very happy! :)  The customer service here is great, as Gretchen is extremely friendly.  I hope that this business continues to grown and thrive.
5	I bought my wedding dress from Encore, and it was a really good experience.  Gretchen was so helpful and kind, and found me a dress that was really similar to what I wanted.  Unfortunately, it was a size 16, and I'm a size 4.  However, Yolanda, the awesome seamstress that works there, was able to take it in beautifully!  Gretchen even cleaned the dress for me at no charge, since it was a bit dirty at the hem from others trying it on.  Encore isn't dirt cheap - expect to pay reasonably reduced, but not insanely low prices - but the service is great and I'd definitely recommend it.
4	A friend bought her dress from here so I decided to make an appointment.  The store is a little office front with a warehouse in the back where the dresses are kept.  There are new dresses with tags, dresses worn once in good condition, and sample dresses in her collection.  The owner was extremely friendly and helpful.  I didn't find my dress here, but I would recommend checking the place out.  The prices are reasonable and cheaper than retail price...BUT I guess I would prefer to pay a few hundred extra for a brand new dress of my own.
1	ZERO!!!! Gretchen Gager stole my wedding dress! I signed a 6 month contract with her and throughout that time, she failed to return my calls. After a while the phone number stopped working as did the website. I emailed her through Facebook several times with no response. I went into the shop to retrieve my dress and found the store was closed. No forwarding address or contact was given. I contacted the Better Business Bureau, Bankruptcy Court, Police and News Ch 13. Just so happens they ran a story on this very subject. I am trying to connect with all the victims of this theft. Perhaps together we can get a lawyer and sue her!
1	I consigned a dress at this shop. I have made several attempts to contact the owner over several months. No return contact. Seller beware. Buyer keep in mind that the dress you might
