2	I'm not ashamed to admit that every once in a while, I get a Bic Mac Attack and have to have some McDonald's.  Well, it happened last weekend while I was at the Galleria Mall to watch the B-Boy Battle Swagger competition.I ordered a Big Mac and one of the new Angus Beef Bacon Cheeseburgers.  To wash it down, I ordered a bottle of Water.....hey, I had to do something healthy to not feel so bad, right?The food came out on time, but they were out of bottled Water....so they gave me the one on display.....huh?! I thought it was hilarious.Anyway, I got my Big Mac fix and thought the Angus Bacon Cheeseburger was alright.Will I return?  Only during the next Big Mac Attack.
1	This particular location has by far the worst service overall. I am not lying when I say that 7 out of 10 visits whether it be drive-thru or walk-in, something is wrong with my order. I can remember my order for extra onions on McRib sandwiches or hamburgers have been produced with extra pickles and no onions. A recent visit took 25 minutes to produce a 10 piece chicken mcnuggets and a soda. I've worked at a McDonald's before, and if I had a valid food card, and ambassadorial privileges, I could have changed the oil, re-heat the fryer, located a box in their freezer, and fry my own food, and still get to school on time. The shift manager gave me a large fries and 2 cups for drinks, not being sensitive to the fact that I had diabetes, and I had ordered nuggets for speedy service and avoidance of excess carbs.The service today was not as bad, but why do they go through the trouble of asking what kind of sauce do I want with my nuggets if they aren't going to give it to me? The guy at the window actually tried to shove me out of drive-thru with only a partial order. This particular instance has happened several times.Unfortunately, I am a fan of their products, and when I get a hankering and wish not to get out of my vehicle, this is the closest location.I have managed 3 food service installations, and I guarantee that I could run that place better than the current crew, given minimal training.I would say the 80's had lousy fashion, 90's had lousy music, and so far, aside from drivers of today, customer service is at its worst, especially for food service and more especially for McDonald's on Sunset and Stephanie.
2	Heading into the Galleria to shoe shop with the wife, she figured it would be beneficial to get me a snack before the doldrums of shoe shopping. Thought the dollar menu should be an inexpensive snack before we went home for a full dinner.It was an easy transaction to get a soda, burger and fries, they're order fulfillment time was about the highlight of the visit.Our food was ready, so we sat down and tore into the bag. The burger was your typical McD's burger, nothing special, tastes like a very cheap, almost beef patty. The fries however, looked and tasted like they had been dropped into the fryer a couple times. Finally, the soda... there was a slightly off taste to it, could be the mix, or the syrup was on its way out, either way, it wasn't the greatest tasting soda I have had.After eating, I went to get my drink refilled, as they normally give one refill per cup at this location. Not this time. Now, if you would like a refill, it is $0.54. I was really tempted to break out the credit card to pay for a refill, just out of spite. Laziness prevailed and I walked away. I can understand not having unlimited refills at a mall, where mallrats could abuse the refill policy. That is why it was perfectly understandable to have only one refill per cup.
1	Hav to pay for refill......use to be free but they got cheap.
3	I love the Ice cream here! Thats the only thing I get when I go to mcdonalds.
