3	This is your typical college coffee shop.  With all sorts of people sitting at the tables with their laptops.  The atmosphere is very cozy and welcoming, as is the smell of the coffee when you walk in.  The staff was really friendly and attentive.  And fast, I have to add, but I just wasn't blown away by their coffee.  It was good, but just not the greatest.  As far as college coffee goes it's passable.
4	I gave it four stars for a few reasons. First because I think you should always support local business instead of feeding the corporate beast. Second the atmosphere is really laid back and not too pretentious like other coffee shops( Chicago, Boston, NY.). Free wifi, can't beat that. The coffee, in my opinion. is just as good as any other "brand" name coffee. The pastries are pretty expensive compared to the drinks. The atmosphere is definitely college, but they have nights for poetry, music, etc. There is also a Ice cream shop, that's really good. It does have out side seating, not sure if it's year round. Definitely check it out it may become your getaway spot!
4	It is a nice local coffee shop. I would suggest Jackson's Java before mentioning any of the national coffee shops. Always full of college people and even more so on poetry nights. The deserts are good. There are not many places in the University area where you can sit down and have a cup of coffee and a slice of cake.
4	In the swarm of umpteen Starbucks and Caribou Coffees, Jackson's Java stands out as an adorable and quaint coffee shop conveniently located in the heart of University City. I spent a few hours at Jackson's Java doing all things efficient - working, writing, drinking copious amounts of tea and coffee and certainly having ice cream at their opposite counter - Cold Mountain Creamery. Jackson's offers free WiFi, a plethora of tables, couches and chairs to complement an all around comfy atmosphere. It was super quiet when I stopped in, and there were roughly 10 people on their laptops. Can we say productive?I only interacted with one employee here and she was very nice, accommodating and happy to describe any drink or snack I pondered. If you're not a coffee drinker, they have a nice selection of loose teas that they can make hot or cold for you. While it's not the best Americano I've ever had, it did the trick. Next time I'm in the area I will definitely stop back in at Jackson's Java!
3	Jackson's Java is lone ranger of independent coffee shops in the University City that I'm aware of.  It's not overly impressive, but its friendly enough place for the college crowd.  And the coffee, teas, sweets, and ice cream sure beats most coffeehouses.I visited Jackson's Java on a Sunday afternoon and had an iced Americano and a slice of tiramisu cheesecake.  Whoa, the Americano was strong.  I nearly spoke in tongues!!!  The cheescake was so-so, kinda spongy from sitting in case sandwhiched between waxed paper for a while.  The coffeehouse is split in two-the other side is a creamery.  The ice cream is top-notch, although a little pricey.Jackson's Java has an abundance of comfy chairs and couches.  A great place to hang out and discuss scholarly topics that you haven't the slightest about  with strangers (this is what librarians do), mu ha haa!!  A little more chill than Starbucks, a few more post-pubscent undegrads, but still a decent place to get your caffeine on.
5	Had my 2nd Iced Americano Saturday (a medium was less than $2) and chatted with a gregarious young barista about her bioinformatics professor's weird name!!!  Love the friendly folks who work here!
4	I was very pleased to find this cafe nearish to the University and open till 11:00pm.  The coffee I had was nothing amazing, but tasty enough to drink black and that's pretty rare these days.  There is a variety of seating from comfy chairs with little tables next to them, booths, plastic furniture, metal chairs outside...whatever your preferences are it's there.  All in all it is a standard non-corporate cafe that is at the same time rather characterless and blah in style.  And the fact that there was just the one person servicing both the cafe and the connected ice cream store next door meant my friend and I were waiting for maybe 10 minutes before we could order.  I'd certainly choose this place over a Starbucks or other chain with canned decor and bad coffee, but I can also imagine that there are cuter and more comfortable cafes with more personal style somewhere near here.
5	Nice atmosphere. Friendly baristas. Freshest bulk coffee around.
4	While at UNC Charlotte, Good alternative to the Starbucks as that was in Harris Teeter. Fresh coffee and snacks and ice-cream
5	I love this place and stop in on a daily basis.  Everyone that works here is real friendly and if you come enough, they even know what you normally drink and will automatically make it.  Can't beat that!  The coffee is real tasty, and they have a variety of other drinks if coffee is not your thing.  They have comfortable seating and free WiFi.  There are always lots of people working on homework and whatnot, so it is a great place to come to if you need to get away and work on something important.  Check it out!
5	A staple! I always see the same people in here every time I stop by, and the coffee is delicious. The internet could be a little bit faster, but the super comfy furniture definitely makes up for it. Don't forget to ask for a membership card!
4	What a nice place to stop for a cup of java, tea, or other similar concoction.  I love the atmosphere...everyone is on a laptop or iPad.  I didn't hear too much conversation (except at my table).  There were plenty of customers in the establishment yet there were plenty of tables available.  A nice spot.  I look forward to trying the other location and hope it is as comfortable as University.
5	casual atmosphere...with a foray of stocking and interesting people
5	I have come through the doors of JJ's for years, I've never been disappointed. The staff has alway treated me like I belong and the place has the best coffee. They always have a variety. It's got a wonderful atmosphere and a very relaxing feel to it. I just moved back to Charlotte not to long ago and JJ's has made it easy being back in the city. Stop in if you're around the university area...You will not be disappointed!
5	Been coming here since day 1 and the coffee is always great!
2	Must be a good place at night. The espresso was collecting a social security check.
4	Good atmosphere.Quiet.Bagel was stale.French roast was tres Bon! Green tea selection is
5	Great coffee and wonderful atmosphere!
5	It's great to go somewhere that can rival with Starbucks for great coffee. I'm in love with the Chocolate Marshmellow latte and Chocolate Chip muffin!
2	I would given Jackson Java 5 stars 2 months ago, but today I'm only giving 2 stars purely on their coffee.  Great selection of coffee and can't go wrong with Noel.  Lately there has been an influx in some great staff members leaving and a very large rotation of new people.  I really enjoyed going somewhere where the staff already knew what I wanted.  Now I can't even count on the place being open.  Showed up one morning and they weren't even open.  I really hope they can pull it together.
4	When I'm heading to work at UNCC it is hard not to stop here and grab a drip coffee or some kind of latte, even when I'm cutting it close.  I work on Saturdays, which means that the campus shops aren't open yet.  Thank goodness for Jackson's.  They brew a solid, if not mindblowing cuppa.I usually get there too early for any kind of ambiance to have developed, so I can't say much about atmosphere. What I can say is that it's very spacious and seemed to have outlets aplenty.  And the service has always been friendly, in a chill and not overbearing kind of way.
3	We stopped in here to refuel after visiting Ikea and before making the trek home. The space is nice, service was good... but I stopped in to order a smoothie and they were out of (not an exaggeration) half the flavor choices.I asked for a chai instead. They were out of that too.The lady working was apologetic, friendly, and gave me a discount for my trouble, but I still can't go much higher than three stars for all those understocked ingredients.
5	This has become my hang out spot for all things from friends, school work, work work, to just chillin reading a book. The ambiance is great. There is one of two types of music piping through the speaker system and an ever so gentle volume: indie rock or jazz. If you are a student this place is perfect for studying, but if your just looking for a great place to read a book or have an "intellectual" conversation Jackson's Java can provide that too. As for the stuff:First and foremost Jackson's Javas tea selection is PHENOMENAL. It's not huge but what they do have is well picked. They have a grande selection of Green Teas (of which I recommend Dragonwell), they have an excellent selection of White Teas (100 Monkey's is the best tea in the store), and their black teas are something I'm just getting into, but the Indian estate teas abound. The espresso is tasty, sometimes the quality depends on the barista that you get, but in general good experience with espresso drinks. My only other recommendation is that you get this new breakfast bar they are making. It has oatmeal, blueberry, apple, and something else all baked into tasty mastery! It's a must have! Lastly, one of my favorite things (this may be a downside for some) is every time I walk out I end up smelling like espresso beans for a good 30 minutes, it's just long enough to be soothing and just short enough not to be weird.
4	Great alternative to a Starbucks.When I was in college this was my off campus place to study.  It was in a location a little further down in the same shopping center and didn't have an ice cream shop but pretty much the same place.There is always at least one flavor to fit your profile for the day.  They will let you try a few if needed.  You can buy beans in bulk as well.  After receiving your "cup o joe", all the accoutrements are right down the line on the back wall.  I love the fact that you have choices in creamers and sugars.  I'm a half and half with sugar in the raw kinda guy and I'm quite particular about that, unless almond milk is available.There are plenty of seats, inside and out.  Magazine of all sorts to read, along with creative loafing.  All in all, this is probably one of my favorite coffee shops in Charlotte.
4	The smell of coffee hits you when you first walk in. It is a great scent.  It's what a coffee place should be like. I ordered the White Russian drip coffee. It's really good stuff and I wish that I lived closer to this place.  Coffee was warm but not hot. I could probably stick my hand in the cup and without injury. I walked in and there was nobody behind the counter. I waited. Waited some more. It felt like ages. Finally someone comes out from somewhere, takes my order and not all that pleasant. Tells the person behind me that she's bored. I was bored waiting for her. Good experience except for customer service and warm coffee-  so 3.5 stars rounds to 4. Seems like a good grab a coffee and sit type of place. Not a fast food-like coffee shop.
3	They're friendly and their drinks aren't too bad. Great place for students to meet and study as well. Will return at some point in time.
4	The coffee was pretty good. Was nice to see a local micro roastery.
5	My favorite coffee shop. Close to home and a great place to meet people to discuss work. And great atmosphere - a little dark and always fragrant since they roast their own beans. Located across Hwy. 49 from UNC Charlotte so always a lot of people drinking and thinking or at least looking like they might be. They even host monthly poetry readings at 8 pm on the second Thursdays of the month. They also have lots of enticing pastries and, on the other side of the coffee bar, a full ice-cream area. On cool autumn days you can sit out front. It overlooks a parking lot, probably the only negative that comes to mind. On the other hand, you can ride your bike or walk here via the Toby Creek Greenway that ends at the other end of the shopping center.
3	Good coffee shop with tea selections. Good alternative to Starbucks and find it's a good meetup spot. Can get packed with college students at times.
5	OMG, findly, a real coffee place! And damn grate coffee! from now on every time i am up there i will be stopping in here a lot!
2	I usually love coming here. the coffee is unique and the atmosphere is very chill and relaxing. however, today I came in and the girl behind the counter was the rudest person i've come across in a while. at first she was annoyed that i made her get up from doing nothing behind the counter. then I ask what her favorite beverage was (something i usually ask and cafes and restaurants, thinking they would know the best thing) and she said she didn't like any of it. literally said that. she then asked what my boyfriend wanted and then rolled her eyes when i said we were splitting a drink. maybe she was having a bad day but that was unacceptable.
5	Found this place on a road trip, easily one of my favourite coffee places I've seen. Super helpful friendly staff, great coffee, relaxed atmosphere. Great place.
5	Jackson's Java has been my fav go-to-spot for coffee for about the last 10 years. It's one of those places where, as they say in the old "Cheers" show, "everyone knows your name". the coffee is superb, the baristas always friendly and if you're a regular, they ask "your usual?" and never get it wrong. Thank God they do have a location in center city near the Green because the University store is getting ready to close. Those of us who've been regulars over the years sat around this morning trying hard, really hard, to figure out where we're going to go hang-out now. NOT Starbucks!and Sasha roasted me 10 lbs. of Columbia Supremo this morning, now that's service!!!
3	Too sad, they closed! Today I went there to arrange for a group sitting and saw that there is no sign of business anymore.  A letter on the door was saying that only the uptown branch is open from now on.
