5	Went to ncounter for breakfast and thought it was top-notch.  Great selection of breakfast favorites like pancakes, eggs, omelettes, muffins, etc., but also some things that are harder to find.  For instance, my wife had the croque monsieur and loved it.The location is right next to the light rail stop and the inside has been redone completely.  It looks nothing like the coffee shop that last inhabited the space (and that is definitely a good thing).  Flavored iced teas are good, as is the orange juice.  I'm really looking forward to going back for lunch, as the sandwiches sound like they'll be as great as the breakfast was.  Give this place a try!
5	Wonderful fit for Mill Ave considering there was no other breakfast option. Tables were close together and could be easily pushed together in the event you have an encounter (get it!) with a stranger and want to become better acquainted. The restaurant was well staffed with friendly people striking up conversations and answering questions. Plus the food was terrific. (It reminded me a lot of Local Breeze: fresh, local, healthy.) The coffee is local and comes from Press Coffee. Delicious and it comes with free refills. They also had a large assortment of baked goods and I'm pretty sure I saw someone with a mimosa. I welcome NCounter to Mill Ave and wish them nothing but the best.
4	i like the home fries here!they know how to make a proper eggs benedict!
4	Sweet heavens there's a good breakfast place on Mill now!NCounter is fast, fun, and tasty. Great portions, good variety, well-executed meals. I've been three times this week, and I've noticed a few minor missteps, but it's their first week and they're off and running.Loved the bananas foster french toast (though the bananas were a little cool, as was the bacon that came with), not sure if they use real maple syrup, since it was coated in awesome... wouldn't mind clarification on that.A bit annoyed that they only have Minute Maid lemonade, and a few other things seem to be more quick-and-dirty versions than home-grown versions (the potatoes for instance, which are tasty, but don't strike me as homemade like Liberty Market's or Matt's Big Breakfast.)Fantastic toast and jam, and good eggs. I tried their chicken sandwich on Foccacia today and it was delightful. Good portion, delicious, and perfectly cooked.The atmosphere is fun, the cupcakes are dangerously dense and delicious, the seating is flexible, and the service was incredibly friendly and darn fast. I wish a few things were a bit higher quality, but that's because I've been spoiled to death by Matt's & Liberty's take-no-prisoners approach. NCounter is a great fit, they've done great things with the space, and seriously: three times this week, the office has trekked on down there.
4	Wonderful wonderful!! Finally a place in downtown Tempe where I can get breakfast. I am an early riser ( 7:30 am on weekends!) and nothing is ever open that early. NCounter answered my prayers. I ordered the eggs Benedict with Canadian bacon. So delicious! It's really easy to make the hollandaise sauce too tart. So not the case here. It was very filling and I had the potatoes on the side. My boyfriend got the Pear omelette and it was sweet and salty, the perfect combination. For a drink I ordered an iced chai tea. Perfect! I have tasted iced chais that have tasted like soap before so I was pleasantly surprised when this didn't taste like it. Did you know they also serve breakfast cocktails?? That's right for only $5 bucks you can get a mimosa, Bellini, or bloody Mary. Most places charge like $7. It's within walking distance from my house and steps away from the light rail. Whether you are a meat eater or non meat eater there is bound to be an item that will satisfy your palette.
2	I really like this concept for a quick breakfast/brunch spot, but the execution wasn't too delicious. If you know me well enough, you'll know my first thought when we walked in was "is there booze???" The answer is yes. I recall seeing your typical breakfast bevies such as mimosas, bellinis, bloody mary's, etc.So you go in, scope out the menu, order at the counter, and they bring you your meal and beverages. I ordered a simple eggs, potatoes, toast and sausage breakfast, and my friend had an omelette. We had just had brunch at Maizie's the day prior and our first impression was disappointment in the portions of the food, considering the prices were also comparable. Oddly, my sausage, potatoes and sunny side eggs had the same consistency, so that was off for me. They were all a bit soft and soggy. We, of course, enjoyed the mimosa and bellini, but $5 each is a bit high considering they're $3 @ at other places, and Cafe Boa down the block offers unlimited mimosas for a fixed fee with food. I thought the location was great, and the Sunday brunch crowd was nice. I'm not sure what it will be like when the students come back, but I don't think I would be back to find out.
5	The best sandwich shop in the city.  Wonderful, creative combinations of ingredients.  Great salads.  Fantastic breakfast items served all day.  Cool, hip atmosphere.  Three days in a row now.  My new favorite lunch spot.
2	Went on a late Saturday morning and found it to be a pretty big disappointment, especially after hearing this is the same people that run TC Eggingtons, which has never disappointed.  Their second week being open so I can understand the long ticket times (20 minutes for breakfast), but not the poorly cooked food.  English muffin on the Eggs Benedict was not even toasted, the potatoes were undercooked and lacked any seasoning.  They looked like they came out of a bag.  The bananas on the Banana Foster French Toast were uncooked and not caramelized with any brown sugar.  The French Toast itself was OK, but for $7 and no side it was pretty bad.  The bacon was cool and seemed to have been cooked off earlier and held in a steam pan like at a buffet.  The biggest nightmare was the setup.  I had no idea where to go as there are 3 entrances, none of which access the counter where you order.  You enter and walk through a maze of tables and people to order your food.  I thought I was in the right line and then realized it was people waiting for espresso.  Then when I got in the right line there were people all over the place and nobody knew who was next.  Was there no thought or planning involved in this style of service to handle busy times?  Sauce & Pei Wei seem to have it nailed, maybe they should take a lesson or two from them.  Second star because they offer breakfast cocktails, unfortunately we will not be back anytime soon to try them.
3	I'm always looking for breakfast/brunch options around town, so when I heard that NCounter had recently opened, I checked out their menu online and I was sold; I knew I had to go try it out.  It looks like 16 or so others beat me to the FTR and they've only been open for a week, so I guess there were plenty of other people excited about this new restaurant opening as well.I'm being very honest in giving a three star "A-OK" review, but I'm optimistic that after another visit or two, I'll be bumping it up.  The first thing I noticed is that NCounter is located in a very convenient corner location off of Mill and 3rd St (right off the light rail).  Next off, their hours: 7am - 3:05pm daily.  Interesting!  Upon walking in, I was greeted by a bunch of friendly servers...I love the fast-casual concept where you order at the counter (hence the name, I suppose) and then get your drink(s) on your own but then your food is brought to you... I was torn as I looked at the menu as there were a handful of items that sounded good to me.  My internal dialogue went something like this:"Mmmmm... smoothies!""Oh wow - they serve espresso and amazing sounding coffee drinks too - very impressive but I'll skip those today since I'm avoiding caffeine while being prego.""Bloody Marys, Mimosas, Screwdrivers, Greyhounds, and more..." I'm for sure coming back for one of those after this baby comes!""OK - back to the food menu... those wheat germ granola pancakes sound like they'd be right up my alley!""But maybe I should just go for an omelette?""That bakery case looks pretty damn appealing too with cake pops, muffins, pastries, and more..."After much of the above debating, I decided to order a fresh squeezed OJ and a Greek Omelette with egg whites and no onions.  For my side, I went with whole grain toast.  I grabbed my OJ and an iced water and found a table... and despite the restaurant being packed, our food arrived within 10 minutes.  Here's where my constructive criticism comes in for NCounter: -A couple of onions got thrown in there, but that's forgiveable.  -I suggest toasting the bread a bit more if you're going to call it toast; mine was not toasted!-The verbiage that is listed with the Omelettes on the menu says "with your choice of toast, potatoes, fruit, cottage cheese or tomatoes."  So I assumed my omelette would come with my choice of one of those things.  It actually came with potatoes as well as the toast I asked for, which was a bonus, but I would've prefered to order toast and fruit or toast and cottage cheese!-The artichokes on the omelette were cold but the rest of the omelette was hot - just kind of a weird combo with each bite.Aside from the above complaints, my food was good and considering they've only been open a week, I had a very positive first experience here.  Overall, this place is awesome and a welcome addition to the hood!  I can't wait to go back soon and try those pancakes... or perhaps a smoothie?!
1	nice design...they forgot the quality food....
2	Oh Ncounter.  I was so excited. Why oh why was my food so cold and flavorless.I live within biking distance to Mill, so I was thrilled to see a new cool spot was opening up.  I was picturing cruising to Ncounter to grab a coffee and an omelet and going about my merry way.Sadly, this fantasy will not come to fruition.Understandably, the place has only been open a week.  I know how hard it can be to work out the opening kinks, I've been in service for going on a hundred years now, so if I happen to go back, I'll be happy to reevaluate.  But honestly, this isn't the first restaurant you've opened...so why the subpar food???I can only speak about the food I tried, so here it goes:I ordered a latte and the Greek omelet.  I was pleasantly surprised by the latte.  I get soy milk, and often places somehow manage to make it taste like wood pulp, but here they got it right! Hooray, they passed the first test!  On to the omelet.  Yuck.  I don't know what the story was with this thing.  First off, cold. Secondly, raw white onions are just not my cup of tea.  I expected them to be sauteed and possibly seasoned.  But no.  Just raw, cold white onions.  Add cold artichokes, tomatoes, and a mere hint of feta cheese, and there you have the greek omelet.  I would have hoped for some sort of seasoning...I don't even think there was salt and pepper. :(My boyfriend got the Ncounter omelet and an americano.  Unfortunately, his were both strikes.  The americano barely tasted like espresso.  I'm not quite sure if their barista knows what they're doing.  And his omelet? wow...the presentation itself was...well...gross.  Take a look at the accompanying pics...I think cottage cheese and hollandaise sauce should be put in cups...otherwise it looks like a big, multi-colored splat.  No, the taste wasn't there either.  The hollandaise was lackluster, and that was really all that you could taste.  Damn.  I love hollandaise, I was hoping for a really indulgent, amazing, gluttony inducing, goop.  But no again.The service was pretty good.  You could tell the cashier's were sick of the same questions, but I know how that goes.  At least they were smiling through their frustration.I'd like to end this review by saying this: throughout writing this, I have decided to go back in a month or so.  I hope all the kinks are worked out, the cooks find their groove, and the barista gets the hang of it all.  I really would like my fantasy of a weekend brunch on the patio after a little bike ride to come true............    A five star review is in the works...I just feel it!!!
4	This place is awesome and fast which is a big bonus for the Mill lunch crowd. I ordered at the counter and had my food within 10 minutes. The tropical Iced Tea was delicious and so was my salad. I ordered the Chop, it had arugula, cranberries, corn, feta, red pepper, chicken and couscous (loved the couscous) and a slightly sweet and creamy basil pesto dressing.I felt so good about my healthy lunch I splurged and split a chocolate cupcake with Georgie. It was moist and not overly sweet, I detected a faint hint of coffee in the icing. I will definately be back..
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE. I have been 4 times since it opened and have yet to be disappointed. The french toast is like a cinnamon roll that is battered, pan sauteed and served for your enjoyment. The portions are enough to leave you full but not uncomfortably full. The staff also seem pretty knowledgeable which is impressive for it just opening. Daniel was especially helpful today when I placed a to-go order and realized their side of fruit had melon in it (I'm allergic). So he went in the back and cut up some strawberries, grapes and apples. Thanks Daniel! Anyway, I highly recommend this place. The service is fast, the atmosphere is relaxed and the food is good. What more could you ask for?
4	I've only been to Ncounter once, but I had a pleasant experience and will definitely go back.My first impression was that I loved how airy and cute and modern the decor is. And it has plenty of seating, which is always good. I ordered the Farmer's Market eggs, which are a take on Eggs Benedict, and freshly squeezed OJ. The only hiccup with service was that I didn't realize that they don't bring the OJ out to you w/ the rest of the food and they didn't explain that you actually grab it from a little fridge cart near the counter - but that wasn't a huge deal.The food came out fairly quickly and my dish was super yummy. Eggs perfectly cooked, a nice hollandaise sauce, decent potatoes... and I love anything w/ spinach and avocado. I'm not exaggerating when I say that I was "this close" to licking my plate clean. My co-worker ordered one of their sandwiches and said it was good, and specifically commented how good the bacon was. I can't wait to go back and try some of their pastries and coffee.
2	We were so excited to try this place out, but the place in general was mediocre and overpriced. The girl behind the counter was pretty impatient and rude even though we weren't particularly slow and it wasn't even busy.I ended up getting 2 pieces of pretty average french toast with strawberries that looked and tasted like they came from a can or a jar (blech), and two tiny sausages for over $10. Nothing special, and the lack of fresh fruit really just ruined it. My roommate had an omelette and while our food wasn't bad and the atmosphere was nice, it just wasn't quite worth it.
4	I was very excited to learn that the owners of TC Eggingtons in Mesa, AZ were opening another restaurant and this time in Tempe. I went to high school and college with the owner's daughter so I know the family and how great they are. The same love and passion that they put into their restaurant in Mesa, which has more of a country feel to it, they've put into this very modern and edgy spin on breakfast and lunch. The first time I came was opening weekend for breakfast. After getting a feel for the restaurant we realized that you order up front and then take your order number and find a seat. We elected to sit at their coffee/booze bar and ordered Blood Marys while we waited for our food. The Bloody Marys were awesome with just enough spice to give them a kick, and the perfect amount of alcohol. When our food was ready, which literally only took 10 to 15 minutes to come out despite it being packed, they brought it out to us. I went with a chipoltle breakfast burrito and it was absolutely delicious. I felt it was a little on the small side because when I was finished I still wanted more. My girlfriend went with an omelet and it was just as delicious.My next visit was to try their lunch and while good it didn't have the same wow factor that my breakfast did. I had ordered the Turkey and Avocado sandwich,  can't remember the exact name of it, and it was good. It tasted exactly like a sandwich I would make for myself at home. It was on regular 12 grain bread, had turkey, avocado, lettuce, and tomato on it. Very simple sandwich and it tasted that way. I was hoping to get an iced latte as well, however all they have is milk and soy milk. I've come to really love my iced latte's and mocha's with almond milk as a substitute. I don't take in dairy and as a male I try to avoid soy so my options are limited. Vanilla Almond milk really takes an iced latte/mocha to an all new level. I decided to go with the unsweetened jasmine green tea and it was some of the best tea I've ever had. Despite my disappointment in their lunch and lack of non-dairy options I will definitely be back to NCounter.
5	This was my first visit to Ncounter but it won't be my last "encounter" with the place.  The food was good, the service was excellent and the atmosphere was pleasant for such a busy place.  There was plenty of seating, too.  This will be a great place for those headed to a game to stop in for a bite to eat either on the way there or on their way back because the lightrail is right across the street.  I have also tried this owner's other restaurant, T.C. Eggington's in Mesa and really like it too.
5	After eating at Ncounter for my third time since the opening and being utterly blown away, I felt it was necessary that I get on yelp and offer up my opinion on the experience. Now, if you know me, you know I am not the type to get off my butt and go write a review about some food that i ate. Sorry, but I'm just not that proactive about food i guess. So you can guess that if I am taking the time to sit and write this I must be pretty smitten with the place. You can imagine my surprise when, after logging on to yelp, I see a smattering of poor reviews freckled amongst the five, and four stars I was expecting to see. "What gives?" I'm thinking to myself. This place literally has the BEST breakfast that I have ever had. EVER. I mean, I know I've only managed to get my head in there three times since the opening, but those three dishes were BREATHTAKINGLY delicious. I got the Croque Monsieur last time, a hefty piece of sour dough with honey Dijon mustard, Havarti cheese, thick slices of tomato, topped with over easy eggs. Needless it was everything I could have wanted in a breakfast and more. The atmosphere is the best. I'm 22 years old, so the modern simplicity and buzz really bring in the whole college town feel. The service is always super friendly and energetic, and the music (something the older generation wont appreciate here unfortunately) is sick. They play some of the dopest, most original stuff I have ever heard at a restaurant. To be completely honest, I have brought several friends to this place and not a single person has let a negative word about it escape from their lips. The place is almost always packed too, which would imply that people are liking it a lot. So to me, these one and two star reviews are a little suspicious. I know competition in the Mill Ave restaurant game is fierce, and a place this delicious, with an atmosphere this inviting to college kids, has the potential to scare competitors. So be wary Yelp users, as people are not always what they seem. I urge you to try this place. I have been looking for a new breakfast spot near campus to rival those in my home town of Sedona for years. This place does that and more. Can't wait to bring more friends!
3	The good:Most of the food here is quite tasty, and fresh. Mill ave definitely needed a breakfast place. The Marathoner smoothie is my favorite thing there so far. The customer service is great. If you don't like something, they will take it back and get you something new...even delivering it to you if you work on Mill Avenue.The Bad:Wait times, almost every time I have been there are outrageous. 10 minutes for a smoothie, 25 minutes for a takeout sandwich, 20 minutes when I was sitting, waiting for my food there. The price. I often found myself paying close to $15 for lunch... and I cannot honestly say I think the lunch I received was worth $15.
5	I've been here twice for both breakfast and lunch and the food was luscious. I want to try everything on the menu. Best thing to happen to Mill Ave. in years.
3	Went for the first time this weekend. I was very excited for a new BREAKFAST place to be in Tempe since there are like NONE!~ I ordered the Farm Fresh eggs bene and my wife ordered some omelet, not sure which one and 2 OJ's. $26 later. We got our food fast. The Eggs were done almost perfect!! I was impressed! I am a big stickler for my Eggs being done properly on Eggs bene. They were almost right, just a bit too hard though but the yolk did run! The food was decent. It was not amazing. The potatoes were good but seemed like frozen type. Had a very garlic powder taste to them. I give them just an OK in my book. They should have put some fruit on the plate too. For $8 bene put some fruit along with the meal. Better presentation and well heck I wanted some fruit with my morning bene! Wifes Omelet  was very good. Some spots were over done on omelet. Thats OK, hardly anyone gets Omelets right except for Zinc Bistro! It was good. Great place. I would give it some more time to weed out bad employees and get things really going with their new place. I would not write it off yet.I can see this place sticking around for awhile unless they screw it up and let it go downhill. I am hoping for the best with this place. I will go back soon and hope for an improvement in their score.
4	A friend and I were looking for a place that boasted delicious food and drinks for brunch last Sunday, and we decided to try out NCounter. We arrived at 9:30 a.m. before any rush, which is ALWAYS a huge plus. I felt lucky. The ladies at the counter were perky for a Sunday morning, which is more than I could say for myself...COFFEE PLEASE! After deliberating with my friend about which two dishes to choose out of the dozens that sounded fantastic, I ordered The Pear-- complete with bosc pear, havarti cheese, sliced almonds and bacon. My friend ordered the huevos and chorizo! These meals were tres bien and aye aye aye awesome, respectively. The Pear had crispy bacon served up in the cheesy goodness, which was balanced out by the crisp pears and almonds. I enjoyed the array of tastes present. I topped mine off with a Bloody Mary, which was served in a tall glass with just the right amount of spice. Hurray!  The huevos and chorizo was the right amount of mess. The combination of chorizo, onions, grilled potatoes, salsa, cheese with flour tortilla can never steer me wrong after any night, especially a long one. Our waters were consistently refilled for us by wandering good-looking waiters. The aesthetics and atmosphere looked and felt good to me. There is also the right amount of people-watching one can do here, from the hungover sorority types, to the bicycling hipsters, and cheery family members and friends greeting one another. I was entertained.However, the queue steadily grew towards the door while we enjoyed our conversation and brekkie. So, while I love it, I will never go there during the rush hours. I totally understand some of the frustration about wait times. SO! That said, overall experience was fantastic and I'll get my slow butt up early for breakfast again and again! :)
2	I've been to NCounter several times now and have always been very impressed with the food and the help.  On past visits I would have given them 4 stars, but today was a different story.  I was taking a friend out to lunch for her birthday and was very excited to take her to NCounter since she'd never been.  She ordered a sandwich with the salad and ended up finding a piece of a plastic wrapper in her sandwich.  She didn't make a big deal about it, but we felt we should let them know.  We told one of the wait staff and showed them the piece of plastic that was about the size of a quarter.  The girl did not apologize but did say she'd let the kitchen know about it.  I expected one of the management staff to come out and apologize, but no one did.  When we saw the girl again we asked if she'd let anyone know, she said yes and then she finally apologized for the incident.  We waited a while longer, still hoping we'd get a little more then a forced apology from the wait staff, but still no management in sight, so finally left.  I really wasn't looking for anything more then just a sincere apology and a little concern over our unfortunate incident in their restaurant.  There are many other places to eat in Tempe, so they need to treat their customers right.  NCounter, I'm very disappointed, I thought you were different then that.
4	Was on a bike ride around Tempe Town Lake with friends and saw this was the closest Breakfast spot. I didn't expect much from this place, but I was blown away. The restaurant is arranged nicely and open. It even has a bar and we ordered yummy Bloody Mary's. It is a nice casual atmosphere and service was prompt. I didn't really try any of the food, but friends ordered breakfast burrito and an some kind of omelet. There were no complaints. Cannot wait to go to this place again.
4	I went back to NCounter today at the request of management to give them another chance after my incident last week.  I meet with Daniel and he comped me another lunch.  I got the Chop Salad and it was awesome.  It had the normal salad stuff, but also included couscous, corn, cranberries, and feta cheese.  To top it off it came with a pesto dressing that was superb.I work on Mill and appreciate a place to eat that's consistently good and has staying power.  NCounter is my new favorite!  I highly recommend it, everything I've tried has been delicious.  If the rating was just based on food alone I would have given them 5 stars.  For me, the atmosphere makes it a 4 star rating.  It's very eclectic and modern inside and perfect for this type of restaurant, however I prefer a little less noise so it's easier to talk to my lunch companions.Thank you to the management of NCounter for restoring my faith in their customer service.
5	I had a great first experience at N Counter and I will be back.I'm always looking for a great breakfast spot and the location right on mill is extremely convenient. Their menu is amazing - it was so difficult for me to decide what I wanted, and I'm usually not indecisive when it comes to food decisions. The line was HUGE when we walked in the door - we almost decided to go somewhere else because we figured it would take forever. Wrong! We were probably in line for around 5 minutes; it was moving very quickly. After we ordered, our food came out very fast too. I was impressed. They obviously have their 'flow' down pat and were properly staffed for such a busy morning. I had the eggs n' chorizo, it was fantastic. The pear omelette caught my eye and I will definitely be trying it next time. A breakfast place that's in a decent price range that serves mimosas, bellinis, and bloody mary's? Count me IN! I will definitely be indulging the next time I stumble in after a rough night. Nothing much to say about the service. The girl at the counter was quick and efficient and our food came quickly too. You serve your own drinks and any accoutrements you might need (napkins, silverware, hot sauce, ketchup, sugar, etc) are on the counter next to the soda station for you to take at your convenience. Bottom line for me....the food was amazing, lots of awesome choices and innovative ingredient pairings, and the price was definitely right - I'll be back!
3	Great location and interior design.  Food looked great and diners appeared pleased.  I only had coffee.  Gave the young lady behind the counter the benefit of this was their first open weekend but she couldn't seem to enter a latte in the order machine.  They need to operate coffee bar more like a coffee bar.  BUT the coffee was lukewarm and awful.  Later tried plain doffs rom the coffee dispensers.  Tasted like Folgers!  Please, you are a breakfast place- get great coffee and skip the self serve canisters.
4	the breakfast we had deserved 5 stars! my bananas foster french toast was dreamy. it was so light and tasty, with a little crispy on the edges. even tasted what seemed like a hint of nutmeg? damn it was good!my wife got an omelet and said she was happy with it. for my beverage, i treated myself to a spicy bloody mary. it went down too easily. although i didn't really taste any alcohol, when we got up to leave, i got a little buzz on.the place was packed on a saturday around 11am-ish. full of ASU kids and what looked like alumni. the interior is clean and bright but it is a bit congested as if they're attempting to pack as many people in as possible. there's a nice patio with misters which is where we chose to sit. you order at the counter and then they do the thing where you put a sort of "marker" thing on your table and then the servers bring out your food. personally, when i see this, i'm skeptical because i see alot of servers just kind of wandering around with plates of food looking for the customers. which is what happened to us. after a 15 minute wait, i went up to the counter and apparently they couldn't find us so we didn't get our breakfast. i whined a little and the manager (i think) came out, sincerely apologized and comp'd us another bloody mary. our food was out in the next 3 minutes. i appreciated his business practice. i hope we get to try this place again because alot of their items looked super tasty. hopefully we won't have to wait as long though!
3	Decided to try this place on a late Saturday morning. Super busy inside!! Which is a good sign usually indicating a good product (damn I sounded like my dad just then). Everything on the menu looked delicious, including the bakery case which I wiped my drool off of and stepped away. You order and pay at the counter and your food is brought to your table. I ordered the morning glory omelet and my husband got the bananas foster french toast and a bloody mary. Despite the full restaurant there was still seating available and the patio was open as well. Bathrooms were clean and the beverage station has many condiment options that you can bring back to your table.We were somewhat disgruntled at first, as we waited and waited for our food. We questioned a server twice, and my husband inquired at the counter as well. They told us our food had been ready and they "couldn't find us". Really?So we continued to wait. The problem here is that we already paid, so we couldn't just up and leave. Finally someone comes out (perhaps the manager, he didn't introduce himself) and explains that our ticket got "dropped"-I guess this means it got lost. He offered to make it up to us asking if we wanted anything else to drink or something else to eat. He did bring my husband another bloody mary, but I was tired, had a headache, and only wanted my breakfast. At least the food was good!! Thank you! We both enjoyed what we ordered, and appreciated the manager offering to make it up to us.
4	I am excited about NCounter. For a long time Harlow's has been the only great breakfast joint near me (Mill Avenue area), and though I would be happy to eat there every one of my days off, Kristen doesn't like it much, NCounter to the rescue!    Located super conveniently off the light rail and within walking/biking distance of my house, this new breakfast/sandwhich shop is a humongously welcome addition to Mill. Modern and clean inside with tons of windows and gobs of natural light give a really welcoming feel to NCounter, and the outdoor seating will soon be regularly utilized by yours truly. Walk up to the counter and get a screwdriver or bloody mary, order your food, take your table marker, and admire the surprisingly cool art or watch the foot traffic while you sip and wait.    The food! The menu doesn't hold any big surprises, pancakes, french toast, eggs, and a mostly common run of sandwiches, but man is the stuff delicious. Like the chipotle egg burrito... knocked my little socks off. I honestly cannot wait to get back and have another one of these, the way the avocado and eggs mix perfectly wit the chipotle sauce and cheese, this bad boy was great. And the french toast here is probably the best I've had, no wimpy wonderbread here, so don't be afraid to order a more "boring" meal, the traditionals are done right.    Look, I'm always scared of new places opening up on Mill... I was with Canteen and I am with NCounter, even places with wonderful ideas and well executed food can mysteriously fail on Mill, but I have faith in NCounter. It's just plain good. Our most recent trip here was without question five star worthy, and if things stay on the up and up here, I'll be back in no time with a five star update. You just need to come try it... Mill Avenue is slowly making its comeback.
5	Great food and trendy atmosphere.
2	Went for breakfast last weekend - arrived about 10 to a packed restaurant but managed to find a couple of seats at the bar. Ordered some pancakes, the house Ncounter omelet and a couple of drinks from the coffee bar.   We were told by the bartender to go fetch our own silverware and water. Our food arrived prior to our drinks and my omelet was REALLY cold - like I mean the broccoli was still slightly frozen - too bad considering it's their house specialty - the hashbrowns were also undercooked and the cream cheese glob was just overkill on the omelet.  Our coffees finally showed up, bu they must have run short on milk since there was a two inch gap at the top of my cup.  Fortunately, the pancakes were pretty darn good.   Needless to say, we won't be making the drive from Phoenix again any time soon...
4	Went yesterday for the first time, and I had a really nice breakfast.  Had the Farmer's Market, pretty much a play on egg's benedict but with avocado and spinach, so like egg's florentine with avocado? yeah?  The potatey's weren't piping hot, which doesn't bother me at all...I'd actually prefer them not to be.  It reminded me of my dad though, something he'd be all pissy about and want to send back to warm up....So if you're bringing a friend like that there, beware.  The potatoes were really good though, they weren't all greasy and diner tasting, they were as healthy as potatoes can get maybe? The farmer's market was awesome though, not greasy, really light, lots of flavor, and a pretty presentation.  The hollandiase sauce was the perfect consistently, not too thick, and definitely not too thin, and not drenched all over the place. The english muffin was the perfect texture..I hate when it's a hard muffin and you can't cut it, that's the worst. And lots of avocado... thank you!  People can be so stingy with the avocado....feelin' you guys! The farmer's market paired with my bellini, a cutie patio, my friends and the shins playing?  I'd say we did pretty good.Speaking of my bellini, it was really refreshing, and mostly champagne...feelin' you again Ncounter/ bartender!  When it was dropped off she actually said, "lots of champagne in this one"...I was definitely not mad about that.  And what I thought was fruit inside of it, was actually a peach o ring, like that!  And I ate it at the end, definitely a champagne ring, new fav? My friends got the eggs benedict, the fruit and granola, some of their toast with their signature (not vignature...vig regulars what's up?) cinnamon apple jam? I think that's what type of jam it was..whatever type of jam, it was delish.  My friends also really liked their food and the overall ambiance of a place seemingly reminiscent to LGO but over in the Tempe area.   Speaking of LGO...Ncounter's food I think is better than LGO's.  There are very few things at LGO that have blown my mind, it's just nice to go there, because it's super cute, a nice neighborhood, something for everyone, picnic tables...you know why we all like it.  Realistically I love going to LGO, because it's always a lovely time with my friends.  BUT I think Ncounter offered an awesome brunch with my friends, and the food was better.  Ncounter will definitely be a new regs place for us... in fact I'll be back today? The salads that went by looked amazing.    Last thing that needs to be said....GET THE PUMPKIN COOKIE.  Holy fricken mother, I think we all died and went to heaven eating that cookie.  I am not even kidding... if those were around me everyday...easily the fast track to morbid obesity.  This being said, you should defs give Ncounter a try.
4	Visited a college town breakfast joint.  What a great experience.  Outstanding food and service.
5	Mill Ave has been missing a good breakfast nook, and it has made me very sad. Until now! The atmosphere is very modern. The color scheme is gray, orange, and black and boy do they stick to it, down to the orange frosted cupcakes. Impressive. I had the best french toast I have ever had in my life right here at NCounter. I have only eaten here once, and usually I don't give five stars out after the first visit, but this place is THAT good. So happy to have such a fabulous breakfast restaurant so close to home.
4	Usually when I find something I like at a restaurant, it's the only thing I'll ever order. At NCounter I have to try something different every time, and have yet to be disappointed. My only complaints are that they are on the slow side, yet they always seem to have a ton of asu students working. Would be 5 stars if the wait was less than 15 minutes for a to go sandwich!
5	Love it.  A little pricy but good mix up for food on Mill.
5	Awesome breakfast joint, one of favorites in the valley. I drive from Gilbert to go here. Great prices and GREAT food.
3	the good: the blackberry green tea is delicious, the bread and the bleu cheese was awesome. the bad: there was only about 4oz of "thinly sliced sirloin" with equals ROAST BEEF,  for an $11 dollar combo (ELEVEN DOLLAR COMBO)  I require more meat, and actual sirloin..also the amount of packaging involved was shameful. The cups and togo container were the ones that are non sustainable. this is mill ave people..along with a GIANT fucking bag that looked like it would be more for a shoe store, or some retail shit. Still all in all a great lunch, so close to four stars, but the staff were just bullshitting with each other and the cooks, when I see this, and my food takes about ten mins for a fucking sandwich I get mad.
3	Ordered the Chorizo and Eggs as a burrito. Food was fresh and tasted good. Portion was large but not shockingly so. Order taker seemed a bit pre-occupied, no smile. Prices seemed a bit high. $8.00 for a burrito. Still though, the food was pretty tasty.
5	I was in Tempe for Ironman AZ (spectating my awesome IronMOM) and stopped here twice.  The place opened at 4am for the event, so we were able to stop in for coffee and a scone after we dropped off our racers.  They were ready for the crowd and although the line was long, it moved quickly and the staff was friendly.  The coffee was good and the scone was tasty.After loop one on the bike we decided we needed something more substantial than a scone (spectating is hard work!) and returned to NCounter for lunch.  It was packed.  But again, although there was a line, it moved quickly and the staff was friendly.  A table opened just before we got to the cashier and I grabbed it.  We both had the vegetarian omelet with a side of toast.  I don't know what the jam was but it was tasty!  I think it may have been an apple cinnamon?  Very Fall flavorful.  The omelet was big and full of good veggies and cheese.  Everything was fresh and it wasn't at all greasy.  It came out nice and hot.  I would have eaten here again had I stayed longer.  Good job NCounter!
4	FINALLY.  It's about time something worthy of this location took over.  This place is perfect if I feel like being a jerk to my waistline or light and healthy.  Service is smart and efficient which is awesome since NO ONE likes lines.  I just wish they stayed open later :/
5	NCounter might be my favorite new lunch spot. There, I said it. This Mill Avenue spot is tucked away on the quieter North end of Mill, but it deserves a visit. With a large outdoor patio, a beautiful atmosphere and DELICIOUS food, this gem is definitely worth paying for parking. The Cobb Sandwich is one of the best lunch picks I've ever made. With a side salad, it's the perfect meal. All the sandwiches are tasty, so you can't go wrong. And with a case of sparkly baked goods, you can round off your day with a delicious cupcake or cookie. Stop by. You'll be so glad you did.
3	This is one of very few breakfast options in Tempe. It has a trendy, youthful style. Our service was a little slow and our drinks were forgotten, so we received them after our food.I had the Hot Juan omelet, which contains chorizo and green peppers and is topped with cheese and sauce. The omelet was pretty good, but nothing remarkable. I had sme excellent bites with the spicy chorizo and wish it had more. The peppers were crunchy and only moderately fresh, while the egg was much too thick. The fresh fruit that came with my meal was quite good.I wouldn't make a point to go here, but I would stop in again if the time is right.
5	I always passed this place and thought, Man! It seems like it's only a sit-down breakfast restaurant. Whoa, completely wrong.NCounter is just a solid sandwich and salad cafe (correction: it does actually serve breakfast food like omelets and all that jazz) that brings your food to your table. The flavors are great and not too overdone. When I went I had a sandwich (forgot the name) and I was extremely impressed by how tasty it was. And the price? Honestly, I've paid about the same amount of money--if not more--on crappier restaurants down the street, but none of those dishes could ever compare to NCounter's sandwiches/salads! If I had time to go back here, I would. Seems like this place is always busy, though, and with a limited amount of time for lunch, I can only enjoy this place once in a while. So sad!
3	I never have a chance to try the food because my work schedule is not allowed. I ordered the hot drink to go before however I felt like this place is more like a sit down place to enjoy breakfast, than taking to-go.Definitely will try breakfast some day.
4	A+ for food, B+ for service. Wish they offered a black iced tea.
4	Modern places like this are in short supply in Tempe/Phx, so it is great for a quick brunch.The best part is that the parking is right  next door and the service is not crappy. Thought 2 out of the 5 times they were late, probably cz they forgot about our order. Try the chicken Focaccia sandwich with salad, it is healthy anad filling. Love the French Toast as well as the Chicken salad as well. A good brunch option to check out in Tempe.
4	Nice spot, cool decorating.  I had a chicken sandwich on focaccia bread and I felt like the bread was really too thin, it couldnt hold up.  Great flavors though, and still worth checking out for sure.  A nice addition to Mill ave.
4	I've been wanting to try this place since it opened. It's definitely on the trendy side. The sandwich was really good with fresh meat, vegetables and bread. The flavors are unique - again, trendy to match the place, but quite good. I'll be back.
5	Stopped here for breakfast this morning.  It was awesome!  Great Service, good prices, delicious food!
5	I've been here four times, ordered three different menu items (mostly breakfast) and all of it has been so delicious! Price is about avaerage definitely worth it for the yummy food. I will definitely keep going here for breakfast and lunch
5	I have only eaten here once, but I have to say I was impressed enough to write a review.  I am a huge fan of breakfast and I have to say I was very happy with my visit.The decor, layout, and location are pretty awesome. The choice of music playing was also near and dear to my heart as I think they ripped off my iPhone playlist while I was there, that is a personal preference I know, but music alone would be 5 stars. The group I was with got kids pancakes, sandwiches and omelets and they all looked great and tasted wonderful.  Most breakfast food does't come out plated so well.  Not that it is necessary, but it shire is a welcome surprise.  My Mocha was excellent.  My only minor qualm is that the staff seem to think you have eaten there before and are not very helpful with the menu when you order.  The staff that brought out our food and checked on us were awesome, so I don't really knock it for that.I will definitely be back.Try: * Greek Omelet * Killer Breakfast Sandwich * Mocha
4	I've only been here once but my first time there was tasty! I could eat breakfast all day, every day and N Counter hit the spot. My man and I ordered two soy lattes, Banana Walnut Pancakes and the Farmers Market Bene. SO delicious!! The pancakes were decadent and the Farmers Market was just the right amount of flavor and spice with a little addiction of Cholula. Food was cooked well and despite how busy it was we didn't wait forever for our meal. We enjoyed a nice spot out on the patio enjoying the sun. N Counter is in the heart of Tempe and  close to A Mountain as well as little shops and a movie theater. Get a quick hike in before you grab a delicious breakfast at N Counter!
4	The one word I would choose to describe my breakfast was FRESH!  This restaurant was one we had heard about and decided to give it a try.  I ordered the Killer, which consisted of bacon, Gorgonzola, tomato and eggs, sandwich style.   It came with a delicious small mixed salad on the side.   Soooo good!   The Croque Monsieur  consisted of grilled artisan sour dough, tomato, black forest ham, mustard sauce, Gruyere, 2 eggs.  Another outlandishly flavorful breakfast dish!  I have two suggestions: 1) move the drink bar - it becomes crowded and loses its flow.; 2)  Install shades - all the customers facing towards the windows were experiencing the same issue - sun in their eyes.  Other than that, expect tasty food and great service!
5	My husband and I ate here for the 1st time this morning and it will NOT be the last.Ordering was easy and quick. Although the place was *packed* we were able to find a seat relatively quickly. Our food was out w/ in 10 mins after we sat down. And it was GOOD.My husband had the cheese omelet, I had the pear omelet, yes pear. With havarti, bacon, and almonds. We both got their homefries and an english muffin on the side.  First, the muffins came w/ apple cinnamon jelly. It was So good. Their potatoes were the perfect mix of crunchy and soft, and the omelet, oh man. I knew I was taking a food risk by ordering a pear omelet but im so glad i did. Its something I never wouldve thought would taste as amazing as it did. Go here, but be warned, theyre only open until 3:05 pm.
4	Breakfast!!!  It was crazy busy the morning me and another Yelper went to NCounter.  Long line so I was told to order at the bar, still a long wait, actually I think it was longer...therefore just stay in the line.  I could've eaten the french toast AND Ncounter's Farmer's Market bene (2 eggs poached, spinach, tomato, avocado, hollandaise sauce and potatoes). Delicious!  The Farmer's Market bene that is!  I will have to go back for the french toast.  I also had ordered a mimosa.  More alcohol please next time.
5	Awesome! Had breakfest there on a Sunday morning.  Place was a little busy but the food was really good.  I had the banana/walnut pacakes, my wife had the french toast and my 3 year old sun had the mickey mouse pancakes off the kids menu.  Everything was delicuous! We'll be back soon.
5	I would apologize for any color I may have left on your counters, walls or chairs.  I stumbled into this location after doing the Color Run.  This is such a cute new eatery.  After ordering, me and my friends could not stop drooling over all the plates that were coming out.  Everything looked AMAZING!!!  I decided to try the Pear Omelet and I was not disappointed.   Pear, Havarti cheese, and almonds.....so delicious! My friends were raving about their dishes.  Great location and awesome service!  I can't wait to go back to try more items off their menu.
4	Great place for lunch food! Accomodating staff and very organized service- we will be back!!
4	Solid! So far I have tried the eggs Benedict meal, french toast and pancakes and all have been above board.Nice outside seating and modern feel. Definitely a place to recommend.Only thing I would recommend they consider is to make the menu board easier to read. Everything is a bit convoluted and difficult to read what's what. This make you miss out on other meals because 1) you can't read everything and 2) you feel pressured because people are waiting behind you. So if they rearranged the menu board and made it easier to read, I think more things would be tried out.
3	I've never been to the actual building, but a girl brought half a dozen of these to my BIL when he was visiting. Some of the most BEAUTIFUL cupcakes I've ever seen; but also some of the most disgusting. Too dry and the frosting was way too sugary. If they hadn't been a gift none of us would have touched them.
4	Great breakfast/brunch spot with a nice pet-friendly outdoor patio.  I went on a Sunday afternoon and the place was PACKED.  You order at the counter, they give you a  "letter" to place on your table and someone will bring you the food (a bit like corner bakery). I ordered the breakfast burrito and it was really good...not too heavy. Great location and ambiance.
5	NCounter is still here and still awesome. After initially being nervous about it's well being I feel comfortable giving it the big five stars and a lot of my love. I have been here a ton of times since discovering it and have had nothing but good experiences, NCounter is my favorite breakfast spot.
5	Continue to come here for breakfast, been 8 or 9 times now and it still has yet to fail me. Today I had the santa fe sautee and it was delicioso!! There are so many options on the menu that it is hard to choose from, but I have definitely found 3 favorites on here. The turkey and avocado sandwich was not a fav.. but I'm not much of an avocado fan anyway. I definitely recommend this place to people looking for a good breakfast joint.
2	NCounter has a lot going for it--great location, cool design/signage, nice layout and good service.  Its unfortunate that the follow through of food quality did not live up.  On a recent visit to NCounter, I ordered a simple breakfast of eggs and a side of fresh fruit.  What I got concerned me to the point of asking one of their employees--fruit tasted acrid, of preservatives and like no fruit I want to taste again.  I learned from a manager/owner that contrary to their constant use of the word "fresh" on their website and branding, their "fresh fruit" comes out of a can. I understand that this is the unfortunate reality in many restaurants...those, however, are restaurants that do not (and will not) receive my patronage.  NCounter can do better. Until then, I won't be returning. I have no respect for a branding message that is not upheld in their product.
4	Perfect fit on Mill Ave. I'm surprised it took this long to get a cool little breakfast/coffee bar on Mill, considering the amount of hangover breakfast traffic the area gets with ASU right next door. I've been a few times and have been rather pleased. The food has been great, and they do a nice job with their presentation which gives the experience that extra bonus. The atmosphere is engaging, artwork on the walls, some cool old architectural sketches, and some nice color highlights and tasteful touches. The coffee was fine, nothing amazing but by no means sub-par. I honestly opt for the smoothies when making my breakfast trips, I take care of the coffee at home before hand. Only complaint: when it gets busy things tend to fall apart. I've been there a good handful of times now and they are definitely gaining momentum. The only problem is when it gets out of hand and the line is out the door, food takes a while and sometimes comes looking rushed or even cold. Honest mistake though, it gets pretty packed in there. Overall: perfect breakfast spot for a late start on a Saturday. Conveniently located next to a light rail stop as well.
3	Stopped her for brunch on a Mon before my drive back to Tucson. Honestly, I wasnt too impressed. I ordered the Classic Eggs Bene & a strawberry banana smoothie. The smoothie was average & the eggs bene took forever to come. When my food did finally come. it was a bit cold. The potatoes were bland and my eggs bene were average at best. The egg was poached well and the yolk was runny, but the english muffin & ham were a bit tough.
4	Great prices! Cool modern cafe style layout. Try the Natie bomb its legit!
1	Never again! Car towed after a 45 minute wait!!! The food is very good. Great menu mix...its just that you really need to devote an hour and a half of your life to enjoy it. Not very conducive in a fast paced place like ASU/ Tempe.
5	I would have to say this is my absolute FAVORITE spot on Mill. I come here with friends after a night of overindulgence, or my boyfriend for a nice brunch. Their patio is wonderful. I have never had a bad meal here. I really like their chop salad - I usually don't order salads from restaurants but this one blew me away. It was the perfect mix of textures and flavors - sweet cranberries, tangy feta, and that amazing basil pesto dressing. The pear omelette is another one of my go-to breakfasts. I had no idea that pears could taste good on top of eggs but they totally do! My favorite thing about their omelettes is that they are SMOTHERED in cheese. If you're hungover, they have amazing fruit smoothies... or if you want hair of the dog, their bloody mary's and bellinis are pretty good. This place is always insanely busy but my service has always been quick, at least for me. Beautiful spot for families, friends, and couples.
4	*****Great breakfast spot on Mill!! :) I had one of their hot sandwiches the FOCACCIA ROMA-CHICKEN, cut up grilled chicken breast pieces, tomato, gooey melted provolone cheese, light mayo on a cheesy Focaccia bread with added minced jalapenos and lettuce to mine!!  It was delicious!! I also ordered my favorite drink the Caramel Macchiato, but instead they mistakenly made me a caramel latte which was still as good as a Caramel Macchiato. Overall, the service was great and so was my sandwich and drink!!    *I will surely be back!! :)
5	One of the few breakfast places in Tempe, and thankfully it is fabulous.  The huevos n chorizo are amazing!!!!  Fast service, friendly staff.  Reasonably priced.  I recommend.
4	nice breakfast place on mill. stand in line, order at the counter and they bring your food to the table. omelette with pears, havarti, sliced almonds and bits of bacon was good and cheesy. it had a fresh fruit cup as accompaniment. weather perfect and nice to sit out side. fortunately no one was smoking.
5	Great food, location and service.   The. Best French toast    The omelette's are great too.   Highly recommend.
5	There turkey pesto sandwich is one of the best sandwiches I have ever had. The atmosphere is really laid back. Went there for Easter and had some amazing banana foster french toast and their bacon was cooked to perfection. My sister said her yogurt granola was some of the best she has ever had.
4	Very fun atmosphere and really good tasting food. Portions were large but not overwhelming so. Banana walnut pancakes were fragrant, tasty, light, and just the right balance between salty and sweet. Eggs Benedict was also very very good.  Definitely a place to frequent often as long as you don't mind a line, counter ordering, and finding a place to sit without a hostess.
4	The food is amazing. Loved every bite of my fusion chicken salad and all my other lunch dates were more than pleased with their meals. Just dont be fooled by the "brunch" title. This isn't a cute little sit down where you can loyter for hours with girl friends. It's located right near ASU and so is pact with college students, super crowded-a bit like an upscale cafeteria. Nonetheless, very dainty and chill. Food is worth it I guess
4	I've eaten here a couple of times and love this place! Fresh food, quick service, clean and cool casual atmosphere. I would recommend the "killer" sandwich and the egg white omelette with avocado. And it's at the light rail stop. :)
4	Have you ever fallen asleep at a night club and woke up there the next morning? I haven't, but if I ever had, I would imagine it would be like waking up in this place. NCounter could be a "Morning Club" where you get coffee and orange juice, after your night of martini's and dancing at the night club.There is definitely an energetic vibe here, (maybe not everyone likes that in the morning.....so, be forewarned) there is loud music, tons of people and good food. It's a walk up to the counter sort of place, you might want to stare at the menu overhead before getting in line and delaying everyone behind you as you try to make up your mind (sorry everyone! I'm one of those indecisive persons that annoy everyone.....) I ordered an omelette (finally) which was pretty good. I'm looking forward to trying more of their dishes (including some of their healthier options, like the egg-white omelette). Anyways, this really is a fun breakfast stop (especially if you don't feel like going to those truck-driver diner type places and are looking for something hip and fresh...[and eye-opening!])
3	Nice vibe here. Cool setting, however, the portions are a bit small. I have had 4 different things and each time I come away slightly hungry and have to fill up with water. I would suggest to management that the menu on the wall be changed where people can read it from a distance and two, make it legible. Outside of those small things, this is a very good place to try different ways to make breakfast and other items.
5	Sooooooo good!  A friend and I decided to try something new for breakfast and we chose NCounter because it was close to where we were gonna be and it also had so many good reviews.  It turned out to be a great decision!Service is fast because you don't have to wait for a server to bring you menus and take your order, you go right up to the counter and order off the menu they have displayed then they bring your food to your table once it's done.  A definite plus is that they do have a bar as well so if you want to order a Screwdriver with your breakfast, more power to you.  I definitely did!Food itself is DELICIOUS!  I ordered the Bananas Foster French Toast and I was practically licking my plate at the end of it.  The flavors blended together perfectly and the portion size was good too.  Even the Screwdriver was made with fresh squeezed orange juice and you could tell.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE I JUST CAN'T NOT GET ENOUGH OF NCOUNTER!the vibe is young clean and fresh. the good is so delish.. I keep telling all my friends to go here for brunch (:
2	I have to say I have been here enough now to say it is VERY VERY INCONSISTENT! One day the food is good, eggs done right, potatoes good not over seasoned etc.. other days, the food is blah! Greasy potatoes, eggs have no flavor, just not appetizing. So after several times of going, I think this will be the last unless a friend demands to go there. If I have to go, Ill get a bagel or muffin and some coffee, thats it. Otherwise the food is just mediocre. Needs to be consistent! You cannot have a drastic swing in food from one time to another. Every time was different for me and my wife. thats all...
5	This place is awesome! I have been here about 5 times within about a month, and every time I have been impressed with my meal. The first time I came was for lunch, and I had the Natie Bomb. The combination of turkey and bacon, balanced out by tart-ish apple was amazing. On my next visit I came for breakfast, which is by far my favorite meal to eat. This time I got the Santa Fe Sautee, and my wife got the Banana's Foster French. Both meals were absolutely amazing. The coffee is great as well. Overall NCounter is a great place to stop by for breakfast or lunch. With delicious food and surprisingly reasonable prices, it adds a great option to the sparse Tempe breakfast scene.
5	I've only been here once, for breakfast, but I was very impressed and hope to make it back again soon!
2	I went to NCounter because of Yelp.Waaay overrated in my opinion! After you order at the counter, you have to fight for a table if you have more than two people in your group. There was relatively fast turnover, but it's annoying having to cherry-pick someones table hoping they'll leave after their last bite. But, being a Saturday morning, being busy wasn't a deal breaker.When I received my omelette, the cheese was partially melted and rather tasteless. The eggs were rubbery like something you'd get at a cheap buffet. The potatoes were OK, but didn't compensate for the rest. Overall, the portion sizes were small and the food was just mediocre. I'm not a picky breakfast person, but I would rather go to Denny's or IHOP than come back to NCounter.If you're looking for good breakfast in Tempe (near Mill), you're not far from Harlow's, Essence Bakery, Cafe Boa or even U.S. Egg.
4	Great surprise. Friendly, attentive and food a great value.
2	Alright, I'm knocking this place down a ton. The last time I was in here our service wasn't great and I was completely disappointed with the food I ordered. My boyfriend and I stopped in one morning before catching a flight. We ordered two yogurt parfaits and a soy latte for me.The latte was just fine, nothing special, and the girl helping me at the coffee bar was nice. The parfaits were mediocre. Ok, not good. I hate, repeat hate, when you order a yogurt parfait with "fresh fruit" and its packed full of melons. Yes, you know the sort. Cantaloupe, Honey Dew, and even grapes are no good in a parfait. Melons add zero flavor or texture to a parfait and frankly, its cheap. Ok, I'm being mean and I'm kind of sorry. But I'm kind of not. A killer parfait has rolled oats, honey, and some actual fresh berries like: Blueberries, Raspberries, Strawberries, Goji Berries, pomegranate seeds, etc... Something besides melon. I think you're picking up what I'm putting down.
3	I really like that Mill has another option for the working crowd nearby. With our office down the street, I was growing pretty tired of the uber college pub-deli-pizza routine, in fact I drive away from this areas most days. But NCounter is a nice addition: cool space and a much needed revival on this corner. The remodel was done beautifully and the place gets so much more traffic now than it ever did with a crepe and coffee shop. Kudos to opening something comfortable enough to sit down in but quick enough for take out.The food has been decent in my experience. Having ordered several meatless entrees from both the breakfast and lunch menus, my consensus is that the quality and creativity is pretty much what I'd expect from any Mill Ave establishment. Not knock-your-socks-off, but much better than drive thru. The presence of some healthy options is appealing. The egg white omelette was ok, but relatively flavorless even with tomato, peppers (still raw), avocado and cilantro. I usually get the Portobello sandwhich veganized with no cheese or mayo, but they've messed up my order a few times for take out, meaning I don't realize the cheese is on there until I've walked back to the office. I do wish the counter staff would pay a little more attention when customers order, but they aren't rude.Can't say I'm a regular, but it's good to have a decent nearby option that's not burgers and fries. I do love scheduling "meetings" here just to get out of the office.
3	Ncounter is pretty adorable inside, cool decor, great location. Everytime I have been it's been uber crowded, which, after the third time, gets old. Good for them, but it really kills the vibe whilst screaming over brunch/lunch. The cashier/order window is in the left- back, so fight your way passed the packed tables and stand in line to order. They are pretty good about getting the food out quickly and the food...well it's decent. Their sandwiches are very good, the breakfast burrito - ehh, I've had much better. Overall, nice spot to check out for breakfast/brunch that isn't as pricey as Harlows, with a chic, modern atmosphere. But if it's crowded and you value relaxing conversation, look elsewhere.
2	It was OK.My boyfriend enjoyed his sandwich and soup, so at least there's that. I had the strawberries & cream french toast...it was pretty cold. I'd give it a second shot for the lunch fare. The location is nice and the decor was cute. The food was just nothing to write home about.
4	I decided to meet my friend for lunch in Tempe as her work is right off of Mill and 3rd street. However she gives me a funky address that I type into my iphone (instead of saying, "hey Tasia, I work on 3rd street, just off of mill) and it leads me on a wild goose chase. Alas, I finally get to the correct destination, park, and walk to meet her in the 113 degree heat (but weather.com says it *feels* like 106, ha!). She asks me where I want to go and I say "somewhere new," which is easy for me because I haven't been on Mill since 2004. She is naming off food joints as we are walking South on Mill, I pull out my Yelp app and quickly type in "lunch tempe" and NCounter pops up. I give this suggestion, we stop walking, turn around and look at how far the walk now is (it really wasn't that far, it was just the heat) since I didn't think about this sooner. Just then, she sees a coworker and asks for recommendations and his first choice in NCounter. We look back at each other and decide to go for it.This place is open Monday-Sunday 7am - 3pm and serves breakfast and brunch foods. The inside was very refreshing with the cold AC, open layout, and tons of tables and chairs, including one nice communal table. They also have a small patio with misters. My friend and I starred at the large menu and decided to split the Potobellini ($8) and the Peppered Italian Salad ($8.50). The Potobellini comes with portobellini mushrooms, roasted red peppers, artichoke, provolone cheese, spinach and a balsamic mayo that is piles on a delicious grilled ciabatta bread and you have a choice of a side salad or chips to accompany the sandwich. The Peppered Italian Salad comes with grilled chicken atop of sauteed cashews, red peppers, and garlic, over romaine lettuce with an Italian Parmesan dressing. The salad was tasty, but they went a little heavy on the dressing which is a total buzz kill for me. Next time I'll ask for the dressing on the side. For drinks they offer anything from alcoholic beverages (served at a smaller counter), coffee, tea, smoothies, and your traditional sodas ($2) and juices. I opted for iced tea ($2) and appreciate that they offer a freshly brewed Blackberry-Jasmine-Green Tea and a Passion Fruit iced tea.The service was great. The employee taking our order offered up the Peppered Italian Salad suggestion and the employee delivering our food noticed we were splitting our items and brought us out a separate plate use. We also had our table top cleared pretty soon after we finished eating so we were able to enjoy our space and drinks while finishing out conversation before my friend had to go back to work.We both agreed that the mild sunburn and heat stroke was worth it and that we both will be back!
4	I've been here twice now and this place is as cute and fresh as it can be. First visit I had the eggs benedict with potatoes. The eggs benny were delicious, the orange juice was fresh and cold, but the potatoes were average. Second visit I had the pear omelette and a little bran muffin. That may not sound good to some, but this was absolutely delicious. Great taste and presentation. The service is very friendly here and though it's crowded, it's super-clean. I wouldn't hesitate to visit again. Might skip the potatoes though.
5	We have been lost without Palette in Downtown Phx, but this place may be our new spot.  The atmosphere is great, clean modern lines and very trendy setup.  The staff very friendly the owner? walking around checking on guests to make sure everyone is pleased with their orders.  The food DELISH!  I had the plain and simple (eggs, potatoes, toast $5.50) simple and great tasting.  My husband  had the  Croquet Monsieur and loved it and for $7.50 you cannot beat it.  Great for families or meeting up with a friend.  This place is amazing and we will be back!
4	While I love having a fancy dish at Essence, it's nice to finally have an option for an all-American style breakfast in Tempe that isn't IHOP.Though often crowded on the weekends, the servers really do a great job of clearing off tables quickly, and checking in to make sure all is well with your dishes. I have been there over 10 times, and have never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a table to open up.I think the only confusing aspect of the restaurant is how your food is ordered. A few times I have been waiting in line to order at the main registers, when servers at the secondary registers (next to the drink bar) have asked people behind me for their orders. It just feels weird to be standing ahead of someone in line, only to hear them get their order in before you. A couple times, it left me feeling as though NCounter wasn't well organized and a bit put off that my food wait time was increased even though I was ahead in line. That's the reason I have knocked off one star from my rating.I just learned, though, that you can also order food online. My husband went to pickup an online order and showed up 5-6 minutes early to just be safe and the food was already packed up and waiting. I did wonder how long it had been sitting there before being picked up. Perhaps NCounter would do better if these online orders were 2 minutes late instead of 10 minutes early. Just a suggestion.The food, though, is fantastic! My favorite items to order include:* Eggs, Toast, and Grilled Potatoes ($5.50)--simple and tasty, make sure to ask for some extra jam!* Classic Eggs Benedict ($8)--Delicious!* French Toast ($5.50)* The Pear Omelette ($8)--you can't beat this brie and bacon combination.
5	WOW!  Awesome breakfast!  This place is a gem.  The breakfast Burrito- specialty of the house, was sensational; filled with eggs, bacon, potatoes, cheese, avocado & chipolte sauce. The baked goods are all made in house.  The Cinnamon buns are a must try!  The service and staff are very friendly and accommodating.  It is truly an all American breakfast spot; a place that you will want to go back to over & over again.  Will have to try lunch next time.  Menu looks fabulous!
5	Yum. NCounter. I can't believe I've only been to this place once; my first time being last week. I always see NCounter while I'm browsing Yelp and think "I need to try this place!". So when I finally went to lunch with two of my girlfriends here, I was more than anxious to see what it was about. I brought my dog so we sat outside on the patio. The patio is a great size and was all shaded so it wasn't very hot. One of the workers even brought out a dog bowl of water for my dog which was really sweet. We chatted over bloody mary's, mimosas, and bellinis for a couple of hours. I wasn't hungry at the time so I didn't' try any of the food, but my friend is somewhat obsessed with this place and says their food is amazing! The only bummer is that this place closes early (I think 3). The patio started to shut down and I was surprised that they were closing. Overall, if you're near Mill and are looking to get breakfast or lunch, go here.
5	any place that will serve me a greyhound @ 8am is ok by me. delicious food. i had the french toast with strawberries and whipped cream. next on the list before i move...BANANAS FOSTER FRENCH TOAST.
4	Very nice. Food was great, and they had an extensive menu. The food was presented beautifully, and you can order your choice of sides with everything (fresh fruit, salad, fries, etc).
5	Unique and crazy good food at a fabulous price! I was introduced to NCounter by a friend, and we have made this our go-to place for breakfast and lunch. If you are looking for refreshing food with perfect portions and an ultra-fresh taste...this is it! The Bosc pear omelet is one of my faves. Slightly French and oh, so delicious! Perfectly seasoned dishes, espresso and a bar make this little hangout the perfect spot to meet with friends.
5	Loved the french toast!
3	We live in the neighborhood and used to be here weekly. Lately the food taken a hit. Most of the things we used to order and love are underwhelming. Flavorless (and thereby overpriced). Still a fun place for breakfast with drinks on the patio on a weekend morning (if you can get a table).
3	Loved this restaurant , good food.  Very nice location and fun food!  Walk to Tempe Beach Park , to the Mill, Metro line.
1	Um, is this place a joke?I really don't understand how this place has so many good reviews.  I came here because it seemed popular, and had a pretty good rating on Yelp.... but I really don't understand how... maybe all the ASU kids are impressed by the modern interior design?  Maybe they're sick of their meal plan food?  Or maybe people are just hungover and any breakfast food tastes good...Anyways...-The service was awful.  Not one single person had a personality or even a glimpse of a smile.  There was about 20 people "working"... but doing absolutely nothing.  Workers were just aimlessly wandering around the dining room, standing behind the counter in a daze, or fist bumping their friends talking about how wasted they got the previous night (no joke).-The place was a mess.There was food and garbage ALL over the ground.  The drink station countertop was a sticky disgusting mess... spills, lemon seeds, used napkins allll over it.  The place was pretty busy, but any empty table was still covered in the previous customer's dishes and food mess.  (Which I didn't understand since there were 3 workers wandering around the dining room at all times).  I had to flag down a dazed employee and ask them to clear a table off for me.  And of course he just wiped even more food onto the already disgusting floor.  Seriously, food ALL over the floor.  Gross.-The food took forever and was cold.We waited about 25 minutes for a super simple order of food.  I got the Farmer's Market.  The whole entree was cold.  And NOBODY likes cold soggy potatoes.  It was supposed to have avocado on it, but it had one mere sliver.  My boyfriend's food was also cold, and he didn't eat it.  We would have said something to someone... about a refund or getting at least warm-ish food instead, but everyone was too busy wandering around in a zombie daze, and at that point, I just wanted to get the hell out of that disgusting place.And there was awful music playing... like music that plays really loud in a club.  Like loud Britney Spears and hip-hop.  It was just weird.  I would never come back here, and would advise anyone (unless you like cold food, disgusting places, and awful service) to try another place for breakfast/lunch instead.Ew.
4	My group of four went to NCounter for brunch on Saturday. I had the Bono sandwich, which also comes with a side salad. It was extremely delicious. The others had French toast and omelettes, and they liked their meals very much.The service and ambiance are great. The only downside is that it can feel a bit cramped inside.
4	I love this place. Quality of food is excellent, staff is friendly and attractive, price to value is spot on. The set up to order is crowded, but it's quick even when line is "long". Really just a great fast-casual concept for breakfast or lunch, and they kill it just right every time I've been there. Well done!
2	Had to pay $1.50 for a parking spot out front. Not a good start...12:30pm on a Friday and there was no line. Another bad sign... The atmosphere was bright, urban hipster. That's cool. The service was prompt and friendly. Lots of goodies in the display case. Yay! Things are looking up.The Blackberry Jasmine Green Tea was crisp and fresh. Only sat for a few minutes when my food was delivered and boy, did it look good!  Unfortunately, that's where the good part ends...It may have been the prettiest Tuna Melt I've eaten in a long time but it was also one of the worst. I used five napkins--FIVE!--to sop up all the dripping mayonnaise from this tuna salad that was spewing all over my plate/side salad/table/lap. Yuck. When are restaurants going to learn that you only put enough mayo in tuna salad to hold the ingredients together??? I'm sorry, but if you hold up a tuna sandwich and it all drips out, you've done something wrong. Such a shame because it really did look pretty on the plate... I was even more disappointed to find that they drenched the side salad in WAY too much balsamic dressing, so I abandoned that completely.And the final nail in the coffin was the "Ncounter" signature dessert which is a combination brownie/oreo/chocolate-chip cookie. It was $4 and I only took one bite. SO DRY! Ugh.I had wanted to try them again for breakfast sometime but I really doubt that I will.
2	ya not so much the lattes we ordered were probley the worst i have had to date tasted like warm milk . the breakfast was ok but served room temp . the employs all lacked personality.prices $$$
4	Place was busy on a Saturday morning but luckily there is tons of seating. Line moved quick and food came in a decent amount of time. Employees were friendly and cleaned plates quickly after we finished. Good prices and the only breakfast joint on mill so I was happy it wasn't disappointing. I would definitely go back. Plenty of interesting food options to try.
5	So far I've had the Chipotle Egg Burrito and the Huevos n' Chorizo. Both were phenomenal and had everything I love in a breakfast meal. Simple ingredients with a good amount of spice and served piping hot. Portions are on the larger size, especially for the burrito. I enjoyed that it came with a side salad, it irrationally made me feel better about eating such a loaded burrito so early in the morning. During both my visits this place was moderately packed but the line moved quick and my friends and I never had a hard time finding a table. Also, their Bloody Mary's are only $5.
5	Great pecan apple pancakes!  Superb decaf coffee.  Servers and counter staff are bright and smiling.  Restaurant was clean.  I have already recommended it to another foodie.IF you park in the public lot, just west of the restaurant on 3rd street and eat within 60 minutes, it is free of charge to park.
4	Great breakfast and lunch spot. You would want to go here for dinner, too, but it closes at 3:05 p.m. I've wondered why it's 3:05, but I decided that maybe it's to give you 5 minutes to get in at the last minute. If not, oh well that's just my speculation. I have found it difficult to order because everything on the menu sounds good. I have eaten and loved the Banana's Foster French Toast, the Loaded Omelette and the Turkey Pesto on Focaccia. Yum Yum Yum. Oh I almost forgot I had the Blueberry Blast Smoothie and it was delicious- pretty much everything is good! They are also right next to the light rail. I like that A LOT! But beware, it's always busy, so it might not be a good place if you literally only have minutes. Another plus, is the patio is dog friendly. The patio is my favorite place to sit because of the great people watching opportunities on Mill Ave, but I wish it was a little bigger.
4	Come here if you are 1. a sun devil2. too young or too old to go to be at the breakfast club3. want to go to the breakfast club but are too drunk to drive, walk please.its located downtown, its crowded, its youthful, its noisy, its got decent food, creativity is decent, food taste pretty good.  u go up and order and pay, they bring the food to you.  the crew is energetic and would do their best to fight thru the crowd to bring your food to you, bring your sauces to you :)  U get your own drink, just be careful not to run over anyone thats hungover.for old farts like me, this is quite a nice place because it captures some of the ASU campus spirit when you are here.  it kind of reminds U of the MU at lunch time (I am sure its still busy as hell now)come here, order some coffee, eat an omelette, oh but bring a friend, so someone can watch the seats while the other go order.  its very crowded and mostly first come first serve.  try to limit your party to like 4 or 8 people or 12, u get the idea, the tables seat 4, so if worse come to worse, you can split up to 2-3 tables but still fit everyone in.
5	AWESOME place - The Chocolate Chip pancakes with Strawberries and whipped cream are ridiculous. Add a mimosa and you're in business. Love the atmosphere!
4	Breakfast or lunch this is your spot. For breakfast I recommend getting one of their delicious healthy omelets. The hot Juan is a personal favorite. But they also make one with avocado that is equally delicious. For lunch I highly recommend one to get the chopped salad, truly delicious especially the pesto dressing. For dessert pick from any of the delicious cookies or pastries at the counter. Enjoy a mimosa from the bar to help your hang over on Sunday.Very trendy atmosphere. Inside can get crowded but there is usually room outside, and in the cooler weather the dining experience becomes quite favorable. Perfect spot for a late Sunday morning or any lunch date. Check it out!
4	Good food for a good price! Everything was presented well, and all of the food was fresh. They seem quite popular! The service was friendly and quick.
4	Delicious breakfast and smoothie. Nice and close to the marriott!
4	We stopped in halfway through a 12 hour drive. It was a savior to our hunger. Delicious sandwiches. I had a turkey avocado on wheat piled with alfalfa sprouts. Yumm.
4	Great spot on Mill for breakfast or lunch. Clean & modern inside, great food, and quick service.
3	Seeing an absolutely packed restaurant at noon on a Sunday is definitely a good sign that the food will be well worth the wait. People line up around the restaurant to order/pay at the counter and then scour the place to find an empty table (or patiently wait until someone leaves to get a free spot). The menu is decently-sized, with lots of great breakfast and lunch options. The bar is small but features the classic breakfast boozey items as well as traditional cocktails. I ordered the farmer's sandwich which is a fried egg on ciabatta bread, ham, red onions and cheese (with an ordered addition of avocado) served alongside some greens and cherry tomatoes. For $7 I thought the sandwich was decently sized (was only able to finish half of it) and pretty generous in the portion of ham and veggies. The sandwich was definitely tasty, no foodgasm here but a good start to my morning. The caramel latte was creamy but overly sweet and their regular coffee was a tad watery. I do appreciate the free coffee/tea refills and the oranges/lemon wedges for the water. That was a huge plus for any coffee drinker that needs at least a couple of rounds to fully wake up.Overall a good breakfast spot on Mill for people of any age. The crowd is very mixed- from the walk-of-shamers to the after-church goers and everything in between. Its a pain in the ass that you can't order at your table, but they seem to be pretty successful in their current system, so props to them,
3	This is a Palo Alto wannabe!  It is clean, and the food is consistent for breakfast, but very uninspired.  I would say it is probably the best full service diner, I had been to in Tempe, AZ during my Sandy extended layover.  When I do return to the Tempe, AZ area it is probably one place that I may return to.
4	This is a great place for breakfast or lunch.  Their food is VERY good.  When crowded, the food will arrive slowly and for one person at a time....... The staff is very friendly and the prices are not bad.  You can do some people watching while here as it is on Mill Avenue and it seems to be a college kid hang out (don't let that scare you as the crowd is very diverse).
4	I love this place and love that it's doggy friendly!
5	It's the best thing on Mill Ave in terms of food.Made a date with some girlfriends to have brunch here on a rainy Saturday. I knew that was a stretch because of NCounter's popularity that we'd get a table at the brunch hour on a Saturday. But luckily, we got a table and we actually sat outside under a space heater and it was just fine. The inside is so modern. We went in December and their Christmas decorations were super cute. We stood in a line that wasn't too long but long enough that I had time to drool over the baked goods window. Mini cupcakes? Damn cutest things I'v ever seen. I ordered the Saturday special which was a plate of biscuits and gravy (I'm a simply gal) and my girlfriends order the much-raved about eggs benedict and an omlette. Let me tell you, for not being a fancy sit down brunch place, that was the best looking omletter I have ever seen. The bs and gs were great and I got a chocolate milk which totaled to $12.50. Meh, a little overpriced. I have to give NCounter props though, they sell their own merechandise and the branding they have going on is very cool and hip. Plus they have seating everywhere. I'm certain had it been a nice day out the place would have been packed to the rafters.Can't wait to go back!
5	I was skeptical about the hipster vibe, but at the same time, hipsters do enjoy some tasty food.I went with my husband and a friend, and we all had to order the bananas foster french toast.OH MY SHIT.  BEST FRENCH TOAST EVER.  NO COMPARISON.So gooey and thick and buttery and sweet and...I have to stop before I drool on my computer.
4	Been here a couple of times for breakfast on Sunday after a long bike ride with friends. Always bustling with activity, lots of which are ASU students. I recommend going on a day that's nice enough to sit outside, the patio is great for people watching! It is a self-serve cafe so much more casual in nature than other breakfast eateries but the food is awesome for the price you pay. 3 huge, fluffy, perfect pancakes with mix-ins for $6.50. If you love pancakes as much as I do, these are some of the best. If you're in the 'hood and can deal with the early closing hours, I definitely recommend this place amongst the many 'drab' eateries on Mill Ave.
4	Definitely a nice go to on Sunday morning.  Greek omelet was good.  My buddy had the scrambled eggs and the other stuff with it.  Both enjoyed it.  Would go back if the prices were a bit lower, but I think $9.29 for an omelet and toast is just a bit much.  I saw some old people sit down and then eventually leave.  I think they didn't realize it was order off to the side, take a number, and then wait for them to bring it out to you.
4	The menu has GF next to all of the gluten-free options. The options are mostly breakfast and salad but there are several choices. Potato vodka for your Bloody Mary even!!
4	First off, NCounter has such an amazing atmosphere. It's always bustling with students and is the perfect place to meet up for brunch with a friend. It's located right in the heart of Downtown Tempe on Mill Ave and is conveniently located next to the light rail. If you're not taking the light rail or getting there on foot, then I suggest parking in the parking lot behind Hayden Square Condominiums on 3rd Street and Ash. It's open, free, and NCounter is literally steps away!Now onto the food!!! The food not only tastes amazing, but is beautifully presented. Just by looking at the plate you would never imagine that it only cost $7-$9! Though there are many more that I have yet to try, my favorite as of right now is the House Request plate under the "Almost Fried" Breakfast section. The olive tapenade/cream cheese combination is so delicious and the side salad gives a nice balance to the sandwich! The only negative is that the eggs are sometimes a little too runny for the sandwich making it a little difficult to eat, but is still yummy nonetheless. For those who want something more sweet then there are pancakes and french toast that are simple, but do just the trick (or pastries if you want something small). If you're not in the breakfast mood then there are also many sandwiches and salads to choose from. Although this place is always packed I have never waited long for my food and the service is always excellent. If you are in the area by chance or for some festivities taking place on Mill/Tempe Town Lake, then I would highly recommend stopping by here for a bite to eat. You won't be disappointed!
5	Our 1 hour drive to Tempe for NCounter was worth every penny.  Great value for the $$$.  Very inexpensive meals with friendly/helpful staff.
4	NCounter is located on the infamous Mill Avenue (to those who live around ASU) just a mile from Sun Devil Stadium. I like that you order and pay at the front counter and then take a seat with your order number. There are plenty of seats inside and out. I ordered the veg omelet that includes peppers, mushrooms, onions, tomato, jack and cheddar cheeses. You can order any of the omelets with egg-white only for an extra charge. The omelets also come with your choice of one side (toast, potatoes, or fruit). Overall: The staff is friendly, the food is good and the location is great (as long as you can get street parking without too much hassle).
5	Okay so this isn't technically in scottsdale, but its worth the drive. AMAZING food. I haven't ordered anything I didn't like and I am hooked on the croque monsieur. They also source all their ingredients locally including their amazing coffee. Seating here is hard to come by so if you're in a pair, have one stand in line to order and the other find a table.
3	Ncounter features fresh food and an expansive menu.  The ingredients are local when available and the location and feel of the restaurant is top notch. More spicy food needed tho, even tho the hot sause collection is nice...  High three star rating. I recommend...
1	So I went to N Counter last week, had a terrible experience! I went as far to write a letter to 3 email addresses listed on their site... and no response. So here it is :)To who it may concern:    I just arrived back from lunch at N Counter and am still considerably upset at just what happened. I tried to use the contact us button on your website but it appears there is no confirmation when trying to hit send.   I was able to leave my office and enjoy a lunch date with my boyfriend, which is very important to me since we have conflicting schedules.  We jokingly argued where to eat lunch, I wanted N Counter for your great salads and he wanted to go to Cheba Hut for their big sandwiches... I won.  Since I am eligible for expenses at my job, when I approached the register I told the cashier clearly before ordering that I needed to pay for mine separately and will need an itemized receipt for reimbursement.  I ordered clearly a Fushion Chopped Chicken salad and a soda, he then swiped my card.  I bring up my order because I have had in the past received the wrong chopped salad because I didn't say Fusion, always learn from my mistakes, right?  After swiping my card, he said he needed to wait for my boyfriends order for an itemized receipt so our food was on the same ticket.  I let him know, that's fine as long as my receipt included my food only.  Of course after J ordered, swiped his card and the itemized receipt had all of our food on it.  I was very disappointed, because I was very clear and polite on what I needed.  After he pulled the receipt, he asked if it would be a problem?  Yes, it is actually... that's why I asked twice. So the young man went and got a "manager" which may be one of you on this email, he looked at me and said it was not possible to get a different receipt. I explained my needs to the manager and let him know I asked twice,  I was very frustrated to say the least but remained professional.  I then was told by the manger to " CALM DOWN".  I was in complete shock, I couldn't believe it.  He said this to me in front of a full line of people, I was so embarrassed.  He put in the order again, with a no make and handed me the receipt and I walked away.  I usually speak up for myself when necessary but I had no words for his behavior towards me as a customer.  We sat down outside, I am trying to shake it off and enjoy the rest of my lunch hour.  The runner brought our food and it was the wrong salad, I questioned it politely and said I ordered the Fushion chopped.  She just stared at me and I felt very uncomfortable, so I offered to take the salad and interest of eating with my boyfriend.  She then offered to get me the proper lunch.  Again I was flustered.  The salad came quickly and was able to salvage  some of my lunch date, when she dropped the salad off we realized we never got the cupcake we paid for on the second bill so we had to ask for that too.  So all in all, what usually is a fantastic  or generally okay experience and a great lunch or breakfast was awful, embarrassing, waste of time and money.  I work very hard for everything in my life, my time is important to me, I treat everyone with respect and kindness and don't deserve to feel how I am feeling this afternoon after leaving your establishment. Next time... Cheba Hut!Respectfully,N
5	This place was not expected on Mill Ave. Great food with a modern feel. Banana Foster French Toast was incredible. Smoothie was decent, but we came for breakfast anyway. If you want me to rate the smoothies I would say 3 out of 5... Breakfast was an easy 5 out of 5 stars. Do not avoid this place assuming it is the typical Mill Ave dive, it is worth the trip no matter where you live.
4	Their breakfast is awesome. It brought me back to life on several occasions.  A lot of the food on their menu is really tasty and different which is cool because theres not a lot of places around like that.
4	Pretty delicious and fresh. Modern atmosphere and delicious breakfast. I love the iced mocha and the tasty eggs with avocados,  english muffins, and spinach. They provide siracha sauce too! MmmmThe only problem I had was that ordering area was two crowded and disorganized. It was hard to squeeze past people after I ordered.
4	Keep in mind, you're on Mill Ave - ASU college kid central. The staff reflects this. A bit flighty, some were really nice, though. One guy cleared and rearranged the tables and moved the umbrella so my friend and I could sit in the sun. We didn't get napkins or silverware with the food. I thought that was a bit silly. We had to hunt down the stuff ourselves, despite the fact there seemed to be tons of employees running around. The line was long and despite the large area - indoor and outdoor seating, including a breakfast bar - if you hit it at a hot time, you will have to wait in the cramped space. Claustrophobics beware! Now for the food. Pretty decent spicy bloody mary, definitely had a good kick to it. I'm a bloody mary fan and for $5 you can't go wrong. As a vegetarian, I was worried the options would be sparse. Not true. I had the vegetarian eggs benedict! They rocked! Never saw anything like that on any brunch/breakfast menus - and I get around. It was exactly what I wanted. Two English muffins, runny eggs (I like using the potatoes to soak up the yolks), fresh spinach, avocado and tomato slices and the right amount of Hollandaise. Wow. The potatoes were tasty - just needed a dash of salt, although I'm a salt hound. My friend had the coffee which he said was ok (but I can't judge for myself, sorry) and he had a more traditional breakfast of eggs, potatoes and bacon. He enjoyed it, though you'd really have to try and screw that one up. All in all the food was yummy and the location is great. Perfect when the weather is nice to sit outside and enjoy!
4	The only reason I left off a star is because its a bit pricey. The first time I went I got the chipotle egg burrito and it was FANTASTIC! It was filling and actually one of the cheaper breakfasts on the menu.The next time I went I ordered the Croque Monsieur, and lets just say... I've never ordered anything else from Ncounter again! I now ALWAYS get the Croque Monsieur. Sourdough bread topped with ham, tomatoes, gruyere, mustard, and two basted eggs. Every time I go back I tell myself to try something new like Bananas Fosters French (which looks so yummy!), but I a,ways go back to this. But, as I mentioned, it is quite pricey for something next to a college campus. The mimosas were over $5 and, while tasty, we're small and not a good value. I also believe the food prices may have raised since their opening. Maybe this is because of their quick rise in popularity.
4	Trendy, noisy, bright place, with lots of energy.  Came on a Saturday morning, and the place was hopping.  Good service crew, that gets the job done, cleans up and turns over the tables quickly.  You order at the counter, and they bring your food to you.  My wife had the Farm Market with only veggies.  She enjoyed the hollandaise sauce.  I had the Huevos and Chorizo, which was very good.  Not spectacular, but very good.  Portions are not huge, but reasonable size.  Our friend had the Bananas Foster, that looked really good.
4	This place is freggin AWESOME!!! So far I've only had an omelette, but it was so wonderfully stuffed with spinach, toms, and feta that I haven't been able to order anything else! Today's omelette isn't as GLORIOUS as last week's but I'm still crush it!
3	Came down here to meet up with friends who were in town. My friend says her sons always go here. Definitely come early. We got here at 10 am which was good.  Busy but atill a few tables. By 10:30 it was a long line and packed.  Got the bananas foster French toast.  It was good but a bit too sweet for me. My friends got the huevos and chorizo and the other got eggs Benedict.  They liked it.  Like that the have homemade pastries. Will be back to try other things.
2	I have high expectations for weekend breakfasts. I want them to be relaxing and leisurely, first of all. This place was neither of those. There were a TON of people swarming the place so the atmosphere was really frenetic and all the servers seemed annoyed and frazzled. I realize why they want you to order at the front--because if they served you like a regular place, they'd have to take off the cost of things on your bill because they messed up. So, yeah, you order at the counter and wait. And wait. And wait. We saw multiple tables get their food before us. We waited literally a half hour. We asked what was up and they said our order was lost somehow. Eyeroll. Thankfully, they got it out quickly after that, without utensils. I went to get some and found the utensil holder empty. The waitress said the forks were coming. Some kind of dishwasher delay. Uh, what kind of restaurant doesn't have forks? So then my food got cold. Worst of all, because I was so starving by the time I got to eat, the serving size didn't do it for me. It's not generous at all. It's like those gourmet places with tiny portions. I left hungry.
4	We ate here twice on a visit to Tempe, both times for lunch and both times ordered the cold turkey and avocado sandwich.  The bread is amazing.  The sandwich is stacked!  Ingredients were fresh.  Service was good & great - at the register a little less than enthusiastic, but we ate at the bar and both servers there were friendly and helpful.  A great switch from our typical pub lunches - we look forward to going back during our next visit to Tempe!
5	Do you want an amazing meal AND feel like you're stepping onto a CW soundstage? Then this place is for you. Chock full of flavor, fresh food & lots of beautiful people. The bananas foster French toast is just - just - words just cannot do it justice.  I also shared their croque monsieur and would recommend that to anyone with a mouth.  Side note, I feel like the hours this place is open corresponds nicely to the hours I'm comfortable hanging out on Mill Ave (that's another story all together).  I will most definitely be back.
4	We had a great breakfast here. It is set up in a fast food fashion but the food is way better than you will ever find at any fast food place. Lots of college kids flock into this place so you know the foods great and the prices are right.
4	This a a new trendy place in the mill ave district. Breakfast here is delicious, although the portions are on the smaller side so if you're starving it might not be the best choice. Tip: best bloody Mary I've ever had.
4	Great breakfast!
4	Great breakfast experience. Came at 8:00 on a Tuesday morning, so predictably there were plenty of seats and no wait.You order at the counter and the staff will bring your meal to your table. Coffee, utensils, condiments, etc. are self service. Quick note:  Staff were all very friendly and attentive. It seemed as though the cared, and enjoyed their jobs. Well done. I had the Farmers Market, essentially a vegetarian eggs Benny. Quite tasty and good portions. The only negative with my meal was that one of my eggs was poached hard, the other very runny. Not sure how this happens, but no big deal. Variety is the spice of life, they say, and ncounter is no exception it seems.  A bit of Cholula hot sauce and I was good to go. Street parking was plentiful. I wouldn't hesitate to return during my next Tempe visit, and would confidently refer others.
5	Came here on my way to the airport and loved it! The food came out quickly and they got all of modifications correct. I had the burrito, my sister the Benedict, and my mom some kind of huevos rancheros we all shared an order of the wheat germ pancakes. I would recommend everything we got. The service was also great even though there was a line the man taking our order was patient and answered the questions. The girl who brought our foo offered us sharing plates for the pancakes. And someone even stopped by our table to ask if the temperature was ok and if we needed him to get us an umbrella! We had great food and didn't need to look around at all when we needed something! Definitely worth a shot if you are in the area!
5	This place was my first stop in AZ as soon as I got in from the airport. EVERYTHING IS DELICIOUS. I mean, you gotta love a place that has morning cocktails. AMIRITE?
5	Great food, great atmosphere! If there is something on the menu you're in the mood for, you won't be disappointed. If you pick at random, you probably won't be disappointed. When you see what others are eating at thier table, you'll wish you ordered what they have. .  . until you get yours.
4	While not the most spectacular breakfast I've ever had, there were a lot of good options from healthy to calorie-packed. Good for large parties because you pay at the counter and they bring you the food (no awkward splitting of checks). Glad to see some new places on Mill, hope it sticks around.
4	Wow, my roomate took me here when I first moved to Arizona several months ago. I was impressed! The food was awesome, the decor really cute, and they have a cute bar that serves alcoholic beverages. I loved my eggs benedict and would love to return here again sometime soon!Cheers
1	There were 40 people in line and no tables to be had so we walked in then out. Maybe next time.
3	The food was good. The salads are way over priced.
5	Phenomenal!  Get the grilled cheese.  Breathtaking.  And might I recommend a mimosa?
3	We have eaten several times for breakfast only.  I usually order a breakfast sand which and have been pleased.  Today I ordered the hot Juan omelette and was disappointed.   Way to much cheese which led to the omelette sitting in a lot of grease.  Way to little chorizo and way to much salsa.  The omelette was drowning in salsa.  My MIL had French toast that was cold.  My d got pancakes and enjoyed those.  They were good.  I will also agree with the poster below that the music is a tad to loud at breakfast.  When you continually have to say what it is to loud.
4	Came in Saturday morning for breakfast. There was a long line, but it moved quickly. I got the granola pancakes, SO got the morning glory omelet with potatoes. Took about fifteen minutes for our food to arrive. Also, we appreciated that the menu indicated gluten-free items!Boyfriend was very pleased with his omelet and sides. The granola pancake was basically just granola thrown on to their regular pancake batter. It was good, but I was disappointed to find that one of my pancakes was raw on the inside (next to the granola). We will return, but I am going to get a different dish next time.
2	While the food here was good, I am just not a fan of the long line, the packed atmosphere, and the tight quarters. Just don't feel like I had any personal space, and made me feel a bit stressed out, and rushed. I would suggest coming here for breakfast, however I highly recommend to avoid the busy hours.
5	Not a fan of lines, but luckily when we arrived, there was a small line and tables available to sit. I'm not sure if that's because school is out or it was a Saturday, but either way, no line works and the food worked even better. I was coming in for lunch, but two people before me ordered pancakes and they looked too incredible to pass up. The banana walnut variety was my choice and these babies were up there in my top 5 pancake list. Some nuts were even baked into the pancakes and only a smidgeon of butter was needed and some syrup to complete what was a great meal. The strawberry bananna smoothie could have used more flavor, but washed everything down. We also tried a Waldorf salad and that got rave reviews as well. Terrific place, wasn't expecting things to be so good.
4	Right in the middle of downtown Tempe you will find a plethora of restaurants, bars and shops.  So what made us choose NCounter?  Well first of all we wanted breakfast and secondly you never say no to my cousin Tina.  So we entered a place that normally I would have walked past, well I am super happy we didn't pass this place up.First and foremost if you see an empty table when you walk in, GRAB IT, they are as rare as Foie Gras is in California.  Next go stand in line to order and pay or you will never get fed.  So even though this place sort of starts out like a fast food restaurant, the attention to the food served severs that connection very quickly.  The food is really good and made to order.I ordered The Killer breakfast sandwich.  It was a "nearly" fried egg with blue cheese, tomatoes and perfectly cooked bacon on a ciabatta roll.  The sandwich was very tasty I only wish I had switched out the bread, ciabatta is not my favorite bread and yet this one was still very soft and tasty.  Hubby got the Croque Monsieur, he liked his meal but he is spoiled and normally eats them at a real French restaurant so he wasn't over joyed.  However they gained points when he was served a spicy Bloody Mary, oh yes my friends they have a full bar.So breakfast was good, but it is crazy in here.  People are coming and going all the time, it's crowded and REALLY LOUD (did you hear me?)  Also parking can be challenging.  We were very lucky because we were there on a Sunday and the College students are on break (ASU is right around the corner).All in all, I would definitely like to have their food again, but I think next time I will take it to go and find a quiet spot to enjoy a gourmet breakfast.  Oh they have lunch items too, but don't go after 3pm because they will be closed.
5	This place makes me happy and has a little spot in my tummy. Located in downtown Tempe at the heart of it all Mill Ave this place is usually packed. I'm not going to go into all the reasons I enjoy this place there are too many but I will highlight a few things (1) You can order online and come pick it up (2) They have a great outdoor patio. My recommendations Breakfast- grilled wheat germ granolaSandwich Hot- PortobelliniSandwich Cold- smokehouse avocado stackSalad- Original Chop (My FAVORITE SALAD) the presentation is colorful and beautiful, taste is scrumptious, and pesto dressing is amazing Only downfall is it closes at 3pm too early for me.
3	Well not much on the lunch menu here really appeals to me so I don't think it will be in my regular rotation even though it is pretty close to my new job. However, I certainly don't mind having breakfast for lunch every once in a while. I had the French Toast today and it was awesome! As the other reviewers have said this place does get pretty crowded, though. Even though it was past noon and it is the summer so ASU is not in session, I still had no choice but to eat at the bar. Well, I guess I did have a choice, I could have sat outside but come on, its over 100 degrees out there!
5	This is my favorite breakfast restaurant in Tempe especially on the weekends! I've been here over ten times last year with 0 complaints. My favorite breakfast is the chipotle egg burrito, which includes avocado, bacon, cheese, potatoes, and more! My only complaint is that too many people like NCounter, and thus, it is always super filled. But who cares... When the food is good, I'm always there.
4	I've been to NCounter a couple of times now, and i am pleased to say I rather like it. The first time I ordered the pear omelet, which I remember scarfing down in a state of sweet, cheesy, eggy bliss. I also had a greyhound - fresh squeezed grapefruit juice and vodka - which really made my day for two reason: first, it combines three of my favorite things (grapefruit, vodka, greyhounds), and also because the juice is fresh. My second time there I got the Farmer's Market, which is there vegetarian version of eggs Benedict: English muffin, tomato, spinach, avocado, poached egg, hollandaise. Yum. Most of the dishes are paired with potatoes, and I am happy to report that these are also excellent. Many of the breakfast potatoes around are mediocre at best, but there are nicely seasoned and cooked just right. I paired my meal with a cappuccino, the only disappointing part of my experience. If you want a cappuccino made the traditional way, with equal parts espresso, steamed milk and foam, then order it dry. Otherwise you will be served a latte. Send it back and you will be served another latte. Say something to the barista and you will be informed that you are wrong. Ah well, this really isn't such a big deal since there is a clear way around it. NCounter will likely be making it into the regular rotation of breakfast places, especially on days when a breakfast cocktail is in order.
4	Chopped salad is amazing but bananas foster French toast is excessively drenched in syrup and butter, and served with syrup and butter on the side!! Environment is great.
1	We thought it was a joke when my Banana Foster French Toast was covered with a film of brown slime coming out from the mouth of the possessed girl from "Exorcist." After a few stirs, the revolting concoction would coagulate into an amorphous blob metastasizing and multiplying to devour its prey in a science horror film. Panicky and nauseous, we summoned our young waitress to attend to our distress. "This is the banana foster sauce. It is not supposed to be syrupy and this is how it's always been made like this," she answered with such composure and disinterest in our seemingly futile concern. Curiosity dared us to ask how the sauce was made. Returned with the precarious object still on the plate, our waitress proclaimed it was cooked with butter, reduced sugar, triple sac [and cornstarch, alien DNA...].Lightning struck us as we exited the restaurant in trepidation into the scorching 109 degree heat under the Phoenix sun: we were in Tempe, Arizona.
5	Came here since we were in Tempe down the street from Mill.It has a trendy atmosphere; clean, cement floors, wooden tables, bare but with large, interesting art pieces. Inside was spacious and clean. Service was friendly. You order at a counter, seat yourself, and they'll bring your food out when it's ready.We both ordered the Classic Eggs Benedict. Both meals were wonderful. Thick slices of ham, eggs cooked perfectly, and the hollandaise sauce was perfectly seasoned. Fried potatoes came with the eggs and they tasted so good they didn't need any seasoning or ketchup, etc...Our experience was great! We'd definitely come back when we're nearby.
4	I'm staying in Tempe for the first time, visiting from Chicago and I love this spot for breakfast. I had the veggie omelette and it was delicious. They had plenty of healthful choices along with other breakfast specials to splurge on. I went back the next day and split the French toast with my mom and it was amazing. They use fresh challah bread with cinnamon and it's thick cut. Opted for the strawberries on the side. Fresh berries! The coffee's good too.
3	We went for the first time, and enjoyed the pre-busy hours (7am) and enjoyed their shady patio. I had the farmer's market bene. It was beautiful, and I really appreciated the big helping of vegetables. The hollandaise was great. The bad: the muffin wasn't toasted, which left the entire dish soggy. Also, the eggs were way under-poached, so the whites were really runny and hard to eat. Overall, very mushy dish. Good enough to go back, though.
5	Food was delicious ! Can't wait to eat here again !
5	I LOVE NCounter!  They do breakfast well and have great dishes that are imaginative without going off the deep end.  If you like a Benedict and you are wild about cream cheese get the NCounter Omelets!  Seriously it is my go to item and it's like crack.  I also love that they have a protein smoothie on their menu so I enjoy my brunch with my man friend instead of getting stuck at some health food place.With all this good food the place can get busy and slow which is the only negative thing I can say about it but I guess that is what happens when people find out that your food is freaking amazing.I also love that I can order online for my to-go order.  Makes my life a lot easier with a few clicks of a button!
2	This was not a good experience. The only reason I am giving it two stars is for two reasons. One is for the delightful folks we met at the restaurant in order to not get kicked off of our table for 6. ( Yes, kicked off a table- Sheesh!) They were awesome folks though. Two, the woman who took our order was very nice. The restaurant is built with no rhyme, reason or sense. If it was not crowded enough they crowded even more tables into an already cramped space. They put the coffee counter in the worse strategically placed area in the entire restaurant. I got knocked over twice when I tried to refill my coffee. The restaurant itself is cut throat to get a seat and packed with angry, rude customers and staff who ask you if you are done yet. (Really? When I go out I do not want people rushing me and making me rush off my table. How rude) When we finally got a table we literally got told me could not sit there and had to move because it was reserved for 6 or more people. WHAT??? I have never seen this in a restaurant before. The waitress kept telling us we had to move. Finally, I was so pissed after she told us to go outside in 120 degree heat we went and got people who were waiting and invited them to sit down with us. We made a party table. The waitress was not happy with us. Oh well, the feeling was mutual.The staff find it impossible to work here. They can not deliver the food or service the self serve coffee counter due to space limitations and crowds of people waiting to fight it out for a table. I had the sad misfortune to time my empty coffee cup with the staff members attempt to deliver a new urn of coffee. With that and other customers visiting the counter for napkins and such, it makes it a literally impossible and maddening task. The waitress trying to replace the urn was very rude and snappy with me. She about ripped my head off. Sorry, I am in your way lady. I am a paying customer actually trying to get some of your coffee. They really need to change the entire layout of how they do things here. I can't believe no one has ever gotten hurt or burnt eating at Ncounter. To make matters worse there is a table like two inches away from the counter. God forbid one sits at that table. So, "what about the food?" Hmmmmmm, I found the food not good at all. The coffee was not exceptionally yummy and was way too hot. I got the Banana's Foster and it was Blahhhh. It tasted weird and made me feel sick afterwards. It had some weird sauce on top of it that did not taste right and was strange to the touch. Also, part of our order was not delivered and we had to drive back to get it. My meal was also not hot enough. On the fair side, my friend had the ham sandwich dish that has a french name to it. I tasted it and it was okay but not good enough for the price. The brownie cookie we had was good too. It wasn't the best I have ever had but good. Their other bakery items looked promising, except maybe the bagel, which looked gross. The entire experience was so aggravating I would not go back unless it was winter for patio seating, and or off hours, ( But what are their off hours here? This is the second time I have been here and it was too crowded to get service) It seems taking things Togo here might be the way to go. However, then they would need to change the name of the restaurant wouldn't they?
5	Everything looked so Good and everyone in my party of 12 liked their meals as well.  It was very busy, but that's a good thing so if you made it later in the morning it would be a little calmer
3	This is a great place on Mill for brunch.  I popped in in the middle of the week around 1130-12.  Surprisingly it wasn't too crowded with a busy lunch crowd. You walk in and order, they give you a number and bring your food to you.  I had a cup of coffee and a loaded omelet with fruit as the side.  The omelet was deliciously huge and jam packed with ingredients.  The coffee was just average, I mean..it was in one of those metal towers I'm sure it was just old considering it was lunch time.  The place was very open and bright which is always nice for lunch.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying their salad because they all looked great.  Service was fast and friendly, this is a great place to pop into for breakfast or lunch.
3	Cute little breaky / lunch place on Mill. Good food, vibe, and friendly staff. Pretty average lunch price wise and definitely worth checking out at least once. The dining room has a lot of tables, especially 2 tops designed for the lunch crowd. Plenty of space outside on their cool patio as well.
5	Gluten-free boyfriend and I come here frequently and love it. It's one of the few places we can both get breakfast in the area. Delicious food. Only downsides are that it is always packed and parking sucks, but that's Mill Ave.
5	Love fully loaded!
5	Superb breakfast... French toast is a must!  Awkard closing time, just make sure you make it in before then!
4	Great breakfast/brunch joint. It's clean, quick & efficient, and serves above average food. I usually go for their yogurt & granola or original chop salad...so good! Hubby gets a range of things and has never been disappointed. It gets packed for a reason, especially on weekends!
1	stewardess can I have another drink? Nothing more than airplane food in a nice place won't return
4	NCounter is located on the North end of Mill Ave, near the PHX Metro Light Rail track.  As much as I hate going out to eat on Mill Ave, due to the stressful moments I have trying to find parking, this place is definitely worth it.The restaurant has a modern industrial feel to it, as the color scheme is black, white, and gray with orange accents. It's very trendy and has a "underground hipster" feel to it.  Very appropriate for its college town location.  They have a large patio section surrounded by trees which makes brunch on a February afternoon seem like you're relaxing in paradise. Service there is very laid back.  You place your order at the front counter, you're given a letter (N.C.O.U.N.T.E.R. which I thought was pretty clever) to bring to your table as you wait for a server to deliver your food.  You serve your own drinks and retrieve any extra napkins or utensils you may need for your meal.  Seating is all first come first serve based, and the restaurant is even dog friendly.  I was really excited to see a cute Shitzu getting tangled up under a neighboring table. The only thing that I didn't like was the line formation when ordering.  Tables and chairs are set up down the center of the restaurant in an angular position and you are forced to maneuver your way around other guests as you walk to the back counter to place your order.  Even there, space is limited; which results in you waiting in line- standing a foot away from customers trying to enjoy their meal. Once in line, I was struggling with deciding on an meal.  There is so much variety to choose from.  I got to the counter expecting to see only breakfast items (waffles, pancakes, omelettes, etc) but they also offer a selection of soups, salads, and sandwiches.For the most part, NCounter is a great spot to visit for brunch if you're in the Tempe area.  I really enjoyed the ambiance and the quick service.  It's probably not something that I would necessarily make the trip for if I wasn't living in the area- but that also comes hand in hand with the fact that I hate parking on Mill. :)
5	The best breakfast spot in tempe. Husband and I come for breakfast couple times a month. Food is always great service fast and friendly. Neat location on mill ave.
4	Excellent breakfast place but it does get crowded on weekends so come early!  I've been here about 4-5 times so far and just love it!  Mimosas are good and they have different varieties.  The side patio is nice. They have loose leaf tea freshly bagged and delicious smoothies. Yogurt and fruit is always good, but my favorite is the french toast.  You can get it with different sides, I think fruit, potatoes, or other options available.  Definitely the best breakfast spot in Tempe.
3	Where do I begin? I had been wanting to try this place for the longest time, somewhat disappointed. The whole setup up was like a hyena feeding frenzy. Of course, it was Sunday (brunch), but I wasn't aware of the order at the front and wait for your food. Food I'd say was mediocre. I ordered the pear omelet and my friend got the morning glory. Decent serving size. I can't really go into much detail because to me it was pretty plain. Definitely not an ideal brunch. Felt too rushed and not relaxing as Sunday brunch should be. Tried it once, probably not going back. Didn't quite shake my taste buds.
2	I ate here last Sunday and we placedOur order and were served in a timely manner. My friend ordered the huevos ranchero.rdered the farmers market eggs Benedict with a side ofCanadian bacon. After trying different eggs Benedict at different restaurants across different cities, I was sad to say this wasn't the best I've tried. The hollandaise sauce was overpowering and very thick. The avocado was past its peak of ripeness and the tomato lacked succulence. I did however enjoy my cup of vanilla latte. I had the chance to try the huevos ranchero and it was mediocre at best. I would come here again but wouldn't order what I go ever again. I did like the atmosphere and loved the outdoor seating.I also loved the way and ease of ordering. The servers were quick to give us our food and even if it was crowded their service was top notch.
3	Good -- Omelettes, sandwiches, salads, pancakes -- fresh, creative, well presented.Excellent customer service.Bad -- Potatoes, acoustics (can't hear the person across the table)Very bad -- Coffee, which is watery. Even the espresso drinks are weak and flavorless.
5	Whenever friends or family are in town I always take them here for brunch because of the wide variety of great eats. They have a nice outdoor patio to enjoy your meal at too. Extra points for good music!
4	Love Ncounter! They have breakfast to die for and I love their coffee brew. They have a large menu so there is a lot to pick from and we don't get tired of it. I also appreciate that their atmosphere is more casual, because we like to stop by after morning hikes or bike rides. They are usually VERY busy which would be my only complaint. We have come here in the morning on weekdays and weekends at varying times and we can never seem to find a "slow" time for NCounter. So if it is busy, it is tricky to find seating.
4	I went for brunch for two times, and really enjoyed their food and seating.  Omelets are so good. If the weather is not so hot, you can just sit outside chilling with your friends by the street side. Now whenever i feel like a brunch, Ncounter just pops up in my head. Love it!
4	Great breakfast food. I didn't have one of their pancakes, but they are HUGE and look very yummy indeed. Go early, as it does get quite crowded.
4	Plain n Simple Breakfast is the way to go.  Plenty of food and great presentation.  Enjoy the breakfast with a cup of their coffee which is very good.  Place is bustling around 9 on a Saturday am.  Grab a table in the back corner if you want some quiet.
5	Great spot- amazing breakfast.
5	I love this place!  I have not had one bad dish here.  This is finally a place on Mill Ave that will make it.  I highly recommend the Portobellini sandwich and the Banana Fosters French Toast.  They also serve Bellinis and Mimosas!
4	Saw this on Fox 10 one morning and thought it looked good. My girlfriend is a celiac so finding breakfast places for her can be difficult, especially with places that sneak flower into eggs to make them fluffier (ihop). All of the omelets are gluten free (They do state that the kitchen is not gluten free so there is a chance of cross contamination) and are quite good. She had a cheese omelet with ham, I stuck with the plain and simple breakfast. The quality of the food was good, I found that while my bacon was properly cooked, it wasn't as warm as I would have liked it. The eggs were cooked well but the best part of the plate were the grilled potatoes! On top of that is this apple cinnamon jelly for the toast that is a must have. The omelet was almost too cheesy but good size and not super greasy. It also came with a side, she chose the fruit which was fresh. The portions were perfect for what you pay for, I was full but didn't have to unbutton my pants when I left, which is the worst part about most breakfast joints, it really slows down the rest of the day.To top off our meals I chose a regular coffee which wasn't too strong but had a great flavor. I'm not sure how often they change it out, but it fresh enough for my taste. My girlfriend had a caramel latte, which was really good, very smooth and not as bitter as it's Starbucks' counterpart.The atmosphere was modern, with lots of outdoor seating. We were there on a Wednesday morning so it was not crowded and were in and out with time left on the parking meter outside. I believe that going here on a weekend would be a different story, as I'm sure it could get quite crowded. I would suggest not sitting right next to the fence or you may get a visit from one of Mill Ave's locals asking for spare change.We will be going again, I'd like to try some of their other menu items
2	Sooooooo much promise but such crappy service.  Rude staff, food is decent  but the staff thinks they're too cool for school.  Went for brunch with the hubby, had the French toast, he the chipotle burrito...mine was cold like ice cold.  Brought me new one and was still cold.
4	I won't go often, but if I want breakfast on Mill Ave this my first idea to go to. It's a great idea for a date here instead of meeting them at night too! (Tip)
5	Great service, lovely atmosphere and top class food. Try the vegetarian omelette... it's awesome!
3	The Sunday morning hangover brunch crowd Nside Ncounter was almost exclusively sorostitutes and their frat bros wearing outfits that made me increasingly nauseated. ...We were off to a good start.I ordered the carbs bonanza, aka the granola pancakes, aka two very large, plain pancakes with granola sitting on top of them, served with fake maple syrup. I was hoping they meant the granola was Nside the pancake, but sometimes my menu Nferences stem from too high of expectations. It was not impressive, if you hadn't deduced that from my tone, but it was made of enough wheat to soak up Nything you may or may not have consumed the night before.Would I recommend Ncounter? Not N particular. But if you're N the area? It does the trick.
4	This is one of my favorite breakfast spots on Mill Ave in Tempe (good for lunch too).  The food is perfect (eggs etc, sandwiches, salads) and quick (order at the counter and they deliver to your table). The staff is friendly and the place is clean.  Everything on the menu is delicious...I've tried it all.It's right across from the light rail stop at 3rd & Mill.  There's also convenient parking half a block west in the garage.So here are a few problems to keep in mind before you go (you should go, but beware):1). The drip coffee sucks. If you want a good coffee drink ask for it at the coffee counter....or walk a block south to Starbucks.  2). There is only one electrical outlet for public use in the whole place. So charge your devices before you go. No, I won't tell you where it is but if you see me there I might share it with you.3). During the ASU school year it is usually busy. But don't let the lines keep you away. They move surprisingly fast and you will be eating sooner than if you were to go elsewhere.
4	Great little spot in Tempe with great patio views of the Hill and hot ASU girls walking by. I had the chorizo breakfast and it was really good and not as oily as most. Also the price is really good and under $8 for most plates. It is great concept even with the extreme busyness they had on a Sunday morning. I wish for breakfast spots were a hybrid sit down fast food spot. My friend says I need to come back for the farmers benedict so I will return.
4	Nice place. I've only had breakfast here. It has always been very good.
4	Friendly staff, good food and overall a nice place. Granola was really good with decent but not amazing fruit. The French toast was very sweet but good. The OJ was fresh and good. Great outdoor seating and parking was easy. Worth going...
4	I am visiting from out of town and staying near the Phoenix airport. Decided to take the  light rail and was pleasantly surprised to find this place right in front of me when exiting the train. I ordered the eggs Benedict. Came with diced potatoes. I also ordered a coffee. Everything was good but nothing spectacular to rave about. I liked that the food wasn't greasy but the meal was slightly over priced in my opinion.The guy at the register wasn't sure whether to address me as "sir" or "man" so he used both which was a bit weird. Haha overall good experience and a good place to come back to for breakfast. Again nothing to rave about but if you want breakfast and don't care to only try places worth traveling for, then you're good coming here.
1	A word of advice to those eating in the Tempe area: avoid restaurants filled with trendy vibes, trendy college students, and 40-somethings dressing 20-something to relive their trendy years. Do I sound petty? Perhaps. But I stand by that statement and Ncounter is probably the best proof I can display to fulfill my words.Aesthetically, Ncounter appears to be your standard wannabee "coffee center of intellect." Sepia toned pictures of windmills straight out of the Wizard of Oz, run-of-the-mill bright wood tables, a "bar," and a hand full of the self-proclaimed elite trend monkeys I just love so much to hate. What a bore. Now being my first, and hopefully last, visit to Ncounter both myself and the person I came with were slightly taken back by the new menu. Standing a few feet away from the actual ordering area we spent at least five or so minutes pondering upon what to eat. Everything sounded so appealing and utterly delicious! Every breakfast classic from eggs benedict (shortened to "bene's" ugh...) to your standard omelette had enough variations available to please nearly any palette. Already in the mood for an omelette, I gravitated towards an item entitled the "Hot Juan." Chorizo, salsa, jalapenos, cheese, peppers, and onions; sounds wonderful does it not? My breakfast mate decided upon a somewhat similar option, "Huevos n' Chorizo." Essentially the same dish only the eggs are served sunny side rather than in omelette form. We also ordered a side of sourdough toast and a coffee to share. **The coffee here is self serve, something I have not before seen in a restaurant. A great idea I wish more establishments would catch on to.**Before I get into the actual food itself I want to discuss the vibe and service of Ncounter. The place is infested with what could possibly be the rudest, most self-absorbed, trendy, soul wretched, basic, and nasty clientele and staff on Earth. Everyone from the man behind the ordering counter to the bus boys to the gathering of Pitchfork Media fans (some of them were actually wearing the logo on their clothes...) exuded a vile aura of judgement. Sneering and sneakily nodding at the apparently entertaining crowd around them, each and every individual resembled a cartoon character created to fill the world with angst and elitism. I could not help but feel like an onlooker of a real life Breakfast Club. Clashing cliques of staff and customers. Is this a restaurant or high school? Also really did not appreciate my server essentially tossing my plate of food on the table and scurrying away without a word. Okay so you get the point, the place is hipster hell. Or maybe I'm just being dramatic. I imagine everyone will have different opinion on the matter. Fortunately, I actually do have something both undeniable AND negative to spew about Ncounter. The food resembled that of a musty and fly ridden diner I once ate at in a nightmare I had years ago. In fact, it was so insultingly putrid and revolting I refuse to actually go in depth. So instead here is a short list of single words that describe the slop I was served:1. Cold2. Meatless3. Pace (yes, like the salsa brand)4. Floppy5. Speechless Ncounter serves no purpose for a foodie, which is weird because I seem to have developed a love-hate relationship with the dump over the course of writing this review. I absolutely LOVE and ADORE the fact that Ncounter is essentially the restaurant equivalent to an Old-Western brothel. The over-hyped food and foul attitude of the place keeps trendy people out of my sight much like cheap whiskey and prostitutes herded the mongrel masses of times past into a playpen of their own filthy ways. I absolutely HATE everything else about it. In case you didn't pick this up on your own, the ever increasing anger in the tone of my review really just represents EXACTLY how my experience played out... Also I feel ashamed I actually devoted so much emotion and time into writing about Ncounter. God, even the name is terrible isn't?
4	The brunch place of MillNcounter is a cute place with exceptional foodThe menu is very healthy, which sort of makes it stick out from the other Mill Avenue breakfast/lunch optionsOn my last visit I got the breakfast special which was biscuits & gravyI love biscuits & gravy and Ncounter made them pretty goodI usually get the almost fried "Farmers Choice" which is pretty good for us carnivoresThe coffee and cappuccino's are yummy as wellThey also serve some adult brunch beverages which I likeThe line can be long some days but it's worth the wait
5	Thank you to Yelp again - we found this great spot so close to the hotel we could walk.  The line was out the door but moved quickly.  The cashier was nice and answered all my questions. Everyone was happy - bloody marys, specialty coffees, great breakfast items.  We will return the next time we are in Tempe.
4	I've been here several times for breakfast and lunch, and I love it.As a mushroom lover, I'd have to recommend the portobellini sandwich. Mushroom-vegetable goodness in a bun.
5	Order anything... it's all good. Seriously.While Mill Avenue isn't exactly full of great breakfast spots, this one is about as good as it gets. From granola wheat germ to fried skillets, eggs benedict, chipotle burro, they have a ton of selections. Yeah, that's the hardest part of going here; selecting what to get. Oh, yeah... Don't forget to start off with a smoothie. If you have kids, ask for the Mickey Mouse pancakes, they will love them.For lunch, the salads and sandwiches are equally as good. The cheese-freak in me is a fan of the "melt-down" and the "cheddar'd dip"Ncounter is one of the most light rail friendly locations along the line. In fact, it's directly across from the light rail station at 3rd and Mill, you can't miss it. If driving, you can park in the garage just West of Ncounter or on Mill OR in the parking lot on the East side of the road.Oh, they have beer, booze, coffee and pastries, too. Grab a coffee or try a bloody mary or a mimosa while sitting on the patio, you can't go wrong...The red velvet cupcake really doesn't suck. My friend Bill ordered one once and I had to have a taste. Nothing says manly like two dudes sharing a red velvet cupcake, right?
4	Great salads and sandwitch selection. So far I have only tried the vegetarian mushroom sandwitch and I love it so much I'm afraid to try anything else. The vibe is more modern and upbeat. Food comes out relatively quick.They are very busy during lunch hours so try to avoid going there between 11pm - 1pm if you don't like crowds.
4	I had the Farmer's Market: basically a benedict with spinach, tomato and avocado.  Delicious.  Hollandaise was good, ingredients were fresh, and coffee was pretty good.  My only complaint is the home fries.  They were those frozen type you can get that are too salty and dry out fast.  Fresh potatoes would be so much better.  Other than that, a hit.
3	(Lyrics - Snow - Informer)Ncounter, ya' Bo Bites me I'll go YelpA yelpy, Bo Bites downA restaurant review I say, Bo Biting somewhere in the Phoenix wayA yelpy, Bo Bites downNcounter, ya' Bo Bites me I'll go Yelp A yelpy, Bo Bites down A restaurant review I say, Bo Biting somewhere in the Phoenix wayA yelpy, Bo Bites downNcounter is a nice hip place sprouted right on the north side of Mill Ave.  Brunch and Breakfast with a shot of mimosas and bellinis!  Yum!Order like a fast food joint and seated like a restaurant.  Not sure how I like that.  Sitting at the bar is not a bad idea either to get away from the crowd...or into it I should say.  The layout of the restaurant is a tad bit odd.  When it's busy with lines you kind of line up back to back with patrons at the bar and people sitting around!  Guess you must love thy neighbor here -- wink!I ordered the Chipotle Egg Burrito.  Presentation is a plus here!  First thought to me was there was a lot of cheese!  I'm not a cheese fan, but if you are this is your type of burrito.  With bacon, avocado, potatoes, cilantro, eggs, and a chipotle sauce it seems overwhelming, but it works.  However, I'm a texture guy and everything seems to be a one big mush for me.  If they added some crunch I think this burrito would be out of this world (tortilla chips?)  In the end, the place is packing with students and hipsters.  Very crowded and loud if you don't mind it's pretty cool.  Outdoor seating is nice and the food is A-Okay in my book! - Enjoy!
5	We had to drop our roommate off at the airport so we just yelped places around.  So glad I came across this gem.  You order first then seat yourselves, didn't seem overcrowded which was awesome because seats popped open.  We got the omelette and chipotle bacon burrito.  Omelette- I'm super pickey with eggs.. this was SO good! Everything from the eggs to cheese to veggies were perfect.  I got wheat bread which sometimes can be grainy and dry, it was super moist and tasted great with the omelette, couldnt be happier.  Chipotle bacon burrito- Awesome burrito the chipotle sauce complimented the dish so well and the tortilla was so soft.  A bit on the oily side but its ok, its breakfast! Definately want to come back to try the eggs benedict.
4	Most delicious and very quick even with a big Sunday brunch crowd!   My eggs were up by the time I got my coffee and a table!
4	This place has some pretty good stuff. I usually come here for breakfast with my brother on saturdays after a night out for some recovery drinks at their bar and my usual favorite sandwich, "The natie bomb".
4	Right at the top of the bustling college scene on Mill Ave. is this trendy Breakfast and Sandwich shop. I work down the street and had to check it out after inquiring about good eats in the neighborhood, the traffic it gets on a regular lunch hour is something to gawk at but the vibe is fitting for me and others who are familiar with the Northwest and the "Portlandia" mentality.I had the Natie Bomb Sandwich, because on the website in the gallery section it caught my eye. What is there not to like...  "smoked bacon, turkey, apple, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese, on grilled 12 grain"It was calling me... So, it despite the heavy amount of foot traffic, I found a place to sit outside and enjoy the sandwich with little effort, the turn over time is impressive as well. It is pressed before arrival and comes with a side of chips. If you are looking for comfort food this isn't really the place, but if your looking for creative takes on classics and a great place to just blend in and relax at a middle of the road price range. This place suits that need just fine.
4	Breakfast for lunch, had the strawberry pancakes w whipped cream. Situated on the corner of Mill and close to the light rail stop, so very convenient location and walkable from ASU. Plenty of options for everyone even the non meat eaters in your party. Patio seating is available and ordering is at the counter but food is delivered to your table. Place also has a bar so u can get beer wine some cocktails.
1	I went here on recommendation from a friend.  I saw the reviews it had already picked up and figured it couldn't be too bad.  Well, its not too good either.  My first issue is that they don't offer Egg Beaters as a substitute.  Not a big deal, but I had assumed a trendy place and trendy spot might.  Next, the potatoes that were served to me were absolutely from the day before.  We have all had leftover potatoes and know the difference.  Finally, the restrooms and the soap "squeeze" bottle were incredibly filthy.  Unless you simply can not make scrambled eggs on your own, avoid the hype of this place.
4	GR8 place for breakfast. Location, menu choices, and taste of food were all good. Costs was a little high for time of day, other than that would go back for the french toast and turkey sausage.
3	This place is very diffrent for mill! Breakfast is great tast like home not like a fast meal! worth the $$$ the evern have green juices but the parking SUCKS thats why we stopped going we had to pay to park then eat?  no thanks
5	Fresh ingredients, reasonable prices, a friendly staff and a good vibe. When I need breakfast or a good sandwich, that's the place for me in Tempe.
4	Very good menu and food. I got the simply perfect eggs (over medium) toast and sausage with taters with a strawberry smoothie.  Very good.  Got here just in time before it got crazy busy.  Others got the farmers market sandwich and enjoyed that.  Renee got the bona sandwich and loved that. The only downside, but was promptly fixed, Kevin got the simply perfect as well. He had a hair on his plate but they replaced his plate.  So it was fixed and was delish.  If you are in Tempe and want some good breakfast, Ncounter is a great place.
5	We decided to ride the light rail from end to end for something to do. We were going to get off at Mill and grab a bite at Whichwich but they were closed. Their loss. Ended up going here and it was great.  It was busy and filled with ASU students and hikers of A mountain. I got the original chopped salad. See pic. It was outstanding. If you've read any of my reviews you know it takes a lot to impress me and they did. My husband had the loaded omelette and also enjoyed that. See pic. We will definitely go back.
4	It was my first time walking in downtown Tempe and decided to go somewhere for a quick bite.  I loved how the name looked like a little scrabble piece and how the table "numbers" were letter themed.  I ordered a green juice called "The Hulk" and split a very yummy, warm blueberry muffin with my sister.  The juice was good, and some of the ingredients were spinach, banana and yogurt, I believe.  Only little funny incident was when we stood up to leave and I had a good 3 quarters of my juice left.  I looked away and looked back and my juice was missing!  Points for them, for being so quick to clean up and I was able to catch the server before he tossed my juice.  No harm, no foul.
3	The place was busy.  Still had plenty of seating outside on their patio.  Good vibe in the place, reminds me of liberty market in Gilbert.  I had a egg sandwich called killer. This sandwich had some cheese (forgot what kind of cheese) that was really strong.  It over powered the sandwich so I didn't care for it.  My wife had the pancakes.  Banana fosters pancakes I think.  These were really good.  I had half of her order since she never eats all of her food (lucky me;).  We also had a body Mary.  It was a little spicy, the way I like it.   It was not to strong, which to me is good if your having one with breakfast.   Next time we hike A-mountain,  we will stop in there to share the French toast.
4	Love this place! Always my go to breakfast place!
3	Be sure to try their eggs benedict and/or farmer's market. Really good at poaching their eggs, but sometimes their home fries turn out too fried or too soft. $5 bellinis and mimosas--not authentic tasting, but then again they are only $5.
2	Glorified Denny's is all this place is. This place used to be good but their food quality seems to have diminished. The portobello sandwich should be the spinach mayo sandwich on day old bread. Spinach and mayo being the cheapest ingredients, they def overload it and then skimp on the mushroom & artichoke. Won't be going back for anything except maybe coffee.
5	This place reminds you how many different ways there are to make breakfast and how little creativity you possess :D delish! Always cramped because everyone dines there for breakfast and brunch. Try it!
1	First off I have never given a bad review. My wife and I just got back from Ncounter and are still in amazement of what just happened. We decided to try this place because its good review of pancakes. I did order the pancakes and a latte. My wife ordered on open face breakfast sandwich with sunny side up eggs on top. First my latte arrived. I put three packets of sugar then gave it a try and found that this was the weakest coffee I have ever had. This did not even seem to be made with espresso.  I decided to ignore it thinking I am just being picky. Then my wife tried it and when she said that is awful then I knew I was not being picky. It was just a bad latte. When our food arrived, I asked the waitress if I could have the latte remade. She looked as if I was asking a lot but said she would have it remade. While the latte was being remade I was able to try my pancakes and they were good. My wife's eggs came out sunny side up with the yolk completely hard cooked. Not sure how that could happen with sunny side up eggs. But, we had already sent back the latte and we felt that we were going to be asking to much if we also returned her eggs so we just kept her dish and ate it as was. Aside from the eggs being over cooked the ham was way to salty and her breakfast was just not very good. After about three minutes after the waitress took my latte to be remade she returned with another latte and when I went to try it, I found that she just returned the same latte that she took from me. Remember I put sugar in the first latte so the second latte should not have come with sugar at all. It was the exact same latte I gave her with sugar. Not sure if this was just an employee or if this is a regular practice that Ncounter's management practices. Either way we will not be back.
4	Came here with a friend for brunch.  I loved "the hulk" green juice, Croque Monseiur Eggs Benedict and Hot Juan (runny egg yolks, breakfast potatoes and chorizo are a glorious combo).  It's a nice brunch spot with indoor and outdoor seating on Mill Ave.
2	Great vibe and atmosphere. I wish they would put as much effort into their food as they did the concept. I expect a little more out of their food, especially their breakfast. It was a bland assortment of items that are done at home or even as well, and cheaper at Denny's.  Too many other good choices in this area to waste on a so-so, over priced spot.
4	The Huevos n Chorizo is a must have!!! Definitely made me excited to start being a regular here again. And again, you really can't go wrong with the Eggs Benedict or the Farmer's Market. i've never had the Pear Omelette -- every time I stop by I keep telling myself I'll try it, but I'm worried it'll come out dry lol. Sometimes the smoothies are great, and sometimes it's an off-day. It all depends on who is making them. Tim is the best barista though!!
5	After two hours of sleep and a flight from Chicago back to Arizona, I was very hungry and wanted breakfast within a 5 miles radius of the airport. I found this place off of Mill St, right by a Valley Metro stop. The interior is a mix of IKEA and Chipotle. You order at the counter, get a metal letter placard for your table so the staff can bring out your food, and you fill your own drinks. I don't mind that at all; but it seemed like 75% of the college students coming in were confused about the concept. They would huddle around the registers looking at the menu brochures, look up bewildered at the menu on the upper wall, and then look down at their brochures again. The workers would get frustrated by this and ask over and over, "I can take someone's order here when they are ready" to get these kids moving. Anyway, that's not a point against the restaurant at all--just warning you what to expect.I ordered the strawberry pancakes and grilled potatoes. I wolfed down as much as I could--everything tasted fresh, and you can tell the potatoes weren't frozen. I didn't find anything bland--the pancakes didn't need any zest to them.The prices are a little on the higher end compared to a diner, but you are getting really good, really fresh food; not frozen, unpredictable crud from a Denny's.
5	This place is always packed and for good reasons! The food is delicious, fresh, and the amount you pay is reasonable, considering you get a big amount of food on your plate and delicious flavors. The omelets are always great and after trying several breakfast items from the menu, I have never found anything wrong with my food. It is delicious! The only negative comment I would have is that sometimes when the place is extremely packed, my food gets cold due to the amount of time it takes for it to reach my table.
4	Love this place! It is a winner. Price is good and the food is excellent! Their coffee is decent, but not amazing. I am a huge fan of their lunch and morning cocktails. It really adds to the appeal of the place! Parking is the biggest bummer, the best idea is to park in the A Mountain lot across the street... But you have to pay :(
4	Totally solid food. Not sit down (you order at a counter) but they have a bar and a great menu selection. When we went the line was out the door, but moved surprisingly well. They have a very well-oiled machine.We got the meaty omelette and eggs Benedict, plus a Bloody Mary ($5, so should have gotten 2!) We liked my omelette better than the eggs bene, but both totally good.All in all, a welcome change from the many bars, bars, oh my god we are a college town bars everywhere feeling of Tempe.
3	This place is chill. Service is dec. The food here is good but omg do girls love it here. Must remind them of being in LA. Every time I go I always get the over priced mill ave stack. Only thing I can grub on the menu after a heavy night of drinking. Their eggs are weird and obviously not cage free.
5	My favorite place for lunch (and breakfast if I'm ever up early). Everything I've had so far is good, and any friends  I have in town I always make sure to stop here. If you like New-American food you will love this place!
5	Best breakfast, hands down. I've never been disappointed by the quality of their food, it's always good. This place is very popular on the weekends so prepare to wait in line for a long time, but know that it's totally worth it. Farmers Market Benedict never disappoints.
5	Great food and great selection- must come!
5	This Breakfast and Brunch place is really fresh and delicious. There is a really nice outdoor patio to enjoy Arizona's Spring weather.
3	Had the eggs benedict and they were average.  The place was hopping though so they must be doing something right!
2	atmosphere: modern, clean, open space, poor layout for people traffic, narrow walk spacesexperience: order at counter and delivered food at table but have a tip line on receipt - i don't agree that i should tip before i receive service/experience/food from a place, food line is too long and imposes on some customers while they are eatingfood: ordered greek omelet & plain and simple plates, food came to us room temperature not fully cooked, had to ask for new sides (I have never asked for food to be returned prior to this), lacked taste/flavor, presentation was poor similar to a Denny's mealoverall: place was too busy for it's own food, saving grace is cool location, decent atmosphere, wouldn't recommend to friends
5	Order at the counter and they bring your food out. The place is busy but we never seen to have to wait to sit down.  The gluten free waffle was great. A health menu that tastes great!
4	very good great food
4	There are sweet spots for the timing of Ncounter meals, like any Breakfast/Blunch place. The busy times are jam-packed, while the slow times are still pretty full. Try for 1-3 pm if you can. It isn't as much of a problem as it used to be, as the staff has grown to accommodate the large crowds very well.Croque Monsieur SVP, although I can never finish the whole thing. The eggs here are...awesome, simply. Never have I seen so many perfectly cooked eggs in so many styles.The best part for me: grapefruit sangria.
4	Pleased by the concept of this tasty treat along bustling Mill Avenue.  The wait on a Sunday morning (accompanied by a street festival) wasn't more than 10 minutes, and ample tables to choose from.  Cordial wait staff, a neat outdoor patio and one heck of a soup of the day.  I ordered the bacon burrito which was tasty-could have used a higher portion of bacon.  Overall nice dining experience, and prices are about right, maybe a tad high for portion size.
3	Nice out on the patio for brunch. Dog friendly as well.  Super cuteee!!! Great atmosphere, great staff The peanut butter cookie was phenomenal! I loved my portobello sammich with the salad on the side. I should have asked for the dressing on the side. They put so much dressing on it that I couldn't taste the salad.   great presentation by the way,  of course I took a picture of it. Haha :)I am so coming back!!! Weeeee
5	Went out to eat for breakfast with a friend yesterday. Ordered the Santa Fe sautee's. The blend of chicken and veggies was perfectly spiced!! Liked the green tea I ordered as well. It was my first time and I will definitely be back for more!!
4	Visited on a busy Sunday morning.  The line was out the door.  Awesome location and easy to find parking.  It took us about 20 minutes to find a table.  You order chipotle style - order and then find a place to sit.  The staff wasn't very friendly when I was asking about popular menu items.  Seemed as though they were more focused about moving people in and out.Although the staff didn't start me off right, the food was extremely good.  I had the breakfast burrito.  It came out with a spinach salad that had a really good dressing - a unique add on to a breakfasts burrito.  The burrito was phenomenal.  Eggs were perfectly cooked and the entree didn't require any sprucing up with hot sauce or salt etc.  My wife and mom had the farmers Benadict.  The plate was exceptional with extremely fresh and flavorful ingredients.  Three items with drinks and I got out if there just a hair over $30.  Cheap date with great food and so so service.  If I'm in the area I'll be back again.
5	What a Great Place for fun and Incredible food!  No, Mom can not cook this Well!Right on Mill Avenue in Downtown Tempe.There is nothing on the menu you shouldn't like!  It's fun, It's relaxing and it's has GREAT FOOD to boot!!Walk to all of the events on Mill or Tempe Town Lake.You'll never go wrong if you go BUT you'll definitely be going back, I guarantee it!!
3	My main thought:If you go here, get the french toast.I run past this restaurant frequently and I always see people eating thick, decadent pieces of french toast, draped sugary toppings and topped with a mountain of whipped cream.  I love whipped cream, if socially acceptable, I would use it as salad dressing.  So, in retrospect, I should have ordered what I knew would come with whipped cream, and therefore, be fantastic.But, I was an hour away from attending my daughter's preschool graduation, where I knew there would be cupcakes and cookies and ice cream (and maybe even whipped cream), so I wanted something semi-light and semi-healthy.  I was pleased to see an eggwhite omelet on the menu (it makes for easy ordering) and it sounded tasty - paired with avocado, tomato and cilantro, three foods that I adore.We sat outside on a beautiful day.  As far as environment goes, I give this place 5 stars. It is great for people watching and you can SIT AT A BAR! for breakfast.  We opted for an outside table, right next to a girl who was eating breakfast with a baby pig sitting in her lap.  I must say, I have never ate my bacon while sitting next to a pig before - that scored a point for ambience.Anyway, my omelette arrived  and it was very mediocre.  There was literally half an avocado embedded in my omelette, and while I do appreciate the fact that they are not stingy with the delightful green fruits, it was barely chopped and I like my avocados in manageable, bit size pieces or slices.I ended up giving the massive chunk to my husband, who devoured it one bite.I splurged and got potatoes (instead of fruit or cottage cheese) but they were sub par.  They were not browned and crispy, but rather yellow and soggy.  Don't get me wrong -- the food was not bad -- I just would not order that omelette again.  But really, shame on me for not ordering what I knew would be awesome: the french toast.
4	Tried Ncounter for the first time today for lunch. While they have breakfast and lunch items I wasn't sure what I wanted to eat but decided a sandwich. I really enjoyed the ceddar dip sandwich w/a side of chips. While they were pretty busy for a Friday lunch we didn't have to wait to long for our order. I am looking forward to coming back and trying many more things on the menu.
5	I am no expert on places around this area (right on Mill Avenue) but this is a really great breakfast/brunch place! My friend took me here when I was visiting and they have a varied menu so finding something that suits everyone should be pretty easy. I am a brunch lover so it really wasn't hard to fall in love with the place, it is a very causal ambiance and overall great experience (at least I had nothing to complain at as a visitor)! As a New Yorker there is few places seat you outside, the outdoor seating might therefore be my favorite part. Over all it is an excellent place for breakfast/brunch, I wish I could just work my way though their menu.
4	Great place. Great food. Had the bananas foster French toast. Wow. Fresh orange juice. Bacon was great, not thin. The hot Juan omelette was good as well
5	This place is the TRUTH! This was my second time visiting the Phoenix area, though this time I was in Tempe at the Marriott Courtyard by Mill Avenue. I was concerned if the breakfast spots here were as good as those in Scottsdale, where I had stayed on my first visit to this area.  Over there, I enjoyed one of my all-time favorite brunches at the Daily Dos.  I was impressed that the PHX area did brunch/breakfast as well as some of my favorite stomping grounds in San Francisco.So, on Saturday morning, after a night of partying and having multiple vodka club sodas in Old Town Scottsdale, I walked from my Marriott hotel in Tempe over to NCounter which I had looked up on Yelp.I rolled up and, boy, was there a line! But, at 9am on a Saturday that says a lot about the reputation of this place.After waiting for some time, I finally made it up to the counter.  As always, I was conflicted about whether to go for pancakes or the omelet. I like to load up on protein and go light on carbs/sugar, especially when I travel, so I went with the omelet.  Now at other brunch spots like Daily Dos, and my favorite places in Scottsdale, you could order a single pancake or French Toast as a side.  I didn't see either of those listed on the menu as sides, though I'm not sure if they would have made that accommodation upon request, so I won't dock a star for that.So, I went with the "loaded" omelet, which loaded up on the meats (sausage, bacon, etc), and I had a side of cottage cheese and a cup of coffee.  Service was FAST.The strong coffee was just what I needed as it lifted up my energy and morale which set me on a path to recovery from the night before :)It was tough to find seating but I walked out to the patio and waited for a couple minutes and soon found some space.  It was a win because it was comfortably shaded which is critical in Arizona. Unlike DC, where I live, AZ heat is dry so as long as you're in the shade you're good to go, unlike humid heat.At any rate, this is a SOLID brunch choice with quality food on deck.  This should be your main go-to spot for breakfast if you're in the Tempe area.
5	Yeah, I could eat breakfast every day here! I love breakfast foods and this place knocked it outta the park for me on multiple visits. Things I've tried:*Bananas Foster French Toast: thick slices of french toast with banana caramelly goodness all over them. ((MY FAVORITE!))*Waffles: the batter is fantastic, the strawberries were fresh and the whip cream topped it perfectly. (no syrup needed for these delicious waffles!)*The Pear: this is an omelet with bosc pear, havarti cheese, almond slices and bacon. (You may be thinking, as I did.....pear, eggs and cheese? Don't miss out on this combo, it's outstanding!)They do offer GF options too if you need/prefer. I have yet to try their lunch items because of all the breakfast options. I hear that the Smokehouse Avocado Stack is a must try item! No doubt, I will be back in very soon. Prices are great, happy employee's but the service is a little slow. I attribute the slow service to the fact every time I am in this restaurant it is crazy busy, so just be prepared to wait a little bit. You won't be disappointed once you have your meal though, I think it is worth the wait!
5	This is my FAVORITE breakfast spot.  I bought my house partly based on proximity to this place.  Their lunch is pretty darn delicious, too - but for me, it is about their breakfast. I get the Crack O'Dawn (no meat - I'm a vegetarian) with a Bran Muffin or english muffin.  The english muffins are generic but the apple jelly that comes with it is awesome. I have yet to take someone there who didn't enjoy their meal. I love the casual, modern feel of the place - feels crisp and clean, but funky and comfortable, all at the same time.
2	HUGE let down! The food was nothing special, and the eggs on my eggs benedict were way over cooked. The people that think this place is great are the same people I say there wearing skull caps, and bennies as it was 106 degrees out.Even the set up of this place was horrible! It was way to crowded with table, and it was hard to even walk around. The tables outside are bolted down and so are the seats, so unless you are the size of 6th grader prepare to be uncomfortable. I get that the metal seats and table look trendy and cool, but it is Arizona and when I can't even touch the table and it is hard to sit....you have made a mistake!The menu is nothing special and if it wasn't for the drinks they offer this would be a one star place.If you want to be go some place that looks fancy but fails to deliver then go check it out.
5	I love coming into N-Counter for brunch on the weekends. The food is great and there are a lot of menu options to choose from. I have only tried the poached eggs dish and the scrabbled eggs with potatoes, toast, and bacon. Both dishes are great and simple. I am excited to go back and try something a little more adventurous on the menu the next time I am in town. I have been to a couple other breakfast spots on Mill Ave and N-Counter is by far the best. They have a great menu to choose from, a bar with decent drinks, speedy service, and a beautiful interior. You walk in and place your order at the counter, so this is not a traditional sit down restaurant. I would suggest having someone in your dining party grab a table while someone else places the order.Tip: I would highly recommend trying the Arizona Gunslinger hot sauce they have. It is awesome!
5	Went there with a huge group of friends and family and received excellent service. Every dish that came out had mouth watering presentation and the service was amazing. Can't find a more hopping atmosphere. Special shout out to Taylor for hooking it up. Highly recommended.
4	Loved it! The Greek omelet was great! I also had a bite of their French toast and I was very pleased. You have to try this place.
5	My Husband and I went this morning and everything was perfect!I like the Concept it's simple you order your food first and then you sit down and they will bring your food when it's ready! i gave a 5 star review because they deserve it!  the food is delicious and you can taste the freshness of their ingredients.the kitchen is Wide open so its easy to see how they operate and you can truly see that they use fresh ingredients.its was tasty and will definitely go back plus a lot of healthy choices!!
5	Great breakfast place. Dishes are really fresh. They are big though, so bring your appetite!
4	You order in at the back counter...It's called Ncounter so I guess that's only fitting. Choose your own seats. I ordered the Ncounter omelette- yum! Don't get the potatoes as a side though, they're kind of soggy and definitely not crispy enough for my liking. Mix the jasmine tea with some lemonade and sit outside- it's a perfect self-made arnold palmer of sorts! Patio is great for people watching!Bussers/servers are generally really cute. Just don't say the first thing that comes out of your mouth when you Ncounter (HAHA SEE WHAT I DID THERE?) one though...Because if you're like me, it'll go like this:"I'm sorry I got sweaty and sweat all over this bench. Sorry. It's hot. Sorry. Bye."The cute busser will laugh and say "It's ok," and then talk to the other busser about how awkward you are (probably).Then you'll walk away awkward and horrified and you'll never want to come back, but you definitely will because the food is good and the people there are attractive.
4	Love the patio, the food is yummy, the place is all around good! I have to say though, turn the AC down, sheesh! It was so cold inside today, we went out and sat in the heat. Also, a warm cinnamon roll should come out before the rest of food, not with it... like an appetizer. That way you aren't struggling to eat it before it gets cold/hard, while your meal gets cold.
5	Nice little breakfast place that's hopping.  Atmosphere is good and the food is pretty tasty.
5	This has been my favorite breakfast place for maybe 2 years? I live the French toast a lot of my friends get the huervos rancheros. For lunch my favorite is the chicken-Roma sand which. If you ask what the most popular lunch is they're likely to say this. Everything here is great though- and healthy!The smoothies are bomb too!
5	Never a disappointing meal. This place has the best brunch and Bellini's/ Bloody's. We love the hulk smoothie as well. Very tasty! I'd love to try a salad in the near future. But the sandwiches, skillets, Bene's, omelets, pancakes & French toast are all soooooo delicious!
5	Best breakfast place ever. Not really much else to say. Pancakes and waffles are great, so are the omelettes. Staff is always kind and the service is great. Ncounter is always our first choice for breakfast in Tempe!
5	Great food. Awesome gluten free breakfast choices including waffles and muffins. Must come again.
5	Went there for the first time last week and was happily pleased. The banana foster french toast is to die for, and I cant wait to go back and try more menu items. It is a bit pricey but for the quality of the food it's probably worth it. The staff was very friendly and it was an overall good experience.
3	Great omelette, friendly & pretty staff, good espresso, solid music.. and the worst home fries I've ever had. cut up a potato into little slices, lightly heat it up in a pan so it's a little soggy and not crispy, don't add any spices or garlic or anything... nope.
5	LOVE this place!!!  I always get the Crack O' Dawn, it is fantastic!  Also, the drinks and the cinnamon rolls are delicious.  The perfect place for brunch!  And fast service.
5	NCounter is one of those places that I'm very surprised it's not a yelp 5 star. I bring my girlfriend here, my boss, my parents, my friends, clients, etc. Every single time (30+) everything has been fantastic. Great environment, great food and nice people.
3	It's good, not amazing but good. The breakfast is a hit or miss but if you want to find a somewhat healthy quick breakfast then N-Counter is the best option in the Tempe area.
5	This is my favorite breakfast spot in the Phoenix area! I used to live right by Tempe Town lake, and one of my favorite things to do on the weekends was to hike up A mountain and then grab brunch at Ncounter.  I always ordered either an omelet or the chopped salad. Delicious! And you can sit outside on the patio with your dog!
5	Good choice of breakfast and 11 min from the airport. Chill atmosphere and a nice outdoor seating area. The food is fresh and toast is pretty good with the wide selection of omelets with fruit or potatoes.
5	The breakfast burrito I had was so good I almost passed out.  This place is highly recommended for anyone wanting an upscale brunch experience.
2	Went here today for lunch and was not impressed at all. We are local adults and have been wanting to try it but rarely have lunch time free. Everyone was served except us and we had 1 sandwich and a cup of soup and half sand. The soup was okay but the sandwich was so dry I almost choked and had to ask for some type of sauce. The pesto mayo had no flavor at all.  We weren't sure why it took 20 mins when everyone in the place had been served that came in after and when we asked if was like why we bothered. Just not happy and won't be back. Unfriendly cashier as well. I can't stand when I pay someone's check and they don't even say hello!
5	Been here at least 20 times over the past two years - not because it sucks. Ncounter is a great little restaurant, ambience has a modern/industrial feel and the location is perfect. Great food, great service and reasonable prices - most importantly they seem to be very consistent.
4	I've wanted to try this place out for a while since it's down the street from where I live. I finally came here this past weekend with my sisters and I must say I wasn't too disappointed.I had the Farmer's Market, which was an Egg Benedict, topped with a poached egg, avocado, tomato, spinach and of course the hollandaise sauce, plus a side of potatoes. I thought that it was good the only thing I didn't like was that my meal was drenched in the hollandaise sauce. It was just too much for me.My sister ordered the French Toast with Whipped Cream and Strawberries and BOYYYYYYY did it look & tasted AMAZING! If anyone is around the Mill Ave area, you should definitely try this place out!
3	The food is good. Would give 4 starts except  I guess somewhere along the line I became an old man.. But something about 10am shoulder to shoulder with tons of people and techno from the DJ.. If you have a hangover avoid!
4	Cool place to grab a quick meal on Mill Ave.  My dagwood sandwich was very large and tasted great!
2	I've been here once before, this time I was disappointed.Cooks in the back are eating, eating, not tasting, (mind you I know the difference) in the back while they cook, stuffing bread into their mouths. I didn't see him wash his hands...Now I can overlook that but then I ordered the Crack O' Dawn saute and it said GRILLED potatoes. Mine were definitely fried. But they did change them for me so I will give them one extra star for that. Overall, the result was a greasy plate with mediocre food. But the service was decent and the place looked relatively clean.
4	Breakfast hits the right note except when it calls for tomato. You're five minus one, N Counter, because you have not invested in juicy plump tomatoes and instead are serving the same lifeless pink sponges as McD's. They're a shameful distraction to an otherwise zesty breakfast. I'm sure Willcox, Ariz., would be glad to provide you with tasty Arizona-grown hydroponic tomatoes from NatureSweet.
2	Let me start off by saying breakfast is my favorite meal. I could eat eggs all day long. Though that wouldn't be too healthy. I like almost all breakfast places, but was not all that impressed with Ncounter. I feel like I really could have liked it if I had ordered something else though!It was pretty busy there, so that seemed like a good sign. We also got our food fast which was good. I got a Mimosa and the Farmer's Choice Eggs Benedict. Being the clumsy individual I am, I spilled 1/4 of my mimosa within seconds of getting it. Napkins were MIA for some reason. Then I finally found them in an unexpected place. Then could not find a trash can anywhere. That fiasco aside, the food was kind of gross. Usually I pretty much inhale all my food within minutes, but it was not that way with my eggs benedict and I was sad! It was just very soggy. So much hollandaise sauce that it masked the flavor of everything else on the english muffin.I would be open to giving it a second try, but I was not too happy with my first experience here.
3	Breakfast was good. I came in for a place that sold turkey sausage. I have to say this was the most discussing turkey sausage. I'm wondering if it was actually park now. They said it was turkey. This jam doe the today is GREAT though. I asked for more. It must be apple and honey. Anyway it's great.
5	Great place to get a top quality breakfast.. Pear omelet is awesome! Great coffee too.
2	Update on my previous review:So disappointed!! They must have changed their cooks of something because I come here all the time (at least once a week) and the past two times I've been here it's been awful... My farmers Benedict was missing avocado and had un-ripe green tomatoes on it!! Ew.Next, I came for lunch today... And it was bad. The Roma chicken sandwich was SOGGY! The bread was so filled with liquid by the time it hit my plate that it fell apart in my hands, landed/splashed on my plate, and got on my shirt... Very disappointed.What happened Ncounter? You use to be so reliable and delicious :(
4	The pear was awesome , and the service is fast
4	Fresh ingredients, a little of everything on the menu. You go up to the front, order food, find a table and then wait for your order to come. The food is good and it's not a bad place to come to for a quicker-than-a-sit-down-restaurant-bite.
5	I love this place. I love the concept, the food, the coffee, the atmosphere, the location. It all just works. You go up the the counter at the back, you order and pay for your food, they give you a card, the food gets delivered to you, you eat and you leave. There's a person who even cleans up your mess. It's simple, it's easy, it's fast and the food is just as good if not better than other sit down restaurants.I always get the chorizo scramble thing with eggs and potatos and tortilla on the side. It's ridiculously good. It's great hang over food. They have other healthy stuff too. And booze! They've got mimosas and bloody marys. It's great.
5	Dude, awesome! The food is amazing and the staff is on point. They were very friendly and easy to have a conversation with. All in all my meal was delicious, I had the Santa Fe, and my friends enjoyed their meal too. The food wasn't too expensive either. This is probably our new favorite breakfast place.
4	Great! My boyfriend and I walked in and it seemed crowded. That wasn't the case once we ordered and found a seat. The menu was a bit overwhelming for the first time being there. I decided on the farmers market bene and I don't regret that decision. Coffee was excellent and was self serve. The only thing I found to be weird was that there were no napkins/silverware on the counters. When the servers bring the food is when they napkins and silverware are given out. Besides that, everything went swimmingly.
4	We ordered the Eggs Benedict and The Killer. The Benedict was cooked to perfection, and the Killer had great bold flavor. Definitely recommend this place.
4	Currently enjoying their Greek omelette.Absolutely no gripes about the food.  Very generous portion, well-prepared (especially for an omelette!), and wonderful flavors.I'm really impressed by this place.  I wish I lived in Tempe so I could come back again!Def recommended.
5	We were here for a Sunday brunch and oh lord it was packed. It took some time to get seated as it is all open seating. Food was delicious and the wait was quite a worth. I simply love the interiors and will definitely visit this place again.
5	Anyone who lives in Tempe knows this place is the best. I live right on mill and have rolled in here hungover many times, and their breakfast and bloody marys always suffice.
4	Man, it was a busy Saturday, lol. I had to give this place a try since I heard so many good things about it. I walked in with a few friends and you actually order first at the back and they bring you the food later. I thought it was going to be where we sat down first then someone takes our order, but that wasn't the case. There was four of us and we got an order of a sandwich, omelet, and two eggs benedict. I got the eggs benedict and it was something new for me. I got to say it was really delicious. I loved it. The problem was that I had an appetite that day so I was still hungry, lol. The staff were professional and the food came out in a timely manner. I took a sip of someone's orange juice at our table and well, lets just say they serve alcohol and it was quite tasty. The vibe of the place was nice and relaxed. Every one there seemed they were having a good time and it also looked very clean and organized. If the weather was nice or whatever you feel is nice there is an outdoor patio if you like eating outdoors. All in all, place was nice, staff was good, and food was awesome. I will definitely be back here again and if you love breakfast/brunch then I'd say give this place a try!
5	Delicious, fast and friendly. It's now become a regular for my friends and I. Love Ncounter! Get the Roma Chicken Sandwich, or any of the amazing salads!
5	O.M.G. I am definitely a breakfast food lover. I will choose breakfast food over any other sort of food anytime. My friend suggested this morning that we go get brunch at NCounter. I am always on board to try new things.We pulled up, walked in and I am immediately impressed by the number of people in there enjoying their brunch. I look up at the menu and I am also really happy to see the wide range of things to try. After this trip I want to go back and try them all. This time, though, I decided on one of the "Almost Fried" sandwiches called House Request. It sounded so interesting with multiple types of veggies and with olive tapenade (WHICH IS MY FAVORITE) and cream cheese with an over easy egg. It was so good. I also got a side of the grilled potatoes. They were delicious. My friend and I decided brunch wasn't brunch without some morning cocktails, she got a bloody mary (and since she'd been here multiple times before, she already knew she loved them) and I got a mimosa and it was so good! Needless to say, I will be back to NCounter to try all of the wonderful things on the menu. Especially that Pecan Cinnamon Roll. It looked so good!
4	Stopped in here on Labor Day for (hangover) brunch.  The eggs Benedict was AMAZING!  They were super busy, but seemed to handle it well.  The food came out quickly, and when the tea and coffee dispensers were out, when we told a server they replaced it right away.  Although the food was delicious, the only thing I didn't like about it was the way you went and ordered first and then found a seat.  It's kind of like an in between of fast food and sit down restaurant, which is fine, but because the place is so small I had to hunt for a table.  I eventually went and swooped in on a table while my boyfriend waited in line to order because we were worried there wouldn't be any tables left by the time our food came.  Other than that, everything was perfect.  I will definitely be back, but probably on a day when they are not quite so busy
5	Stopped by with a friend for the first time for Sunday Brunch before an afternoon show at Gammage. Wonderful eggs Benedict. Excellently prepared great hollandaise sauce. Potatoes were decent but would have been better with onions. I wish they were served more hot. Definitely a college town spot (very loud inside, crowded, full of life) but will return to try other items.
4	We stopped in for breakfast Sunday morning and had a great experience.  This place is very popular, so be prepared to wait a little bit...but it's worth the wait!  I enjoyed an egg white veggie omelette with a side of fruit.  It was just the right portion and very tasty with peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes and zucchini.  Definitely a great place to grab breakfast in Tempe!
5	Delicious place to grab salads or sandwiches on mill ave! The kale salad and chopped salad are amazing. Service is quick and place is clean. Highly recommend you go if you want a lighter and healthier option than most of the mill ave restaurant choices.
5	Great food! Only downside is that it is always busy! It can be challenging to get a table, but worth the wait if you have the time.
3	All of the omelettes are pretty good and the egg sandwiches are decent. Both the cold and warm sandwiches are awesome for lunch. Typically has pretty fast service and is a great place to come if you are trying to have a good breakfast or lunch.
4	Local fav of mine.  Food is good, prices are decent, friendly staff, and all around just feels like a social experience.It has it's downside though that make it a 4 star spot.  The hours are not the greatest especially for a breakfast and bunch only spot.  The seat situation is not ideal, never seems to be anywhere to sit.  The food is tasty but u feel like the menu lacks originality.
3	BTW Ncounter look into your condiments because they're inferior e.g. Hunt's ketchup and off-brand sweet-n-low...really.  Come on just get some Heinz and stevia it's 2014, or go local.
5	I've found the perfect breakfast spot. Went on a Sunday afternoon.  The place was perfectly busy but we didn't have to wait for a table.  Had the Chipotle burrito and was pleasantly surprised how good this was. Probably the best I've had at a breakfast place. My BF had the loaded omelet.  He loved it (so did I). Food came out within 5 minutes.  The place has a great ambiance as well. I'm pretty picky about breakfast places but this place is great. We'll be back.
4	Came here on a recommendation for a fresh breakfast. I ordered the chipotle breakfast burrito and a flourless peanut butter muffin. Really good burrito! The chipotle sauce was really good and they were generous with the avocado. I often opt for egg whites which sometimes makes my food soggy, this didn't happen here. I'll definitely be coming back here soon!
4	The bananas foster French toast was delicious but my favorite was the pear omelette! I would have never thought that the combo of pear, cheese, bacon, almonds &  eggs would work. It would have received 5 stars if it didn't take them about 20 minutes to bring out my food when it wasn't even that busy.
4	theres a wait to order but its not too bad.. self seating..the sweet breakfast dishes are super big on portions, but the savory breakfast dishes are a lot smaller.environment is pretty loud so talking with my friends was a little difficult loli tried the one of the eggs benedict  dish with spinach, which was pretty good but i think they can do better on the amount of potato cubes -____-we also got the banana french toast, super big, super sweet AND it was drenched in syrup with a SIDE of syrup hahadefinitely will be coming back to try the other options the next time I come back to AZ!
4	Great for breakfast meetings as the food is always good and the service is prompt. This is my default for Tempe morning meetings.
5	Bananas Foster French Toast is the bomb!  Split the plate with a friend today - it was great to share... but I really wanted my own in the end!  ;)  The sauce on the toast was sweet without being too sugary.  i love their iced coffee!  great spot for breakfast!They have a walk up counter for ordering, makes it pretty quick!
5	This place is so good! I love coming here for a late breakfast (great walk of shame parade constantly streaming in Friday through Sunday). Last time a kid from ASU had one arm tattooed to say God's and the other said Gift. Those sort of patrons and people watching makes this an automatic 5 star review. My go-to is the farmers benedict. The potatoes are amazing, and I love that there are endless bottles of hot sauce on deck. The service is quick and even when it's packed to the brim you will find a spot to sit.
5	Great food, moderately priced.  Also, conveniently located off the light rail in Tempe
5	Great atmosphere and awesome food. The place is worth the money and I definitely recommend the waffles or one of the skillets. Clean place and friendly staff.
4	The breakfasts here are pretty good. They have a great selection, and some vegetarian options. One time I came and the potatoes were a little dry, but other than that, all the food has been great.  I really like the cinnamony jam! However, if you are real coffee lover, to be frank, they don't really know what they're doing. The other day, I asked if they had half-and-half for my coffee, and they said no, they only have (fake) creamer. When I looked surprised, the barista shrugged and said he'd look into it. Today, I ordered a cappuccino, thinking that would be a safe option. But it was like 10 ounces of milk, with no foam! I could hardly taste the espresso shot. Hello: That is a latte, people. I'm sure that they could do better with the coffee, especially if the customer gives them a little guidance... which I recommend. Also, don't expect great table service, even if you give a normal tip. I was given an empty cup when I asked for water, and had to retrieve the water myself. Seems like it would have been easy to just fill that cup before bringing it all the way over to me, no?
5	Great food, service, & atmosphere! I love their Farmers Market Benedict, with avocado and breakfast potatoes, yum! They have a pet friendly patio but it is fast casual so you have to order at the counter, luckily they have a bar outside you can order food from too!
5	Lines can be long - don't be put off!  Food is fresh and delish.  You will find a place to sit and enjoy some good food.  For the celiac's out there - some really good stuff! My hubby is celiac and he had a really good muffin.  Relax and enjoy the hip Tempe scene.
4	The Mediterranean omelette is my personal favorite menu item. This place is delicious; however they close inconveniently early and it's always crowded.
1	Wow! This place is awful! Okay, so I came here on a very busy day- ASU vs. Ntre Dame, but the only reason we ate here is it is one of the few places that wasn't so packed to the gills that we could not find a table. I know why. The food is downright awful. It's cute and I like the atmosphere but that doesn't make up for the terrible quality food. I had the Ncounter omelette and the hollandaise sauce was the worst thing I have ever tasted. I think it came from a mix or a jar. Gawd, it was bad.I tried scraping it off but the rest of my omelette was so awful, it wasn't worth eating. It was supposed to have chicken, mushrooms and broccoli and cream cheese, but mostly it was broccoli. I think two tiny bites of processed chicken were in there. My husband ordered the Big Juan, which is supposed to have chorizo and cheese and be some sort of Mexican thing, but literally, there was no chorizo and the only cheese was a sprinkle on top and then the rest of if was crappy salsa poured on top. It was inedible. Naturally, there is no one we can talk to because it was so busy. The wait staff came and took our plates and did not say a word about the fact that they were both 3/4 full of food. My husband was really teed at me for saying, "let's eat here...it isn't that busy." Our friends waited for 90 minutes for a table at Gordon Biersch and we didn't want to do that..but hey...they got some great food. some of the other food that came out of the kitchen looked pretty good, like the French toast, but it probably sucked also. PASS!
4	This is an "order at counter and they bring it to you" place. Very good sandwiches that are not run of the Mill. Four of us tried a different sandwich and shared. Each sandwich had it's own personality and pop of flavors. Portions are generous. Home brew tea is refreshing. Inside it's a bit loud with tall ceilings and hard surfaces. Outside seating is ample and nice.  Very clean place. I pleaded with the manager to bring Ncounter to Northern California. Nope. Said he'd expand in the southwest first, so I guess this one place I will put on my list each time I visit Tempe.
5	The wood picture of the pigs is so crooked it drives me insane. But I'm also obsessed with ncounter. But plz fix.
1	This place has great food & drinks but I wouldn't order an espresso / coffee drink again. The dirty chai latte I ordered tasted like pure syrup. I have a giant sweet tooth but this was disgustingly sweet. I couldn't taste any coffee flavor because the syrup was so overpowering. I couldn't even drink more than a few sips of it, what a waste of money! I would just stick to the alcoholic beverages next time because their barista services are lacking. Really disappointed
2	Overall dissatisfied with my experience. Prices are a little high for what you get. They seem to have a ton of staff behind the main counter but depending on the time of day (or some other inscrutable factor?) they want customers to order everything at the coffee bar counter, not the main counter. They don't make it very clear and I've witnessed a lot of confusion over where to order by other customers. Despite so many "cooks" in the kitchen, simple orders take a long time coming out, even to go orders. On my last visit I ordered a full breakfast, the salad it came with was wilty (didn't realize til I was gone and it was too late) and the eggs smelled so horrible I was actually looking around the elevator I was in to see who else was causing the stink. When I got to my desk I realized my breakfast was the culprit behind the reek. Not awesome. Also, staff seem aloof, like maybe they think they are too cool for their customers. This place is right next to my office and I wanted to like them. But I won't be wasting any more time or money here in the future.
2	I'm conflicted. I've been here before and enjoyed it, but took a friend there this morning and was pretty disappointed. Gave the friend the big build-up so was a bit embarrassed by the poor showing. We ordered 2 Plain and Simples and they showed up pretty quickly. So far so good. However, the food was not hot, the bacon was undercooked and the potatoes were way overcooked. Not sure how the potatoes were overcooked, and still served at room temperature - but that's how it was. To cap off my experience, I found a long hair on my plate. I'm not squeamish, but I gotta say, "yuk."Restaurant 101: Someone needs to scrutinize every plate before it leaves the kitchen. Is the food hot? Is there a big friggin' hair in it? We were the first customers on a Sunday morning, the cooks were probably hung-over college kids. Oh, and while I'm at it - the coffee was weak and nearly devoid of flavor.I'll be downtown in a few weeks, so will try it again and revisit / revise this review in the interest of fairness.UPDATE: Went back a few weeks later, and it seemed to be back to it's usual quality. Would probably go again.
4	Dishes are good and big portions.  It's a great place to go anytime . Even on your lunch break because they're always fast. LOVE THIS PLACE.
5	Genuine NYC brunch experience.  Really good menu, with unique twist.  Great services and friendly accommodating staff.  On the list for regular breakfast and lunch.
2	Such a shame these guys don't focus on the coffee as much as they do the food. Been there twice now cause the location was close to the hotel but being a real coffee lover,  sooooo disappointed to discover that they can't provide the usual gibraltars, flat whites, and machiatos we expect from cafes and restaurants now.The first time my espresso came out in a 12 inch paper cup so virtually a dribble in a cup. The second time, when the waitress had no idea what a gibraltar was, I ordered a small Americano, only to have it taste like a weak french press. No crema, no strength,  no flavor.Such a shame for the business to have invested in a commercial espresso machine only for them not to make the most of it.
5	Loaded omelet (with nom nom potatoes) and strawberry banana smoothie - delicious.  Order at the counter and then sit outside or inside.  Clean establishment.
4	Yummy food and I'm so happy to find a good breakfast place in Tempe with mimosas! Went on a Sunday and it was really busy, but we were still able to find a seat fairly quickly and the food came fast. Love the patio seating and the grilled cheese I had was tasty.
4	This place surprised me....it seemed so Abercrombie and I'm more of a Ross gal, lol.  The food was tasty and there were several options to accommodate my picky pescetarian lifestyle.  Would have given it 5 but the conversation between the to-go guy and the smoothie gal enlightened me that the smoothie was not done but she would "make it be".  Sadly, I could taste the few last chunks of spinach, I presume, that would have been nicely blended if she just let it finish....(I should note that I've never dined in.)
4	I enjoy coming here for their breakfast menu. The menu is always dynamic with interesting options as well as the faithful go-to's. They tend to be extremely busy due to their popularity and proximity to ASU.The wait, however, is well worth it for their great food considering they have a system that gets your food to you fairly quickly. I suggest going with a group and choosing one person to scout a table while you wait.
4	I come to this place at least twice a week for my breakfast and coffee fix. You must try the french toast and portabella mushroom sandwich.
4	Food is very good. A bit pricey but a nice place to go for breakfast with a friend. Eat inside out outside on the patio. French Toast is terrific, various styles. I had the Carmel Nut and strawberry.
4	Came here with a friend for brunch. I loved "the hulk" green juice, Croque Monseiur Eggs Benedict and Hot Juan (runny egg yolks, breakfast potatoes and chorizo are a glorious combo).very nice place.
4	I love this place! I've visited Phoenix twice and I've made it a must to come here for breakfast. They have a great selection of food for everyone. It's gets very busy in the mornings, but the wait is worth the service and the food. Their French toast is not soggy at all and their waffles are fluffy like pancakes. Their eggs are not over cooked, and their bacon is a little on the greasy side, but they are delicious. There is sully alway room on the patio if it's packed inside. I wish the coffee was better , but their niche is breakfast.
4	Yummy food and I'm so happy to find a good breakfast place in Tempe with mimosas! Went on a Sunday and it was really busy, but we were still able to find a seat fairly quickly and the food came fast. Love the patio seating and the grilled cheese I had was tasty.
4	This is exactly what Mill needed. Great brunch, great patio, great coffee counter. Every time I go, I see someone I know and end up having an impromptu meal with friends. It's my new favorite breakfast spot.
3	If you want to spend $12 for generic food this is it. Nothing is fresh. I ordered the Hot Juan omelette, it comes with canned jalapenos, tostitos salsa, and deep fried frozen potatoes. It's really sub par.
4	We discovered this restaurant while in Tempe to watch my nephew in the Tempe Ironman. There were 5 of us and everyone loved their food. We decided to try it out because it had a line out the door every time we walked by. It did not take long to order and get our meal. My Portobellini sandwich was delicious!
4	incredible atmosphere, great food, and simply delicious, everything was barn on top notch!! I kept seeing them bring out other dishes and wanting to try them as well
4	Came here with a friend for brunch.  I loved "the hulk" green juice, Croque Monseiur Eggs Benedict and Hot Juan (runny egg yolks, breakfast potatoes and chorizo are a glorious combo).  It's a nice brunch spot with indoor and outdoor seating on Mill Ave.
4	incredible atmosphere, great food, and simply delicious, everything was barn on top notch!! I kept seeing them bring out other dishes and wanting to try them as well
4	Yummy food and I'm so happy to find a good breakfast place in Tempe with mimosas! Went on a Sunday and it was really busy, but we were still able to find a seat fairly quickly and the food came fast. Love the patio seating and the grilled cheese I had was tasty.
4	I come to this place at least twice a week for my breakfast and coffee fix. You must try the french toast and portabella mushroom sandwich.
4	Great place to eat and hang with your family. Food and service were outstanding. Enjoyed the the outside seating.
4	This is a great breakfast place. Beware, the food is really big, easily shared. I have gotten the Croque Monsieur twice now. It is delicious. My husband gets the French toast. I highly recommend this place. It does get busy though. They are really good about getting your food out in a timely manner, even if it is packed.
4	I love this place. They deliver on a trendy cool place to eat, very broad selection, and everything's good. I've been going here for close to a year to have brunch and I always walk away feeling well fed, never gross or bloated.
5	I loved the freshness of the breakfast and the outdoor dining area. The food was served in a timely manner especially seeing how crowded it was. We would eat here again, it was nice to have real food on vacation that was wholesome and nutricious.
4	In town visiting from MN looked up breakfast joints on Urban Spoon.  This place had a 94% rating.  Really friendly and our son thought attractive staff.  Really good fresh tasting food with ingredients purchased locally.  Highly recommend in great part of Phoenix.
4	Food always comes out great. Enjoy the atmosphere, it is near ASU and the door nevers stops opening with people coming and going. Great informal location. Bloody Mary and Mimosas are excellent. Eggs Benny are a firm favorire.
4	Food is very good. A bit pricey but a nice place to go for breakfast with a friend. Eat inside out outside on the patio. French Toast is terrific, various styles. I had the Carmel Nut and strawberry.
5	Went here for the first time for breakfast on Sunday! I loved the atmosphere and location. We got in at just the right time and didn't have to wait at all. My boyfriend and I both got French toast big I added strawberries and whip cream to mine. The food came out quickly and was delicious. Definitely a good place for breakfast.
4	I come to this place at least twice a week for my breakfast and coffee fix. You must try the french toast and portabella mushroom sandwich.
4	Love the environment of this place and there are many options to chose from. I went with the morning glory omelette and a side of fruit. The tomatoes were marinated to perfection and the omelette was super delicious. Only complaint is the weak coffee!
5	Favorite Breakfast place
4	Yummy food and I'm so happy to find a good breakfast place in Tempe with mimosas! Went on a Sunday and it was really busy, but we were still able to find a seat fairly quickly and the food came fast. Love the patio seating and the grilled cheese I had was tasty.
