2	When I was younger, I used to HATE going here. For one thing, my mom loved it, so I felt like I was here weekly. I would temper tantrum out, in screaming, stomping fits of tearful rage until we either left the store or I'd convinced her not to go at all. I've grown up a lot since my early twenties.
3	When I reviewed Lighting Unlimited I was so delighted and impressed by the staff. My assumption? They'd be boring. Unlit. Dimwitted. I mean, you sell light bulbs all day! Oh cont rare I tell you. The folks at Lighting Unlimited are fantastic. So, I had a similar in the opposite way of Michael's, feeling. OMG....you work in a freakin' craft store. How fun. And crafty. You're sure to be cute, adorable. And. Well crafty. And maybe pleasant or interesting. I don't know if it's the glue. The leftover fake Christmas trees. Or the fluorescent lighting people. But these people are Dawn of the Dead. Arms, listless to the sides. Empty stares and lots of bumping in to each other. No cannibalism that I know. I do not make that claim. They have a lot of stuff and cater to a lot of different personalities. Just wish the staff get a personality. Meow!
3	Michael's has really good sales on regular cycles. 40% of canvases this week, 40% framing another week. The store is also well stocked, I've been to JoAnn's that look like I just missed a looting party. The staff is rather unanimated which is disappointing, but whenever I've asked for help they at least point me in the right direction and grunt. I do have a question: is the fake flower arranging community really that prevalant anymore because Michael's has a ridiculous amount of fake greens and wreaths and flower bunches that look clownish and I thought the general consensus was that they were a faux pas.  seriously.
1	I went into this Michael's with two items to return. I noticed that there was only one cashier and a line 5 people deep, but luckily there was an employee behind the service desk. As I stood waiting to talk with her I realized the people she was talking to were not customers but two other employees, and the three of them were bitching about a customer who had wanted to make a return and how annoying she had been. Then one of them (Nancy) noticed me standing there, turns around and says to me "you're making a return? you can get in the regular line." seriously? did you really just suggest that your conversation is so much more critical than helping a customer that I should go wait in another line? that's very interesting Nancy, thanks. Meanwhile the other two don't even look at me, including the one manning the service desk. what the hell?!I walk over to the one open register and wait for about 15 minutes while this one cashier works through all the people ahead of me. And I kid you not, when I was one person away from freedom, Nancy noticed that there were 3 people behind me, opened up a register and told the woman BEHIND ME to come over. Frankly I think all three of those employees should be fired for wasting Michael's and my time while getting paid. I'm sure they make crap pay but that is no excuse for flagrant laziness. It has cost Michael's my business.
1	I hate this place! I don't know why I ever go in there! If there were a JoAnns every 5 miles I would gladly go there! Every time I go a Michaels I am sadly disappointed. No matter what store I go into the employees are dull, unfriendly and lazy! They are always carrying on dumb conversations. The lines go on forever. The old lady cashiers are always rude like I'm wasting their time! There's always something on the wrong shelf so when you get to the cashier she looks at you like you're lying or just stupid!!! They have lost my business!!! Someone needs to get the District Manager in these stores because they wont stay in business with that customer service!!!
3	I've always been a fan of Michaels. The deals are pretty good as well as the selection and it's a fun place to browse. However, I'm not really a crafty person, so the need to get crafty things is pretty rare. I'm typically there for baking supplies (gels, various pans, cookie cutters, sparkles, liners, etc). Lately, it seems as if there isn't anyone working there and it takes ages to check out, even though the store looks empty. However, it's usually the best place in the area to find great baking supplies. At least until I open a store like that myself.
1	Eek!  Me thinks not is the truth!  HORRIBLE with a CAPITAL HORRIBLE!  About 3-4 weeks ago I took in a 20x20 poster to be framed.  The guy told me it would be ready 9/19.  Notice that It's 3 days later than 9/19 and I have not yet received a call from them telling me my frame STILL isn't ready, but I have also called multiple times since Monday and I sit on hold for 10-20 minutes only to find out they still haven't done my frame.  If you quote a date, it needs to be available to be picked up that day or before in my opinion.  After speaking to the manager just now, he says they have "125 customers that they deal with weekly in the framing dept."  uh-huh.  That's NOT that many customers for a big name store and if they can't get their s*** together by the day they say they will, then they better back it up with a phone call or in the future recommend a later day that the item should be finished and ready for pickup.  Total crap. Two thumbs DOWN, wayyyy DOWN.
2	This Michaels is awful. Really, really terribly. If it weren't the ONLY craft supply store in the Central Phoenix area I would never, ever come here. I'm drawn here when I need that one damn thing to finish a craft/sewing project and I don't feel like driving the 25 minutes to JoAnn's at Desert Ridge. The place is always a mess and they're constantly out of so many items. Also, they're sticklers about taking coupons which makes it that much more annoying. (JoAnn's will take like, a bazillion coupons, including competitors' coupons, in one transaction.)
1	I don't know what I am doing writing a review for this store that no one (at least no one with any ability to change anything there) will ever read.  Nevertheless, I came, I saw, I left empty handed as nothing (in truth, not one little thing) in my entire basket rang up as it was marked on the shelf.  I don't know if it is incompetence, stupidity, or a laudable "I don't give a flying f" attitude that makes this the worst Michaels in the area, but I am not sure I have the time to devote to studying the subject matter.  I think my favorite part of today's experience was when the third item rang up wrong and I told the cashier, she said "oh" and looked blindly like a deer in headlights. No "I'll check on that for you," no "do you still want it," just a blank stare.  Sadly, I'll be back next week because this is the closest one when I am out and about.  But seriously, as soon as I find an acceptable online substitute, I am outta here.
2	This review is focused on the framing department. I have a wonderfully talented daughter who has given me a number of beautiful drawings that need to be framed. Today I headed off to Michaels to try to get one of them framed. The picture was rather large so it doesn't fit in a standard mat/frame without some effort. The guy that helped me was fairly helpful, but the prices were ridiculous! Even with a "supposed" sale of 55% off and a single mat...the best he could do was still well over $100. Well, that didn't work for me. He gave no other options to me either. Instead I headed to Hobby Lobby, where they had a frame on the sales floor that I could use (about $22 with my coupon) and had a lovely lady help me with a custom mat. They put it all together for me and I'm out the door at $42. Guess where I'm going with the next picture???
3	It has been quite awhile since I have been in here. I made the mistake of coming to this location on a Saturday. This is September, not December!Why is everyone in this shopping center???I had a Print that I needed to be re-framed. So after driving around and looking for a parking space. I finally found one way over by Frys. So in total it took me 15min to park and get into the store. Carrying the giant artwork with the broken glass. I headed straight to the back of the store where they have the framing dept. I waited a few minutes then I was lucky enough to have Fely come out to help me.Either Fely is new to Michael's or she is just like what we call clueless.Everything I asked her for she wanted to give me the opposite.I wanted a new frame ,preferably plastic but, will take metal. Also new glass.Again I want the red plastic shiny frame. She puts wood frame on it. I tell her again no, I want the red or if you don't have that I guess I will take the blue. (it is for a kitchen).Again she puts wood on it,this time wood painted silver.  Fely do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth??? So then how much is this. Total for glass and new Plastic frame??  She quotes me  $$600.00  and some change. Girl you must of lost your mind!! Then she admits, oh no that is if you get this high end cherry wood frame that I have been pushing on you since you walked in.Lets bring it back to reality Fely. Finally after the manager did a drive by and saw what was going on. Reminding her that there was a 50% off sale on framing all week. I got what I wanted. A cheap Plastic Frame with the cheapest glass they make there. All for $160.00, such a deal (NOT)..... If it had not been such a hassle to get into this place I would have taken my gear and left. But, then the best part came when she told me I would have to wait nearly 3 weeks for it. Which is fine, but I also must pay in full today. Because, that is store policy. I like Michael's but, not the framing dept. It is a total rip off. Sorry to say.  Then I find out that they have a frequent shopper card, Did Feley every ask for that or ask me if I would like one? Hello to the no.She was too busy trying to charge me $600.00 for some shite.
1	There really isn't much I like about Michael's to begin with - I especially dislike them for using my name and putting on such an inferior showing - but this location was a particular disaster.  Clean up your aisles for goodness sake, I feel claustrophobic with all the crap hanging around - its like the clothing section at K-Mart, but possibly worse.
2	Holy cinnamon all up in your face!  Cinna-cones, cinna-brooms, cinna-wreaths,  cinna-scents galore! Everything smells like cinnamon and I hate the smell of cinnamon! I even smelled like cinnamon a day after going into the store.  I burped and guess what it smelled like? CINNAMON! Happy Holidays
1	This Michaels is the foundation of my theory that some chains stay in business despite the reality that shoppers loathe them, because there's no adequate substitute. It's the only source of craft supplies that's handy while running errands in central Phoenix, and it's near one of the movie theaters that serves real food, so I shop here occasionally, and I always leave crabby.Every section is tiny and understocked. If something at another Michaels catches your eye, but you postpone buying it, and you figure, oh, you'll pick it up at this one because you're here... no, you won't. Wood trim, wood embellishments, specific acrylic paint colors, specific scrapbook paper designs, the edgiest floral items... forget it. This Michaels will not carry that. The staff will explain, with varying levels of chagrin, that "this is the smallest Michaels in the region."That much is obvious. It's so small that it's impossible for two carts to pass in most aisles. The major reason to set foot in this store is that you're desperate for tacky glue and can't face the chaos of Walmart. It has so far not found an excuse to stop carrying tacky glue. There was also a moment of hope when the chain introduced Martha Stewart acrylic paints, which are at least interesting colors. But I'd really like to know whose bright idea it was that, chain-wide, acrylic paints should now be displayed entirely below knee level. Let me give you a hint, gentlemen: the tiny bottles of exotic colors are not bought by children. Nor is there a gigantic acrylic-painting movement among Munchkins. Your acrylic paint buyers are adults, which means we're mostly over 5 feet tall, and depending how the day went and how high of heels we're wearing, our urge to indulge in a series of deep knee bends can vary. A lot. But it's rarely a matter of: "oh great! I'm going to Michaels so I can skip the squats at the gym!"
1	There are ONLY two people who work in this HUGE store today and neither know where lamp oil is or were able to call a manager because the "manager is busy in a meeting."
1	The workers aren't knowledgeable of the store layout, which is a mess by the way. (I asked a woman where the letter stickers are for things like mailboxes and she pointed me on the opposite side of the store when I thought they'd be...right where they ended up being. She also lacked any confidence in her sentence when she said, "Yeah, I think so," in reference to where they weren't.)The most helpful woman there let us know that they didn't carry the fabric paint we needed, which wad disappointing but at least honest.They in general don't seem to care about customer service in the front since there were 6 people talking and two of those people were cashiering. The other four were ignoring the line of waiting customers while chatting with each other, and the chatter was not work related either. Then, after ten minutes of waiting in line as the next customers, one cashier took people behind us while the other took someone not even waiting in line! Ridiculous!To say the least, the crafts have to sell themselves and thank goodness for the employees here that artists and people that do crafts on a regular basis find the need to buy supplies here or this place would be out of business quickly if based only on the customer service.
2	Not a bad craft store IF you can find parking!!  They aren't very big, but they do carry pretty much all the craft items that most ladies would gravitate towards. (But honestly the men have a bigger selection of model kits, science projects and RC items over at Hobby Lobby)  They also have great coupons that, if you can abide by the extremely tricky fine print terms and conditions and restrictions, offer some great deals on singular items.  Occasionally they also offer a coupon good for a percentage off of your whole order, but like I said their coupons are tricky and restrict a lot of what you can get.  Be alert when deciding what item to apply your coupon to.  After being burned a couple times I've even gone so far as to buy my singular pricier item with my coupon in one transaction and then buy all my other stuff in a separate transaction, that way my coupon was applied to the item *I* chose, not a lower dollar item that the cashier chose to make the discounted item.  Also, another tip to maximize your Michael's bang for the buck is to hit up their store a few days before a major holiday and right after that holiday so you can pick up inexpensive items for the holiday on sale, and even more holiday items on the cheap to put away for next year.But yeah, back to the parking...  The parking at this whole shopping center sucks butt.  Avoid it all all costs around the major shopping days like Black Friday or Christmas Eve!  Consider yourself warned.  ;)
4	Holy bad reviews and grumpy pantses Batman! Someone got screamed at in here? Woah.Well, I've never had any crazy experiences at Michaels. Their birthday bag/box/tissue paper/etc. stuff is way overpriced. But their discount selection is great. And I can always find cool stuff. I have a daughter, and we did all of her Christmas shopping here. I can always find a 40% off coupon, which makes it a perfect place for little friends' bday gifts. It's a pretty big craft store, it satisfies my crafting needs in a pinch.
2	So excited to hear that this Michael's is soon to be renovated!! This place is pretty much a clutter of old, out of date supplies that are usually not in the right place and nearly destroyed. I find it incredibly difficult to find anything here, and if I do, it usually has something wrong with it. I love Michael's as a concept, and I grew up coming to this place with my mother so we could do various arts and crafts for fun. Hell, I still come as a grown up so I can do arts and crafts for fun! I am looking forward to reviewing this Michael's once the remodel is finished, as I am sure it will turn out to be a much better store! Good luck with the reno!
4	This Michael's may not have the best rating, but from my experience I can't imagine why. The staff was helpful, the place is clean, and if you download the app, you can get some great deals. Overall, if you need art supplies I'd head to this Michael's every time. Don't forget to DL the app!!
4	This would be a 5-star review if it wasn't for the terrible terrible parking lot. I was absolutely floored at the amazing customer service I received today when I asked about bulk orders. The manager was super nice and I will be ordering from this store from now on. Just reading the reviews seems that this Michaels store is getting a new look which I agree is overdue. They don't carry as much stock as most Michaels because of the space they're in but other than that I've never had a problem when visiting this store.
5	Thank you Michaels for always having 40% off coupons, and thank you for having what I like, and for your friendly staff...very glad that this place is nice and close.  My art projects appreciate it.
4	It's not the easiest place to find your way around but Robert was EXtremely helpful!! my experience a little more pleasant.
5	We had a problem with the way a poster was mounted for framing at another Michael's location and took it to the nearest location to us on East Camelback. We spoke with Shane , the manager of the framing section. He was very polite and helpful. He had us leave the framed print for remounting and personally handled the work the next day at no charge. We couldn't be happier with the quality of the work and the way in which we were treated.
4	Four stars for walking out with $5 less out of my wallet.The store is massive and categorizes it's items well. There was tons of sales items ( possibly due to the season change ) and I managed to grab two frames for 79 cents each and some washi tape for $1.49. Pretty good deals though the normal priced items were a bit steep. Most items were 30%-80% off. There was no line at the register and was helped by a friendly woman. It's easy to get lost in here, because your creative juices get flowing. Happy I could buy some things to decorate my place without breaking the bank.
4	It felt like a smaller location where there's a little bit of every dept but nothing really expansive. The arts section was small and the art pencils are limited or they ran out/not well stocked. I didn't find all of what I needed, but I found some. At least the workers there are helpful and wiling to take some time to point you in the right direction to get what you're looking for.
1	The customer service at this michaels is just plain horrible.The badMe and my girl frequent michaels, she for her crochet needs and me for my shoe paints. I never really ask for help unless I am completely lost I'm usually ok with getting lost. The times I have asked I have not been met with kind responses but I just let it roll off my back, this last time was different me and my gf received and email coupon for 50% off for Halloween promo my girl needed more yarn so we decided to both go and I would use my coupon for an extra yarn for her. After we were done shopping and ready to pay I noticed everyone was using a coupon the gentleman who was working cash register seemed very nice to other customers as soon as I came up and asked him how he was his mood changed he did not answer my question and asked if that was all I said yes sir and I showed him my coupon he said oh another one, I just laughed it off like ok. After I finished and he was giving me my yarn in no bag I said thank you again he ignored me, I snapped I said your welcome that's what u say after someone thanks you or at least acknowledge me! I know I scared him as he started nervously laughing and saying sorry I just walked out shaking my head. I won't go back to this Michaels and I won't shop without a coupon again. I did call and leave bad review on both of our receipts and I think I am going to call the manager as well real lame customer service should always be called out.
