4	Friendly staff and big selection of almost anything you want. Since im a big fan of electronics, this club has great, if not the best selection top of the line Tv's ranging in all sizes at a reasonable and fair prices.
4	i really like this part of town...the sams clubs are always busy though...its best to go in the morning because after the afternoon the lines start getting long! and people in line have alot of item so you can imagine just how long it takes! overall everything seems clean and they have a great freindly staff...
1	Seriously? The line to the customer service desk is out the door and they only have two girls manning it. This is ridiculous! There are five other associate in the vicinity; one standing at the counter playing on computer, three others playing on a phone and one other just watching the line get bigger. C'mon now!
1	Went to Sam's Club last Sunday with my mom.  Baby C wears Sam's brand diapers.  They're cheaper and they're just as good as Pamper or Huggies.  Well, we've never had a problem at this Sam's Club ever...until this past weekend.  Granted it was busy.  People were waiting in line.  I got out of the bottleneck and told my mom to follow with the cart.  I head towards the east end of the checkout lanes and find a lane and stand in it..waving my mom over.  No sooner than I wave my mom over, this guy in the next lane completely looks past me and pushes his cart in front of me.  I tell him "Sir, I'm standing right here in line."  He says..No I've been here the whole time.  To which i state, No you've been lane hopping and I've been watching you for the last minute.  You were in the lane over.  He proceeds to get in my face cursing at me in Spanish.  I back down...because a lot of not nice things were going to start flying from my mouth..(which would have ended in me probably punching the guy in the face)...and I state...alright sir..you were standing here the whole time..Though everyone around here knows you're lying.  That's fine.  My mom walks over after the guy starts cursing at me and states..."You do not speak to my daughter that way!"  He then starts cursing her out in Spanish and says..I'll see you outside.  UHH..WTF!?  The whole time this exchange was going on...No one from Sam's Club - a manager, floor sup, NO ONE comes over to intervene.  My mom sees a worker, who looks to be a manager or front end sup..and says...why are you just standing there witnessing this happen?!  He says...well he's a customer.  WELL EXCUSE THE FRACK OUT OF US!  I THOUGHT WE WERE FRACKING CUSTOMERS TOO!?  My mom dials up the police and they're there in no time.  We weren't about to mess around with someone stating they'll "See us outside".  Police get there and the dude bails.  I can only hope that a Sam's Club will open on my side of town.  That way I wont be subjected to verbal abuse from rude customers that is apparently okay with managers/sups at this ghetto Sam's Club.
3	We are a big family so buying in bulk is essential.The thing we don't like is that we always have to dodge the sales people. We feel harassed by the people trying to sell us cable subscriptions, professional portraits, and beauty products. I think it is very inconsiderate and disrespectful for SAMs club to subject their customers to this kind of harassment. We often find ourselves taking the long way to avoid them but this is not always enough since a lot of the cashiers are very persisting in getting us to upgrade our membership and imitate the same pestering behavior.
