1	I went in to get seen for a chronic cough today.  Poor lady in front of me had scraped her knees pretty bad and we were both in the waiting room.  I politely asked the receptionist if anyone else was being seen and she said one other person.  20min. Later lady with the knee went back.  40.min after that (1hr. Total wait) I asked how things were going.  I got some nasty attitude from the receptionist so I asked for a refund on my co-pay, walked out and went direct to Dr.s Express down the street and got right in.  Was welcomed with a smile too.
1	I don't recommend this place, they are very slow. I took my son last week and it took us over an hour  to get in, then I called them two days later because the medication didn't work, my son was still sick, and they never returned my call. Bad service, I won't go back there again.
1	I do not recommend this place at all. The customer service is terrible. I called to make an appointment through their third-party affiliate and after being on hold twice was told the actual location "wasn't picking up" and she would make a note on my file to have them "call me in a minute." After they failed to do so an hour later I called back myself. I was given a 4:00 appointment time. I called to tell them I would be late at least five minutes and said they would let them know. At no time was it communicate to me that they had a cut of time 10 mins later and if you missed it you became considered a walk in. Two hours later after watching walk ins and a 5:30 appointment arrive, get seen and leave with no further information I inquired and was just then informed. I am currently in the waiting room hours later and was told there are still several patients ahead of time. It appears as though even after you have been seen you are sent to the waiting room to playing the waiting game for your paperwork (discharge). What a poor communicated, disorganized train wreck of an urgent care. At this rate of patient care they really should close for good.
