4	This was one of my best kept secrets; I'm surprised it just now made it to yelp.  La Tortotota  is a very friendly authentic Mexican Food restaurant that features  a large selection of "Tortas" (Mexican Sandwiches served on rolls). On my first visit I tried the "Cubana" (pork, cheese, and ham). I must say I was definitely hooked and have been back several times. My second time I tried the Hawaiian torta which has pork, mozzarella, ham, and pineapple.  I was very pleased with my selection because of the unique combination of flavors. I am looking forward to trying out other tortas and venturing out from my usual Cubana. I would recommend going on an empty stomach or sharing because these toratas are big and delicious it hard not to eat the whole thing. I would have given them 5 stars if they were not CASH ONLY.
4	I saw this driving by and being that I'm always on the look out for different food  had to stop in. The waitress brought us two mini tostodas when we were seated at no charge. I don't know if this is standard or they had extras but it was the first time I enjoyed beans on a tostada. They had some green chili's and white cheese, very good. My wife and I split a torta especial. No complaints, my wife loved it and we left full and happy. I would say the sandwich was 4 stars she said 5. The overall feel of this place is similar to Los Reyes in decoration and cleanliness if that helps readers. I have only been here once so far but Tortotota is now on my cheap good Mexican food list.
4	Massive tortas.  Pretty greasy and tasty too.  Good little Mexican place.
3	HUGE tortas compared to a few other popular places. Choices are few and covered usually with fried meat options. Sadly there is no straight up carne asada type of torta. To be real when i go i wont get a torta, not because they aren't good, but because i found something better on their menu.Their quesadillas are bomb, and their machete's are equally as delicious and enticing. Go for these instead trust me, they be HUGE!
5	Pastor tacos! Amazing!  Amazing authentic mexican food and great service as well.  The tacos are only $1.50, I was stuffed after 4 but I ate 6 cause they were so dang good!
4	I know this place only has a few reviews but after eating here, I hope that more people will be willing to take a gamble and try it out.  I know I was a bit hesitant seeing as how there aren't many reviews and yet so high but I see why now.  Came here after getting a tire changed at costco after work so by the time they were done, there weren't too man choices.  But this is one that is a gem to try.Considering the name of the place, I probably should have gone for the tortas.  But I was intrigued by the huaraches and I was so glad I was.  It was yummy!  It looks somewhat like a more oval version of a flatbread but is much better.  The thickness of the corn huarache is b/t a corn tortilla and a sope which I really liked.  They add into the masa (?) what seems like green onions.  It's then layered with beans, the meat, and cheese.  I got the chicharron which is not the fried pork skins you think.  It's shredded pork meat.  Their spicy salsa is good too!Good fresa (strawberry) agua fresca.Will certainly be back to try more.  Take a gamble and try this place out! It may not have a lot of reviews but please don't let that one stop you from trying it out.  It's not your typical torta place.
4	Love this place! The tortas are huge as well as almosteverything else on the menu. Ordered the asada torta which was plentiful, friend of mine ordered the quesadilla which was huge. Also had a banana liquids which tasted just like my Mamita made them when I was younger. They a cept debit cards now which is great. The server girl was cute too!
1	Review update!  Caution!  Caution!! This place has new owners and I guess they don't like good food and service cause they got rid of everything that was great about this place before.  It took FOREVER to get our food, the salsa was horrible, it tasted like burnt gasoline, the food pretty much sucked, and the dining area was hot and stuffy.  DO NOT EAT HERE, SAVE YIUR MONEY. I would seriously rather eat Mcdonalds than eat here again.
5	La tortotota is one of the few restaurants I know that serves authentic Mexican food it  is the only one I go to because is close to home and is affordable, I recognized the owner from Los Reyes de la torta ( tortas la presa) now on this new great adventure in my opinion this new restaurant is way better on so many levels, not to mention Los Reyes fell bellow my expectations since he left, I really like the attention he gives to everyone that goes in there, I  hope more people try this place, the food is great the service is awesome, but I really miss the tacos de canasta and the taco stand he used to put outside in the weekends
4	I had the taco combo platter. It includes 3 tacos, rice, beans, and a "salad" (lettuce). I chose carne asada for the meat. Everything was delicious. I loved the horchata as well. I would definitely come here again to taste something else. You know a Mexican restaurant is good when their beans are good! The beans were awesome.
3	Came In today because we got gift certificates via Restaurant.com only to find the manager doesn't allow them .  Only because we were super hungry  did we stay .  I had the cubano Torta and a single Tripitas taco.  My dad had a tripitas burro. Lnch was good .  The Torta was huge, took half home .  Very flavorful.  Tripas were cooked well.  Had cokes in a bottle and definitely no room for dessert .  Total bill was $24.   Not bad but a bummer I couldn't use my gift certificate
