1	Carl's senior may have been on to something, but Carl's Jr. has messed up the family tradition. If anyone asks you if you'd like to go for a Hot Carl's, they probably don't mean this place, but either way, the answer is NO. Remember that.This place is basically just Hardee's, but on the West Coast. It's not the worst fast food place ever, but it's an evil chain (like all other corporate chains) and so I don't suggest trying it. I came to this location in Phoenix, back in 2011 and it was just like all the others. It wasn't my idea to come.I should mention, I only rate national and global chains on a scale of 1-2. I rate family businesses on a scale of 3-5. Here is why:Would you rather support the local family, or the multi national corporations and the rich men on yachts in the Carribbean? Why are the parking lots of the awesome local places usually half empty (or completely empty)? Why are the fast food chains always so busy? Why can they afford to open so late and get all the TV advertising and all the prime intersection locations? Why are they taking over all the airports, stations, and rest stops? Why go and support McDonalds, Taco Bell, Burger King, KFC, Wendys, Cold Stone, Subway, and so on? These places have systematically and coldly taken over the national food scene by using the cheapest ingredients, pre-packaged frozen systematic meals that are identical across the nation, ridiculously cheap prices for the polystyrene food on dollar menus, overpricing for everything else, rude underpaid servers on way less than minimum wage, and a ridiculously expensive mass brand advertising campaign that gets inside the heads of all the kids and the 20somethings and keeps them under the illusion that if it's not a brand name, it's not worth visiting. They spend all the money they should be investing in food and service, in advertising and cornering the market - the local places can't compete - and someday all we will be left with is the same chains serving the same food all over the world. That is our future. It's the way we're heading and you know it. Every time you eat at a bland national chain, you buy into that, you support that. Boycott chains. Support your local eateries. It's an embarrassment that generic brand national chains are even listed on a proper foodie website like Yelp, let alone getting 4 and 5 stars from so called foodies. Wake up, America, before we're all just batteries in the matrix.
4	Went here late last night on the way home wasn't sure if it was open PLEASE ADD THAT IS OPEN 24hrs I was glad tho since I got the bacon avocado hamburger and some fried zucchinis which made my night will def return lots of stuff on the menu since it's a green burrito as well.
4	Best place for shakes!  Love the big burgers
1	Terrible customer service, staff arguing with each other. Slow slow slow!!! 20 minutes to get 3 cheese burgers and a small fry. It wasn't that they were overly busy, there might have been 10 people total.
1	This place is slow!!!!!!!!!!!I went through the drive through about a year ago and got cold food after waiting for nearly 15 min. in the drive through lane with 2 cars in front of me.I decided after a year had past to give them a try again this morning and finally at the 15 min mark i gave up and backed out of the line and left.  Avoid this place like the plague.  Not sure how they stay in business.
1	This location is horrible. .. the longest waits ever!! I have came here several times an each time is the same. I just ordered 2 chicken strip meals an after waiting at window for 10 min they asked me to pull up an park in front because they just dropped my chick3n strips.  Wow really what were they doing for the 10 min I was at the window.. iv been parked for 7 minutes an still no food. My baby is crying , im hungry, an this is just dumb..... I didnt even see a manager...
