2	The one good part of my visit was that the staff was very professional and friendly.  However, I saw Dr Olga Dorlon PA-C.. I give her ZERO stars. Not only did she not introduce herself to me ( a new patient) when she walked into the room, she rushed through my exam. She never informed me of her procedure steps of an annual exam before she did them, like all the other gynocologists i have visited in my time or even worked for. I also came in to have a bloodtest done to regulate my medication and she took it upon herself to order additional bloodtests without informing me of doing so.  I wanted to discuss birth control brands and what would benefit me the most and she never suggested any kind to me. She kept asking what brand i would want to try. Isnt it her job to know which medication does what and what would be good for me to try to get the results that i want., not mine. She left the room without discharging me and i sat  in the room for 10 min waiting to leave until a nurse came in and told me i was finished. I thought the doc was coming back in. Overall i just thinks this woman lacks bedside manner, compassion and even the interest to be a doctor. I will never go back to her and i certainly dont recommend her to any woman
1	BEWARE - horrendous care!! Bad, unprofessional, disorganized & rude people - even the Dr's! I definitely would not trust a pregnancy to this office, let alone your annual care. Wish I had seen these other reviews before I scheduled my appointment with Dr. Turner. I chose her because I had recently moved to the area and saw an article on her in Seven Magazine...but was very disappointed. During my appointment, Dr. Turner could not answer my questions, she promised to follow up with me that week via telephone, 4 months, three phone calls to the office and one written letter to her personally - I finally receive a curt letter back from her office instructing me to "just make another appointment or if I'm not happy with my care, to go somewhere else." Wow.
5	Not sure why the reviews above are negative (There is no Olda Dorlon at this office - maybe Henderson?)  I have always had a great experience at the office.  I just had a baby and went for my prenatal care, I saw all of the doctors there based on availability and was pleased with them all.  Some were more informative than others, but that's to be expected - you must ask questions to get answers unless it is routine information.  I have 4 children and this was the most pleasant prenatal care I've had, the wait time was no more than 10 minutes whereas other places you can wait for an hour or more just to be seen.  I have been in and out within 20 or 30 minutes for most of my appointments.  Dr. Shoenhaus works both offices, she is super sweet, and I also recommend Dr Ciklin - she is very informative and has a great personality, which makes it easy to talk to her - and motivational for birth as well.
1	Horrible experience nearly every time I had to go here during my pregnancy. I was left with no choice but to switch drs/ofcs in my last few weeks of being pregnant. If you come into contact with Dr Miller's scheduling nurse, Claudia, beware! She is so rude and was the final straw in deciding to leave this office. She should not be allowed to interact with patients. Even though you have a set Dr you have to see a different Dr every time you go in. Most of the Dr's are condescending and come across offended that you ask questions. Dr Miller rarely made eye contact with me, which is unacceptable from a Dr that will eventually be performing a surgery on me. It felt like a cattle call when you get in there. They want you in and out as quickly as possible. They are irritated when you ask questions. If you are looking for a caring Dr this is not the place to go
