5	This is listed as a barber shop, but let me tell you, this ain't just a barber shop. If you want to pamper the man in your life, send him here. I'll bet after a lovely session, he'll never go back to just shaving himself ever again.This is a shave shop/barber shop in the old style. They lather your face up and then shave you with a straight edge blade. This establishment has been around since 1805 and started in England (surprise, surprise). Not only do they offer services but they also have a line of products for sale ranging from shaving brushes, creams, lotions etc.I guess this is to men what cosmetic lines such as Shiseido, Clarins, La Mer is to women. I don't get it, but then again, I doubt hubby gets it either when I buy shit for my face.
5	I am not a metro man however sometimes its nice for someone else to pamper you.  The seven towel shave is just awesome.  They have a vast assortment of products and services from haircuts to shoe shines!  I guarantee you'll feel like a new man!
5	I've been here twice. I must say that the staff here is stellar. I had the shave treatment, let me tell you fellas, hands down, the CLOSEST SMOOTHEST most UN-razor burn shave I have ever had. I use a straight razor at home, but the shave I got here was AMAZING. Hot towels slight citrus smell. puts you to sleep. I will continue to come back here whenever I'm in Vegas. Make time to feel good! Make an appointment for faster service!
4	I've been here twice now. Inspired by Yelp reviews of Art of Shaving, I went here for a full shave & cut on my birthday, in January. (I picked T&H over AoS because I felt that T&H took the haircut more seriously, and I did read 1 bad review of AoS vs 0 for T&H). The straight razor shave turned out to not be for me (sensitive skin, no fault of the barber), but I was very pleased with the haircut, or at least the work that my barber, Uzi (sp?) seemed to put into it. As you can see, I have a mohawk, and while it doesn't require Vidal Sassoon to figure it out, you'd definitely be surprised at how poorly some barbers/stylists can handle it. Flash to 1 month later, I need another haircut, and I'm having a hard time dragging myself back to my regular barber. But I still haven't found anything better, besides the expensive T&H. So back to T&H I went. Walked in, no appointment, was getting my hair cut 10 minutes later. Another wonderful job done by Uzi, but at $60+tip, it damn well should be!
4	Just got a text from Uzi the Barber. I guess Truefitt is closed. He's at a place called Fino Grooming Lounge now, if you're interested. I'm actually kinda happy to hear it, 'cause now maybe I can get a good cut without paying Truefitt prices.
5	Not (entirely) closed; moving.I was recently in London and visited the Truefitt & HIll there.  One of the barbers told me that the Las Vegas Truefitt & Hill was moving to Mandalay Place (since they had such a bad location at Caesar's).
