3	New management took over this place, so I tried it again. I love the idea that it is all you can eat, but they serve the meat to you instead of having it sit in the buffet area for hours.  The meats were better in quality now than before. I went by myself during lunch and I had 4 items from buffet menu.  I had the marinated beef kalbe, thin sliced pork belly, shrimp and squid.  I was pretty impressed with everything except for the shrimp.  It was soft and danty as if this shrimp was malnutritioned .  However, everything else was delicious and cheap! $15.99 per person all day and even for dinner! You cannot beat that! I have gone back 3 other times already and each time there is not that many customers.  I would still go back there for more Korean BBQ!
4	Not the best, but better than most.Ok, to be honest, the first time I came here, it wasn't really by choice.  I was actually headed to the place next door (if you've been here, you know what restaurant I'm talking about) but my reservation was "denied."  So, being hungry and unwilling to wait 2 hours to be seated, the wife and I reluctantly walked over to Seoul Oak.  We were one of two tables seated.  At 7pm.  On a Friday.  I had second thoughts, but...The waitress was so polite and helpful, we decided to give it a shot.  And we were impressed.  We ordered off the all you can eat menu and then proceeded to stuff ourselves silly.  The side dishes seemed never-ending!  The big bone kalbi is a must, though the meat could be served thicker.  My favorite is the spicy pork, which has slightly sweet notes as you start eating, but the heat builds and next thing you know you had two bowls of rice.  The food was delicious and relatively authentic (compared to the "Americanized" or more trendy eateries).  We even took a kid from Korea (on a later visit) who said the food was like how his mom makes.  Seriously.  But on a recent visit (maybe two or three weeks ago) we noticed that some of the menu items tasted differently.  Maybe a new cook?  Maybe they just changed the recipes?  It wasn't bad, but a surprise.  The place is very unassuming, and I'm not sure if they even have a sign (in English...if you're going West to East on Spring Mtn., I know there is a sign in English).  But come here for straight up Korean food that is filling and tasty.
4	I am definitely a fan. My boyfriend and I used to go here so much that one of the waiters, Leo, ended up remembering us and would stop to chat, and even one of the older ladies would recognize us as well! This is very uncommon in "China Town" so this is another reason why I will never change my mind about Seoul Oak. They have some of the best selection for a pretty standard price. For the Korean grilling, it's $16.99 for AYCE. The banchan changes based on what resources they have but, overall it's always good! I LOVE their kalbi, and they even have dessert at the end, which is usually rice punch (MMMMM!!).  I'd recommend it to anyone who is a carnivore and is looking for something away from the strip and main China Town.
2	Going, going...Gone is the awesome waitress who had tended to our every whim on our frequent visits.  Gone is my favorite spicy pork dish.Gone were the flavors I had grown accustomed to.Gone am I to greener pastures and better Korean food.
4	Came here solo on a Friday night.  I was debating just going to bed, since i work at 3am, but my craving for Korean food was too much to overcome in my weaken hunger state.  Anyway, i decided to give Seoul Oak a try since I see the AYCE sign when visiting Monta Ramen next door.The waitress that was working was super nice and I think rather attractive.  She suggested that i move to the next table when i told her I am interested in the AYCE option, because the ventilation system at the next table was better.The food ordered here comes in plates, so it is not one of those AYCE places where you get a plate and select what you want to eat and how much.  So when my order came out for the beef tongue, I had to ask her to only grill 1/3 of the full plate that she brought out.  She was fine was that.  And I ordered a few more items (marinated beef ribs, boneless beef rib-didn't like this as much as I would like, marinated chicken, marinated sliced beef, marinated pork ribs-spicy and I think is a little hard to grill and cook properly).  Overall I like the food and love the banchans they served, which included the Korean spicy soup.The place does not smell like it is too smokey either. +1, but your hands will smell if you do the grilling, which is pretty much unavoidable unless someone else does all the cooking while you do just the eating.Price for AYCE is $19.95. Not the cheapest but not the most expensive either.  They also offer lunch specials that is pretty reasonably priced during lunch during the weekdays up to 3pm.  I will be sure to come back and check that out in the next few weeks.I think this is a 3 stars establishment, but bumping it up on the attentive and friendly service, especially since one waitress is looking after the entire restaurant.
4	For some reason this place is always so empty when I go in. This may be because the price is a little higher than surrounding Korean restaurants, but the Bi Bim Bap here is by far one of my favorites. They serve it on the hottest stone plate, so it toasts the rice just oh so nicely. The staff is really nice and service is good.
4	Solid place to pig out on all you can eat BBQ.We came here with a bunch of friends after some bouldering at Kraft. Got lots of kalbi, bulgogi, pork belly, even some octopus. All were pretty good and service was decent despite only one waitress serving the entire place.Played Titanic with our Hite and soju. lol
3	The general consensus on finding good Korean food is to go to L.A. For the most part, I would probably agree. I am always craving superb Korean food and will go to great lengths to fulfill that urge. Although no place serves up cheunggukjang, a strong fermented soybean soup. Many do serve gamjatang. If you like a spicy pork bone soup filled with veggies and potatoes, this is the dish for you. While in Korea, it was a ritual for my group of friends to meet every week to get a big pot of this. Usually I do not order this and stick to the mainstream stuff because I do not want to be disappointed. To my excitement, the pot came with a mountain of greens and sesame leaves. Under the mound, there were five bones with a decent amount of meat on them, a bundle of noodles, and four potatoes. The taste was good, but not spectacular. For $25.95, it can easily feed three. The pickled banchan were more on the preserved side. The fresh items like the spinach, beansprouts and fish cakes were delicious.
4	This place most of the time is not that busy whenever I go there and eat. The meat quality is better than 2 years ago since the change in management .The price is quite reasonable in my opinion. If you are not gonna eat that much you can go for an AYCE lunch menu.If you are meat lovers you might have to go for an all day AYCE menu which offers lots of meats,octopus,pork belly,intestines,tongue and etc.The staffs are very nice and friendly,also they recognise the regulars.If you feel like having a buffet this restaurant offers lunch special like Mul Naeng Myun(Korean Cold Noodles) and Galbi set for only $16.
2	Didn't realize the restaurant changed owners, but the prior was much better.  I came on a weekday for dinner, restaurant was empty with maybe 2 other tables.  Service was very slow.  There was only one waitress and she kept forgetting our order, though she did apologize whenever I reminded her. The side dishes are now bland with only a few selection.  Meat is okay, nothing special.  Wasn't too impressed with the new owners.  Might as well stick to Honey Pig if you want AYCE krn bbq in vegas.
2	For the most part, I like Korean food.  However, I don't dine in many Korean restaurants because I always get ambushed by overbearing servers.  Seoul Oak is no exception.My favorite Korean spot in the east bay is run by this crazy older woman, who will yell at you, laugh with you, and take your chopsticks in order to demonstrate how to mix rice with seaweed.  My friends and I dubbed our experiences at this restaurant as "lunch and a show".  The server at Seoul Oak could give this woman a run for her money.As soon as bf and I walked in, we were greeted by a very enthusiastic server.  She sat us down, gave us a menu, proceeded to explain the menu to us, aggressively suggested what to order, and basically would not leave us alone.  I went with the classic bibimbap and bf went with a mackerel stew.When my bibimbap came, I poked around and tasted the elements to see how much hot sauce I needed to add.  Our server was NOT OK with this.  Nope.  Not one bit.  She proceeded to take my chopsticks and mix my dish for me.  Really?  What just happened here?Their food was standard and on par with the other Korean places that I've eaten at.  I thought their pricing was a bit high but, that could be attributed to their location on Spring Mountain.  The food is a-ok but, that server scares me.  I'm switching to take-out from now on.
1	Prejudiced and unprofessional staff and just average Korean food. Now let me start out by saying that my father is in the restaurant business and I was raised by my stepmom(who was born and raised in Seoul) so I know more than a thing or two about Korean food. I went to Seoul Oak with 4 of my other friends. We were originally planning to go to Monta Ramen however, they were extremely busy so we decided to try this place instead. My friends have never really had Korean food before but I convinced them to try it out and away we went. As soon as we entered we were greeted by a seemingly friendly waitress that asked us if we wanted to sit a a normal table or at a grill to which we responded by saying we wanted to sit at the grill. I helped my friends navigate the menu and the waitress got out drinks. Now she actually messed up our drinks twice but we didn't really mind. She was an older women (seemed to be in her 40's) and her English wasn't too great so we tried to be understanding. Three of my friends ordered some meat to be grilled and I ordered kimchi jjigae. One person in our party was a vegetarian and but wanted to try a particular noodle dish so we asked the waitress if it would be possible to order it without the fish. She told us that the kitchen could make the noodles without the fish and she went off and returned shortly with our sides. She kind of lingered around for a couple of minutes and talked to us about how it was nice of us to try Korean food and we sort of awkwardly nodded and smiled in reply. My friends were a little anxious to try their food and I assured them that they would be happy with their meal but I WAS SO WRONG. From the moment our entrees arrived it was all wrong. First of all my vegetarian friend's noodles arrived and had loads of fish in it. EVEN THOUGH SHE TOLD US THAT THEY WOULDN'T PUT FISH IN IT. So, we asked the waitress if we could get a replacement dish (WITHOUT MEAT) OR just get it taken off the tab. (This is standard practice at most restaurants) But she told us that she didn't recall such a request and told my friend to just pick out the fish. So, my friend tried to pick out the fish and eat the noodles but lost her appetite. Meanwhile my friends who ordered their bulgogi (that was to be grilled) arrived already cooked. And one of them actually received chicken....And we so we calmly told the waitress that their order was wrong. She disagreed with us and told us that our order was correct! I eventually told her that SHE WAS WRONG because WHY would we sit at a table with a GRILL and order meat that was ALREADY COOKED. She then became VERY defensive and accused us of trying to take advantage of her and try to order food for free. It was like she was bipolar because then she got all smiley and told us that the already cooked meat was better anyway and that everything would be taken care of then she just walked off. We all just sat there in shock and tried to eat our food but our meal was already ruined. We hardly even touched our plates before we decided to just get our check and leave. BUT THATS NOT ALL. SHE CHARGED US FOR EVERYTHING ON OUR CHECK. She gave our vegetarian fish, and didn't give us anything we asked for. The only thing she got right was the kimchi jjigae....We asked her why she charged us for all of this when we clearly weren't happy with our food and even told her that we hardly ate any of it. She than got load with us and AGAIN tried to accuse us of trying to take advantage of the restaurant and eat for free. We argued with her and tried to get her to AT LEAST take off the messed up noodles that the vegetarian ordered but she wouldn't even do that. She called the manager/owner but he walked over and didn't really say or do anything. We eventually just gave up and paid but left EXTREMELY UNHAPPY. There are 4 other great korean restaurants that I would rather go to than go to that place again.
