4	The first time I came to Serenity Nails was as a walk-in. I was greeted immediately and with great courtesy. This salon is very clean and the staff are extremely friendly. I come here regularly, and consistently receive excellent service. The cost is a touch pricey, but considering the quality of service and attention to detail I am more than willing to pay for it. I have never, ever felt hurried, and  a result I can sit back and relax which, as us girls know, is an important part of the entire mani/pedi experience. As I have stated in previous reviews, service is so, so important to the overall experience of any business hoping for repeat customers. In this case, I can state with absolute confidence that I will fall into that category.
5	Great friendly place! My nails always look great! They have good specials Mon-Thurs ;) husband and wife owners, always happy and honest! Wait times are always minimal! They have a lot of techs, and you can tell that everyone is treated with respect! I love how friendly it is, I always get a good laugh!;)
2	Payed $22 for a half job pedi!!!...second time disappointed never going back..
1	I wouldn't even give this place one star. Went here for a pedicure and left extremely unhappy.  The gal had me soaking in the chair for 25 minutes before even beginning, and also had the nerve to leave me mid job to go do an eyebrow wax. Needless to say, she didn't get a tip. I recommend not going and I won't be back. Shitty service and employees.
3	A little pricier than where I am from but fast and efficient service. They also have tons of colors to choose from and are well staffed. This trip I only got a gel overlay on my nails, I'll definitely be back.
3	Service received -mani - pedi, great job. Basic manicure only lasted 2 days (with hands use in consideration), pedicure still looks nice after 4 days.Friendly customer service.Cleanliness - Dirty, they really need to dust...overhead light covers, clean the arm rest on the pedicure chairs, dust behind the chairs, and pick up the magazines. And clean you trash cans and once a week wipe down the bottom of your chairs. I know you are trying to service your customers but the untidiness makes customers feel uneasy about your sanitary practices (pedicure tub-manicure tools). I will give them another chance...hopefully it will be cleaner next time.
5	I've been going here for eyebrow waxing and nail/toenail painting for almost two years. I love this place! Super friendly staff, really quick and they do a great job! I got a full set put on for an event once and those suckers stayed on until they grew out, they didn't come off at all. They do an excellent job and I'll keep coming back even though we moved further away.
5	Note that I am SUPER PICKY when it comes to pedicure and manicure. I quit going to salons in Reno as bone of them seem to do it right. As I was out of town I was in dying need of ped and mani with Gelish. I finally gave in and visited Tammy at Serenity Salon. OMG what a wonderful lady. I like my nails soaked off - not dremeled. She didn't even question and did as I requested. It is a busy salon but she took time to make sure everything was done correctly. Totally worth 50% tip
2	I have gone here twice and both times I've waited over an hour while walk ins who showed up after me kept getting called over for service. I had chosen very simple nail designs and they were messed up both times to the point where I had to ask them to just stop and leave them mid-design since they were turning out so poorly. My gels started chipping after two days and the gems I had put on had all fallen off by day three, leaving giants holes in my top coat. I always get charged way more than other customers who usually have far more intricate designs and when I ask why they just pretend they can't understand me. Very unhappy with the service, still looking for the perfect nail salon on Vegas!
4	Got a gel pedicure here and I am pretty happy with the service.  I am from out of town and I took my daughter in as well. Prices are fair. They did a good job on both of our nails. I was helped right away and the owner was friendly.  I would recommend this place and I will return.
2	I came here for a pedicure.  I was pleased when they told me it was $22.  I should have remembered that you get what you pay for. The things I like about pedicures are getting my feet scrubbed down and getting a nice massage.  After the pedicure, I still had rough spots on my heels, which I addressed politely with the man whose table is near the cash register. He gave me his cuticle oil and told me to put it on my heels.  It did not help. The massage lasted about 2 minutes per leg. I asked if she would be able to do a few extra minutes of massaging for $5, which most nail salons have no problem with. She said they don't do that here.  It wouldn't have been worth it anyways, because the massage I did receive was mediocre at best. Needless to say, I won't be returning.
2	This is the last time I'll be at this nail shop. I came in for a manicure and pedicure and was there for two hours! The first 30 minutes I spent with my feet in the water so eventually the water got cold and they were too busy to come make it warmer, this was not the problem because I understood they were busy, the problem was that I waited that long and didn't even get done to my nails what I wanted! The lady who was doing my nails said she could, then when I asked for the chevron design she told me I'd have to wait again. ARE YOU JOKING? Ive already been waiting! No thank you! I'm over it. I'll just go somewhere else. It just sucks because I've been going here for almost three years now and each time they treat me like they've never seen me before, I'll never go back. It's not worth my time or money.
