5	I have to say that I am extremely happy with this merchant. I cracked a rim on my Expedition and have been driving around on the spare for months trying to located a replacement. The Ford dealerships wanted $535 for a single steel rim!I finally gave up and decided to just buy a completely new set of rims. I looked at a number of both online and local retail sources when I came upon Discount Tire Direct. They had a rim I liked at reasonable prices. After picking out the rim I decided to call the company to verify that the rims would both fit my truck and that my current tires (relatively new) would fit on these rims. Once all was verified, the gent I spoke with dropped the price another $50 so the bottom line was a I got all four alloy rims, caps, chrome valve stems and the lug-nut set with key, shipped for $456! To top things off, I was expecting processing and shipping to take a week or so but I ordered the things on a Tuesday and had them in hand by 1:00 Thursday!I have since taken them to my local Firestone and had the tires remounted. Everything fit perfectly. No issues with rims and the things look terrific. All in all, you can't have a better online ordering experience than that!
5	I am extremely happy with the customer service I received from Chris R. I was approved for a CareOne Card but had trouble getting it authorized online. The GE Capital Retail Bank (bank for the CareOneCard) phone number kept dropping my call. I decided to give Discount Tire Direct a call and I'm glad I did. I had decided not to purchase the replacement certificates but when I was offered an extra incentive, I decided to buy them. Chris was very quick and efficient with the whole call and reassured me that he'd call CareOneCard and do a manual authorization. He tried checking for any rebates to make sure I'd get the best deal. Can't wait to get my new tires. Thanks!
5	Ordered a tire from them with an extra $20 for warranty on the tire if anything would happen to it. I recently got a huge bubble on the side of the new tire so I called them and asked how can I get it replaced since I paid an extra $20 for the warranty and without a problem or hassle they sent me a brand new tire that took only 3 days to receive. Their customer service is amazing and I will spread the word to everyone I know about Discount Tire Direct! Good work!
2	I didn't have such a great experience. I ordered 5 tires for my vehicle I was given an awesome price when I called the first time, when I called back to make the purchase the price went up over 200 dollars. I asked what happened and the guy couldn't tell me, He said " I don't know why its a different price" so 20 minutes in he got the price down a little bit. I paid for the tires even though the were now 110 dollars more than the first price, and then he said you should have 3 by tuesday and 2 by wednesday because they are coming from texas. The first call he said they were all in stock, so at this point I was like whatever I can wait til wednesday and then I got my tracking numbers that said I won't see them til friday. So I called first thing in the morning and asked what happened he said UPS changed it and he said he will send the issue to customer service and see if they will send a discount  back to me. I checked my email 10 minutes later he issued me a 25 dollar credit, I called customer service and they were full of excuses and it was very apparent that customer satisfaction isn't as important as they claim it is.. Sounds like Big O tires needs my business next time..
5	I have been dealing with Discount Tire Direct for about 6 years and it has always been an exceptional experience. They have a warehouse in Ohio so shipping is always quick for my location, and their customer service is top notch. I purchased the hazard warranty for a set of 4 tires and recently had a tire develop a sidewall bubble after about 600 miles.  DTD replaced it no questions asked and didn't even need the old tire or a pro-rate. I will continue to use Discount Tire Direct for all of my new tire purchases!
1	Im not to happy with discount tire direct.They advertise will ship order same day..Well thats false advertisment.i ordered my tires within reasonable time approx 4pm for them to ship out same dayWhy advertise something and cant stand behind your wordI do alot of ordering with jegs high performance and u can order with them up until 9pm eastern and still goes out...and there in OHIOwell no tires for my vette for the weekend thanx to discount tire slow ass shipping
