4	Pretty good Americanized Chinese food and they throw in the happy fun time American food for the dummies who come to a Chinese food buffet and don't want to eat it.  The Crab Ragoon is crazy delicious.  I usually OD on that.  The staff is friendly, and they keep the restaurant clean...........except.............for the bathrooms.  Consider yourself warned, do not, and I shall repeat, do not use their bathrooms.  You gotta go?  Then leave the building friends.    I've gone in there multiple times and it always smells like a house made of shit.  I refuse to go in there anymore.  You look around and it doesn't look filthy or anything like that, but the smell is legendary in a Fat Bastard sorta way.  One whiff and I'm dry heavin', and I promise you experiencing this doesn't make you want to run right back out to the buffet and load up another plate.
3	Safe bet for a cheap buffet .  Nothing blew me away but the price is right.  Nice service and cool fish tank.
3	Good, standard American-Chinese buffet. The service is friendly, and I've enjoyed most everything I've eaten there. They keep the dishes filled, so you never have to wait long for refills on anything. I don't recall the bathrooms being overly disgusting or overly sparkling clean...generic bathroom to me.
4	Decent Americanized Chinese food along with the staple salad bar fixings. The carved roast beef was moist, tender, and flavorful. The beef gravy appeared to be made from the roast and not a can or a package.I agree with Heather C., The Crab Ragoon, Mmmmmmmmm ! I'm also a fan of the peanut chicken.The wait staff was attentive about refilling drinks and removing used dishes.$11 for dinner and $1 for soda hard to find much like it in Madison.
3	This place does some things very well but the food needs some help.  The staff is very friendly at the greeting counter but not so much back at the cooking station.   The place is immaculately clean and the serving islands are impeccable.  High marks for this.  They have a good variety of food.   My problems were that none of my food was hot.   Almost everything was barely warm.  The sweet/sour chicken did not taste that good and used that chicken mash for the interior instead of solid chicken.   They may have also used that elsewhere.   It is chicken with filler or something and I hate it.   I also didn't care for the Crab Rangoon.   It was ok in flavor but the consistency was different from what I am used to.  The best dishes were the broccoli chicken-excellent flavor and tender chicken, peanut crusted chicken-really good and crunchy with great flavor,  So all in all I was able to put together a good group of foods that were quite tasty.  I just wish it was hot.  Probably won't go back again.  I would rather spend my money on something more to my liking with even better flavor and of a higher quality.Went back a few weeks later.   Focused upon the dishes I liked best.  They had good flavor but still not warm enough.   Not flavorful enough for my taste.   I tried an apple desert they had.  It was way undercooked.  Bottom was completely uncooked and totally dough.  Yuck.  They still get 3 stars because of the cleanliness and pleasant atmosphere with lots of room to move around.
1	I was very disappointed with this place. I never expect too much when I go to a Chinese buffet, that has "sushi". The sushi was primarily made up of cream cheese and rice. The Chinese food was sub par in my opinion. The almond cookies were even cheap and tasted nothing like an almond cookie.
3	In all fairness, there was nothing at all wrong with this restaurant -- it was clean, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and the food was okay.But overall the experience was just okay. The variety is kind of lacking for a buffet, though they do have all the (deep fried) traditional American foods that you find at Chinese buffets. And their potato puffs were the best I've ever had. The Chinese food variety was really lacking, though, and some of the food was not super warm by the time you got back to your seat to eat it.So, it was clean and nice looking, the food was okay, and if all you want is your normal Americanized Chinese buffet, you'll get it here!
2	So, right away if I go into a buffet setting, and there are signs indicating for you to eat everything that you take, right away to me that means they are having issues with food costs, and their business isn't doing too well.Some things on a buffet, I don't expect much quality - sushi on a buffet? I expect to be mediocre... dumplings? I expect to be frozen ones that are steamed/deep fried. Here, the sushi was atrocious. I don't think I've ever had worse sushi anywhere! The dumplings were ok, but it's hard to screw up reheating dumplings.The hibachi/mongolian bbq service was good - and would be the only reason for me to come back, as that's something I missed from a place I used to go to often in Wausau.However, if I cannot finish what's on my plate, I don't think a restaurant should be upset with me for it. Cut down how much crap you have out there that no one touches, or is just plain bad (especially the abysmal sushi), and watch your profits pick back up!
3	Normally the food is good but if its not busy you can tell the food has been out for a while and for 12.50 id expect better. Nice atmosphere and clean
4	let me start by saying that i am a fan of chinese buffets and always lookign for new ones to try. i will also admit that i never expect the quality of any given dish to be the same as in a regular restaurant. the dishes have to be prepared a bit more bland since the same dish is being made for many people. if it's not spicy enough, they always have chili peppers/sauce that you can add. also, the food does sit for a while before you eat it, unless a fresh serving was just brought out. now, since i got all that out of the way...this is, so far, my favorite chinese buffet. very friendly, quick service. our plates have always been removed quickly and our drinks refilled right away. there is always a good selection of sushi, and for a buffet it is quite good. fairly basic, nothing special compared to going into a higher class chinese or japanese restaurant, but again, in those restaurants you can pay as much or more for sushi as you would pay for this entire buffet, so don't have unreasonable expectations. some of my favorites here: the hot and sour soup, dim sum, crab rangoon that rates as the best i've had anywhere, generals chicken that actually has a little bit of heat, and the rice noodles. even though sometimes the food isn't completely hot, i have never had anything that seemed stale or like it had been sitting around. i also enjoy the variety of fruit and 4 different kinds of ice cream that you can scoop yourself. and a sign asking you to eat what you take in no way reflects on the quality. it reflects on the rudeness and stupidity of too many customers. i have seen, not here but at other buffets, people pile up huge amounts of food onto a plate, pick at a few things, put the plate on the end of the table then go up and do it all over again. if you aren't sure of the quality or the flavor, take a little bit, check it out first. if you like it, take more. adults should know this! and the bathrooms are fine, the cleanest of any chinese restaurant i have seen. there is a sign asking you not to flush papers like another reviewer pointed out, but i am not sure if that refers to toilet paper; people will try to flush all kinds of things and end up causing serious plumbing issues. every time i have been there the bathrooms have been clean, so don't let silly rantings scare you away from this place. to sum it up, good service, good food, fair prices! great, i want to go there right now!
3	This is probably the best Chinese buffet you will find in Madison. It's not amazing or over the top by any means but for the price you pay it's a good deal for sure. Ample scope of Chinese dishes of general authenticity, nothing is ever kept out for more then an hour as its always the right temp and they are constantly changing out the trays every time I go in here. You can even find some standard American items for those not so globally prepared to go all out Asian yet. The hibachi grill is way cool. Pick from a while bar of food items and pile it on your plate and then serve it to the hibachi chef to grill up and serve in just a couple minutes right in front of you. Small range but good quality sushi rolls also available for a buffet place like this. A very tempting dessert bar also is available for diners and yet I have yet to indulge in that aspect because I never have room left after my main courses are finished. For the $10 to $12 you pay here it's well worth it considering it's more then that for a Rainbow roll at any of the other formal sushi joint in town.
1	I've been going here for about 5 years now, and while the bathrooms were a major source of contention, everything else seemed to be pretty good.  However, in the last few months this buffet has taken a header right into the crapper, literally.  Another reviewer mentioned that they have signs in the bathroom asking that you not flush your toilet paper, rather dispose of it in a little garbage can next to the toilet.  You don't have to be a genius to figure out that is some nasty, literal shit.  The bathrooms have air freshners in every stall and on every counter.  They also have two automatic ones mounted on the wall.  The smell of overpowering air freshner hits you in the hallway before you enter the horror room.  Unfortunately, not just the bathrooms have deteriorated.  The quality of the food has taken a turn for the worse as well.  We're talking grade C chicken chunks with bones in it.  Gravy for egg fu young that is crusty and clumped, egg rolls burned to a crisp, and flies galore.  Mmm, flies, how I love to eat when there are flies landing on everything.  Also, I noticed one of the employees picking at her eyes and face, I wanted to march over like a crabby mom wagging a finger and say "stop that!  Go wash yer hands!"    Then they charge you a premium averaging 12 dollars per person for this culinary extravaganza.  But I can assure you the best part is when 2 our of 3 people in your party are forced to spend the rest of the day in their own bathrooms, at home, with gastrointestinal pyrotechnics.
5	For chinese buffets in the area, this is the best. The only one that is better or just as good is the one in Waunakee. It's standard american chinese fare. Their beef and mushrooms is really good and their sushi isn't bad either. Its all very sugary, of course, but the items are fresh. The place is clean and the workers are friendly. I come here a lot.
2	Good selection of Chinese but when the sign says world buffet I was hoping for more than Chinese food and French fries.
2	The only reason I'm not giving it 1 star is because the food isn't terrible. It's not particularly great, but it's definitely not bad either. It's difficult to find little places which have a lot of vegetarian options, but this one has a good few.The first time I had a problem here at all was with their own coupon. They have stamp-cards for visits, free meal after a certain amount. I had accidentally put one stamp on a different card by mistake. They refused to honor these together. Even though it's really in the best interest of keeping their customer base, they really fight about any kind of discount unless it's exactly how they want it to be. Also, if you get a drink with your 'free' lunch, you have to pay for that too. Whatever, no big deal. But as I kept going there I kept noticing the service was worse and worse, as if everyone has just been getting comfortable with being more and more rude. They do what they are supposed to, but with dirty looks. If I smile and say yes, please, I get a dirty look and no response - no polite 'sure!' or really anything to acknowledge my being pleasant. You go to pay and are met my someone saying as little as possible to you as they can - other places people might ask how things were or even just say hi, not here. They don't initiate conversation and will say nothing the whole time if possible. If you say thank you, you are ignored in a very obvious way, creating an awkward silence. It's not just one person. I don't know why they want to be mean and rude to customers for no reason, but if they want people to stop coming there it's working.
2	If we have food poisoning in the morning, I'm changing this to one star.We didn't go in the bathrooms.  The restaurant was really clean, overall.  I should have taken the cue from the 3 men storming out without paying that were leaving when we came in that it wasn't going to be good-- they were saying it was horrible.  I thought I'd try it.My boyfriend and I found nothing to be flavorful, everything, and I do mean almost EVERYTHING to be at room temperature, the texture was lacking, and there were a few times we spit items out of our mouths as fast as we went in.  I should have left... I kept telling myself I should have just left but I didn't see any obviously glaring remarks for here about food poisining.Boyfriend said sushi bar reeked of intense odor and he was too scared to touch it.  We had several plates of salad bar when the food was found to be profoundly sub-par.  We won't go back... and I pray like heavens we do not get sick...
4	I can rate this 4 stars because I don't go into the bathrooms.  I have gone into them.  about a year and a half ago. There is a new sushi bar.there is a "Mongolian style" section that you can create your own dish.My fav is the Peanut Butter Chicken
2	I don't know why when i find a great chinese buffet they sooner or later start to disappoint me. I do LOVE the walnut shrimp and one of my very favorite things to eat is crab ragoon but i have to say this item has gone way down hill. They are now so dry and the texture is gritty, i had to spit it out. I was just waiting for them to try to charge me extra for wasting food but it was not edible in my opinion. One of my favorite places was China One and they are now closed, lets hope this place does not follow but they need to do better.
1	They get one star only because I can't go any lower horrible horrible food I definitely can't understand how they are still open
3	Great price, but the food is certainly not as good as other buffet such as Journey, not much choices especially for the sushi.
