4	I enjoyed this place quite a bit, easy to find and easy-going.  I enjoy vinegar based sauces and that's what was on the table, one with a bit more mustard in it than the other one."Separate Ways" by Journey started playing when I went to the bathroom, that was pretty cool.  The ribs are spicy, and I approve.
4	MAc's is great for all kinds of bbq and beer.  The pork bbq is great, and the brisket is supposedly the best around.  The sides are also yummy- the baked beans are awesome and the macaroni is pretty good.  They also offer over a hundred bottled beers, and a few micro brew's on tap.  This place gets really busy in the evenings with patron bikers and neighborhood yups, but don't be worried the atmosphere is great.  Sit outside at the picnic tables if the weather is nice.Update:  I went recently and had the bbq chicken and it was awesome!
3	There are plenty of places where you can go to eat barbecue, but I have to say that I'm not sure that you'll be able to find as many where you can eat quite as many varieties of barbecue.  You can get just about any type you want here, from beef (brisket) to pork to ribs to chicken.  You get sauces on the dishes of course, and you get more on the table, so you should be set no matter what you like.At Mac's they serve things other than barbecue, but the barbecue is definitely the special.  They also serve burgers, and you can "create your own" by adding not just cheese, but all sorts of fixings to satisfy whatever craving you might have.  They serve salads at Mac's, but let's face it - you're not here for a salad.The appetizers will probably make your mouth water just by reading the menu.  Make sure you order up a basket of hush puppies.  If you are the type who just likes to munch on things while you wait, grab a full dozen instead of a half dozen - mostly because you could be waiting a while.  Lunch time at Mac's is likely to be busy and you might be waiting a while, not just for service, but for the food to arrive, and it is nice to have something to eat in the interim.Most of the items on the menu come with a choice of sides (the number of sides vary with your choice), and these shine as well.  Make sure you - or someone at your table - gets the Macaroni and Cheese, because it is just awesome.  Nothing from a box here, this is the real deal.  You rarely have a chance to eat like this.There are three downsides to Mac's.  One is that it can get busy.  That can actually go either way, so you might not think it's a bad thing.  Two is that the service isn't very good.  It can be very nice for a couple of minutes and then you won't see anyone for half an hour.  Three is that it's a bit pricey.  Maybe not overall, but when you consider what you're paying for a burger, it's on the high side.  Thus, a lower score than they might get otherwise.  If they can work on the service, it would help the other issues considerably.
4	Mac's is great. I found everything to be very good: onion rings, macaroni and cheese, and greens.  The other member of my party had the beef BBQ sandwich and it was very good as well!  I will go back!
5	I went here twice during my stay in Charlotte, two nights in a row. The portions make Big Macs look like tapas. Truly enormous. But they don't sacrifice quality for style--the BBQ was tender and juicy. I thank the previous reviewers for recommending the hush puppies. They were among the best I've ever had. And the mac and cheese was yummy, if a tad greasy. Their beer list is extraordinary--scores of beers from all over the world. And very reasonably priced. The only place I've been with more selection is the Brickskeller in Washington, DC. Interestingly, the first night I went there the Tar Heels were playing in March Madness, so the place was packed. The second night, the place was fairly empty. Both nights we received truly excellent service... quick and attentive, which made me happy after reading reviews from other yelpers. I must say, however, I'm extremely disturbed by the most popular style of motorcycle helmet in NC. It looks like an old shell helmet from WWII or Korea. It seems just as effective to put a strainer on your head with a chin strap. Certainly not terribly effective. Does anyone care to help me understand? I took my boss here and it further endeared me to her. Thanks, Mac! Parking can be a little difficult.
5	This place is absolutely amazing, I've been several times and I have yet to find an entre that I don't love.  Their banana pudding is also well worth saving some room for.This is a great place, but you do have to wait for a while on weekends.
5	Mac's is definitely the best bbq in Charlotte, perhaps in North Carolina. They do everything well, be it food, service, atmosphere or beer selection.  Starting with the food, big portions and phenomenal flavors. Their pulled pork is outstanding, their brisket is as good are better than any in the country and the ribs great. They make great sides - I'm a big fan of the bean casserole, mac & cheese and their Chopper salad. Service is great. What really puts them over the edge is their flexibility and proactivity. We were there one day with 3 kids under 5 in age and the owner came out and helped find a great spot outside for us. Then took the time to interact and play with the kids. The place is always busy so expect to wait if you go at lunch or dinner time. Outdoor seating is great. During fall and winter they have propane heaters and provide warmth. There's a very eclectic crowd, from bankers to bikers, everyone is welcome.I can't recommend it enough! GO GET SOME Q!
4	Most of their bbq is excellent...I grew up in Oklahoma, so you can trust me when I say...the brisket is definitely not up to par.  Pulled pork and ribs are very good, though.  There's quite a bit of seating both in and outside, but every time I'm there (and I go quite a bit) there's hardly ever anyone to take your name down for a table.  It always creates confusion at the door, especially since there's not much room to stand around and wait.  Also, the waitresses have been hit or miss...a couple of them are always fast and as sweet as can be...there are a few that are always worthless...then, there are some that you just never know.  The big deal for me, though, is they have every beer under the sun available!!!All in all, a very good lunch spot with TONS of beers available for after work and weekends.  Definitely give it a try and I'd bet you'll be going back for more!!
4	Really great place to eat. They have a good beer menu, and almost all their food is very tasty. A major problem for lunch is parking. If you don't get there early you'll most likely have to park down the street on a backstreet behind the restaurant. A full parking lot doesn't necessarily mean you'll have to wait though, they just have a poorly designed parking lot.I suggest the baked wings, not many places do wings baked, and these are really fantastic here.
5	good bbq knows no boundaries. mac's is one of the few places where you'll find leather-clad harley types mixing it up with blue oxford khakied bankers. i don't make it out here that often, so when i do it's hard to decide what to order. this visit it was the beef brisket sandwich with a side of hushpuppies. don't expect to be hand holding this sandwich. instead you'll find thick, juicy slabs of fatty steak-like brisket, slathered in a piquant tomato based sauce, over thick slices of toast. my h-puppies were fried gbd, and had good corn flavor. unfortunately this work-week lunch prohibited me from indulging in a cold pint, but big points for having some great belgians on the menu (including chimay and delirium). a must visit if you find yourself in the queen city.
3	This place was pretty good. I've been trying lot's of bbq places as my band tours across the country. Rudy's chain in Texas and New Mexico is awesome.  Wilson's in Tulsa, OK is great too. At Mac's, I tried the Texas beef brisket platter with mac 'n cheese and hush puppies as sides. The beef brisket was good, but kind of fatty and not as moist or tasty as Rudy's. The mac 'n cheese side was bland, and the hush puppies were run of the mill. I stole half of my bandmate's side of green bean casserole. It was fantastic.  The pulled pork was pretty good too.The atmosphere was great, lots of outdoor seating. Service was great too although the food was about $4 or so overpriced. The food is definitely good for a return visit, although I'll probably try another place on my next pass through town.
5	As a soon to be transplant from NYC - take my BBQ knowledge/recommendations with a grain of salt.  We've tried a bunch of the spots in Charlotte and Winston-Salem and Mac's is my favorite.  The food is excellent and for a heavy meal it is surprisingly fresh. I am a big fan of hush puppies and the ones here are some of my favorites.  The pulled pork sandwich is my usual choice and is a great value.  We usually spend under $20 on a big lunch here on our way to the airport and always shake our heads when the check comes and say "it's time to move!"
4	With a trip to Charlotte on the horizon, I called out to Yelpers for advice. Tony C. and others (but mostly Tony C.) came to my rescue. Noticing the recommendations started with barbecue, it was easy to see I would definitely have to enjoy some while on my trip down South.What I wasn't quite prepared for was how incredibly attached North Carolinians are to their barbecue joints. As I polled every single person I met in Charlotte on "where to go for the best bbq experience," I was met with a bevy of responses - and even stirred up a few fights! I really don't think I could count how many places people named for "the best barbecue if you could only choose one."Easy, fellas. There's enough 'cue for everybody. That said, I think it is extremely important to choose your atmosphere. All things being equal in the world of 'cue (at least for an inexperienced out-of-towner like myself), it really should come down to what type of atmosphere you'd like to combine with your wet nap. We will be using wet naps on this excursion, so roll up your sleeves. Tony C. had recommended Mac's for "not super traditional, but very good" BBQ, and Bill Spoon's for traditional Eastern NC-style BBQ enjoyed minus the frills (alongside the old timers at picnic tables with zero atmosphere and no credit cards accepted). Most people I talked to had heard of or had been to Mac's, and had enjoyed it, so I figured it was the "safe bet". After reading Rick P.'s review of Mac's I was soooo ready to enjoy a brisket sandwich with my side of hush puppies (which is exactly what I did). This was a short trip, so I really could only choose one 'cue joint. As I drove up to Mac's I noticed the parking lot is packed and overflowing into a dirt lot next door. Construction workers, moms, Uptown business men, and all other walks of life were viewed pouring into the place. The Harleys parked out front were a bit deceiving, because I expected to find more bikers inside. Instead, I found Mac's to be mostly full of khaki-panted business men wearing ties, and groups of plump women laughing and talking with a sweet Southern drawl. The atmosphere felt like a Chili's or a T.G.I. Friday's with a "biker theme". I guess not as many bikers want to attend their own theme restaurant. Either that, or I wasn't there at an appropriate time to see Harley Hogs enjoying some hog. Yikes, sorry for the painfully bad play on words.Because the place was packed, we choose to sit on one of approximately 10 picnic tables out on the heated patio. I would have probably had a more well-rounded experience having sat inside with all the loud conversation and music, people-watching. However, the patio was calm and comfortable: a perfect place for undivided appreciation of Mac's food. This seating arrangement probably made it more akin to Bill Spoon's anyway, so maybe I got the best of both worlds. I could eat at a picnic table but still use my Yankee debit card.My brisket (as Tony C. had warned) was slightly dry. But I think I had come a little too late in the lunch rush for fresh 'cue. I won't make the same mistake again twice. However, my husband's pork sandwich was amazing, as were my side of green bean casserole and of course, the hush puppies. I have to say I laughed out loud when they sat the brisket sandwich down in front of me. It's the size of a horse, and definitely should not be picked up.Because the portions are so huge, we even had enough of the pork to take with us on the plane. Sorry to the fellow airline passengers who we made drool upon opening our Mac's takeout container. By the time we ate the leftovers, the BBQ had taken time to settle in, and the juices and smell were enough to make us want to plan another trip to Charlotte very, very soon.
2	Tuesday night, 7:30pm.  No one spoke to us when we came in, so we seated ourselves, which appeared to be what everyone else was doing, and then it took over 10 minutes for a server to come to our table.  Then we were delivered the wrong beer with our drinks.  Now mind you, I always give places several tries but tonight it seemed like destiny waved her hand and made it impossible for us to enjoy ourselves even though we were by no means in a rush and had waited for the right day and time to check it out.  The pork sandwich was just so-so, as were the hush puppies.  The Brunswick stew was the best thing all evening, too bad it comes in a tiny cup.  But the mac n cheese had no salt and the dinner salad was overpowered by cayenne.  The barstools and small tables keep turnover high because nobody can sit in them for very long.  So you'd expect a little more attention to basic details for the limited duration you'll be there.  But now I know why places like Hooters are still around.  They greet you when you walk in the door and they get your drink order correct and fast, no matter how crowded the dining room becomes.  I don't particularly like Hooters but those two details go a very long way.  I'll give Mac's another shot but the first attempt was very low on the customer service scale.Tip: If it's the least bit crowded, don't sit near the windows.  Servers seem to neglect the wall and pay attention only to tables nearest the walkway.  By design the setup makes it hard for them to get to everyone.  But this place is definitely popular.  They could double the size of the dining room and still keep it as full, if they could keep everyone happy.  Aye, there's the rub.
5	Thunderously awesome.  $2.50 Yuenglings(which I can't get west of the Alleghenies...) within 2 pages of a beer list, and great BBQ.  I had the pulled pork.  The only dissapointment was the hush puppies which were rock hard.  Luckily I could slather them in Honey butter.  When I go, I will try the "little bit of eveything" which is all the meats and choice of 2 sides.  The prices are unbelievable, especially to a Chicagoan.
4	I'm not a big fan of BBQ, but I love Mac's! The atmosphere -- a biker bar -- is fantastic for a great fun, casual evening out with friends. I've had some of my best experiences at biker bars -- first in Chicago, and now here in Charlotte. Although there are a lot of bikers who frequent Mac's, it's not just for bikers; it's a mix of people of all walks of life, where all are welcome. The menu is "fun," and you'll find a lot of interesting items available that most restaurants don't offer. Deviled eggs for an appetizer, anyone? The pulled pork is very flavorful and the multiple side items from which you can choose to accompany your meal are tasty too (I recommend the green bean casserole and mac & cheese!). And, on top of all that, you won't find a better domestic and international beer selection anywhere...and value-priced! I've been able to try some beers I've never heard of before and get to try something new each and every time! And while later at night, it may not be for kids, it was fun to take three kids there and sit outside on the picnic tables for an early evening meal. They enjoyed it as much as we adults did.
4	This place is cool.  Big beer selection, but not a lot off of draft.  I'm a draft guy.  The BBQ is pretty good.  Not the absolute best pulled pork I've ever had, but pretty good.  They do have the best mustard BBQ sauce I've ever had.  The ribs are a bit weird.  They taste more like bacon than rib.  Don't get me wrong - i love bacon.  But, i want more smoke I guess.  I'll be back.  Solid BBQ.
5	The best place to eat BBQ in Charlotte, great food (pulled pork is lean and not drowning in broth), red sauce has a nice kick, beer selection the best and bartenders are great.  I have only been to the S Blvd location...like 50 times.  I have not tried the Cornelius one yet but plan to soon (closer to home).  Prices are reasonable and the crowd is bikers to businessmen.  Downsides to S. Blvd location: always crowded and hard to find parking.
5	Largest combo platter I've ever had at a BBQ joint and I've had many.  The half rack of ribs was bigger than some places full rack.  At only $20 for a large combo platter, it's also one of the cheaper "a little of everything" BBQ meals.  I couldn't believe the pile of meat that showed up on my table.  And unlike other BBQ joints where the sides come in dixie cups, the sides at Mac's came out on a completely separate full sized dinner plate.  The brisket was amazing.  It had a delicious tangy, smokey taste.  The pulled pork was some of the best I've had.  Chicken and ribs were also very good.  And the red BBQ sauce on the table was phenomenal.  I put a little extra on everything, even though it didn't need it.  And I washed it all down with delicious sweet tea.  After eating for an hour, we still couldn't fit all the leftovers in our take out box.  Our server forgot to bring our chicken wings.  But with so much food we actually thanked her for forgetting.  She was very nice about it and even though we weren't upset at all she gave us a very considerable discount on our bill.  I will definitely return to Mac's on my next visit to Charlotte.
4	"Mac Daddy (with a Side of Cheese)"Mac's has a biker bar pedigree.  If you don't know, they'll tell you.  Harley signs and pictures of motorcycles are everywhere, and some of the waitstaff go a little too far out of their way to demonstrate their indifference as far as customers go.  This isn't to say that Mac's doesn't have street cred, though.  About half of the clientel were wearing some biker gear (bike logo t-shirts, biker boots, chaps, etc.), and there are motorcycles lined up outside, waiting to carry their BBQ-stuffed owners home.Our waitress, Kathy, was cool, and the food was really, really good.  The pulled pork can't be beat, and the people in Buffalo would be nervous if they tasted these wings.And then there's the beer selection.  I can only think of a handful of places in the entire country that have this broad a selection (Chimay?  Abita?  Pabst?)If Mac's were a little less self-aware of its biker-ness, I'd give it 5 starts.  But based on the food, beer, and (some) service alone, the Fonz says, "Aaaa".
4	This was the first meal I went out to eat while on my road trip south. My high school friends who recently relocated to Charlotte took me to Mac's for an early birthday lunch. Everybody else appeared to be there on their lunch breaks, so we sort of looked out of place being that we'd just rolled out of bed. Everybody was in a great mood and both the customers and staff were really friendly. I know people in Charlotte are probably used to that, but to a NY born, Boston living gal like me, it's a pleasant surprise.We sat at a big picnic table outside. If you don't like to make friends with strangers, you should probably stick to eating inside, because outside they place as many parties as they can fit at each large table. (I believe they can hold 6 - 8 each.)The first thing that blew my mind was the beer list (I think they said they had 180???) Next, I was blown away by the prices of the beer! $3 for a Hoegaarden?!? My, I love the south. I was also amused by the fact that the section of the menu for canned beers was labeled "If you take it in the can..." but that's because I have the sense of humor of a 13 year old boy.Next up, appetizers. My friend Lilly introduced me to Hush Puppies, and I'm glad she did. I mean, honestly, you could fry a shoe and I'd probably eat it, but I doubt it would taste this good. They came with butter, but I was more interested in drizzling BBQ sauce all over them. Lots of firsts on this day, and this was my first time having Carolina BBQ. I was surprised by how vinegar-ish it tasted, but it was definitely enjoyable. Had some real kick to it, too.For the main course, we were all in the mood for pulled pork. My friends went for the sandwich and I got the platter, with a spicy salad and green bean casserole on the side. Now, I've said before that I'm not a really picky eater and that the total experience at a restaurant frequently shapes my opinion more than just the food, but I certainly know when something tastes extra good. The salad was super fresh, and the spicy dressing was great. If I wasn't so full already, I probably would have asked for a bucket of the green bean casserole. And the pork was delicious. Soft, tasty, and I drenched it in tons of BBQ sauce (it's my favorite condiment!)This was the perfect way to kick off my Quarter Life Crisis Road Trip!
3	So perhaps if I ordered something a little more BBQ-ish I wouldn't have a low review.This is why I'm reserving only 3 stars and not lower or higher...but I got a black beanburger.  Which, was not BAD, but was also not the best.  I've had some mean black bean burgers in my time and this wasn't one of them.  But, the salad was good - came with bacon pieces, they didn't have italian dressing so I had to go with Ranch.Also got some hushpuppies which were mighty fine but most hush puppies are.
3	Maybe I just like NC style bbq, but I am not that impressed by this place after dining 3 times.  The mac'n'cheese is great, but everything else is so-so.  I'd rather go to a "real" NC style place to get my bbq fix, but the masses that want non vinegar bbq would probably like Mac's more than I did.
4	Would you like some sass with that pulled pork sandwich? You're going to get it--and love it. This fast-paced biker bar is a BBQ staple of Charlotte that caters to as mixed a company as you'll ever see around seasoned road warriors. And get there early as Mac's indoor and outdoor spaces get packed...unless you want to see the bikes, then come and enjoy your wait.When choosing your grub, stick to the BBQ, it's what they do best. Chicken, pork, brisket, just writing about it is making me drool on the keyboard. And with a varied mix of sides: collards, Texas toast, and hush puppies (a personal favorite) your plate and stomach will be in hog heaven.The only problem comes when deciding on what to have to wash it all down--Mac's has an enormous list of worldly beers--150 to be exact. I say try them all just so long as you eat plenty of hush puppies to soak up the brew before you drive home.
4	A good staple and have been here twice; tonight being the second time. I shared a sampler plate with someone and I am so glad that I did because the portions are large (so, for those that appreciate larger portions, take note). I prefer quality over quantity though and this place does have good quality.Tonight the chicken wings (mustard sauce) were amazing. The interesting thing about the wings here is that they are not fried. To me non-fried wings are always interesting and they are especially interesting when you can find such a thing in the South!The ribs were also extremely good. They were probably my favorite tonight.Service was prompt and extremely friendly too!
5	I've been here  about 5 times now and everything here is awesome.  The Food, The Beer, and the Staff.  Everything comes out timely (in an open kitchen for all to see) even though it is ALWAYS crowded in there.  The food is AMAZING...I've never been disappointed by the quality and taste here.  The staff is friendly and easy on the eyes.  The beer selection is PHENOMENAL.  There are beers there that i've never heard of, and I consider myself somewhat of a beer nerd.  Just ate a half-sized "beer can chicken" basted with chipotle wing sauce with two sides of green beans...damn, that was delicious.  The mac & cheese is famous here as well.  Go here!
3	I found the Q to be quite flavorless.  Must be cooked with gas.  Good place to drink and people watch though.
5	Based solely on lunch, this place takes the cake. Their bbq is top notch, & their sides don't disappoint. The parking lot will always be filled with Harley's, but this is by no means a biker bar. I've only tried the bbq & was impressed, & I'd suggest ordering the side items that state "till they last"...these never disappoint.They have a lot of seating, with a pretty large outdoor patio, so you'll never have to wait long for a table at lunch. The only hassle is with the parking, because if you don't find a space in their small lot, expect to park a good bit down the road. Mac's is a definite lunch or dinner visit & the food seems to have everyone coming back for more.
2	Well, I was going to give them 3 stars due to the great beer selection(all in bottles)  but the more I thought about the food, the more I was reminded of my disappointment.After all the hype and hearing from the locals that this was the place to go for BBQ, I just have to say that I feel sorry for the folks here that haven't experienced REAL BBQ.Here's the run down:The good: The waitress was cute and somewhat attentive.  They have a fantastic beer selection in bottles(very little draft) and I mean it is huge, I was in beer lovers heaven.The appetizers and sides were really good (nachos, hush puppies, chili, onion rings, chicken fingers)The Bad:   Parking sucksThe Ugly:  Their BBQ is a great disappointment.  The beef brisket was dry and flavorless, I felt like I was biting into some soft beef jerky.  The ribs were just plain bland.  The chicken was mediocre and the pulled pork was just plain crappy, talk about dry and tasteless, I had to add a ton of sauce(also not the greatest) to make it palatable.  oh, i can't forget, don't get the mac and cheese either, it was nothing great, my niece actually turned her nose up at it and shes a mac and cheese freak!The short of it, this is a great place to meet a few friends, have some beer and appetizers, then go somewhere else for dinner.What's amazing is how highly the locals feel about this place, my brother-in-law was given a ration of shit from his pals that had recommend this place when he told them it sucked!  Come on!  There truly is better, you are being deprived!  If you look hard enough, you will be amazed at the flavors you will find!Ok, maybe we just happened to go when the cooks were having a bad night.  But I won't be going back to find out.
4	Great place to take friends and family from up north when you want to "wow" them with good southern BBQ.  The BBQ & sides are delish and there is a huge beer menu to choose from.  If not sure what to get - try the small combo platter.  Gives you a bit of everything (and it is alot of food so be hungry when you go)  The place has that type of feel where bikers go but now the yuppies have found it.
4	Great beef (non-North Carolina) style bbq. Awesome beer selection. One of my favorite places to drink, grub and watch some sports. Their waitstaff is also easy on the eyes which doesn't hurt either.
3	You'll find some bikers inside and their motorcycles waiting loyally outside. But Mac's is definitely more of a yuppie BBQ joint than biker bar. Mac's serves up great barbecue and the requisite mac and cheese and other unhealthy sides. But southerners often suggest you try Bill Spoon's or another spot for true Carolina barbecue. I particularly like the beer can chicken. You can order it with certain sauces or get it dry and add your own - either the vinegar-based or tomato-based sauce. Get the side salad with blue cheese dressing. It comes with crumbled blue cheese and bacon bits! They've got an extensive beer selection, which is always a plus.It's loud, crowded and generally uncomfortable since most seats are at high tables with bar stools. Sometimes the wait for a table is long, especially on Panthers game days or during big events like Speed Street. Parking there is also pretty frustrating. There is a tiny lot, and diners end up packing their cars in the alley and nearby side streets.
3	Mac's, Mac's, Mac's....my friends absolutely love this place and insist that we go often, so I have been here several times whether I want to or not.  I do enjoy some of their food...mostly the side dishes and the homemade daily Brunswick Stew that is really yummy.  The green bean casserole is also tasty and so are their hushpuppies.  I think their BBQ is a little overrated though.  The ribs were really oily and the brisket was dry.  All in all, not a great combo.  The beer selection is outstanding, however.  But, if you are looking to experience a real biker bar, look somewhere else.  Mac's is about 30% biker and 70% frat boy/hot girl/yuppie.  The BBQ isn't NC authentic and neither is the clientele, but I have definitely been to worse.
5	What more can I say about Mac's that hasn't already been said? How about this: it's probably my favorite place in town. If you want some authentic North Carolinian BBQ, Mac's is where you should head. If you have friends in town who aren't from NC and you want to show them a fun time, come to Mac's. I swear, I don't work here or have a financial interest in the place. Promise. The BBQ is awesome. Go with the meat-and-three (as explained elsewhere). I always get the pulled pork, mac n' cheese (best in town perhaps), the collards, and deviled eggs. The food just keeps on coming, and it's not expensive, so prepare to leave Mac's about 20 pounds heavier. Make sure to sauce your food up with at least one of the two options available. You won't regret either of those. Cool place to have a meal--outdoor picnic bench seating if you want it, tv-studded indoor area, motorcycles galore outside. Truly an experience. You'll definitely go back.
4	After writing a review about a BBQ chain restaurant Red Hot & Blue that has a location in Pittsburgh, I started thinking back to the best barbeques I've ever had. Two stand out - Mac's Speed Shop in Charlotte, NC and Jack's in Nashville, TN. It's been a few months since I've eaten at Mac's, but I think my memory will serve me right.Mac's is, so I've been told, authentic North Carolinian BBQ. It's not the same as southern BBQ, nor is it the same as Kansas City BBQ, for those who know the difference. Like all good BBQ places, they have their own versions of BBQ. I forget which one it is, but one of them was really good. (helpful, right?)II had the Beef Brisket ignoring one of my dining friends' warning that it was fatty. Little did he know that I love my beef brisket marbled! It was pretty good, just the right amount of fat for me, which is usually too much fat for a normal person. So, that was both my plug and my warning to those of you who would consider ordering the brisket. I also tried the pulled pork, which was really moist and tasty. If you're undecided about the brisket now, you won't go wrong with the pulled pork. Better yet, order a combo platter and taste it all. As for the sides, I think Mac's does it right. The top two sides are Hush Puppies and the Mac and Cheese. Beer. If you like beer, you will like the Mac's beer list. They have a lot of beers both on tap and bottled. As for the biker image, yes, Mac's Speedshop is supposed to be some big biker joint. Roll up on your Harley's and eat some bbq like real tough men (and women). Inside the restaurant is just like an old converted garage, like many themed restaurants. This one isn't any better or worse, but it's nothing to really mention one way or the other. The night I was there, it really did just seem like young 20/30-somethings out drinking with their friends in t-shirts, maybe button downs for those who strut the work look, and jeans. I didn't see any leather jackets, but i could have just gone on a non-biker day. Either way, it's BBQ tough enough for bikers, enjoyable by all.
3	Every time I drive past Mac's around lunch hour, it's packed. I decided to skip the crowd and go on a weekend. The decor is casual, warm, hip and energetic. The story goes that it was once a auto repair building, now turned restaurant. It's spacious, but they try to pack as many people in there as possible. They have the usual burgers, sandwiches and BBQ. I ordered a small pulled pork sandwich with onion rings. Both were solid. While the mac and cheese seems to be a favorite, this was not too long after a Thanksgiving dinner overloaded with too much good eating and too much mac and cheese, so I opted to pass. Our server, moved quickly, smiled and was on top of clearing and delivering the check. My pulled pork sandwich was pretty good. I'm still getting used to this whole pulled pork sandwich thing, so I'm probably not the best judge of this stuff.  The onion rings were thick, well-battered and crisp.  All in all, not a bad lunch spot and worth a second visit.
4	Must go if you ever go to Charlotte, as much for the atmosphere as for the food. Our server prompted my friend to say to her "You're so pretty, I can't understand anything you just said". BBQ wasn't anything earthshattering, but good.A side note: if you have more than 2 people in a cab in Charlotte, EACH additional person is TWO DOLLARS ($2!!)
4	Mac's calls itself a biker bar, which it isn't quite.  The atmosphere inside is cool with high tables and stools and there are interesting quotes and music to listen to (definitely not biker music).  I ordered the pulled BBQ pork small and had more than enough food to eat.  I also got the green bean casserole and Brunswick stew both of which were great.  As an appetize we also got hushpuppies with honey butter.  The hushpuppies are quite delicous and I could have probably eaten the whole plate.  The had two different sauces to choose from and I used the spicer one.  I don't know if this was the best BBQ I've ever had but it was sure good!  Also the place was packed so be prepared to rub shoulders with your fellow diners.
4	Great BBQ spot in Charlotte!  I love the brisket sandwich to death! Be sure you give yourself enough time for lunch though, there is always a line out the door.
4	I must start with the disclaimer that I'm from Massachusetts so by no means am I BBQ authority.  But... the brisket was delicious and the mac 'n cheese is divine.  Two thumbs up!
4	This place is definitely fun. Like an upscale biker bar. That doesn't mean food is pricey at all. Generous helpings and good sides. Mac's is a good Charlotte staple.
4	I really like it here.  It's a lot of fun, and the food is really yummy.  It's fun to see grandmas and bikers hanging out in one place.  The picnic tables out front are a great place to get a beer, and there are a lot of beers to choose from.  I am not a big pork eater, so I can't really comment on the barbecue stuff, although the people I am with always rave about it.  I actually had a great veggie burger - there are tons of toppings to choose from.  I also ended up eating my son's mac and cheese and it was amazing!   We have been taking out of town visitors here, and they all enjoy it.
5	one of the BEST pulled pork sammies EVAH.  the lil pig will do since the big pig was quite piggy.  won't even talk about the mac daddy.exactly what you'd expect from a down home bbq place.  with real bikers & everythin.  note the rules:no cigars, no colors, no patchesfirst time there so we covered off on some key sides:hush puppies - not too heavy, tasty corn goodnessmac & cheese - nice crusty topgreen bean casserole - fried onion thingies on top were mushed in.  otherwise felt a tad bit healthierdeviled eggs - lucifer would be proudcollards greens - a bit salty but still goodwings - they came plain but i think it's bc we ordered them that way.  nice sauces...like the mustard best.  teriyaki rice rocket was a little sweet and i'm too weak to have fully drenched the bird in the hot version.
4	Great bar, beer selection is one of the best in town.  Food is good, but not great.
5	BBQ Pork sandwich is very good portions are monstrous. The brisket is quite good and the smoked wings are better than any wing I've ever had.Have yet to find a side or a main course that is not an 'A' or 'A+' prices are very reasonable.
4	When I first went to this place, I thought it was a little over-rated but over the years, I've come to enjoy the food and atmosphere.  Service is usually a little slow but friendly enough.  The food is served in pretty big portions and the prices are okay because of that reason.I doubt anything you eat here will be mind-blowing but you won't complain.  It's just a cool spot to hang out and people watch.
2	The beer selection was incredible and the atmosphere was interesting. But, the food left a lot to be desired. I think that the beef brisket I ordered was precooked, frozen, and then reheated. It was cut in small symmetrical strips and reminded me of those fake chicken breast you get frozen with the grill lines already in them. The others in our party of four were equally unimpressed.
4	Co-workers and I got stuck in I guess what is called Steele Creek, NC (right outside Charlotte) on our way a trade show in Atlanta and stumbled upon this place while trying to find a place that was open and still serving. Hard to miss this place at night as they usually have *live music *and is the only place to go late night without going to a strip club. Didn't eat but their beer list was very extensive and more than satisfied our needs. Wait staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable on their wide selection.  Jeff the manager knows how to treat his guests and wont hesitate to talk to you. First place where I've seen a Patron machine.If I ever end up in this area (hopefully not anytime soon) I will definitely make this the place to nd my night.
4	One of my colleagues is a big fan of this place and it was his turn to choose lunch, so here we went. This time, a big party - 9 - and we were seated outside. Drinks orders were taken by the attentive waitress who came back with the drinks and took lunch orders.I chose the Absolutely Ridiculous BLT and I was sincerely impressed with the size! Plenty of romaine lettuce and tomato and of course, thick bacon on toasted sourdough with mayo. A side of really good macaroni and cheese (though not as good as my own homemade) filled the plate. I added a little of their table BBQ sauce to the sandwich which made it a little messy. Good sweet tea.The waitress did an amazing job of organizing the checks and refilled drinks often. She also quietly picked up the plates so we could hang and chat for a bit. Very good service! For $12.50 including tip, a little expensive for lunch, but it was good food. I'll be back!
5	Great food, fun atmosphere, affordable, plenty of inside and outside seating, great beer list, there are tons of reasons to love this place. A must-visit place in Charlotte.
5	I love Mac's!  I am there every Wednesday night for bike night with the other 100+ bikers!  Very fun environment, it is noisy but with as many fans are trying to pack into the place it is understandable.  The BBQ is great, the beer selection is unheard of, and the mac and cheese is to die for!  Nothing like hearing a big burly biker order a side of mac and cheese! ;)5 stars!!!!
2	The food at this place is shockingly overrated. Populated by a bunch of aging HOG members who like to pretend they are gangsters on Friday and Saturday nights. Nothing wrong with that but the food is honestly pretty bad. Fun atmosphere though which is the draw. It's really a great bar but a mediocre restaurant.
2	Having grown up in North Carolina, I've had lots of Barbecue (and I also smoke my own), so I feel I can adequately judge the quality of BBQ.I probably went on an "off day" or at an odd hour (4pm), but this particular BBQ sandwich was not what I would recommend to my friends and family.  In particular, the sandwich was clearly overcooked and lacked any sort of flavor typical of NC BBQ.  This likely is because they do not cook their barbecue long and slowly enough.  I will say that supplementing the sandwich with the sauce on the table improved the taste slightly, but overall I was disappointed.  If you haven't tried NC barbecue I would hesitate to make this your first experience, as you may walk away disappointed unnecessarily.The hushpuppies were typical of North Carolina and the Mac and Cheese (which resembled a casserole) was good.  The "biker bar" atmosphere was interesting, with large HD TV's perfect for football watching (why it gets 2 stars).
2	I had high hopes for the bbq here, but I guess getting the texas brisket was the wrong choice.  The flavors of the suace were good, but the brisket itself was tough, overcooked, dry and kind of a dissapointment.  The green bean casserole was really good though?
5	OMG.This place is phenomenal. Watching Sunday afternoon football we indulged in three different orders of wings, hush puppies, and onion rings. The quality of everything was OUTSTANDING.As an Atlantan, I expected something similar to Taco Mac or Buffalo Wild Wings. No way. This a sports bar that you go to FOR THE FOOD!Our server was extraordinarily helpful. We ordered as we would in Atlanta (wings + 1 side per person). She recommended we reduced the number of sides. Portions here are definitely huge. From the size of the wings to the plethora of sides. I don't know how they keep the quality up with this level of volume.I'm willing to drive 3.5 hours for this restaurant. And to see my Charlotte friends :-p
4	5 Stars for food.  2 stars for service.
3	Great beer selection including "high octane" beers. Had BBQ Pulled Pork which was acceptable, but nothing special. Fresh, tasty apple pied for dessert.
5	Went a couple of weeks ago after about a 2-month hiatus from this South Blvd location.  Noted some changes and inquired about them.  Yep, these are updates to create consistency in experience, which is a welcomed change as the quality had been dropping.  Changes..., well there are no more ketchup bottles for the sauces.  Now, labeled bottles with capped closures are the norm.  Also gone, are the stale buns I had been receiving.  The employees even seem friendlier!  With these changes / improvements, Mac's can now stay on as my favorite barbeque-bar experience.  Thanks for caring Mac's!!!
4	Wow! This place is amazing!!! I went out to visit my parents who just moved to Lake Wylie. When they were house hunting I gave them a list of restaurants to check out since I'm a Yelper. This was at the top of the list since the reviews were so positive. They loved it and brought me here when I visited this past Christmas.It was night when we got there and so I can't say too much for the outside since I didn't see it. When you walk in, it has the feel of a hole in the wall biker bar with nice TV's all over to watch the games on. We sat at one of the high tables on the opposite side of the patio. My only real complaint was the seating. The tables are pretty close together and you have to be very aware of who's behind you so you can avoid hitting them. I ordered the Kansas City Style Beef Rib. Sorry Texas, but Carolina has you beat in BBQ. I like the vinegar base BBQ sauces better. I was expecting a slab of ribs but instead got the biggest rib I've ever seen in my life. It was definitely fatty, but that adds to the flavor and the tenderness. For my sides I got the Mac'n Cheese and Fresh Slaw. Both were incredible. I enjoy mac'n cheese but never crave it. However, I can see myself craving this mac'n cheese and not being satisfied until my next trip out to visit the padres. For coleslaw, I'm a huge fan of KFC's. I know it's crap quality, but I dig it. This coleslaw is better than KFC's. It's not bland like most I've had. Well done Mac's Speed Shop. You were amazing. Call me...
4	If you're looking for authentic BBQ I highly recommend Mac's. This biker bar place has some tasty pulled pork sandwiches. You get a lot to eat too! I love the jukebox sign that states they might cancel your selection if they don't like it (especially if you play rap or country!) on the internet jukebox. That made me laugh. They offer a large selection of beers on tap and a pretty large menu. Most of us got pulled pork sandwiches with your choice of two sides. They also bring hush puppies to the table so if you pick it as a side as well, you might have a lot of hush puppies to eat. Service was decent. If you are worried about the cold, don't, because there are heat lamps in the outdoor patio.
2	i'll come out and say it: I prefer KC BBQ. There's just something wrong with a sauce that is all vinegar and nothing else. And that's what you get at MSS.I had the BBQ Pork - should be a slam dunk, right? Nope - a little dry, not much smoke, and the aforementioned sauce. It didn't wow me and I love me some BBQ!Beer selection was great, but I've gotta review this place based on the 'cue.
2	Ok I think this place is highly overrated now.  I've been here twice and besides eating hush puppies, I couldn't really care more for this place.  I'm def not coming back here. The pork was incredibly dry, needed flavor, and the bbq ribs my friend had were sub par.  Heard from a friend that they don't make their bbq on spot, they have it outsourced from somewhere else which makes a whole lot more sense why it doesnt taste good.  Why this place is packed all the time? I have no frickin clue.
3	Mac's is a good spot for BBQ. Parking is atrocious and it takes a few times of parking in a Tow Away zone to become comfortable with it. That being said, I love that they have outdoor seating. It's really nice when it's cool/warm out. The service is good, though alot of the waitresses are like "girls with a bad attitude." They have a fairly large selection of beers. The BBQ sauce itself is alright / pretty good. I normally go for the Beer Can Chicken which is always moist and delicious (I don't use the BBQ). My boyfriend goes for the pork platter or sandwich, which is also good. He really likes one of the BBQs and hates the other. They have yummy fries, though I always go for the mac and cheese (which is probably my favorite in town) and collards greens because they make them the way I like them. You can also do a side salad which is like shredded iceberg - eeesh -  but good if you want something lighter. The hushpuppies are very tasty and once my dad ordered the deveiled eggs - he's so random - but those were quite the pleasant surprise! Is the food out of this world? ...no. But is it consistent?... yes.
3	The BBQs was nothing to write home about.  Too vinegary!  It would have to be phenomenal for me to gush over since I'm grew up in Texas and have had my fair share of awesome BBQ.  However, it was a cool place with that serve awesome hush puppies and yummy deep fried pickle chips with ranch dressing and iced cold beer.   Our waitress was not very friendly to me but was very nice to the the BF.   Perhaps she was just as bedazzled by his rugged handsome good looks and seductive brown eyes ...as I was.  =)
5	I love you Mac's. You saved the day. Having just finished up day two of a grueling athletic training weekend, I was tired and sore. And starving. A local took me to this place for dinner. Nothing sounded better than a cold beer. Their EXTENSIVE offering delivered (I mean Jeez-sus they have a lot of beer). I got the White Zombie Ale (courtesy of the Catawba Brewing Company - just one of the many NC beers featured) and would have polished it off in a hot minute had I not been with a guest. My stomach was rumbling for some serious fuel (protein!) and the BBQ here delivered! I got the brisket sandwich with a side of mac n cheese. The mac n cheese was to-die-for, had I not been simutaneously presented with a big-ole-plate-o-meat I would have just fallen face down into it. The brisket sandwich was two giant slabs of meat on some Texas toast. I ignored the toast (I prefer my carbs come from beer) and dug in. I have had some purty tasty BBQ in my day (worth noting I'm from Texas) and this was right up there in quality and taste.Last but not least, the Hush Puppies DELIVERED. This was a surprise treat we did not order but simply came to the table (a Carolina subsitute for the typical Texas complimentary chips and salsa?). Granted I haven't had a hush puppy in quite some time, but these were the best damn hush puppies I've ever had. I ate the whole basket...which is probably why I couldn't finish one slab of meat (which I pulled out of my purse the next day on the plane ride home and devoured, btw.)I should note I also tried a bite of my companion's pulled pork (perfect) and some fried pickles. The pickles are sliced in chips, not big long spears. Never had them that way but I enjoyed it. Especially since there is Tabasco or something in the batter. It was a bit early for dinner and totally crappy outside, but the place was packed regardless. I'll bet its always like that. It fits the bill for a number of occasions: A good game (TVs everywhere with March Madness), a date (cozy booths off to the side, cute high top bar tables in the center), a family dinner (prices were very reasonable!), a group outing (huge deck/patio outside), and of course, impressing out of towners with some Carolina BBQ! The friend that took my here is no longer allowed to return to his hometown in New Jersey without stopping at Mac's first for take out. I suggested to him he will now also be required to do so when he visits me....or maybe he can just ship me a couple hush puppies in an envelope every now and again?
4	Good place to go when you are hungry.  My favorite- Brisket sandwich.  Best I have had outside my home state of TX.  Fun atmosphere.
5	Best BBQ in town.  Kansas city beef ribs, hush puppies, and beer. Cleaned up bikers bar with great food. Love this place!
4	Good BBQ. Always good service despite always being crowded.Great people watching. There are lots of beers to choose from and something for everyone. The hush puppies and mac and cheese are standouts.
4	Came here to meet some family I hadn't seen for quite some time while we visited NC.  We sat outside, there was no wait  (weekday around 6) but there was a happy hour crowd kind of around our table that was very loud and combined with the loud music, this made it difficult for us to carry on our conversation.  They quieted down eventually, and it was much more pleasant sitting out there without the crowd noise.  The service was good, she was quick getting our beers which was nice as we went through several rounds!  I appreciated that they had a few different beers on tap, and I was pleasantly surprised to discover Tommyknocker, which comes from a smallish brewery in Colorado that is right around the corner from where I got married a few months ago.  Awesome!The hubby and I both wanted some variety, and we each ordered the little-of-everything bbq combo platter.  We could easily have shared this, especially since we were travelling and had no place to store the leftovers.  My cousin ordered one bbq dish which was also quite large, she didn't finish that either.  I don't have a very refined bbq palate but I did think that this was very good.  The mac and cheese was fine, the hush puppies were awesome.  I wouldn't exactly make this a destination if I were in Charlotte again, but I wouldn't turn down an invitation to eat here again.  Good experience overall with no major problems.
3	BEER + BIKES + BBQ. My 3 favorite B's. Had the brisket sandwich and let me tell you. North Carolina holds it down when it comes to their version of BBQ. Very underrated. Make sure you order a side of hush puppies they are an explosion in your mouth. Came during a Carolina Panthers game. Nearly everyone including the women had on D'Angelo Williams jerseys. (Might have seen one Jake Delhomme jersey) A dope spot for locals and visitors from out of town to catch a football game, drink some cold beer, eat some BBQ and pig out.
5	The best restaurant cheeseburger in Charlotte!You can get as many toppings on your burger at no extra cost! I was very satisfied with the size of the burger, and the portion on French fries I revived, I left completely satisfied.
4	I am a big fan of Mac's! It is not the usual bbq with lots of red sauce. It's more Carolina style with their vinegar based sauces. The beer selection is great and the hush puppies are addicting and so very delicious. My husband and I always go and share the small combo platter. Its affordable and MORE than enough food for the two of us, we can never even finish it. We got the chicken with the combo and one time and we will leave that out from now on, its just not that great. But everything else is very tasty. Love the pulled pork and their turkey is very flavorful as well. Also love their sides, the mac and cheese is a fave and those onion rings are great too. We tried to fried pickles recently as well and we will get those again. They have a nice kick and a lot of flavor. We do not visit many places more than one but this is one place we have been to several times and will continue to go.
4	I've always been a big fan of Macs.  The outdoor patio is great, nice beer selection, good food and love seeing all the bikes.  I will admit though that the food quality has seemed to dip over the past year but still a fun place to go.
4	Having moved to NY, I was back in Charlotte this past weekend and Mac's is still as good as it's always been...and I even attended the opening six years ago!  I had a pork plate with collards and a side Sonia's and my only complaint was that the Sonia's was overly drenched.  But let's be clear, I came for the pork and I gots the pork!  Service has never been friendly but I think that's intentional.  I think.  The whole biker bar thing was never really the schtick...it's usually a bunch of floppy haired preppy dudes like me.  Mac's is great...can't wait to be back.
4	As it was the first time here, i had to try a little bit of everything.  I got a small sampler, which was still way too much food.  I left off the smoked turkey, and went for the pork, pork ribs, chicken and brisket.  The chicken and the Brisket were the last things on my list and they were the best!  The brisket was sooooo moist!!  I love the sauce too, really tangy.I thought about getting two sides of slaw, but chose Mac and cheese instead-- good decision!!!  It was full of crispy bits of browned cheese.Beers are numerous, bottled and draft.  I opted for something draft i had never heard of and was quite pleased.
5	Our absolute favorite place to eat!!
4	I found this place to be pretty enjoyable.  I had the smoked chicken over the southwest salad.  Also had the wings with bbq sauce and the fried pickles.  Don't think I'd order those again, but the salad was definitely great.  It was a nice way to enjoy the bbq withough getting all weighed down with the heavy stuff.
4	Mac's Speed Shop is a biker bar that attracts a diverse audience due to the fantastic food. This is mostly a burgers and BBQ joint, but it's definitely not a traditional North Carolina BBQ place -- especially if you're looking for the eastern North Carolina pulled pork with vinegar-based sauce. They do have a pulled pork plate that a friend ordered and said was good, but it's not their focus.Not growing up in NC though, I appreciate a lot of other types of BBQ, so I was delighted to try this place out. I got ribs, while my dining companions got BBQ turkey plate, the pulled pork plate, and BBQ sandwich. I have to say that the ribs were good, but not the best I've ever had. The sauce was amazing, but they were a little tougher than I care for - I really want moist, tender ribs if I'm going to go through the mess of trying to eat them. But the mac and cheese side, and the french fries were both ridiculously good, as was the other stuff I tried of my companions. I was stuffed and very satisfied at the end. I am looking forward to going back and trying something else, probably the beef brisket. Mmmmm.
1	The best thing about Mac's is the beer selection.  Customer service is always a disaster.  They should forego the servers and make it self service.  We can walk up to the bar or to the food window just as well as any of their servers can and we'd probably have a better experience if we were taking care of ourselves.  Our food arrived before our drinks.  I don't know why it takes fifteen minutes to get a coke and a (screw top bottle) Yeungling.   It wasn't that busy but our server was handling tables both outside and inside which seems like a poor decision by management so I don't blame her.The pulled pork is bland.  It was helped a little by the bottled BBQ sauce at the table but you'd think it would have flavor on its own.  And the Brunswick stew, which I used to like, has gotten watery and greasy so I won't be ordering that again.  And don't try to order anything unique, like slaw on the side or no onions.  They'll get it wrong and it takes twice as long to fix it while they look at you like it's your fault.Final complaint is they say sandwiches come with one side but I've had to point this out to the waitress because they'll try to charge you for the sandwich and additionally for the side which is an extra $4, so watch your bill closely.  With the number of BBQ joints in town you'd think management would care a little more about customer service but in spite of themselves they're so popular they don't seem to give a you-know-what which is just sad...
4	Bikers, beer and barbecue - it's a trio of delicious fun at Mac's Speed Shop. The barbecue haunt is located directly on South Blvd., making it an easy stop for bikers and barbecue fiends alike. They have a great outdoor patio with umbrella covered benches. Inside, it's a good sized restaurant/bar with plenty of TVs to keep you occupied. Mac's staff has always been friendly and efficient, offering everything from beer suggestions to barbecue tips. I will note, however, that when they get busy it's hard to track down the servers. So, if you head over to Mac's on a busy afternoon, don't expect to get out of there in less than 45 minutes. Their beer selection is unparalleled - with a myriad of brews with differing alcohol contents and flavors. As for the 'cue, I always order the Little Pig - a sizeable platter filled with their renowned pork barbecue and two sides of your choice. I'm a big fan of their mac 'n cheese - it's super cheesy and tasty. Their pork barbecue is where Mac's really shines - it's flavorful (North Carolina vinegar-base sauce) and filling. Mac's definitely doles our sizeable portions for your money, too. While it's not the best barbecue I've ever had, it definitely cracks my top five. I'll definitely hit up Mac's in the near future for a huge stack of barbecue, a cold beer and a trough of mac 'n cheese.
3	I just wish that a $12 Dollar plate of bbq came with enough food for leftovers....Also, my service was not so great, I think we got our drinks after our food :(.  I can say it tasted great though...so that's why I gave it 3 stars!
5	Mac's is my favorite place for bbq in Charlotte. It is located only about 5 minutes outside of uptown on South Blvd and they are rockin!! I always start out with the wings as they are slow cooked and grilled, not fried! They are (in my opinion) the best wings in Clt. The bbq is their most popular menu item and the sandwiches come in different sizes... but beware... they are super filling! All of their side dishes are delicious, although the hush puppies were sort of bland. Go for the mac n cheese and green bean casserole.  Mac's has an excellent beer selection (most are in the bottle) and their stafff is always very welcoming, not to mention very pretty. ;) If you go for lunch get there early or later. If you show up between noon and 1 you may have to wait for a table. They have a ton of picnic tables outside on their patio but it can get very hot out there in the primetime of summer.  I personally visit Mac's Speed Shop every other week because the food is so delicious and consistent. It is a definite on a visitor's to do list or for someone who is a BBQ lover!
4	This place is casual and if I lived out here and had the time, probably a great place to spend happy hour.The beer selection is phenom! I had "The Poet" Oatmeal Stout and loved it. The bottle was super cool (ala "The Raven") and it was one of many rare finds. If you like beer, you'll find some great ones.The food was excellent. We got hot wings and though they weren't hot, they were decidedly some of the best chicken wings we had ever had. They were not fried and little but had been cooked over a grill (even had the marks) and were meaty. It was great.We all got combo plates which was too much food for any of us but a great way to sample 4 great meats. Sides are excellent. Collard greens and Cheddar grits for me.Go there, enjoy a casual biker vibe and stay for a  meal.
3	details: tuesday night around 7pm; sat at the barfood/drink: 1/2 chicken w/mac & cheese, brunswick stew, dozen wings drenched in vtx saucebeverage: zombie white drafti travel for work monthly & always ask for restaurant recommendations from locals.  i had heard great things about mac's from clients, the hotel & a few taxi drivers when i asked for good carolina bbq - so i figured why not?to be honest, i've had better bbq in texas & tennessee, HOWEVER there aren't many unique places to eat in uptown charlotte (maybe b/c i'm partly spoiled living in nyc).  with that said, this place was pretty solid.  i heard it referred to as a "biker bar" - hmmmm i guess??  it's definitely a dive type restaurant, but the clientele is anything but "biker".  it's less than a 10 minute cab ride from uptown (i came from the epicenter) & will run you ~$10-15 (warning: do not get schemed by cabbies down there!! i called one company & they were going to charge me $50).  there is outdoor & indoor seating & a full menu at the bar.beer selection is impressive (from sapporo to saltydog blueberry beer to $3 PBR tallboys) & the price is more than affordable.  i sat at the bar where there was unfortunately only 1 bartender.  he was semi-hustling to get around, but ignored me for 45 minutes easily.  it took 10-15 minutes to get a drink & at least another 30 minutes to get his attention (i was ready to order by the time he served my beer, but he quickly skedaddled & left me sadly hanging).  it was good that the food only took 10 minutes to get to us after placing the order, otherwise i might've started chewing on my knuckles.    now for the food: it was solid for sure.  they have 6 or 7 different sauces - i opted for the VTX chipotle sauce & was very happy.  i had a half chicken, all white meat, & the meal came w/2 sides. i had a side of mac & cheese (heard such great things about the mac & cheese but was disappointed. it was served cold & wasn't that tasty) & a side of the brunswick stew by recommendation of the bartender.  Prior to eating here, i didn't know what a brunswick stew was; i was not all that impressed with the stew - it was soup with meat & vegetables & a little spice. just a big fat OK for me.the chicken, however, was grilled & had that smoky taste.  very tender & the sauce was delicious.  i ordered the chicken "naked" but they gave me 2 bottles of mac's chipotle & mac's hot bbq sauce - both were yummy, but i preferred the chipotle.  the entree was $12 for a 1/2 chicken & 2 sides & i was stuffffffffffed after eating!for the price & bbq, i would definitely go back.  solid sauce, laid back atmosphere & well worth the cab ride out there to south end.
5	Best wings in Charlotte (according to my husband)This is an excellent place to take out of town guests.The collard greens and Mac and Cheese is yummy.The atmosphere is very casual. The beer selection is excellent (the prices are a little high- but they usually have specials). I'm grateful that I don't live near Mac's (or I would have a fat husband. He LOVES the place)
4	Mac's, you made me happy. This was my last stop in Charlotte, and my friends were talking it up all weekend long and I was happy to finally get to try it out. We sat outside which was tremendous, as the weather was beautiful and not too hot. I may have just become accustomed to the heat after two days down there, I'm not really sure. In any event, I was happy to find out that my friends and I have similar taste buds and the food at Mac's was good!! I had the brisket tacos, which were flavorful and light (which was exactly what I wanted). I also sampled some pulled pork, some big brisket, the mac and cheese and cheddar grits. All wonderful. I was so full from a weekend of partying that I wish I had room in my stomach for more food, but alas, sometimes you just have to say no. The BBQ was perfectly smokey without it being over powering and the meat was all tender and juicy. The sides were great compliments to the main meal, and I liked the cheddar grits very much, although mine were lukewarm, when I wished they were hot, but no biggie. Go to Mac's and enjoy some great BBQ, a beer and the outdoor music that makes it pure down-home fun.
5	I almost figured that I'd walk in here, sit down, and they'd hand me my mail: Mac's felt like home for me from the get-go, and when it started pouring buckets of the wet stuff outside I perhaps figured I'd found serendipity: that temporary valhalla that would mean my camping out in close proximity to some tasty 'cue and clever assortments of craft brews.Service can be a little laissez-faire in my experience, but even so, I found myself an easy mark for lingering here, and from the feel of the place, Mac's isn't a joint where those who drop by fidget about in order to hustle off to another appointment. Conversely, the Speed Shot is best if you camp out, curve your hand into that ideal "C" for holding a cold one, and let the hours drain away into the business end of the glass.
4	WARNING: This review comes from a typically skeptical individual and not the biggest fan of BBQ...A biker/bbq joint. Trendy/sports bar feel inside, but appearances can be...deceptive? We sat at the bar to start watching the World Cup final and our bartender was an enthusiastic, genuine and knowledgeable chica, whose name I cannot recollect. All the draft beers were NC brews, minus 1 Sam Adams tap. It was Sunday, so 1/2 price drafts...I had a Foothills Hoppyum (best IPA in NC) and my buddy had a Foothills Pilsner. Yums! Free basket of hush puppies with sweet butter...okay. I did some kind of sampler platter to get a good cross section of their offerings. Plate comes out with brisket, pulled pork, chicken and 1/2 rack of ribs...plus sides of mac/cheez and baked beans. Food coma coming on! The brisket was the best of all the dead animal decor on my plate. I ate less than half of my food and took the rest home. I was pretty impressed...the bbq was not overdone...a lot of dry rub going on, which I'm more of a fan of than meat drenched in any kind of bbq sauce.Easy to miss this place if you're coasting down South Blvd. I definitely recommend for lunch, but do not claim to be a BBQ connoisseur, so take my review with a grain of salt if you consider yourself some kind of hickory-smoked snob.
4	I went here a lot of time with quite a few different people and we all loved it! The service is quick and the BBQ was GOOD! Definitely try the mac n cheese on the side or the green been casserole. The small pig is enough food for one, but if you're really hungry go to the big pig. It's also a great hang out spot for young professionals after work/dinner time.
4	Best BBQ in Charlotte and an excellent bottled beer list.  Service leaves much to be desired.  On more than one occasion I have given up on my server bringing me a second beer and gone straight to the bar (and I am not an alcoholic, this is the only restaurant I have had to do this in ever, and I have had to do it multiple times here).  Try the pulled pork sandwich or plate, with a side of texas toast, BBQ baked beans, and mac & cheese.  Also a decent place to watch sports on TV.
5	The southern version of a "yuppie" biker bar that is totally serving it up!! Great food that is!Cannot count how many times we have ate here...but I do know we have never been disappointed!It's a place I think you couldn't go wrong with anything on the menu!The chopper salad is one of my personal favorites. So Fresh!!The taco's are a mouthful of flavor...what else....beef brisket...puled pork sandwich....all the vegetable sides...I mean...Its ALL GOOD!!If it is one of those nights you really do not want to get spiffed up...and you cannot make up your mind where to go....THIS is the place!
1	Terrible Food.  Worse Service.  If you want a biker bar, go to McKoy's, If you want BBQ go to Bill Spoons or Hillbilly's..
3	Been to Mac's numerous times before I lived here and now that I am a Charlotte resident.  Its not the best and I don't even really know what great BBQ is, but I know this isn't it.I went last night because I had some friends visit from NY and I had wanted to go to McKoy's but we ended up going back to my apt first so I didn't feel like driving the extra distance, so Mac's it was.It was bike night and they had a band outside, who was actually really good and I am not a huge cover band kind of girl!  We sat outside because it was 1st available and we were hungry.  We got the fried pickles to start, because they had never had such a thing and I felt it my duty to introduce them.For dinner, which came out 2 seconds after the pickles, I had the little pig w/mac n cheese and green bean casserole, my guests had brisket w/same sides as me and ribs w/chili and a salad.  They seemed to really enjoy their food and kept commenting how much they liked it there.  My sandwich was dry, but the sides were good, and drinks were good.  We sat there for a bit just catching up and enjoying the band till it got to humid to deal and we left.  Can't comment on pirce as my friends so graciously paid for me to say thank you for having them stay w/me!But overall I don't expect too much from Mac's.  I like going to watch football on Sunday's because the wing deal is good and I do enjoy the smoked wings and various, multiple beers!!
5	Ever since I moved to Charlotte, Mac's fell in love with me. The more I tried to stay away the more they kept calling with more love (PBR on special in a tall boy). Yes, this is an Official PBR Joint, but besides that the food is awesome. Never had anything but the small plate BBQ, (menu is loaded with other BBQ and sandwich options as well), which for $10 is MORE than enough for anyone. Comes with 2 sides and Texas toast. Place is constantly busy and is a great spot for lunch or mid afternoon break (when I go). Lots of TV's inside and a great patio with picnic tables outside for those nice summer days. Place is a biker bar, and like it's siblings in the Cornelius and Steele Creek areas, you'll have the occasional bike show. But no worries, it's a classy biker BBQ bar that draws the casual eater to the suit & tie business lunch. But as always, a bar stool and menu is all that is needed at Mac's!
5	Night out at Mac's.  First went in thought everyone was at the lake.  We eat at Mac's about once a month.  Love the food, good service. Turns out everyone wasn't at the lake, place became packed.  If you have never been there, you should give it a try.  I think you'll like it.
4	First off, once again, its NOT Dilworth... its Southend.Secondly, I recall my time as a yute back in Pennsyltucky when BBQ meant that we was havin' sloppy joes that night.  Man, to appreciate such ignorance later in life...When Wynn and the rest of the guys took that little spot over back in the day, I bet that they had no comprehension of how their little BBQ joint would turn into such a successful local franchise.They cover the basics.  Delicious pulled pork, decent western AND eastern sauces as well as the popular in Georgia "yellow"  or mustard based sauce (something I learned about when a pipefitter mixed up a batch with gulden's, butter, and Beam with spices while still north of the Mason-Dixon).The salads are good and smothered in ranch and bacon the way they should be.  The Brunswick Stew is spicy and tasty as hell at the same time.  Oh, the sides... The green bean casserole is mighty tasty.  And you almost want to OD on legumes by adding the baked beans as your second side on a pork plate.  But then you see the mac and cheese just egging you on....And the service is a ton of not too shabby.  I was graced with Dana tonight who took all of my razzing in stride and never left my thirsty.  You see, my food came out too fast.  A problem I thought I would never encounter.  No time for socializing when your plate is ready to be devoured within three minutes of ordering.And what is the scene..?  bike night, foreign bike night, live music outside, enough TV's to satisfy sports nuts, hot waitresses, family friendly,  you name it...As if the joint didn't stand on its own two legs, they have DONATED tons of food in the past to various causes that I support or help organize.  Making them not only the place in the CLT to get your BBQ on, but also a pillar of the Charlotte restaurant community.
5	Anytime I have someone asking where they should go to eat when they are in Charlotte, Mac's is my answer. Mac's holds a special place in my heart as it was one of the first places I tried when I first moved here and it makes me smile when I think of it. After a year hiatus, I went yesterday and as always, it did welcomed me back with open arms. I got the Texas Beef Brisket Sandwich with grilled onions and a side of mac n cheese. This was MAJOR for me since the only thing I've ordered in the past has been the pulled pork sandwich (the Big Pig) and I have been so happy with it. I hate when I have an item I always order somewhere and I don't want to stray away from it because what happens if I don't like it as much? But what if I try something new and it's the new LOML? That's love of my life folks. This time I got the brisket and was not disappointed at all. I didn't mention how the brisket is served on Texas Toast huh? Well, yeah, that just made it even more tasty. Mac's is the reason I will never be a vegetarian. They've never let me down and they also have a patio area with picnic tables that's great to kick back with some beers and bbq when it's nice out,. The only bad thing I have to say about it is even though the food comes out pretty quickly, it's sometimes difficult to flag down your server so when you see them, order a beer or whatever you think you may need.
5	I looked around uptown Charlotte for a fun place but all I could find were trendy, yuppie type places which are fine for some, but I wanted a place with substance.  I found it, most definitely, at Mac's.  Great beer selection and awesome food.  I spent many years in Alabama and grew up on Dreamland BBQ...although completely different BBQ here at Mac's it was just as satisfying.  The place was pretty full but not overly crowded and everyone having a blast.
3	Three stars only cuz I'm not a fan of lots of noise inside restaurants. The noise doesn't allow good communication. At least for me. I had a hard time hearing everything my friends were saying. But that's not the point of this yelp review.The food was great. I got a small platter of pulled pork, and while it wasn't anything extraordinary, it was quality food. They had several bottles of bbq sauces available just like Sticky Fingers. Service was, again, nothing extraordinary, just okay. I guess there's not much else to say about this place. It's a good place for barbecue and friends. Lots of menu choices and interesting things to look at inside. There were also a bunch of benches/tables outside for outdoor dining. And apparently it was biker night so they had some concert going on outside on stage, but I didn't get to catch it, really. Overall, I'd come here again for the same thing: bbq and a good time with friends!
5	AMAZING bbq, great place, insane collection of beer. and the food is really good. The amount that you get is crazy, very big portions
2	I just want to start this off by saying that I love BBQ (pulled pork that is).  I have recently had the pleasure to have BBQ that is the best I've ever eaten and compare all BBQ to it since.  This place did not stack up.  The 'Que is nothing to write home about and you'll get the same if not better at Sonny's.  However, the brisket, ribs and beer can chicken are very tasty.  The side orders are good and if you like spicy flavors, the fried pickles should do it. They add Tabasco sauce to the batter.  Great Beer selection too. The service is usually hit and miss so don't expect anything great.
5	Awesome food, cheap eats.   Yup, it's that good! II like everything on the menu, but I have a special place in my heart for the Kansas City Beef Rib. Yum.
4	Been a couple times to dine in and carry out.  Food has been excellent each time.  The Big Pig Sandwich and the Little Bit of Everything Sampler are both recommended.***Great beer list.  Hard to find in a BBQ place.One negative:  The AC never seems to be working enough.  When I am stuffed full of BBQ, I do not want to be hot.  I could lose weight, or they could fix the AC.  I know which is easier on me.My buddy really likes the Smoked Chicken Nachos.  I give them 2 stars, but he loves em.
3	It's hard to be compared to The Pit where I had eaten a couple days prior to Mac's.  But, Mac's doesn't even come close to The Pit in Raleigh.  To start, the service was marginal.  We were at at a table that had three chairs, there were four of us, and one of us had to stand for the first 30 minutes because they were out of chairs.  Who "seats" guests without enough chairs?!  The casual atmosphere was fun and quite loud.  The food was decent.  We tried a variety of items; pulled pork, ribs, chicken and mac and cheese.  The chicken was best item that I tried.  The banana pudding was quite tasty.  They have a large beer selection as well.  Probably won't race back here next time in Charlotte.
2	Just to give a little bit about my BBQ credentials.  I am from the Kansas City area and I judge BBQ contests there.  I have been judging for 3 years now with 27 contests under my rather large belt.  I also have a smoker and BBQ on the weekends.  Being from one of the BBQ Mecca's I have been trying various BBQ places here in Charlotte.My visit to Mac's was on a Sunday and it was about half full.  Since I was by myself I sat at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and patient as I tried to decide what to order.  I had the "A little Bit of it All" combo platter: beef brisket, pulled pork, beer can chicken and ribs with slaw and baked beans for my sides.  My food arrived fairly quickly and looked good.  There was a heaping pile of pulled pork surrounded by chicken, brisket and ribs.  But, for $16 they better not skimp on the portions.  I tried the pulled pork first as that is my favorite BBQ meat.  The pulled pork was very disappointing.  It had no flavor at all and wasn't very tender, but it wasn't dry which was the only good thing about it.  It was like it had never seen the inside of a smoker.  There were four different types of sauces to try, Mustard, Carolina, Red & Vinegar.  Adding sauce to the pulled pork made it much better.  Since the pork had no flavor it was the perfect platform to taste each sauce.  The mustard was my favorite with the pork.Next I tried the beef brisket.  Most BBQ places serve brisket in thin slices about 1/8".  The brisket on my plate was one slice about 1/2" thick which looked like it had grill marks on it.  Not the way I like my brisket at all.  The big hunk of brisket also looked like it had been dipped in sauce as well.  Good brisket should be tender and pull apart easily without falling apart.  This brisket was not tender, I could almost cut it with my fork, but had to use my knife a couple of times.  It wasn't tough, but it wasn't tender either.  The flavor was pretty good though and the meat moist.I tried the ribs next.  They were a little on the small side but looked good.  Flavor wise they were smoky, too smoky, like they had been smoked too long.  After the first couple of hours of smoking meat doesn't absorb any more smoke and the smoke flavor builds up on the meat itself giving the bitter flavor.  The meat on the ribs was falling off the bones, but was a little tough, that too is an indication the ribs have been over cooked.  Again they weren't bad, but they weren't great either.  Last I tried the chicken.  The chicken was the best piece of meat on the platter.  It was moist and tender with a good flavor.  The chicken had a light dusting of rub which complemented the meat well.Overall the atmosphere of Mac's was nice.  The bartender was friendly and attentive without being intrusive.  The prices are at the high end for a BBQ place.  The portion size was good, but the quality of the BBQ was middle of the road.  Two of the best things were the chicken and the OMB Copper I had to drink with my dinner.  If you want great BBQ, try somewhere else.
5	So I'm out making sales calls in Charlotte and me and my associate ask our customer for a place to eat some tasty cue!  He tells us about this joint.  This place rocks!  And it gets packed. We had the hot wings and hands down the best wings I've ever had.  Followed that up with a pulled pork sandwich and you would have thought I had not eaten in years. I wolfed that mother down.  Can't wait to be back in Charlotte.
5	AWESOME PLACE!!  Great venue inside and outside..  If you are a beer drinker like me this is the place for you.  They have a HUGE Beer list.  Now off to the food, the food is amazing I am serious everything on this menu is FANTASTIC!!  The green bean casserol and mac and cheese is a must and  the "Lil bit of everything" is a good starter if its your first time there.
2	Unfortunately this place has been over rated by a lot of people who want to think they're getting "real" BBQ or going to a "real" biker bar (it's laughable that some people believe either of these things as authentic at Mac's).  My suggestion? Head out of the little Mac comfort zone to experince some real time biker bars or travel some back roads to experience some real time BBQ where it's cooked without the "bottom line" being its driving factor.
4	The pulled pork here is awesome!  But I am used to KC bbq, which can't be beat, and the brisket just doesn't compare.  I wish Mac's brisket was sliced thinner.  But food is yum and the atmosphere is great.  I will keep coming back!
4	Ok, forget about BBQ - that's right I said it- I don't personally think this place does anything THAT amazing with barbecued meat (gasp)However ....they do have the most delicious Macaroni and Cheese on this planet- and probably others if it were available .I am convinced that they put some sort of addictive ingredient in it because it is so good that I could easily eat this stuff every day (though I wont because it's probably a zillion calories- but totally worth it every once and awhile)!  So for that I have to give it four stars since it really to me is that delicious... Ive had Mac's several times but I will start ordering just giant plates of Macaroni and Cheese and skip out on anything else because lets face it that's what this place does really well!
5	Best BBQ in town and possibly the best wings!
4	They have really really stepped up their beer taps.  They had 27, mostly regional seasonals.  Great Oktoberfests!  As always, the bbq was great.  and the mac and cheese...so insanely yummy.
5	Yummmmyy. We were definitely five little, happy piggies here. And everything was great. We just happened to decide on this place while driving back to Michigan from St. Augustine, Fl. We were trying to find the brewery down the street, but sadly it closed! So we went to the next closest place and this was it. And boy. Even though it's too bad the brew house closed, we felt it was serendipitous that we ended up at Mac's instead. Everyone's barbecue tasted awesome. The place was packed and we were seated right away. It was our waitress' first day (poor thing) and she was awesome. We could not have had a better experience. AND it even satisfied our craft beer cravings! Thank the heavens. We loved trying the different brews from around the region. For some reason in Florida, there seems to be a lack of their own microbrews on tap at the bars so we were thankful to try yummy local beers that we wouldn't normally find. The menu is so great too. Weirdly, I felt like something fresh like cilantro but didn't want to miss out on the barbecue, and what did they have? Carnita-style brisket tacos with cilantro. Gold star for you Mac's!We were all really upset that we had to continue our drive North because we could've spent hours at Mac's, we had such a good time. It had us wishing we had time to find a hotel & not have to worry about the rest of our trek. :)
3	BBQ not bad, not the best, not the worse, Sauce is better than the pulled pork. several sauces to choose from. Atmosphere was great. Service was also good. Being from TX perhaps I'm use to Texas style BBQ. I will go back
4	Mac's is a very good all around bar. Good service, great food, and fun entertainment. All of the Mac's are good and some may be better depending on time of day/week.According to some Mac's is known for their BBQ or food in general. Personally I don't think their BBQ is anything special. A typical pulled pork with different sauces. Nothing to be ashamed of. One place where they excel are their sides. The mac-n-cheese can't be beat.The South Blvd. location brings in bands in the summer and is a great place to hang out.
4	First of all, this is a high end biker's bar.  By high end I mean that the majority (but not all) of bikers who come here are doctors and lawyers who want to show off their Hogs.  It's amusing to sit next to a table of bikers who are all geared up and hear them talk about their clients and patients.  And no, I'm not a hater.  I am a proud motorcycle owner myself.  I just want you to know about the experience you will get when you walk in.  But the food and the beer selection are the real attractions to this place.  The BBQ is above average, it could use a bit more spice, but the sides, the brisket, and the wings are what I really enjoy about this place.  The mac and cheese are perfectly crusted and the cheese is perfectly melted.  The green bean casserole is also excellent.  The wings here are smoked then grilled, which gives them a better flavor in my opinion.  There is a wide selection of beer that changes seasonally.  If you are feeling adventurous, try the high gravity beer.  It's usually a higher alcohol content so tread carefully.  Overall, I really enjoy coming to this bar to eat, drink, and hang out.  I would highly recommend it if you are looking for a place to get good food, beer, and a solid Charlotte experience.
4	Mac's is an appealing place to eat. Biker bar i guess, but when there are no bikes lined up outside, it's just a good place for BBQ.  Took our visitors here as part of my Mac's/OMB afternoon and everyone seemed quite satisfied with their meals. They both ordered the combo platter minus turkey (as advised by the waitress) and were very pleased naming the chicken as a top choice. This combo is a lot of meat, we didn't even eat dinner later that night, nobody had room. i went with the St Louis 1/2 slab of ribs that i honestly probably wouldn't order again. Maybe i should've added more sauce or something, but i was hoping for better. i'm going back to the pulled pork next time. The Brunswick Stew is always good,  however i couldn't imagine eating more than the side cup. Mac and cheese was good. The service was good baby. As long as you enjoy being called a whole slew of cute names, sweetheart. We got our drinks and were waiting for one more in our party to show up, although we were planning on ordering something without them, but our server waited for them to arrive before coming back.  With indoor and outdoor seating, it's a great place for some beer and BBQ.
4	I love the laid back atmosphere at Mac's and their outdoor patio is the perfect place to enjoy lunch on a pretty day.  Their BBQ is delicious and they have a ton of tasty sides to choose from.  Last time we went here I ordered the pulled pork plate with mac and cheese and collard greens.  The pulled pork is also served with two slices of buttered texas toast, perfect for piling the meat on to make a sandwich.  All of my food was great, especially after adding some extra BBQ sauce to the pork.  The collard greens are so full of flavor (seem to be cooked in a bacon broth) and they have a bit of a kick to them.  I tried the hubby's brunswick stew and it is so good!  It's a little runny and spicy but I think it's wonderful.  On top of all the delicious food they have a decent selection of beer.While Mac's hasn't solidified a spot as my #1 BBQ place in Charlotte, it's still a great place to bring visitors especially when the next destination is OMB.
5	Being rather new to the Charlotte area, I can't really say just yet where the best BBQ spots are.  But I can tell you this.  Mac's is BBQ heaven for this guy!!  Man, do you I love BBQ... Not only do they have a spectacular menu for all of your BBQ desires, they have a massive on tap beer menu too!  I was on a business lunch and could not sample the beer, but I did get a chance to order the "Big Pig." Oh.. That's right... The BIG PIG.  They have three different sizes for their pulled bbq sandwich.  Lil' Pig, Big Pig, and The Mac Daddy!! I wasn't man enough for the Mac Daddy and thank the stars above that I didn't.  The Big Pig was huge and I ended up being stuffed.  You also get a free side item and how could I pass up the Mac n Cheese??  I couldn't.  And it was gooooooooood!  My business partner had the fish sandwich and said it was tasty with just the right kick of spiciness.  Final verdict:  BBQ Mission Accomplished.  Enjoy! -Ian M.
4	Great dilworth/south end spot!   Whether you grab a spot inside of out it is a fun place to be for lunch or dinner.  The bbq is GREAT as are the sauces and sides.  Portions are huge too, don't be embarrassed for going with the "little pig."   Great beer selection and you can even get a 24oz Sammy Smith for 4 bucks!  Got a few big plasmas to watch the game too.  A must for anyone in Charlotte for any length of time.
4	Definitely a fan of Mac's. Food is great.... but so great that sometimes this place is standing room only. I've never tried eating outside here.... but want to.  Parking can be a bit of a hassle but it is well worth the walk if you have to park far away.Never really had bad experiences with the staff.... but they do look a little stressed when the place is busy. Once they get you seated... its pretty smooth sailing from there.
4	I was visiting from out of town.  The people at my hotel recommended Mac's and I was interested by some of the yelp reviews.  The first way that I judge a BBQ restaurant is by the sauces on the table.  Any place that has a ton of sauces scares me.  Typically, they are all mediocre.  Mac's has a decent number of sauces and they were all really good, though somewhat similar.  I was disappointed that there weren't any hot BBQ sauces, though I that could be a regional preference.  I had a sampler plate of their ribs, brisket, pulled pork and beer can chicken.  All were good, though the brisket blew my mind.  My meal came with two sides.  I chose the baked beans and cole slaw.  The beans were pretty good and the slaw was average.  Overall, I would love to return to Macs if I am ever in Charlotte again.
5	Favorite BBQ in Charlotte. The pulled pork "chopper" salad is great (yep, BBQ salad). Of course a "big pig" sandwich, mac & cheese, and Brunswick stew is always sure to please. Sit outside in the afternoon before the crowds arrive...
2	I'm going to keep this kind of brief.  If you're looking for good barbecue, you can drive further down South Blvd. to Bill Spoon's.  If it's later, toward dinner time, go to Hickory House on North Tryon.  Those are the spots for Charlotte BBQ.Mac's is a great place to roll up to on your motorbike, especially if you have a new outfit from the Harley shop to show off, but it's just not the best restaurant.  The few times I've been there, I found it overpriced and under-qualitied (if I might be allowed to use non-standard expressions).Finally, last time I was there, I realized that the place is a bit of a scene, and I think that's cool, but for really awesome food, which is more my scene, I'm gonna go elsewhere.I see why some people like Mac's, but it's just not my speed.  Shop.
4	I have an emotional attachment to Mac's. I traveled to Fort Mill for months on a super stressful project and their no BS biker bar attitude and wonderfully messy, delicious bbq was the perfect antidote to corporate drama.By the end of the project, I had the whole team out there. In our suits. We were rightfully given the evil eye.Try the "Lil' bit of everything" option on the menu. You get to pick a little bit of everything (duh) and create a proper feast.
4	Mac's is a great after-work place, great place to watch the game, great place for hangover food.. you get the idea! My favorites are the Little Piggy (with Mac and Cheese of course) and the fish tacos. Especially the fish tacos are such a deal and you can order as many as you want in case you are not starving you can just get two etc.  One exception to the menu is the ribs....that is in the NEVER AGAIN category here. They are tough and not worth the time/effort/money at all. Who can go wrong with the deviled egg platter?? This place is one of my favorite in Charlotte and I am so glad they keep opening new locations! :-D
2	I go hot and cold with Mac's. Sometimes I go and I really love it. And sometimes they totally blow it. The magic formula seems to be pulled pork (or brisket) + whatever Brooklyn beer is on tap (or Sam Adams) + a night on the patio. Stray from that, with, say, smoked chicken + Big Boss + a seat inside and I leave unhappy.So learn a lesson I can't seem to get through my head: if it's not a nice night to sit outside with a great beer and some OK barbecue, skip Mac's and head elsewhere. And always, ALWAYS skip the chicken.
5	One of my favorite bbq places in Charlotte.  The pulled pork is great...
5	Some of the best BBQ I've ever had and a great atmosphere.  Plenty of beers to choose from and plenty of TV's.  The "Big Pig" is a huge pulled pork sandwich and it is divine.  You have 4 sauces to choose from so no matter which region specific sauce you prefer, you gots it.  All the sides are great, especially the green bean casserole.  I don't usually see green bean casserole unless it's thanksgiving, so it had better be good and it is.  Giant selection of beers and a friendly and fast waitstaff compliment all the delicious food.  If you're in Charlotte, this is a must try place.
4	Well, believe all the others- this is some damn fine southern BBQ. The mac n cheese is baked with nice sharp cheddar- scrumptious! Big salads with homemade dressing served as a side. The beer selection is extensive and inclusive to whichever type one would prefer. A good option close to town for casual, moderately priced food. Oh and try the mustard sauce - it's yummy. We'll be back...
3	I typically don't eat barbeque. I will say one thing, their sauces are good. I tried the brisket one time and I tried the pulled pork the other. I chose mac and cheese as a side as well as collard greens. The mac is ok, nothing great. I tried collard greens as a novelty bc not being southern I thought i'd give em a try while eating bbq. If the shoe fits, wear it. Beer selection and service were great, but maybe I just don't like southern BBQ which leaves me at a respectable 3.Eat on foodies
4	Mac's Speed Shop has three locations in the Charlotte metro area.  I went to their South Blvd. location (since it was an approximately 10 minute drive from work).As I am on my way inside, I immediately noted something that gave me a promise of hope: the smoky smell of meat cooking on a fire.  I walked in and was seated less than 5 minutes after arriving, even with the large lunch crowd they had.After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to go with an appetizer and a main course.  For the appetizer, I could not say no to the Tabasco fried pickles.  The texture of the pickles indicated that the batter was a cornmeal batter.  Also, the pickles were probably soaked in Tabasco for some period of time prior to being battered and fried.  There was not an overwhelming taste of Tabasco in these pickles.  I enjoyed eating them, although they didn't quite have that "wow" factor I was hoping for.I had trouble deciding on a main course, so I decided to go with their combo platter.  The combo consists of four different meats to choose from (out of five) and two sides.  Being the heart-healthy, health-conscious person that I am, I ordered the pulled pork, beef brisket, ribs, and chicken for my meats.  For my two sides, I chose macaroni & cheese and baked beans.  I was thinking that there would be a little bit of each on my plate... and then my plate arrived.I confess that I was disappointed to only find one piece of brisket on the plate.  The brisket was smoked for about 12 hours and then finished off on a grill with their red BBQ sauce (KC-style).  The texture of the brisket was outstanding (not too tough, and not so tender that it was mushy).  However, I was hoping for a little stronger smoke flavor.  Next came the ribs.  The ribs appeared to be spare ribs trimmed down to a St. Louis cut, dry rubbed, and smoked.  They were served with the red BBQ sauce glazed on top.  I was pleased with the brisket, but I was AMAZED with the ribs!  Finally -- a BBQ joint in Charlotte where I can actually taste the smoke in ribs!  The texture was just right: the ribs did not fall off the bone.  The bite marks left in the ribs were just right.  The ribs were a winner here!Then comes that big hunk of chicken leg quarter.  The chicken was served naked (no sauce), which was just fine in my opinion.  The meat was very moist, tender, and juicy.  The skin didn't have as much flavor as I would have liked it to have.  There was a faint smoke taste that complemented the meat very well.  Again -- another winner here.Then I finally made it to the pulled pork.  The pork was pulled and not chopped.  Out of the four meats on my plate, this was the one that impressed me the least.  While there was good flavor with the pork, by itself the meat was a bit on the dry side.  I had a few bites with both their vinegar-based sauce and their "Carolina style" sauce, and this greatly improved the dryness of the meat.  The mac and cheese was very rich and creamy, and the baked beans had a very nice bold flavor.  All in all, I was pleased with the meal overall.  This review is available with photos at http://bigwaynerbbq.wordpress.com/2011/01/18/review-macs-speed-shop-charlotte-nc/.
5	I've been here twice now and I'm a big fan.  The selection of types of meat and style of BBQ is huge and their four different sauces are fantastic.  I'm particularly fond of the Mustard BBQ sauce-amazing!
5	The best BBQ in Charlotte IMO.  And I must agree with everyone else, they have the best mac 'n cheese, bar none.  All their sides are phenomenal, even the collard greens.  The chili soup with cheese and jalepenos is awesome.  The beer can (beer butt) chicken is awesome.  The beer selection is awesome, and modestly priced to boot!I am proud to say that I finished "The 'Mac Daddy'" bbq sandwich with a side in one sitting.  I had to eat half the bbq with a fork before I could fit the friggin thing in my fat mouth, the thing is two meals for a full grown man.  Last but not least, the WINGS are phenomenal.  Char-grilled, the best way to do wings.  I'm not as big a fan of their wing sauces, but Mac's still has the best wings in Charlotte!
5	Oh, Mac's.My co-workers introduced to Mac's shortly after I started at my job.  I was skeptical at first (initial skepticism seems to be a theme of my reviews, but I guess that's just who I am), especially when I saw how crowded it is at lunch.  The decor is also very biker-ish, and I am far from a biker guy.How fortunately wrong I was.  Even when the place is crowded, the staff seats you quicker than you would expect.  Service is attentive.  And the food...You can smell the smoke when you walk in.  And the barbecued meat tastes beautifully of smoke.  This is all too valuable considering how often "barbecue" tries to pass itself off only on the merits of its sauce.  That's not to say that Mac's sauces aren't delicious--they are--but there's smoke.  And the smoke is good.  For first-timers, I recommend the pulled pork sandwich or the brisket sandwich.  The sides are delicious as well: very good mac-and cheese especially.   Whenever I go, I end up going the barbecue route, but I have dined with people who enjoyed the burgers and chicken as well.The prices aren't outrageous; they aren't exactly cheap.  More likely than not, you'll end up parking in the mud.  But once you bite into that sandwich, it's worth it.
3	We had BBQ from Mac's for the super-bowl party, take out.  It was excellent, very lean and both pork and beef were quite nicely done.  We used our own sauces, so can't rate the sauces well enough to add that opinion.
4	We ordered literally every meat on the menu. Ribs. Brisket, Chopped Pork, Chopper Turkey, and the massive Beef Rib. And then we got the Banana Pudding. We also got Beans, onion rings, mac and cheese, and Brunswick stew as our sides. Brisket was kind of chew, but otherwise moist and with good flavor.Chopped turkey kind of blended with the chopped pork, there was not distinct smokiness, but was moist, tender, and tasted great when combined with the delicious sauces.The ribs were delicious and moist. There was definitely smokiness that I could detect, and the ribs tasted great both wet and dry.The beef ribs however were definitely the star of the show. Juicy, tender, bursting with a meaty flavor. OMG. I am literally drooling while writing this. GET IT. IT'S WORTH IT.Banana pudding didn't have enough time in the fridge, as a result the vanilla wafers were too hard and the bananas didn't blend into the pudding .Overall, a great place, and if i were in the area, I would definitely come back here. Probably the best BBQ I had in North Carolina... Sad I know.
5	Got stuck with a few friends in Charlotte for the night due to weather and airports. Bummer. Solution? Enjoy the city. What does a great southern city have? Beer and BBQ. At the recommendation of the hotel front desk clerk, we ended up at Mac's. Unfortunately, that was the only good thing about that hotel... Review forthcoming :PI'm honestly left speechless regarding Mac's. It was near-perfect. Amazing beer selection, huge servings, great service... I had the regular-sized sampler, which turned out to be a sample (full-sized portions IMO) of each of their offerings. Some were better than others, but all were good.If faced with another visit, I'd focus on the pulled pork and the chicken. I know, chicken is generally a lame cop-out-meat for folks who don't truly appreciate food. It was not at Mac's.Thinking of paying a visit? GO.
3	Tabasco Fried Pickles!This was the first time I had tabasco fried pickles.  My friend told me that it was a traditional dish in NC so we had to order it.  I thought it tasted pretty good, it had a zing of heat & sour combo, which i liked.  However, i couldn't help to think that if i was pregnant I probably would love it more.I ordered the "A Whole Lot of It," platter & i selected the pulled pork, canned chicken, smoked turkey & the beef brisket.  The smoked turkey was pretty dry & so you gotta dose it w/bbq sauce.  The chicken was pretty tender & moist.  The beef brisket was really tender, you can slice it up w/your fork & the pulled pork was somewhat dried, but w/enough bbq sauce it soften up.  Our side dishes were red bean & rice; baked beans, collard greens & mac & cheese.  All the side dishes were pretty good, especially the mac & cheese.  The one big issue i had was the service!  Our waitress brought us a salad & forgot to give us our salad dressing & water.  I can understand that sometimes you forget something, but it literally took us 15mins for her to actually come by our table.  Thank goodness i had a beer to wash down all that meat & starch i was eating because the service was terrible.  We never got refills on our water and our waitress never came to check on us.   The place wasn't even busy.  The only time we had good service is when the check came.  There's just too many bbq restaurants to have to deal bad service.  The food is good, but not enough to come back again.
5	The brisket, the pulled pork, the beer can chicken and of course the beer.  If you're looking for BBQ in Charlotte this is, in my opinion, THE place to go.  Regardless of what you end up with on your plate or in your glass odds are you're going to like it.  A lot.Located in South End, Mac's has become semi-iconic in the Charlotte food and nightlife scene for the food (mostly BBQ related), the beer (which is varied and sometimes includes hard to find stuff) and people (which can be button down bankers or more colorful characters).  Not only is the BBQ top notch, the brisket plate with their incredible mac-n-cheese for BOTH side options, being one of my personal favorites, but the beer list rivals places with twice the tap room.  in 2011, Mac's was named "The Most Arrogant Bar in America" by Stone Brewery with Greg Koch, Stone's founder, making the trip out from San Diego to bestow the honor personally.If you're looking for a great time with great food in a great atmosphere (I have used the word great here pretty often haven't I?) then make the trip down South Blvd to Mac's.
4	On a business trip last year to Charlotte, my colleagues brought me to this place to win me over from Texas BBQ. Since I grew up in Texas, I was looking forward to have some Mac's to compare. Their pulled pork is pretty good and their collard greens is very yummy. As far as beef brisket is concerned. I am still a Texas gal at heart with North Main BBQ in Hurst, TX.Other than that, I loved the environment and the food at Mac's. Casual, bar-like, family style seating. Overall, it was pretty good BBQ.
4	This is a great place to watch a game or just have a beer. Their ribs are mouthwateringly good. If you ride a Harley this is a definite pit stop!
4	All I have to say is Mac n cheese, green bean casserole, and pulled pork plate! Get there early because there will be a wait but it's well worth it!
3	I come from Tennessee where you did not eat the barbecue unless you could see the smokers out back all day long cooking the meat.That being said, Mac's is actually pretty good and I know what I am getting each time. Barbecue connoisseurs should not expect to be wowed and the price makes it hard to get too excited (not expensive for a meal though).However, their sides are fantastic, especially the mac and cheese.The wait staff is usually good except that twice I have been there with a large group and my order was completely forgotten so everyone was almost done eating before I even got my food.Still, it is good enough to keep coming back and the competition in Charlotte is limited.Also, there is sometimes live music on the patio that provides some great atmosphere as well as checking out the array of motorcycles that regularly stop in.
5	Ok, you have to start out with a cold draft beer, then of course the fried pickles!!  (a must anywhere in the South) I was with my mother who enjoyed the wings and there Delish ranch and brother who had a brisket wrap, which was TDF (to die for) and I had the must try... Brisket and the fries!! That brisket is perfect!! And to top it all off, those Mac's sauces!!! Hello....,  go and enjoy!! The service was great too!!
4	The best smoked chicken I have ever had a chance to eat. All of the bbq was good only down side the bbq plater wasn't enough food for the price.
4	Unique local BBQ spot. Has a yuppie Harley feel but very comfortable. Good amount of tv's and staff was very friendly. BBQ was solid not the best but good atmosphere. Came for lunch would come back in the evenings. Try the BBQ sauce it's great
4	Good BBQ.  The pulled pork and beer can chicken are yum as is the mac n cheese.  My daughter's fried chicken fingers were out of this world.  I wanted to take them for myself.  I also have a side of the Sonia's Salad each and every time I go because it is so yummy.  Warm home-made apple bread pudding with whiskey sauce is WOW good!
4	Geez the Tabasco Fried Pickles are addicting. I am so full and I ate hours ago.I went to this bar because it was fate.  As I landed in Charlotte, I saw this place won the distinction of 'the Most Arrogant Bar'. Arrogant as in Arrogant Bastard as in Stone, as in a big friggin deal!So I looked up this place and starved myself all day to go to this place. Beer selection is really good. It was a little stone heavy but they tend to get a lot of local brewerys in the area.Servers were super nice and this place his a nice casual vibe.
5	This was the BEST BBQ I have ever eaten in my entire life and I've been all over the US and have a husband that makes amazing bbq-hands down! I loved the pulled turkey, the pulled pork and they had really good pimento cheese sliders! Their salads are really good too when you add a meat to them. You just can't go wrong here. Amazing service too!
4	pulled pork was a bit fatty. cool atmosphere. bbq sauce was tasty, but watery...i am used to texas bbq which is thick. apparently NC bbq sauce is that way. wait staff was talented and nice.
4	I understand that Charlotte is not known for its barbecue, but that must be a relative comparison to other cities in the South.  The quality of the barbecue at Mac's far exceeds the barbecue I enjoy in NYC including places like Blue Smoke.  I definitely recommend the pulled pork.  My girlfriend has ordered the beer can chicken both times and she says its to die for.  The atmosphere is great too.  Both times I came there was a live band playing on patio.
2	My family and I were staying in Charlotte overnight en route to Florida. We really wanted to experience Carolina barbeque in its "authentic" setting. We were, unfortunately disappointed. We ordered about everything they had on the menu by way of a combination platter. The brisket was far too dry and not like a brisket at all. It was almost as if a piece of sirloin had been renamed brisket. The pulled pork and pulled smoked turkey were dry and served without enough sauce to redeem it's dry-ness. The ribs were the best part, but they were a bit tough...not redeeming enough for a return visit. Sides were OK - Mac and Cheese was what you would expect from a school cafeteria. Grits were good, but the cole slaw and beans were just OK. I obviously am not able to return regularly, but if I lived in Charlotte, I would choose other barbeque joints. The only redeeming quality is the Steelers paraphernalia that is spread throughout the restaurant.
2	To be fair, my rating is based on being there ONCE... and I think it's because of what I ordered. I absolutely LOVE nacho's, so I figured I'd order those, but I'm not used to the nacho cheese sauce that they use, I much prefer grated cheese. Therefore, I don't recommend the nacho's but I had a bite of the macaroni and cheese and it's super yummy! The atmosphere can be intimidating because there are always a bunch of bikers there lol... but have no fear! It's a cute place. Also, the female (and male) waiters/waitresses are very attractive, so if you don't like the food, you can always avert your gaze to something more appealing.
5	Being raised in Tennessee but living in Colorado for the past 6 year, I walked into Mac's and could not wait to eat. The service was fast and the beer was cold. I was not sure what to have so i had the sampler and it was epic. Writing this review makes me hungry thinking about it. Might be the best mac and cheese i've ever had and the sauces where great. I cant say enough good thinking about Mac's. Try it. its GREAT.
2	Wouldn't say it's the best BBQ but overall the food was pretty good. The beer selection was really good and the grilled wings were awesome. It has a good atmosphere outside and the wait staff was also very prudent. Not the best BBQ in the carolinas but overall a pretty good place. Cons-Inside seating feels like any other chain restaurantNot many healthy choicesPros-Great outside seatingGreat menu Great waiters
4	So two asians and a white kid walk into a BBQ biker stop...Sounds like the beginnings of a hilarious joke huh? Well we decided to run in there for a little BBQ-satisfaction. Let me tell you, that hit the spot big time.I am not a bbq pork snob, I like to rattle my pallet a little bit. I decided to go with some big dog daddy brisket. TREMENDOUS. The sauce was tangy and some kick to it. So much so that the only thing that would get rid of it was a fresh brewback. Mac's is known for their bikes, their tatted waitresses, their live music, their bbq, and their microbrews. Let me tell you, there's an overwhelming amount of all the above.The place is great and I'd recommend stopping in if you get a chance.LBD scale posts this bad boy at an 8. I enjoy it thoroughly
5	Simply awesome.  We went here with some customers.  Everything was great and we all had Bbq.  Awesome beer selection and a great atmosphere.  It is low key, has an outdoor patio and the hiring manager likes racks.  And by that I don't mean ribs, I mean knockers.
4	This place was easily the best BBQ I had on my recent trip to Charlotte. I was here two weeks ago, and if not for the angry server who made gave us scathing looks when sat down I would have given it 5 stars.  We were there about an hr and a half before close.
4	Pulled pork and Mac N Cheese were sublime, however my friend's ribs were as tough as leather.  A word for the wise, if you want succulent baby back ribs; go elsewhere.
4	I was in town on business.  Friend (local) took me here and we had a great time. - Wowzers on the great tap beer selection---ESPECIALLY the happy hour prices (half off!)- Great service- Cool interior- Started to get packed around 7pm- Food is pretty good--certainly above average, but I would venture to say there's way better pulled- Tabasco friend pickles are a WINNER!- Be sure to take advantage of the free hush puppies and try ALL of the sauces they have to offer - Again, back to the beer - so great!!Cool joint.  Glad we went.
5	My husband and I were driving to Raleigh and stopped in Charlette for the night. We found this spot and absolutely loved it. The beef rib is ridiculously good. You have to order it. We also had the combo platter. It was all good. Would love to comment on the side items but quite frankly we did not eat it so we could have more room for he meat. Yum. Beer selection was great and the service was fast and friendly. We will definitely stop in again on the next road trip. Hell, we may just road trip just to have that beef rib again. Enjoy.
4	Great bar-b-que. The only hang-up I have is that the ribs are not consistent. Sometimes they are fan-tas-tic fall off the bone and other times a bit chewy.
5	Parking can be difficult but if you can negotiate that, this place is great!  BBQ is what they are known for and all you need is a taste to understand why.  They have a great selection of beer to match the food so you won't have to fret over finding something to match your meal if you are into pairing food with drink.  The staff has always been friendly during my many visits and the service is usually fast even when the place is slammed - which is almost all the time according to what I see.
5	This place is simply amazing.  If you are looking for awesome, authentic Carolina BBQ in Charlotte, this is the place to go.  I've had the ribs many times, and they are always warm, moist and tender.  Their sides are always excellent as well.  Usually I go with the mac and cheese and onion rings (i would probably stay away from the pot-salad).  The BEER.  BEER...yummmyyy.  Mac's has an eclectic mix of local draft beers.  There are plenty to choose from.  Be warned, you are not finding any $2 drafts here...In addition to wonderful food and drinks the ambiance at Mac's is always unique and sure to make your head turn.  Their are plenty of TV screens to hold your attention if their happens to be a game on.  I highly recommend getting out to Mac's Speed Shop on South Blvd. in Charlotte, NC if you are looking for a truly rewarding and satisfying dining experience.
4	The coolers and taps are loaded with AWESOME regional beers. + points for great special bottle selection also. This place has a long way to go with regards to barbeque, had the pulled pork and brisket. No smoke ring on the brisket and dried out pork. a few different kinds of sauces offered and I enjoyed the carolina sauce the most. I'll be back because of the beer selection and great service! Heard there are pretty good bands on Friday's nite also.
4	Mac's is a quintessential bar and grill, though the food was a little more boring than I expected. It was really hoppin' on a Sunday night, so it definitely has a cool vibe all the time. The grub is not super expensive, and neither is the booze.The beer menu is awesome. It offers some $30 brews as well as some great draft specials. Nonetheless, you will find something that appeals to you, assuming you have not taken a vow of sobriety!I went with a "vegetable plate"... but my plate had absolutely no vegetables. That is a sometimes a good thing. I tried the Brunswick stew, the chili, and the mac and cheese. At $6, it is a great way to pack your gut with a sampling of their grub. I am always hesitant to order a "BBQ" offering in a restaurant; in Texas, I get to see it smoked right in front of me.The chili was super zippy and chunky. Nothing amazing, but certainly a solid bowl of red; could have used a touch more chili flavor. The BS (hehe) was a bit too tangy and runny, but it was chockful of meat and veggies. The Italian staple and dairy did not have enough creaminess, but the flavor and texture was there. My Founder's Porter was delicious. It was heavy, and it had a very strong coffee note.This is a great joint on the outskirts of downtown, so it makes a great stop for food, beer, or just a hang out. There is plenty of space, and the place seems very laid back.
4	When I decided to move back to Charlotte from San Diego, one of my biggest fears was that the Queen City was still in a drought when it came to local breweries. Don't get me wrong, I love a Carolina Blonde as much as the next Bud Lite swilling frat boy, but my liver had been spoiled by seven years of living in the Elysium of microbreweries that is Southern California.On the suggestion of my younger brother, my sister and I checked this place out for a late lunch on the 4th of July, and I immediately fell in love. One thing the west coast has never managed to get their heads around is the idea that chicken wings can be good eating. And no, for all my friends still on the Left Coast, Hooters does NOT count as "good wings." Having spent two years living in Charleston, my palette (and digestive tract) longed for Leapin' Lizard, Nuclear Hot, and those awesome special order wings that came with a waiver as only a tiny backwoods wing shop could make them. My sister and I decided to split a dozen of the honey barbecue wings (she doesn't handle spicy as well as I do- we're still working on that), and I was impressed with the juiciness and flavor of the wings- the fact that they were grilled instead of friend I would count as a definite plus.In addition, the fact that the appetizer menu featured deviled eggs literally blew my mind. I considered it yet another one of those nice little "welcome home" coincidences I've been seeing all over town. :)Great beer list, great service, and a laid back attitude with no pretenses or need to impress. I'm guessing I'll be back pretty often.
3	Ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. I am a connoisseur of TX BBQ and I was surprised how bad people in Charlotte have it when it comes to BBQ. I got the "Texas brisket". Let me tell you, it was nothing like Texas. At all. Proper brisket is shaved into reasonably mouthful-sized portions, but this was more like a giant steak cut into long pieces. WTF. The bread was toasted which kinda took away from my pleasure in brisket-and-bread endeavors. Actually, I don't think I got brisket. there is no way I can say that tasted like the brisket that I know. The sides I got were cheese grits which were deece, and the mac+cheese was also...deece. Nothing too special.The woman, however, decided to get the "Saint Louis Ribs". I was worried. I mean, we're in CLT. The BBQ in Carolina has a pretty good reputation. Why would you make ribs based on Missouri when you're in NC? I mean, if we're in Dubai, whatevz, everything there is phony, but, this is CAROLINA! You're telling me the best you can give me are ribs from MO? Her ribs, however, were amazing. Proper. Smokey taste, obviously smoked for at least 24 hours. Ammmaaaazing. The meat was all that with the right amount of fat. Fell right off the bones, yet had that smokey taste. The signature tangy-ness of midwestern BBQ prevailed as well.  I was perplexed. Such a half assed job at brisket yet perfect ribs, albiet, yes, Missouri (not Carolina) tasting. The beer selection is what gives this place a 3 over 2 stars. And the service was adequate. They fulfilled whatever we needed, eventually.Surely this city can do better for BBQ. If you're accustomed to TX, KS, and MO BBQ and you're looking for proper BBQ, go somewhere else. We were here for one night and thought we could hit gold tonight. While the atmosphere on the patio, the drinks, and the meal were aiiiet, there has to be better BBQ in this city.
1	Wow I don't think I have ever given a 1 star. Gosh I feel so bad but really Mac's is not that great. If it weren't for the wings it would be down right awful!I went with a large group after the farmer's market, and being my first time I was really excited. If you mention BBQ in the Queen City this place is always brought up. I ask you WHY?!?! Charlotte! Hello! There are so many better places. (Midwood Smoke House for one!)I had both brisket and chicken tacos as well as a couple mouthfuls of my Man's Big Pig hand-pulled pork sandwich. Well lets see, My tacos were so small, an under-filled 4" taco for $3. I know, I know who orders tacos from a BBQ joint? this girl who wants both brisket and chicken and  truly I knew it was a risk. I was so underwhelmed. The Sandwich contained pork that while it was indeed "hand-pulled" it needed a lil more smoke time. Am I the only one that thinks good BBQ doesn't need sauce? The side of mac and cheese was dry and oily, and while I did like the chunks of meat in the baked beans I have had better.The atmosphere is kinda cool, but I don't think I will be coming back.  The service was good.  Was this a off day? WTH? Good wings though... if you like 'em grilled
4	Really a 3.5, but we'll go 4 stars bc I paid for myself and my buddies!  Random, yeah.  Food wasn't like, blast my face off, good or anything, but it was solid.  I really dig the ambiance and other fruit-fruit stuff about the place - solid attire for staff, nice TVs and let's face it, FOOTBALL news on ESPN gave me chills - I can't wait!  Okay, let's do this.  I tried a lot of the food so it's best to blurb about the grub.Chicken Wings - Honey Mustard wings were pretty friggin' good. The sweet contrasts with the heavy smoked taste quite well.  No football comparison bc it's awkward.Beef Brisket - Jimmy Clausen.  I expected big things from the heavy BBQ, but was just not good at all.  Unlike Clausen, can't blame it on anything else.Beer Can Chicken - Just a solid overall protein.  Nothing particularly amazing about it.  Pulled Pork - Michael Vick THIS YEAR.  Yeah, you're expecting greatness but it's not gonna happen.  It really needs the sauces to support the taste/texture.Ribs - Tom Brady.  MVP. Green Bean Casserole - Peyton Hillis last year.  Didn't expect much - heard good things about it from diehard fans.  It was amazing.Macaroni'n'Cheese - yeah, I'm not good at football even though I think I'm hardcore.  I can't even draw a comparison to Mac'N'cheese to football. This idea that I had at the beginning of the review really fell off ;/Cheesy Grits - Randy Moss (with the Titans).  Seems like a good idea, didn't pan out that way at all.  Sat on the sidelines as I grubbed the Green Bean Casserole.Well sh!t, sounds like I just ragged on a bunch of dishes.  I was a little harsher than expected. It's a nice place to go - experience N. Carolina BBQ + environment for a good time.(awkward review)dmo out
5	I challenge you to find one thing on the menu that isn't awesome.  As usual, the negative reviews seem to promote some other place.  Seems odd to me.
3	If you're visiting Charlotte this is probably the place you'll hear from the locals.  It's a quick cab ride from downtown.  Their food is decent but their draft beer selection is really what sets them apart.  There's a good amount of locals that drop in.  It's always fun cause they don't mind staring and pointing when a big group Asians come through.  For some reason they always sit us in the back, although that may just be because the whole restaurants packed.If you're vegetarian like me, good luck.  They do have a decent selection of sides but not much in the way of main dishes.  Luckily I eat fish too, unfortunately their fish taco's aren't that good.  I may be biased cause we just great stuff in California.Combo platter is a good way to get a variety of food.  Was able to feed 3 and a half people with it (half person not being hungry and just wanting to drink)Banana Pudding is the way to go for dessert.Service is always great.  Have a coworker who likes collecting the labels of bears he drinks.  They threw away his first bottle cause he didn't say anything and I dropped his second bottle.  When we told the waitress, they ending up fishing out the first bottle from trash and washing it off and bringing him the empty box of second bottle.  He was happy camper.
4	Love it.  Relaxed, cool vibe, and great food.  There's nothing like some real BBQ goodness to confirm that we are in fact in the south.  The best review that can be given isn't going to be from a single person, but comes from everyone who responds to a friend who 'grabbed food at Mac's' with a hunger sigh and declaration that they want to go there immediately.  The chopped salad, macaroni and cheese and fries are pretty much my go to's, but I'd be happy to eat anything placed in front of me.   I can't speak to the service on the whole since i've had mixed results  - some servers are pretty attentive, and take orders, deliver food, and bring the check with no real interaction or specific timeline in between.
5	Mac's Speed Shop was amazing!  I loved how the environment was very chill.  I stepped inside and thought tit was cool inside.  I sat outside and liked how the tables could see the street, had music outside, and also a big screen tv in view.  I had gotten the Beer Can Chicken and thought it was THE MOST delicous chicken that I've ever had.  I will definitely be going back for more chicken!  My boyfriend had gotten the Combo Platter and it was well worth his money.  There was so much food, we had to get a box so we could take some home and enjoy it as well!
5	I'm really picky about my BBQ. Having grown up in GA, right down the street from Old South BBQ (www.oldsouthbbq.com/), and had it so often that it was as if I semi-lived there, I grew up with a perception of what "true" southern barbecue should like. As I got older and people took me to other barbecue restaurants, expecting me to like it as much as I did theirs- I and they were both sorely disappointed.I moved to Charlotte a few years ago and kept trying in angst to find a new barbecue restaurant to call my new "home." A friend recommended I try this location, and since they were paying, I didn't figure it could hurt.Was I ever surprised!! The barbecue is amazing! I got the Lil' Pig pulled pork sandwich. The meat was so juicy and tender, I didn't get a single bite of fatty gristle yuckiness, like some other places give. I also highly recommend the mac 'n cheese- and if you get the option of 2 sides, be sure to get a double helping. You won't regret it!!  Admittedly, I wasn't as happy with their Brunswick Stew. It seems more like a vegetable stew than the meaty stew I had grown up with.The atmosphere is very casual and comfortable. You may see a lot bikers enjoying the outside dining on the weekends, and you may see a lot of people in suits during the week at lunch time. But everyone enjoys the food and has a great time here!
5	There food is wonderful. Laid back atmosphere. I had pulled pork sandwich, it was huge and so yummy.Husband had the combo platter, it was alot of food. So good! Mac and cheese is so yummy. BBQ is de-liciousWill be going again for sure.
5	Will keep this one relatively short and sweet.  Its pretty much the best bbq I've had in Charlotte, which isn't necessarily saying a whole lot.  The competition is pretty weak in my opinion for NC being such a bbq hub.My favorite part about this place is the beer selection.  Absolutely top notch.  One of the best beer coolers in town and plenty of drafts as well.The BBQ is really good.  I just get the basic pulled pork with 2 sides.  Nice smoke flavor, not super dry like a lot in the area(IT DOESN"T NEED SAUCE). I always ask for a little bit of the burnt ends, such a smokier flavor.  It comes out quick with a little bit of sauce and you have a couple other sauces at the table.  You can also get a side of the chipotle wing sauce as recommended by my bartender.  I wasn't a fan of it, but could see how others might be  Honestly, I've never even tried anything else.The sides are great as well.  The onion rings aren't too greasy and are "real".  The mac and cheese has a great texture and flavor, all in all, just good food.They stay packed so, expect a wait on Friday and Saturday nights or if there is a big event going on.My only complaint, the bar stools, if your planning on sitting around and drinking there for a few hours, bring a little cushion, or sit outside.
3	I found it hard to believe that there is no good barbecue in Charlotte. I mean, really, Richmond Va. had better 'cue that a city in North Carolina? I never would have guessed.After hearing people rave about this place, saying it's the best bbq in Charlotte, the bf and I headed here for dinner. Yes, the beer selection is awesome. I would totally return here for drinks and perhaps a football game or the live music they have on weekend nights. For a meal, though? At least not a barbecued one.The boyfriend got a combo with pork, turkey, ribs and chicken. I got a pork platter. Their sauces were okay, none were fab, and the pork barely tasted smoked. On the combo, the ribs were the best, although they were waaay overcooked. Yes, the mac and cheese was good, but nothing you couldn't find at any Southern restaurant. I saw some burgers go out and they looked good, so maybe if I eat here again I'll try those? The bbq was just unimpressive. As I ate mine, I actually found it kind of unappetizing.If you live in Charlotte and are craving 'cue you might want to try this place. But, if you've been to other cities that actually have good barbecue, skip it. Stick to the awesome beers!
4	Great food and beer selection. Sat outside on a wonderful evening. Great place to go with friends and family.
5	Really good. A bit random being a BBQ place, but the fish tacos are amazing!!!!! Literally head and shoulders better than Cabo Fish Taco or Phat Burrito.
5	Five yelp Stars with ease!  Today at lunch was my first visit to any Macs!  Suspecting it would be good I was shocked at how good it was!  The Service was Incredible and fast too!  On the Food:  Brunswick Stew 4.75, Collard Greens 5.0, Beef Brisket 4.85 at least, Pulled Pork 5.0, St. Louis style Ribs 4.5, Vinegar BBQ Sauce 5.0, Mustard BBQ Sauce 4.0 at least, Carolina BBQ sauce 3.85, Macs version of  "Heinz 57" 3.0 and the Onion Rings 3.0 some (who are not so picky) will probably love these thick cut very seasoned perfectly cooked rings.  The hush Puppies were very good and the Honey Butter was too!
5	Still my favorite place in Charlotte.  Great draft selection, great food, fun atmosphere.
2	Their BBQ is pretty tasty, but the other day I was craving a burger and fries and figured it had to be decent.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  One of the worst burgers in recent memory (the cheese wasn't even melted) and the fries were nothing to be happy about either.  I think it was bad enough I will look elsewhere next time I am in the mood for some pulled pork.
5	This is a long overdue review. My CLT friends considered this THE #1 must-do while in town for the weekend and boy am I so glad we made it! The beer list was legit and the food was amazing -- the brisket, the pulled pork sandwich, the beer can chicken, hush puppies, potato salad, mac & cheese, baked beens. Good portions, lots of seating and friendly staff.
5	I don't eat meat, so I can't speak for the BBQ, but I LOVE this place.The veggie plate is awesome and gives you a great selection of classic BBQ sides.  Definitely get the mac-n-cheese and green bean casserole!
5	The first BBQ I had when we got to Charlotte two years ago, and it's still my favorite spot in town for a couple of reasons. So, Mac's Speed Shop gets my first review (and it goes for this location and the other I've visited on Sandy Porter Road in the Steele Creek area).First, the place knows what it is and does everything possible to make sure you enjoy yourself. Servers are attentive & knowledgable, service is fast, but you're also welcome to take your time and enjoy the extensive beer list for as long as you'd like.Second, the food's consistently top notch. It isn't the truest NC BBQ you'll find, so a hard-core traditionalist may not rave about it, but they have the right mix of variety and restraint that gives everyone in your party an option that's going to be GOOD. Other "wing" places need to recognize that these grilled & smokey wings are the best in town. Hungry for a steak? Try the KC Beef Rib instead. You'll feel like Fred Flintstone when it's put in front of you and like the luckiest yelper on earth when you're finished. And if you're there with five or six friends, please (PLEASE) take on the Fatboy Challenge together. For less than $50 you'll all get to try the best sandwich in Charlotte without the nasty side effects of trying to eat 5+ pounds of food by yourself. It's sweet, smokey, and surprisingly spicy on a great loaf of Ciabatta. Plus you get a big ol' bowl of Mac N Cheese and a pitcher of beer included on the tab.Third, that beer list. Mac's gets a little bit of everything and has the prettiest lineup of taps I've seen in this town. They have some cheaper domestic tall boys if that's your thing, but please do yourself the favor of asking the well-versed bartenders for a taste of something new or a recommendation based on your usual drink. You'll be better for it.Finally, as a Steelers fan, I love having this caliber of place to go on game days. Any football fan should have Mac's on their list of destinations for Monday Nights, too... a good chunk (if not all) of their drafts are always 1/2 off on Monday. Best deal in town.
4	I went in expecting a delicious meal of BBQ and that's exactly what I got. I got the pulled pork with a side of beef brisket w/onion rings and mac and cheese - the portion size was huge so I ended up bringing half of that home for lunch the next day - pork and mac and cheese were good re-heated - the brisket didn't make it home. The only downside was the fact that I had to order the pulled pork meal with a side of brisket - your only option to try more than 1 bbq'd meat is to get a plate of 4 different meats (too much for me). The restaurant should add a "meat duo" or "meat trio" platter option! Who does't love a meat trio?! Highly recommend this place if you're in the Charlotte area!!
4	Beers galore! Dare I say too many? Nope. Not at all. Especially compared to Taco Mac. Whatever your flavor of beer may be, Mac's will should have it.Turning the attention to the food... the meats are very good. They are slow cooked. I usually eat the pulled pork platter with two sides. Sometimes I will eat the beef brisket. The sauces for the meats add a nice flavor. The selection of side dishes is nice. And they do run out of some of the sides each day. Such as the mac n cheese. Mac's has the element of being a biker bar/restaurant. At the location on Sandy Porter, I've never seen bikers. The location on South Blvd. attracts the bikers. I like the loud atmosphere and look of the restaurant on the inside with lots of wood and bolts.If you are into rock music, good BBQ, and beer, Mac's is the place to visit. Both locations have outside seating.
4	Awesome BBQ. upset they didn't have some of the beer listed on menu after attempting to order the third beer. Regardless, the food was fantastic & we will be coming back for more.
4	Has the combo with brisket, pulled pork, turkey, and ribs.  Ribs and pork were great.  Brisket was good but not like some of the best I've had in Texas.  Turkey was too dry for my taste.  Huge beer selection from $2 to $30....yes a $30 dollar beer but it was a 22 oz.  Overall great atmosphere and perfect to watch college football on a Saturday.
3	Mediocre BBQ for North Carolina.  The atmosphere is nice and the people are nice, but the BBQ is middlin' at best.  It is indeed a cool place to eat.  The SouthWest salad is very good and the Pulled Pork Sandwhiches come in 3 different sizes.
5	When I first came here I was sold from the beers and the BBQ.   My friend and I have been coming here on Sundays for our normal holiday of I am still wearing the same clothes as last night and smell like dirty club. There is a huge beer selection to get rid of your hangover and motorcycle galore so the exhaust will remind you of all the cigarettes you smoked before. So after loving the BBQ and the brisket now I come here for the wings.  The wings ( especially chipotle) are so friggin good. They fall off the bone with a hint of smoke.  They have tons of TV so there is usually every game on in the bar and the servers are usually friendly.  You can't go wrong with bikers, live bands, a plethora of beer, and good food.
2	I went here based on the reviews from yelp and sadly i was verrrry disappointed. The only thing i really liked about this place was the decor and the vast selection of beer. They were pretty packed so it seems they have a good reputation but there isn't very much seating and it's mostly high tops with two booths that I could see. I don't mind sitting at high tops but the stools were SERIOUSLY uncomfortable and there was no way that I could sit there and drink for hours watching the game because my butt would go numb! The service was great and we had a very friendly server who was very attentive and made some good beer suggestions. I ordered the brisket expecting to be blown away but I was left extremely disappointed. It was very dry, seemed like it was left over from yesterday or something. It was not juicy or oozing flavor it was just bland and hard as a rock, gross! My waitress saw that I only had a few bites and asked me how I liked it. I told her the truth, that it stunk! So she took it off my bill without me saying anything, i kind of felt bad about that..but all in all I'm going to go back and give it another try, maybe it was just an off day. But so far not as big a fan as everyone else seems to be.
4	After hearing about this show on TV, and taking a trip down to NC for thanksgiving, this was a set destination. A family friend has recommended it, and my b.f said it got great reviews so on our way back home we decided to check it out. my entire trip i was dying for some good BBQ, and i most certainly found it.I went on a saturday night around 8:30ish. wasn't really too crowded. Live music was playing, and the tv's were showing football. (duh)Waitress greeted us quickly. Drinks came pretty fast. Any question we had the waitress gave us a very knowledgable answer.my boyfriend ordered the beef rib with a side of mac and cheese. i ordered a sampler dish. it has beer can chicken (literally a half of a chicken), pulled pork, beef brisket and pork ribs. it came with two sides so i chose baked beans, and green bean casserole. the portions are HUGE. HUGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE. I couldn't believe it. my boyfriends beef rib was literally the size of my leg. it was so tender and flavorful. great pick. my dinner. o-m-g. i felt as if i ate so much and didn't even make a dent in my plate. the chicken was sooo tender and juicy, it fell right off the bone. my pulled pork was delish, put it on a nice slice of texas toast. so buttery. the ribs were amazing. seriously so tender and flavorful. and my beef brisket melted in my mouth. the baked beans were a little tomato-y but good, and my green bean casserole was on the money. i was so pleased with this place, i wish i hadn't been driving home to NYC or else i would have taken my leftovers home. i was so full i couldn't even walk.but you know i saved a little bit of room for dessert. Bourbon cheesecake. the caramel sauce was infused with bourbon. the cheese cake was smooth and yummy.they had some beer specials for the night $2 bud lites (my beer of choice) and a list of specialty beers that went on for days. so many beers!service was great, food was excellent, and the atmosphere was cool. very biker- ish.damn, i wish this exsisted in new york.
2	After hearing that Macs was the best BBQ in Charlotte, I rushed right over.I've eaten there twice now, and both times I was disappointed.The meat was tough and the sauces were good, but nothing special.Both times I ate there I had the sneaking suspicion that I was just hitting them on a bad day, or an off time.I might give Mac's one more try before I drop it down to  two stars and give up on it forever.   I really want it to be as good as people say.**EDIT:** I gave Mac's a 3rd try.  I was thoroughly disappointed.  It seems no matter what I order, the meat is always tough and dry.   I have, in fact, NEVER had a great meal there.   The best they seem to be able to offer is "adequate".They get 2 stars from me.(NOTE:  Mac's has other locations, and I did get a PHENOMENALLY GOOD brisket from one of their other stores)
4	In Charlotte on business again, and wanted to try some new yelp fav's....We showed up around 7 and there was a line out the door. Must be good! (And it was!)Definitely a great menu, and a TON of awesome beers available. Having never been there, i went for the sampler plate. It showed up with a ton of meat :)The pulled pork was great, the texas sausage was great, the ribs were good, but the thing i looked most forward to was the brisket. Sadly, it let me down. It was a little overcooked and crispy. Had some good flavor, but not quite as awesome as others in the area.The side of chilli was amazing!!! Give it a go! Great spot! But the brisket is way better at Midwood Smokehouse on the other end of town.
5	I'm writing this review because I was remembering my visit back in May of this year. The food was awesome by far the best bbq I have ever tasted. I'm from Cali and there is nothing like it on the West coast. If I ever make it to the East coast I'll to find a way to fly in to Charlotte for a long lay over. HA!! My favorite sides dishes were the mac-n-cheese and the green bean casserole.
5	Freaken amazing!!! Fun, cool spot with great beer specials and the food is out of this world amazing!!! I always get the pork dish with green bean casserole and baked beans. All of their side items are to die for (mac & cheese) and even though they are known for their ribs, pork and brisket. Their chicken and burgers are the best. You can get the burger cooked the way you like and it melts in your mouth. The bread is always fresh and if you don't like the way the meat comes, you can always add your own sauce flavor to it. Management must be fantastic because the servers do not turn over and the staff is always friendly. Highly recommended for sports games, an evening out with friends for some great food, or to just hang out and have a few cocktails!!!! :)
3	Visited the south Charlotte location.  Waiter service good but the front entrance left lots to be desired...no shelter from the outside weather or smokers.  The pimento cheese dip is great- spicy and rich.  The pulled pork is more flavorful than most I've had in Charlotte and Mac's didn't drown the meat in sauce. The brunswick stew was less stew than pepper soup (like minestone with a little meat added).  One of my friends had the brisket quesadilla and was nuts over it.  All things considered the food was pretty good.
2	The BBQ is ok, and we're I rating the food alone might give 3 stars, but the rudeness of the staff (the acting GM none the less) will keeper from going back.I went to go and pick up some food I had ordered for an NFC playoff party, and the order was incomplete, it was missing one of the BBQ sauces we had ordered.  We had been charged for 2 bottles and gotten only one.  When I pointed this out to the server (who turned out to be the GM) he said "you already got one.". When I showed him the bill for 2 bottles he huffed off and then literally threw the second bottle in to the box.  I knocked over a pound of pork and cracked the container.  After he left I asked I there was someone I could talk to about my order and I was told that he was the acting general manager.  This place is simply too expensive to be treated that way.
5	This place has the best BBQ I have ever had.  Honestly, the "a lil bit of everything platter" is such a good deal, they give you a lot of food.  The ribs, pulled pork, brisket and smoked chicken are so good!!!  Also the Mac and Cheese and Green bean casserole are excellent.  Never have I been disappointed with the food here over my numerous visits.  The other Macs are great too!!!
5	Wonderful BBQ!!  Very very tender and juicy!  This is the place you are looking for!
5	Beef Brisket, mac-n-cheese, spicy ensalada side salad and sweet tea was AMAZING!! First time in Charlotte and wanted "southern" food and was pleased. Loved the out door appeal as well as the indoor decor. Overall great experience. Will be coming here twice a year when I'm in Charlotte for business.
2	Uninspired, bland and poorly prepared food. The barbecue was flavorless and not the melt-in-your-mouth experience I'm used to. The mac and cheese had soggy noodles, little cheese, and was also entirely flavorless. I will not return here and I would not recommend it to anyone with tastebuds.
4	Stopped by after some co-workers (who are beer fans) raved about the selction and yes they have a wide array of beers on tap and even more on bottle.  I had the BBQ hot wings and they were great.  I decided to stick with the traditional buffalo since that's a pretty good baseline for me and I have to say the smoke from the grill on these things was just amazing.Great Atmosphere, Good food and March Madness why not!!!
4	I had the smoked beef sausage (cold?), the Carolina beef brisket (weird), the pulled pork (pretty darn good) and the St. Louis ribs (waaaayy over done).While I prefer more of a KC or Memphis style BBQ, I've had Eastern Carolina style. The locals love the place, the portions are generous, but not all of it suited my taste.The place was packed, service was fast, and the beer was great.
2	I just moved here from Chicago- and I was so excited to move south and get some fabulous BBQ.  But I was sad to find out that Charlotte is just not showin up in the BBQ dept.  I had a great mediterranian salad there, really good- but I was there for the Q and was just not impressed.  It was just tough meat, I dont know how some BBQ places make it so tender but... neither does Macs apparently.  The server was fabulous and I love the vibe there- comfy biker bar with warm friendly staff- but am still on the hunt for a really good BBQ rib.
5	My co-worker and I were in Charlotte for business and had been hearing about Mac's for several days, so decided to take a shot.  I love a good dive and Mac's fit the bill perfectly!  The inside eating area is open and spacious, and there's a neat patio area out front.  We aren't from the south so our goal was to eat only southern food.  I had the BBQ'd pulled pork Cuban sandwich, my co-worker had the combo platter which consisted of brisket, pork, ribs and turkey.  We also ordered fried pickles and hush puppies.I'll spare you the details but suffice it to say everything was DE LI CIOUS!  Only a couple exceptions:  I've had a Cuban sandwich in Florida and I'm not sure this was authentic.  But the pork was fantastic.  My co-worker said the combo was awesome but she didn't like the turkey.  Our server was a spunky gal named Rosalee, you'll be in great hands if she waits on you.  She gave us great advice on what to order, also provided alot of information about the local area. If you are in Charlotte on business there are a million restaurants downtown (Uptown?) within walking distance.  But this joint is worth the train ride.  Pick up the train at the Epicenter and get off at New Bern.  Walk about 4 blocks and there you are.  Enjoy!
5	Great wings and sandwiches
1	If you don't mind screaming to hear the people with you, rude hostesses, nasty servers that only come when it's time to drop your cold food off, sticky tables, no room to walk, and food that's trying to be passed off as southern, this is the spot for you!Oh, and waiting 45 minutes, hostesses that can't be bothered to get you a takeout menu, etc.....I keed, I keed.  Seriously though - don't go to the south end location.  All hype, just luring tourists in.I almost forgot!  You get free catty comments from the hostesses with every visit.  FREE!!!Worst.  Dinner.  Ever.
5	This is my go to spot for BBQ.  They have great sauce and a variety of them to feed anyone's preferred style.  When i need BBQ and a cold one, Macs always is great.  I have also had their catering at a few parties and it makes for a great meal.  I also love their sides, great Mac and Cheese.  I use to also work right up the road, it was a great spot to get lunch.
4	WOW! This place is fantastic! I dined there with friends on March 28, and was pleasantly surprised. What I liked most was the fact that they serve beef ribs, which are rare as I don't eat pork. The ribs were juicy, charred, and cooked just right. The live music was a nice touch too. Can't wait to go back.
4	Best BBQ I have had in Charlotte....Until I tried Midwood Smokehouse...sorry Mac's
4	Awesome. Let me tell you, this would be the BBQ place I would go to every time (and maybe give a 5 star). The reason why I'm giving 4 was because the service was meh. When I came in here, it was kind of dark however there were a couple of televisions and a bar. There are plenty of tables inside and it's a stool kind of seating. Outside, there's picnic tables and a stage where they usually play music during the weekends starting at 8 PM. (I'm pretty sure it's Friday and Saturday night, but I"m not positive) I remember driving by this place after my rehearsals and finding tons of bikers sitting outside and eating. Never tried it out till a fellow yelper (Grace L.) took me here.They played awesome music. Every song I knew and liked, so that was an extra when I was chowing down on my meal. I ordered the 4 course which meant that I could mix any of the 6 selections and get 2 sides. This was a massive meal. I could have finished, but I decided to take some home and enjoy it the next day. I ordered Beer Can Chicken, Ribs, Brisket, and Pulled Pork. With the red sauce that they make, it was absolutely delicious.The chicken was moist and not dry, and had tons of juice inside. The pulled pork with the sauce was amazing, put that in between the toast they provide with the meal and it'll be even more delicious. Their ribs are well known in the Charlotte area, as the meat slides right off the bone and has a popping flavor to it. And the brisket. Oh, the brisket is awesome. You have to try it to believe it.My sides were usual, Mac n Cheese (which was good), Fries, and I started off with a salad (because I mean, if you're going to eat all meat lets have something a little healthy)Overall, I will be bringing my family next time we're craving for some BBQ and decide to go a little further. (There's a BBQ near the house that is okay, but because of distance that's where they usually go) If I don't bring my parents, I will definitely find someone to go with me the next time I'm craving for some BBQ. And I'll see if next time they'll earn that last star.
5	I had a weekend warrior gig with a friend's band back in October of 2010 in Charlotte and I immediately yelped "good bbq". I quickly found out that Charlotte wasn't really known for BBQ and it was more renowned for prime rib or something I wasn't as interested in. Luckily, I found Mac's Speed Shop up on here and my plans were set. I even ended up bring a vegetarian who broke veg and got a Flinstones-esque BBQ beef rib. He was a little bit overwhelmed, but satisfied. I got the pulled pork and had a field day with the various sauces laid out on the table. The meat was moist and delicious and the SC mustard style sauce was the reason I relished the opportunity to visit the Carolinas, even if I was in the wrong one. The perfect blend of tang, sweet and spice. Unfortunately, I spend most of my time on the west coast and have no immediate plans to return to the south. Which is truly a shame, since BBQ is the ultimate comfort food and it's hard to find a great BBQ joint in CA that isn't a chain.
5	Alright, here we go... round two. And not to my surprise I'm going to have to update this place with 5 stars. The second time around was just as good as the first, plus the great service. My family and I came out this time together (I dragged them out here because I told them there were better BBQ spots) and were they glad they came! We sat outside and enjoyed the awesome tunes that they pumped out on a nice evening.Now that I have completely blown their minds away with the food we will be coming back here when we have a craving for BBQ. We ordered what I ordered by myself last time, the 'whole lot of stuff' combo platter and then we decided it wasn't enough so we also ordered the 'little bit of stuff' and our combo was everything but the turkey (we have something to get next time we go.)The Texas sausage to me wasn't worth it. We only got one link, and in my opinion if we got pulled pork it would have been more worth it and more filling. Anyways, I end with this: As far as the laws of barbecue refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
5	While in town on business, I asked a local for some good REAL BBQ that the locals go to. She immediately recommended Mac's. She said it's great BBQ and a great time, and she did not tell a lie! Of course we started with the fried pickles, which is one of my favorite dishes. These did not disappoint! The touch of tabasco gives it a litte kick, they were perfectly sliced and fried, and the ranch was super creamy. Then I had the pulled pork and could instantly tell from all the packed in flavor that it had been smoking for at least 2 days. AMAZEBALLS!! I tried all their house made bbq sauces and preferred the red sauce. I was offered two sides with my dish and texas toast (which I didn't eat because it got in the way of the main ingredient-PORK!) I chose cheddar grits, which is a huge weakness for me when in the South, because you know it's done right! and then coleslaw (for something light), which was fresh, light and not too much mayo. One of my colleagues also had the pulled pork with the same experience I had. We kept looking at each other with that knowing, "this is amazing" look. My other colleage tried the "just a little bit" platter as they wanted to try a little bit of all the meats, and I'm not kidding it was like 3-4 meals in one, and it came with two sides! If you've got a big appetite for bbq, this is what you should get!The service was also amazing. Our server was very friendly and had good recommendations from the menu. Last, we came around 7pm on a friday night and we barely got a table it was already packed. There was a live band playing old rock n roll and blues, that were actually pretty good! They were called Fandango. I overheard one of the waitresses saying to another that at least they were good enough for people to stay. Apparently that's not always the case there. Regardless of the entertrainment, I highly recommend this place, and if/when I'm ever back in Charlotte, I will be going back.
4	Five stars for the wings, best in Charlotte.  Also had the brisket taco, which was SO small :(  Definitely will go back for the wings though, they were incredible.
5	Love the food and atmosphere at Macs!  I've been frequenting this BBQ place for years and it never disappoints.  Also a fail safe place that I take friends who are visiting from out of town. Cant go wrong with the pulled pork BBQ or even the pulled turkey if you want to be a little healthy. Collared greens are my favorite side item for sure!
4	The portions are huge, the biker atmosphere is fun, and the food was excellent. I experienced some of the best collard greens I've had, addictive hush puppies and a pork wing that is a MUST if you visit. I guess a pork wing is a NC specialty, but it was moist, juicy and really tasty. I much prefer it to the nasty NC barbq with the sauce already mixed into the meat -- my Texas and Tennessee soul just doesn't care for NC pork barbq. But the pork wing -- that's as good as anything in Memphis. Mac's is an institution, a lot of fun and a unique experience.
5	Great food and great atmosphere.  This was a regular dinner spot for me during my 2 years of working in Charlotte and it never disappointed.  4.5 stars would be a more accurate rating.  The BBQ is very good, especially the pulled pork and brisket, but I wasn't a big fan of the ribs.  Hard to go wrong with any of the sides: collared greens, mac N cheese, hush puppies, chili, etc.  Large beer selection and easily visible TVs.
4	2nd trip in two weeks for the brisket.   Ribs great too. Hard to go wrong here. Everyone really enjoyed the meal.  I would skip the coleslaw, not that great. Other than that very good. Had brisket tacos and shrimp tacos, very good.  Turkey was a bit dry but tasty.  Our complaint though had to do with service (which is why I am only giving them 4 stars for this night).  We had a table just inside the door leading to the outside dining area. Almost every server that came in or went out the door, brushed my guest sitting on the corner chair. We finally put an empty high chair there to make them go around.  Unfortunate table, but the food is still worth going!  For you beer lovers, tons of beer on tap (30 something I think).
3	Used to love this place.  It was my go-to place when I wanted to treat myself.  Having said that, our last few experiences have been mediocre at best.  We tried out the location in the Steel Creek area.  It was OK, but just OK.  I thought maybe it was the new location that wasn't up to par so we went to the South Blvd location yesterday.  Yuk!!!  Not what I am accustomed to at all.  I didn't eat half of my sandwich.  It was full of fat, gristle and bone - yes, a big chunk of bone.  My husband commented that he felt gross because his sandwich too was full of fat.  To top it off, the service was lacking.  We had to chase our waitress down to get our check (after waiting forever).  As I was attending to my child, another waitress dropped a drink in a trash can nearby that splashed all over me.  Not so much as "I'm sorry."  It used to be our favorite spot ... not anymore.  Probably won't go back.
5	I finally found a NON-CHAIN BBQ that I actually like!  The brisket was out of this world! I'm going back to try the other meats!
5	Love the pulled pork and what a great beer list!! This is a great place.
5	The place is great.  The food is awesome and the service is even better.  They really don't kill you on price either
5	Live music. Great Beer. BBQ... I've frequent this place so much in the past few months I had to break down and buy a motorcycle just so I could fit in with the crowd. Thanks Mac for making me poor. All worth it though. Always ask for their larger beer list. They have some hidden gems on there. I've always stuck with the larger combination plate and share. Turkey, pork, chicken, brisket. Can't go wrong. The brisket is a little different however. Keep that in mind before you go having a hissy. But really this place is great. Always a great server. Laid back atmosphere and enough food to put you in coma.
5	We went to king s BBQ and it was closed. We needed a back up plan and found Mac s speed shop on yelp and figured hey what the heck.  One word: amazing.  The staff was friendly the atmosphere was comfortable and then the food was complete above my expectations. The fried pickles are banging, the can chicken delicious,  even the tacos were good. Definitely a keeper
4	2 Words:  Excellent Service.  Service was quick and organized.  The place was packed but the placed moved like a oiled machine.  I had the brisket sandwich (see image).  I can't lie, I've had better brisket in Texas and in North Carolina.  I don't recommend the brisket.  It was fatty and chewy.  The ribs looked really good!  If I go again that's what I'll try.  Sides I recommend are the mac & cheese and green bean casserole.  I didn't drink but they had $2 bud & bud light bottles.
5	YUM!!  Mac's was exactly what I wanted it to be: welcoming, noisy and smells delicious! I had the smoked turkey with mac and cheese and grits.  The turkey was juicy and flavorful.  The sides were delicious and grits were perfect.  The service was great and moved surprisingly well for how crowded the floor plan is as well as how many patrons were there! Recommend to anyone!
4	Pulled pork is bland, but OMG the rest of the menu is awesome. Avoid the steele creek location if you can.
4	Wanted some good BBQ while I was visiting Charlotte.  Cool vibe in the restaurant.  Had a small sampler here.  It's huge!  Comes with 4 meats and 2 sides.  Tried the ribs, brisket, chicken and pulled pork for my meat and tried cheese grits and collard greens for my sides.  Would definitely stop in again when I'm back in Charlotte
4	I heard great things about Mac's and fortunately, left the restaurant happy and stuffed full of delicious barbecue. I ordered the half slab of st. louis ribs with the mac and cheese and green bean casserole for sides. The ribs were tender, juicy, and falling off the bone! I was feeling like good wholesome BBQ and that definitely hit the spot.  The mac-and-cheese was decent although I wish it had been baked on the top. The green bean casserole was a nice 'vegetable' side. I also tried the baked beans - with speckles of meat chunks they were awesome! My friends raved about the collard greens. The best thing about Mac's though is the variety of sauces available at the table. They had everything from mustard to Carolina vinegar. My favorite was the Red BBQ sauce mixed in with the vinegar soaked with chili peppers. Overall, the food was good and it definitely seemed like an iconic (although arguably less authentic than a rural stop) North Carolina location. I recently stopped by Midwood Smokehouse as well and still prefer Mac's!
5	Well, I have been in Charlotte for about 8 years and I still have yet to find better BBQ than at Mac's!  I went yesterday and had the most delicious and messy pulled pork sandwich.  I don't think that I looked up the entire time that I was eating, just drilled it.  The mac n cheese and the green bean casserole never disappoint.  Something I forget to do sometimes is ask for the hushpuppies, but I remembered yesterday and YUMMY! Another delicious meat there is the beer can chicken, so juicy!  Although after I finished I felt like I needed a hand truck to haul me out of there, it was amazing and I will be back...I always come back.  In the summer, the Wild Blue bottled beer is very refreshing on a hot day.
4	Excellent ribs, fun atmosphere, great drinks!  What more can a girl ask for!! Great local place!!
5	Maybe my favorite meal during the week we spent in Charlotte.  I knew that we had to be able to get some good BBQ while in NC and all signs pointed to Mac's.  The staff was great, beer selection was excellent, and food was awesome.  We shared an order of smoked wings for app.  Sauces were super tasty and wings were smoked to perfection.  I had the brisket snagwich with a side of Mac & Cheese. The Mac & Cheese was just like you'd make at home, unless your a horrible cook then it would be much better than what you'd make at home.  Anyway everyone really enjoyed their meals, I was trying to convince everyone that we needed to make a return visit before we left but we ran out of time.  Would not hesitate to visit Mac's again the next time I am in Charlotte.
5	Me and my husband were on a road trip and wanted some good southern bbq.  We were not disappointed!  We had the most amazing pulled pork sandwich.  Deliciously flavored meet that tasted like it had been smoking for hours, and soft melty bread in each bite.  We tried the fried pickles which were actually good considering I do not even like pickles!  The baked beans were amazing.  The staff was friendly and didn't mind we asked to move tables, apologizing that it may take a bit longer since the server got sat two tables at the same time.  The service was actually fast and speedy.  If we lived closer we would go back, the plates looked amazing and had huge portions!  They also have different bbq sauces to eat on your food and each one was delightful. A must try!
4	We ventured into Mac's Speed Shop recently on a Friday night around 9:30 PM. The live music was just gearing up and the patio filling but we sat inside at one of the front booths. Mac's is a neat place and its motto "Beer, Bikes, BBQ" truly fits. The Southend location is located on our way home from I-77 so we often pass by and see motorcycles lined up. Steele Creek and Lake Norman locations also exist and a new location opened recently in Greenville, SC. In South End Mac's is open until midnight Sun. - Tues. and until 2 AM Wed. - Sat.Service was attentive and obviously knowledgeable. The waitress recommended the onion rings over the fries and they were a good choice with my pulled pork platter. The pulled pork was pretty good although the portion wasn't that big (of course it was the small platter) perhaps the better to try one of the delicious sounding appetizers or the hush puppies, which we skipped this visit. Calvin enjoyed the fish po'boy also. I was a bit skeptical of him ordering fish at a place with BBQ in its name but it was actually quite tasty and I enjoyed that it was blackened instead of the usual po'boy fried. We did sample the banana pudding for dessert - a worthy rendition including some tasty real whipped cream on top. It was such a good portion that I even took some home for later. Calvin enjoyed a couple of the beer selections, which are varied and include the usual and the unusual. We also noticed that Mac's offers half price appetizers Monday through Friday from 4 - 6 PM - we will definitely be back soon! I am looking forward to trying the chili and the Brunswick stew.
4	Excellent Service. Good food. Standard american fare.
2	Ladies and gentleman.....Mac's just may be the most exceptionally OVERRATED restaurant in the area!  I know food and this place is absolutely nothing special as far as food goes.  They are good  but that is all.  There are a tasty variety of sauces and all your usual bbq food.  I have been about 10x (just bc of convenience in regards toproximity to work) and a few times the food came out like room temp or only warm.  You gotta eat bbq HOT.   Also, the brisket is tough every single time and way to thick...its like jerky.  Go to Bobbie O's on old statesville road if you want some kick ass real bbq! (go for take out if you have more than 4 and it is always really hot in there).
4	Great food. Great beer. Great service. Great atmosphere.
4	This was the first restaurant in Charlotte my coworker took me to, so there must be something special. The restaurant is located at South End/ Dilworth area, and they have a large outside seating area on the patio, which was very pleasant.I had their grilled honey BBQ chicken. The subtle sweetness of the honey blends in perfectly with the BBQ sauce. My favorite part was the lightness of the sauce. It was a refreshing change from the syrapy, thick, heavy sauces that I and most Americans are used to. It was a good time, and I will for sure be back again!
1	I tried to go there for the first time yesterday afternoon, but they were closed from 1:00 to 6:00 for a private party. Maybe I'll be able to go back next month. Uh...whoever heard of closing a whole restaurant for a private party?
5	Great BBQ ! Every dish I have had here has been great. The service is always fast and friendly. Its perfect for a friday lunch when you don't have a busy afternoon because you will be STUFFED. I normally get the pulled pork LARGE sandwich and have mac n cheese as a side ! All of the sauces are pretty tasty and do not taste like they came from a grocery store case !
5	Being that I am from the DC area and in Charlotte for the week, why not try some good ol' Carolina Bar-b-q.  I was given a recommendation by "Price's Chicken Coop" (awesome fried chicken BTW) to try Mac's speed shop.  At first, I was a little leery of a restaurant called "Mac's Speed Shop", but instantly understood the name once I saw it.  As weird as it sounds, it's a family friendly biker bar.  You approach the place and you immediately notice the flat black "Mac's Speed shop" rat rod parked out front.    This thing is bad ass. It had an exposed V12 Jaguar motor. We parked in this lot next to the restaurant and realized that it had enough parking for a lot of cars and bikes on both sides of the restaurant. Next, you notice that the outdoor patio seating in the front of the restaurant had just as much space as the inside.  Entering, you were immediately greeted by beautiful tattoo'd biker type servers, which rival any "Hooters" any day because they have a "bad girl" edginess to them, but sweet personalities.     Not being very knowledgeable of Bar-b-q in general, I had my mind set on the the Kansas style beef rib with greens and mac-n-cheese.  I ignorantly asked  our server Kelli if they served a half slab of ribs and she smiled and politely stated " Uh, it only comes as ONE rib.... You'll see, it's plenty"    She promptly served the food and WOW!, she was not joking,  the platter came with one rib. It was a huge rib that probably had about 12-16 oz. of meat on it.  The taste was amazing with their "Red sauce" and the meat was so tender and juicy that I did not use my knife once, it just pulled away from the bone. Did I mention that these sides were also amazing.  The greens had great flavor and the mac was a combination of both crunchy cheese and creamy soft noodles.  Needless to say, I went back a couple days later, wanting to try a bit of every type of meat entree that they had to offer.  Wouldn't you know it, they had a combination platter called wither a "Little bit of stuff" or a Lot a bit of stuff" where you can choose four out of six meats. I chose the Saint Louis pork ribs, Texas beef brisket, Smoked pulled Turkey, and Beer can Chicken.  I have to say, after eating all different types, you can't go wrong.     Oh, and if you have enough room for dessert, get the Fried Apple pie.  It is a huge fried apple pie, accompanied with three scoops of what appeared to be hand made vanilla ice cream, and drizzled with home made caramel.     I got to admit, I would take a bike trip down to Charlotte just for the food. Great Job Mac! Thanks again.
5	While I was visiting Charlotte I decided that I wanted to try some authentic Carolina BBQ, and I was told to visit Mac's Speed Shop for a positive experience.  I was vey impressed with what they offered, from the food to the drink to the restaurant itself.  The staff here is very kind and despite being a full house, they were very quick to take my order, deliver drinks and food, and take time to chat sense I was eating alone (business visit).  The food was delicious, and with this being the first time I was trying the native BBQ, I went for the combo platter with the small portions of different types of meat.  Included was the ribs, brisket, pulled pork, and turkey.  Each meat was perfectly cooked, full of flavor, and perfect texture.  The sides of fries and beans were very good as well.  The restaurant has a full bar and sports the local brews from the surrounding areas, which added to the authenticity of the BBQ experience and gave me the opportunity to try out some of the local favorites.  The restaurant has Southern accent to it and you can spend your entire time there looking at the stuff they have hung on walls, not to mention that they have multiple televisions showing different games (including Euro football!) for personal enjoyment.  After my experience there, I can firmly state that I will be visiting Mac's again next time I am in the Charlotte region.
5	I am a huge fan of macs... they have the best nachos, yeah nachos... sometimes we go there and thats all we order. Their pulled pork is excellent as well. Those are the two items we mainly order, have gotten salads which are good but I would pass on the tacos... they tend to be lacking something, I think they need some sort of sauce to spice them up a bit. They have a nice big patio outside perfect on those gorgeous Carolina days. The place does get PACKED, especially at lunch so keep that in mind. Even togo orders can take a long time so keep that in mind!
4	What a difference location makes or is it the fact that this is the original location? Well, we were very pleased with our service here compared to Steele C location.  Came on a Sunday afternoon and it was pretty busy. This time around I tried the brisket sandwich with baked beans and BF tried the large smokey turkey plate with macaroni&cheese and fries. My sandwich was open faced with texas toast and it was yummo...LOL. The baked beans were also very tasty. BF said his smoked turkey was pretty good and enjoyed his sides. We almost did not make room for dessert, but managed to try the apple bread pudding. Our server told us desserts are made in house and we could  tell. We love a good bread pudding and this one was no exception. Plus the $4 price was great and scoop of vanilla ice-cream. We will definitely be come back, but to THIS location.
4	Be sure to leave your belt inside the car or home. You won't be needing it after the meal. Your pants will wrap around nicely your hip and your sagging belly. Oh don't be surprised if you bring 80% of the food back home. I did. No regrets.I have greedy eyes. This is never good with all these BBQ goodies at this place. I got for myself, yes just for myself, half dozen BBQ SC Mustard chicken wings, and the combo platter that came with 2 orders of the Beef brisket, pulled pork, and St. Louis ribs with mac and cheese and. Oh yes, 2 pints of beers too.Call me a fat ass. I admit it. I am one. I travel and I eat, then repeat. But now, let's get to the food. Let's just say, all that rave about the brisket are NOT legitimate. It was good, but not worth two orders of it. Besides, it only came as 2 slices. I rather have double up on the orders of the St Louis ribs. MY GOD. Now that was good! The pulled pork was negligible and not worth mentioning. Just drench it with the Carolina BBQ sauce, and it'll be fine.I forgot to mention the chicken wings because, I wanted to highlight it here. It's good. IT'S NOT FRIED! Thank God! The SC mustard sauce gave a bit of sweetness and tanginess. Delish.Thus:Ribs - 5Brisket - 3Pulled Pork - 2Wings - 4Beer - 5 (GREAT GREAT GREAT SELECTION OF DRAFT BEER!!!)All in all. This place is great. It's packed. As a lonely salesman, the TVs set above the bar keeps me company on NFL gamedays.
4	Tried the Lil Bit of Stuff platter with the beer can chicken, brisket, pulled pork and ribs, alongside some greens and mac n cheese.  I had high expectations of authentic North Carolina bbq. The chicken and ribs  were decent, but the brisket and pulled pork were phenomenally good.. We went on bike night and were entertained by a pretty good band.
5	As we pulled into the parking lot, I get the immediate retro vibe. Above some of the park spaces is a sleek roof that hovers over the cars, much like what you would see in old time movies. The interior is set up like a regular bar with wooden tables and high stools.. very chill environment. There's a bonfire out front.. HOW COOL! I always see loads of motorcycles in the parking lot when I pass by. Though they belong to customers, they blend well with the masculine-sleek style of the restaurant. I am the last person you would hear raving about a BBQ place, but WOW! I've heard so much hype about Mac's Speed Shop and kinda just put it off. I thought that it must be overrated. I feel ashamed because I pass Mac's everyday on the way home from work.. silly me! Swallowing my words because Mac's is officially my favorite BBQ place in Charlotte!We ordered the "A Little Bit of Stuff" combo platter, which allows you to choose 4 of the items listed. We chose Brisket, St. Louis Ribs, Pulled Pork and Smoked Turkey. All of it was delicious, but I would be happier with just a whole lot of brisket and ribs! Our platter came with two sides. We had to stick to the classics and choose mac n' cheese (bc the restaurant is called Mac's, of course :P) and green bean casserole. YOU MUST TRY THE GREEN BEAN CASSEROLE! .. MUST! AT ALL COSTS! They simply melt in your mouth and give you the comfort of good ole southern food! Surprisingly, the mac n' cheese were just "okay" .. nothing too extraordinary. Though it wasn't bad enough for me to not give Mac's a five star review! Try a different side and let me know.. pleaseee :)Not only are the selections delicious, there are house-made Mac's sauces on every table! Initially, I separated the 3 sauces on the plate. After the first few bites, I mixed everything together! They are all amazing separately, but together.. this sauce can rule the world! Thank you, Mac's! I can't wait to come back!
5	Wow! A real fun place to watch some football, have a few drinks and be AMAZED at the Food! We have all been to places that make plenty of claims that there food is the best yet for my two cents the food Mac's puts on your table is one of the best BBQ platters I have ever eaten. Hot served food, reasonably priced with that long smoked flavor that you just can't get in Wisconsin. The staff is the friendliest I have met on the road. You will not be disappointed.This is a place that will be my absolute first stop when back in Charlotte.
4	Good food, good service, great beer selection!!
2	Hit Mac's for the 3rd time since moving to CLT 3 years ago.  I finally had to write.In my opinion OVERATED.I had the brisket the first two times and was very disappointed both times.  Tough, chewy, and not much of it.  Yet this is the place that supposedly has the best brisket in town.  Sides: Meh.This trip I went with the pulled pork thinking it would be a safe bet.  Just so-so.  I have had better in town many times.So why even give them 2 stars?This is a FUN place!  Cool atmosphere, great beer list, good service, music just right, etc.  Will I go back?  Probably if I'm going to be in the area.  But definitely not a spot I will go out of my way for.
2	Well Sunday is NOT the day to find good BBQ in N.C. so that part is on us , so we had to settle for what was open, and we read some reviews on this place decided to give it a  try,,my advice is to keep drivin if this is all you have to choose from. My husband and I had the combo platter of pulled pork  and brisket. My brisket looked really strange, and tasted like something from a Stouffers meal the pulled pork was also just ok, the Mac and Cheese was good, def pass on the collard greens , I know everyone has a different opinion on their greens but they didnt taste like they were cooked long enough and had too much salt for me . The waitress was pleasant and offered me cheese grits instead, which were not bad. Overall not the best representation of Carolina Q.
5	I love love love BBQ.There are few things that compare to licking sweet and tangy BBQ sauce off of your fingers after finishing a dinosaur portion of ribs and pulled pork. In Charlotte (and the South), this must be a sacred past time because they seem to have perfected it around here.When you pull up to Mac's Speedshop you are welcomed by the vintage Harley Davidsons parked outside - not to the mention the mouth-watering aroma of grilled meat wafting in the air. On sunny days, you'll find tons of people smacking their lips outside on the benches because this place is always filled. They don't take reservations, but should you have to wait, it's well worth it!I've been here a few times, yet I still have so much more to try on the menu. They have a great variety of BBQ options that cater to all taste preferences. Even salads! One can often make the mistake of over-estimating how much they can eat while they're here. Portions are enormous - no joke! You eat here 3 days in a row and you'll gain an easy 10 lbs no problem. Some of my favorites include, tabasco fried pickles and their pulled pork sandwich. I could devote an entire review to just their ribs, but I will refrain. Briefly put, the ribs (either kansas style or st louis) explode with flavor. You get this magnificent hickory flavor that comes from their grill and the finish of Red BBQ sauce is unreal. I could literally drink that sauce, it's so good.To finish, Mac's has one of the best banana puddings I've had in the city. I'm hungry just thinking about this place. You must go!!5/5
5	I use to think BBQ King was the only good BBQ here in Charlotte, until I tried Mac's.  The pulled pork sandwich I had was very lean and the sauces they offer puts the icing on the cake.  Although my order was to-go, the staff was great and act excite to see me. I now have a new spot to get some GREAT BBQ.
5	I love this place. When ever people come to visit this is one of the places I take them. The wings are amazing. They are smoked and then lightly grilled. I like them either naked or with the honey BBQ sauce.Everyone is surprised by this but I always get their blue cheese chopper salad. It is unbelievable for something so simple. Just lettuce tomato and bacon tossed in your choice of dressing and topped with blue cheese crumbles.And of course I could not write a review and not mention the mac and cheese and the green bean casserole. Two sides that accompany every meal I have there.
5	I want to start off by saying southern BBQ is my soul food, I eat it a lot and always too much. This is one of Mac's four locations and it gets bonus points for being in a cool area. The BBQ is very delicious but their brisket is what really stands out. I eat mine with out sauce but Mac's offers five different sauces from SC mustard to NC vinegar. The mac n' cheese is very very good, but I think McKoy's Smokehouse down the road has them beat on this side item. I also really enjoyed the collard greens. Add to the good food, with live music three times a week, a good beer selection and a great out door seating area and you have got yourself a great place for food and friends.
5	Can't go wrong with a place that advertises "Beer, Bikes, and BBQ."  One of the greatest BBQ joints that I've been to.  Great atmosphere, great food, and reasonably priced.Had Brunswick Stew for the the first time and it's one of my greatest "food discoveries" ever.  The BBQ Pulled Pork Platter with Carolina Sauce was fantastic.One of the real highlights of this road trip!  Will definitely be coming back next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	Normally our reviews could be considered a little on the verbose side I feel.  But that is only because we try to give an accurate picture of our experience.  So we don't want readers to equate longer reviews being a direct relation to how much we like a place.  Case in point, what we are about to write for Mac's:Mac's is awesome.  Best BBQ in Charlotte for sure.  Portions are huge.  Atmosphere is cool.  Beer selection is extensive.  Outside of parking being a little tricky if it's crowded there's nothing to complain about.  LITERALLY everything on the menu is good.  Wings are good, Beer can chicken is good, BBQ is good, sides are good, brisket is good, etc.  I'll save everyone the time of listing the entire menu and putting "good" beside it because hopefully you get the idea.   Just go there and stuff your face.  You will be happy.  This concludes our review.We give Mac's 4.5 choppers out of 5
4	You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu.  The brisket is phenomenal and you can't pass on the sausage.  Good beer selection and great traditional BBQ comfort sides.
5	BBQ Pork Cuban. That is all you need to know. Go and get it!
4	Want to impress your out-of-town friends with some delicious southern food. Bring em to Mac's Speed Shop. My friends from DC couldn't believe the size of every item on the menu.My personal favorite has to be the Beef Rib*. If you are a beef-loving insomniac this is the entree for you. Hot and tender fall off the bone beef smothered in some sort of magical BBQ sleep sauce. Definitely a must go *meal does not include pillow
4	Yes, A-OK.  Been here three times now.I love briskets!  I am a big fan of juicy, succulent, fatty, and awesome brisket.  This place does not have it, and I miss Texas BBQ... Food:I ordered the"A Little Bit of Stuff" - meat of each kind to see which I liked better.I found the food to be mediocre. I mean, really - just hear me out.  The brisket, we know is a bit on the dry side, along with the beer can chicken (I definitely will not get that again).  The ribs and sausages were good, flavorful and tasty. I actually enjoy the sides more, they are delicious - collard greens and green bean casserole. Place: Your biker's place, but I like it. It is neat. The crowd is going to be packed during lunch hours -- be aware of the wait. I originally gave this a three, being biased that Texas BBQ is better than N.C's BBQ, but... after my review, I have to give it four stars, that is deserved.
3	I finally made it out to Macs and it was AWESOME. I went with the chicken tacos and then got the veggie plate so I could try out a few of their sides. The mac & cheese, green bean casserole, and chili were all great! I will definitely go back. The food was served ridiculously fast (given how packed the place was), and everything was SUPER cheap.Only downside is I'm not a big fan of their BBQ, but there's plenty of other yummy things on the menu.
4	Love this location for it's food and staff. Not sure why the Steele Creek's food is so much different?? Food is always quick. Great beer selection too.
5	The Best BBQ in Charlotte, no wait, in North Carolina!  Mind Blown.Yes, I know how bold that statement is and yes, they back it up.  The BBQ is extremely fresh and juicy and is better than any I've had in any place in the Carolinas.    The Beer Can Chicken is also amazing as are the sides!  The Mac n Cheese, Green Been Casserole, Okra Stew, Hushpuppies, are all insanely delicious.  The beer and wine menu is excellent and the prices aren't bad!  The outdoor seating is some of the best in SouthEnd, especially if they have a band playing!Do yourself a favor... If you like BBQ - Go to Mac's and enjoy the best.  You wont' regret it.
4	Really great bbq and a cool joint. Went in for lunch and had the small pulled pork platter with mac 'n cheese side. Done perfectly. Never seen so many microbrews in one place!
4	My new favorite place to eat!  Just moved to Charlotte and loved everything about it.  The portions, the atmosphere, the awesomely nice waitstaff.  I decided not to go overboard on my first time there and got a pulled pork taco and got four sides including their delish grits and mac and cheese.  My friend ordered a combo platter that was HUGE!I am thoroughly excited to have moved to Charlotte knowing that I will get to eat at Mac's every now and then.  It will be a great spot to bring out-of-towners, too!
4	Yep, I'm a fan of good BBQ and Mac's has set the bar for these type establishments in Charlotte.  I was recently reminded at how expansive their beer selection is too.  They have a ton of great beer to wash down that brisket or BBQ plate.My latest visit I actually had a chopped salad with grilled shrimp and even that was fantastic.  The BBQ here is great and all but I also like a place that can through some variety my way when I'm BBQ'd out.  Mac's does a great job with that.  Plenty of non BBQ items on the menu if that's what you are looking for.The service here could use some personality really or maybe our server on the last visit was just having an off night.  Meh, I won't hold that against them.
4	Very solid BBQ and the fun and cool biker atmosphere adds an extra element to the place.  Expect a busy patio and plenty of bikers cruising (or perhaps riding wheelies!) past during warmer months.We had a large group of people and the picnic tables outside were plenty long enough for a large party, and the waitress did a good job (and got a decent group photo for us - no rule of thirds knowledge tho!).  I love killing a plate of pulled pork with a bunch of different sauces and this place fit the bill.  The price is a little bit on the higher side, but it's not exactly expensive either.  I was disappointed to see high fructose corn syrup in the sauces as I had originally thought they were like a true special house made sauce, but having HFCS in it must mean that are mass produced somewhere with a primary focus on cost.This aside, it's great BBQ and a good place to bring people from out of town.  P.S. Parking is a bit rough during peak hours.
4	Hands down the best barbecue in Charlotte..... Great patio in the summer and an eclectic interior atmosphere. The service is hit or miss...... But mostly when you go to Macs, it's about the food..... Which is never a disappointment!
5	Classic Carolina BBQ and dozens and dozens of beers.  Plus music and motorcycles on bike nights.  The pulled pork is outstanding, as is the brisket.  I wasn't a big fan of the beef sausage but I did like the ribs.  I can't get enough of this place.
5	Best barbeque around, great atmosphere and excellent service. Could use better drink specials but the food makes up for it.
3	I so wanted this review to be a 4 or even 5 star but I can't justify it. Stopped in Wednesday night with my wife for a quick bite. We both ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwiches. I had mine with a side of mac & cheese and she got the fries. The mac & cheese was pretty darn good and the fries were nice and crispy. The bbq, though, was rather bland. I did add some sauce to it which helped. To make matters worse, the bun was not the freshest. It was actually kind of hard around the edges. Now, most of the reviews are really positive about this place so I'm optimistic that my next visit will be much better. I will say, I've enjoyed the outdoor seating during the summer when I've been here to hear live music plus they have a great selection of beers on tap including plenty of local craft brews.
4	If I want to go to Mac's, it's not all that hard for me since there's one just up the road in Cornelius.  Just so happened that a friend wanted to meet at this location for some BBQ and brew so, we did.Same menu same good, but definitely not the best in Charlotte, BBQ and ice cold beer.  I had the pulled pork sandwich with sides of slaw and onion rings.  All of it was good and you more than get your fill of food at Mac's.Didn't try anything non BBQ at this location but have had salads, fish sandwich, burgers at the LKN version and enjoyed them so, assume they would be good here too.
4	Ordered the brisket, with a side of cheese grits and collard greens. All were very good, the brisket had a very nice smoke flavor. Out of all the BBQ sauces, I like the Carolina Sauce best, even on beef.Nice big selection of beers, and many on tap! YEAH!! I'm from Colorado and found it pretty amusing that some of our local beers here are the featured beers when I was there. Tried a local beer though. I was recommended to try the banana pudding for desert, and it was... banana pudding. Nothing special, but still good. If I try desert again I'll probably try the whiskey cheesecake (but I'm not real big into desert).Service was WAY fast, and very friendly. Next time I'm back in Charlotte I will make sure to stop in and try more of their food.
5	This place is awesome. If you are in Charlotte or near by, you need to come to Mac's Speed Shop. I recommend the beef brisket combo. I had the mac and cheese and collard greens. Bursting with flavor. You can tell a lot of love went into making the food here. Also had the nachos as an app, that was great too. Can't wait to go back and try more. Great wait staff and good people environment.
5	My wife and I were on a long trip from Houston TX through New Orleans and up to Washington DC area.  We always Yelp restaurants and as dinner approached, so did Charlotte NC.  Decided to compare barbecue to the top level joints in Houston such as Goode which Yelpers give similar ratings to Mac's.  From a block away we knew this was our type of place.  Ultra cool renovated and repainted version of a drive up like Sonic. Just cooler to the extreme.Inside there are crowds and a line on a Wed nite.  That says a lot.  We pulled up to the bar and were awed by the beer selection.  Asked the great bartender for a recommend on a pale ale.  It was spectacular.  Can't remember the brand due to the long drive. Had the other bartender order the meats for me on their 16 dollar "small" combo plate which turned out to be enough for two people.  First bite of potato salad (sides always stink at other places)  and it was off the charts.  Kudos for caring Mac's.  Mac and Cheese was great, but it's always great.  What nailed this for me was the first bite of Ribs.  Ate the Brisket and it was better than the best I'd had in Texas.  The pork ribs were smoked so well that no sauce is needed.  In fact, the true test of great barbecue is that no sauce will make a significant difference.  Had a quarter chicken which was superb.  Pork pulled was superb.  Those pork ribs though...Talked this up to bartenders and told them I'd had a meal 24 hours before at Emeril Lagasse's place in New Orleans warehouse district.  I liked Emeril's, but Mac's Speed Shop although completely different got me much more excited.  It's simply the truth.  We had six hours to drive still and left at 9 pm for DC.  The chef we spoke with ran out and gave me a Mac's Speed Shop hat.  We took with us leftovers and bread pudding which my wife finished before I had any.  Bet it was amazing.  North Carolina Barbecue is a step higher than any other I've tried in my life.  Mac's Speed Shop is the benchmark for all other barbecue I will have in the remainder of my food days.  I'm on a green juice diet now.  I might be tempted to make the six hour trip down there to break the diet in a couple months.  This restaurant is on my all time favorite list.  It should be on yours.
4	greens were good but very sweet, ribs were good mac and cheese was ok. as for the service needs improvement
5	My new favorite restaurant!Amazingly good food. I'm a picky chili eater - that was the best chili I've ever had. I got the sampler platter with ribs, sausage, brisket, and pulled pork. All but the ribs were Top 3 I've ever eaten in each category. The ribs where still really good.For drinkers, they have over 100 (maybe 200?) different beers available.  They also have their own house brand of vodka, tequila, and rum. Everyone said it's super distilled which equates to less hangover?  Not sure as I don't drink.Anyway, as if the food wasn't enough to get you there, their entire staff was inked and hot! And we all know amount of ink and quality of service are directly correlated.So next time you're in Charlotte, check out Mac's - you'll be glad you did.
5	very nice spot right off s blvd in charlotte.  astmosphere is laid back and they have a live band at times which makes the experience that much more pleasureable.  as for the food...excellent!!! i would recommend to everyone
4	Portions are huge, waitstaff is friendly, ambiance is exactly what you'd expect, and the food is delicious!I'm definitely not a BBQ connoisseur, but I know when food is good, and this food is GOOD.Go get your grub on at Mac's!PS: The "Little Bit of Stuff" platter is more than enough for 2 people to share!
4	Went here with some friends here last night as my first BBQ in NC so far.  Awesome BBQ.  Had the St. Louis ribs with cheesy grits and Mac and cheese.  Meat was tender and flavorful as was the dry rub.  Add any sports game that you want on TV and you're set.  Definitely would come back.
4	Popped in with an out-of-town friend to show off some great Charlotte 'cue as well as to give him the opportunity to enjoy some of the great two-legged scenery in our lovely city. It's been a while since I reviewed Mac's, so here's the update.Very busy on a weeknight in the later dinner hours. A bunch of bikers and some cool cars parked out front. A live band was wailing away when we managed to find a "picnic table" outside with a good view of the walking traffic.Waitress took our drink orders and then our food. Both of us ordered the pulled pork, which arrived very quickly. It was a little dry so the sauces on the table were useful. The mac & cheese was excellent - cheesy of course but with a good slightly spicy flavor and the noodles were at the right texture of al dente. I also really liked the cole slaw as it was moist without being drippy.Parking can be tough as there is some construction going on that blocks some of the street in the back. And for the dude that had to try and make a -left- turn onto South Blvd, you're an idiot.My only complaint was that the music was WAY too loud so that we had to shout to be heard across the table. What's the point of music being at such a massive volume?
5	So I was in Charlotte for a few days on business, and I was looking for a good BBQ place to come and satisfy my BBQ needs.  Lucky for me, I found Mac's on Day 1, unluckily for me, I wanted to give other BBQ places in the area a try and missed out on a few meals here because of this.  If I'd have known better, I'd have just stuck with Mac's for the entire trip, and left the other places alone.Each time I ordered their "Whole lot of stuff" (4 and 4) with different meat and side combinations.  Since the area is big on pulled-pork, I usually made sure to have a good amount of that, while also trying out the St Louis Style (Dry-Rub) Ribs, and Beef Brisket.  Now let me tell you, I've been to St Louis, and all around Texas, and those Ribs were better than any I've ever had in St Louis, and the brisket could stand with the best Texas has to offer as well.  Of course the pulled-pork was also amazing, and I loved how they had a number of different sauces to try out as well.  Among the sides I had were collard greens (yum), Mac'n'cheese (yum), cheddar grits (eh), and cole-slaw (yum-great with the pulled pork and ribs).Also, I can't forget to mention their incredible beer selection, which never left me thirsty.  Actually, there were so many, it was usually hard to pick which one I wanted.All in all, this is an excellent place, that if I lived closer to, I'm sure I would be a regular at.  I loved it, and you will too!
3	Cool atmosphere, decent cue.Biker-type barbecue joint.  BBQ was pretty good but not stand out write home to Momma.  Still, would go back.
4	I have been going to the Mac's Steele Creek location for a few years now, it has become one of my go to beer spots, but for some reason I have never visited the South Blvd location... until now.Very similar to the Steele Creek location with a biker bar decor scheme, this location appears to be just a little bit smaller and more tightly packed. There is a nice patio for outdoor seating. We went with a group of friends on a night that was completely packed. Luckily, the service did not seem to suffer, despite how busy it was. The server was friendly and really knew her stuff with regards to both the food menu and the beer menu. She was attentive, and our glasses never sat empty for more than a minute or two before she was asking if we wanted another beer.The menu is the same as the other Mac's locations; pulled pork, beef brisket, beer can chicken, bbq/hot wings, and a wide variety of sides. Not the best BBQ in Charlotte, but good none the less. Great onion rings, and according to my wife, great mac-n-cheese.The beer menu is quite extensive, both on tap and in bottles. They have a good mixture of local & regional beers, as well as some really good beers from other parts of the country. They also seem to keep a good variety of styles on tap; too many places will be IPA and Stout heavy while completely ignoring other styles.All in all a good place for a beer and some BBQ, but I prefer the Steel Creek location based on the size (not as densely packed).
5	Great lunch, great beer selection and knowledgable staff. Had the "little bit of stuff" the chicken is outrageous, and the ribs are great. The Bartender Nadine is terrific and good at her job, made great beer suggestions and is a great to talk too. I plan on returning for lunch whenever I am in town.
4	Great place..was there Friday nite with my husband, brother in-law and his wife.  We all ordered something different and none of us was disappointed.Only complaint it was LOUD!!  We had to jump of our chairs and yell into each others ears.  Could have sat outside I guess, it was quiter out there.
2	This place has gotten too big for their own britches. Can't tell you how many people told us we had to go here while in Charlotte. What a disappointment. The wait staff is dismissive and snotty. The food is average BBQ. I had the ribs. The temp in the smoker was too high and the ribs were not left in long enough. This produces two problems. First, the outside of the ribs were scorched and had an ash taste. Second, the ribs were carrying too much fat that had not cooked down. My wife's pulled pork was almost without flavor. The sides were actually bad and tasted old. On top of that, Mac's serves a variety of local beers. When we asked if we could have a sample of TWO, we were told that we would be charged! I have never heard of that and have not seen that as the norm while here in Charlotte. This place may have all the locals fooled, but don't get sucked in. Lots of other great places in Charlotte that actually want your business.
5	The BBQ is good.   Not great... But far better than a lot of places.   The beer selection is fantastic... They have a ton of craft beers, most of the local breweries and a great selection of others. The fried pickles are the best I've had. Ever. Good looking staff,  great crowd... Not your typical snobbish group but a clean,  laid back group. Music on Wednesdays.  Great place to go anytime during the week!
5	Another place I could eat at every day.  The pulled pork is delightful.  Huge fan of vinegar based sauces.  Cool inside and out with a local atmosphere and a ton of local brews on tap.Win!
4	Have you ever hyped up a place so large that it couldn't do anything else but be a let down?  Many of these reviews would receive "don't trust" or some sort of "block" tag if Yelp offered one.  Have you ever heard the saying that you could fry a ______, and it would taste good?  BBQ isn't much different.  As long as your sauce isn't horrible and you don't turn your Q into jerky, it's probably decent.Don't get me wrong, I'm not about to tell you that Mac's has bad Q, but it's...just...Q.  It's smokey...it's tender...and the sauce is decent.  If you came here because you like Q, it means you've obviously had Q that was done properly to like it...right?  The ribs are definately the star IMO, the pulled pork and brisket make me say, "yep, that's barbecue"  They know how to make their Q and it tastes decent, but I'm not walking out of here doing the OMG dance. The sides are decent as well, nothing eye popping or mind blowing, but decent.The beer selection and atmosphere are what kicks Mac's up a notch for me.  I love to pick beers to go along with what I'm eating...and Mac's has that category nailed down.  The atmosphere is boisterous, friendly and thriving, while managing to keep a relaxed atmosphere throughout the dark and smoky establishment.Mac's is definately worth the trip.  Come hungry and leave full.Try:  The St. Louis ribs...just what the doctor orderedAvoid:  The domestic beers (C'mon, you can do better than that)
4	There's not really a better BBQ place in Charlotte. I have only eaten here twice and both times I had the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with mac & cheese. All I need to say is yummmm! They also have a great selection of beer on tap and bottle that includes local and regional beers. Do not get domestic, even if your scared. The staff is very knowledgeable and will let you sample your choice, on tap of course. This place can get packed, especially on the weekends. Both times I visited it was packed. This did not hinder or slow down service. They have a great staff! Prices are also reasonable. When packed parking can get tricky. For a place with good food, good service, and good atmosphere with a small price you can't beat it.
4	MAC'S SPEED SHOPWhen in Charlotte, you must eat BBQ... and from what everybody recommended, Mac's Speed Shop is the place to be! They have a huge abundance of BBQ items, but the one you should order (if you're with a large group), is the Whole Lot Of Stuff Platter, where you can choose 4 BBQ items and 4 sides!!! We chose the rack of ribs, brisket, smoked turkey, and pulled pork. With a slight vinegar flavoring, the BBQ sauce was excellent, so the ribs and brisket were delicious! The smoked turkey and pulled pork were OK, but didn't quite stand out compared to the BBQ. Next time, will definitely order two orders of the ribs and brisket. The platter was absolutely huge!!! Will definitely fill you up! The honey-fried chicken wings were OK, but nothing to write home about. Would have loved to see someone try to beat the Fat Boy Challenge, where the brave contestant has to finish a 5 lb burger with a 1/2 pint of mac n' cheese, but it's never been finished!!! The only rule is if you hurl, you clean it up yourself and still pay for it! Mac's Speed Shop is an excellent BBQ joint, so you'll want to hit this place up if you're in town!
4	I had the sampler plate and I must say the brisket and ribs where great. Each had a nice smokey flavor. The pulled pork and the sausage wasn't bad either. Great variety of craft beers and less of the chain beer junk!
5	Great food and atmosphere.  I actually got my car repaired and inspected back in 1996 when it used to be a Junkie old Auto-repair shop.  :)
5	Maybe not perfect, but pretty darn good.  Great food, service, drink selection, and prices.  What more do you want in a biker bar?
5	Awesome BBQ and beer selections! New to the area and was looking for a good BBQ place. Luckily this place is close to me and after reading yelp reviews, I had to try. Definitely a bookmark restaurant for me.
4	kansas city beef rib.  period.  that's my tip, I'm stickin' to it.  That rib will stick to your ribs too in a most delightful way.everything else is good.  But my wife and I are hooked on that giant rib.   Beer selection is outstanding.  service is excellent.  the vibe is fun.   Fast for a while and then go have that rib!   McRib?  Uck. Mac'sRib?  YESSSS!
2	This review is based on one visit to Mac's - at 9 PM on a Friday night. Love the atmosphere - roadhouse bar, very casual.Friendly, efficient service.Amazing beer list (hundreds to choose from). Big variety on menu.Nachos were good.BBQ was pretty lousy. The brisket was just OK, but cut about an inch thick. The ribs were pretty awful - as much fat as there was meat. The beans tasted like Heinz vegetarian beans with some boiled leftover meat in it. The fries were mushy.Would I go back? Sure - but I would probably just get appetizers and beer. No way I would get BBQ again.
4	Great Environment and Good BBQ.  Brisket is my favorite but Ribs are good too!!
4	Damn fine BBQ.
4	yum. meat + carolina sauce = amazing.love the collards, as well.
2	I have been to Mac's many times and the food has been amazing, and the experience great. This time however my server was inattentive.  This caused a bad experience, which will cause me not to return.  The server (I will not identify their name, so that they can keep their job) did not check on our table ONCE after our food arrived. No checking on drinks or anything. No one even approached our table within a twenty-five minute period, and there was very lite traffic because it was late afternoon. I was ready to order dessert, but chose not to after waiting so long just to have someone walk over to our table. When I confronted the server about not approaching us, her response was that she, "Doesn't talk to people while they are eating because they will feel rushed."  Sorry, I must have been mistaken about how serving etiquette works, even though I manage in the restaurant industry....I thought that you were supposed to be engaged with your patrons and try to up-sale your products, or at the least positively elevate the atmosphere for return business and good word-of-mouth. From now on it's Midtown Smokehouse only for BBQ.
3	Overall the place is solid. The environment is awesome, love sitting outside. The beer selection is wonderful (love having Alagash on draft). The BBQ is fair at best. For their BBQ, the pulled pork is solid, but avoid the brisket at all costs, over-dry and limited flavor. On the plus side, they do have a good selection of sauces and the wings aren't half bad. In summary - not my go to place for great BBQ, but I find myself here to drink beers and hang outside.
5	Combo platter was great.  Chicken was a little tough to tear apart so I would get something else next time as one of the items in the combo.  Shredded pork was my favorite. West BBQ sauce was so good that I bought a bottle to take home with me.  Very good BBQ.
5	My favorite place for BBQ in Charlotte. For the record I'm a Northerner so I don't get this type of BBQ a lot. But I'm definitely a fan. I've been here several times and make it a point to bring out of town visitors here to sample the BBQ. My go-to order is "a little bit of stuff" which allows you to pick 4 different meats. I'm a fan of the brisket, sausage, ribs and chicken. Just to warn you, it's a lot of food. And that doesn't even mention the sides. It's quite a gut-busting meal. But it's delicious. If i'm not that hungry I end up getting a sandwich or something. Also great taste, but not as much food :)The service is good, but it gets pretty busy in there, for lunch and dinner. It's common for there to be a wait too. I like the vibe of the place. Biker bar, lots of tvs, sports all around. There some nice outdoor seating too. One of my favorite spots in Charlotte. I like it a lot!
3	Good place to hang and watch people. Their BBQ, is one of the better in Charlotte.Where else can you find Deviled eggs?
5	I love Mac's.  Everyone I have taken to Mac's loves Mac's.  Their bbq is outstanding, their mac n' cheese is outstanding, their banana pudding is outstanding, the vibe is cool, the beer selection is vast, the people are friendly . . . I don't feel like my trip to Charlotte has begun until I've sat down at Mac's.
4	Solid, really good BBQ, middling service. The place seems way crowded but there was plenty of space for our large group. The ambiance is pretty loud--they crank up the classic rock here--which I don't mind necessarily but isn't great for large groups, you just end up have several conversations because no one can hear one another.Our server didn't seem very adept at dealing with large groups. She was largely absent, not very attentive, and got overwhelmed and annoyed easily, and let it show. Tsk.The beers here are hit or miss. I say hit because they have steady standby classics. I say miss because they serve some local NC beers that aren't that great. Sorry, NC, but some local breweries are awesome, and some are mediocre. They serve the mediocre NC beers here. Go with the well-known craft breweries here.I ordered the pulled pork sandwich, and it was pretty good. I'm glad for the fairly legit array of NC BBQ sauces, and I doused my with a mustard-based SC sauce. Approved!Oh, I forgot! The BEST thing here are the fried pickles! I haven't had good fried pickles anywhere but Memphis, but Mac's does it RIGHT. They batter isn't TOO SALTY and the chips are THICK CUT, so you get plenty of pickle in there. Well done.This place is more of a 3.5 stars, but I'll round up. It seems to be an institution in CLT as well.
1	BBQ sauce need work. Was this bought made here? The tomato based sauce was watery and lacking taste. Brunswick stew watery as well.  Service was good and has been consistent.
5	It's hard to know where to begin with Mac's.  After spending 4 days in Charlotte, I ate 3 meals at Mac's with my girlfriend.  That includes getting out of the hotel a little early to make sure we grabbed an early lunch just before hitting the airport.  It was that good.  The meat is where it all starts, right?  Well the meat was perfect.  No need for extra explanation and adjectives; perfect will fit the bill.  Now the sauces... let's just say that I'll be buying a case of the Red Sauce online.  You could put it on anything (and we did).  Creativity is all over - traditional meats in non-traditional flavors and settings.  Need to stop now because memory is making me drool.  Man I need to get back to Mac's!
4	Excellent smoked flavor, the wings are fantastic also.
4	I'm gonna keep this short and sweet-THE BEST BBQ, value, and service when you're feeling southern.
4	After a long flight from San Francisco, the first and only thing I wanted to do was EAT! Since we flew in for a party at Club Label, BBQ seemed the most fitting to coat the stomach before a LONG night of DEBAUCHERY.I smiled the moment we pulled up to the smell of BBQ. Almost even shed a tear! LOL I think I may have actually shed one when I saw the menu! There is sooo much to choose from, but thankfully they have A COMBO PLATTER where you get to choose 4 meats and a couple of sides! (IT WAS HEAVEN!) I went for the Beef Brisket, Pulled Pork, Beer Can chicken, and the St Louis Ribs. All of it was incredible. But  what stood out the most for me was those ribs and brisket! Slow cooked, soft meat, with a bold smoked flavor. Its been a month and a half since I was there, but to this day, I still am having wet dreams about it.  The waitress was very attentive and very helpful. She always was smiling, polite, and even joked around with us - which is always a plus and not easy when its 6 of us. BTW - they tried their best to get us accommodated to a table as quick as possible, they even moved us to a bigger table once they noticed everything we were going to order. Bottom line, food is excellent, the beers are great (even let you choose the big boy 20oz beers), and summer time in Charlotte eating BBQ in the outside patio was a great experience. I will def be back next time I come to Charlotte.
4	All in all, great food and a cool hang out spot. What more could you ask for? The shrimp po boy is my all-time favorite. Not on the menu every day but appears as a daily special. What really sets it apart is the spicy lime glaze that's drizzled on top. If you ever see it as an option, definitely partake. I know, I know... Mac's is a BBQ joint but this thing is delectable. And speaking of BBQ, the BBQ! I must admit, if I'm going to chow down on some pork, I have to be in the mood and I need it to be juicy and saucy. I typically just do the pulled pork plate which comes with two sides and smother it in a rich, smoky BBQ sauce. I must be the only person who thinks the mac and cheese here is just OK... I swear every time I go, people always suggest it. It does its job but I can name off 10 better mac and cheese places. Anywho, the draft selection is always key here, offering up your favorite brews as well as showing some love to NC brews. Whenever I go, my friends and I eat til our stomachs are happy then stick around for a few more rounds. Really chill vibe and a great patio out front. Only negative point is the tables are all close together so chances are you'll get jabbed a time or two but it's worth the menu for sure.
4	The BBQ is great.Deserts were awesome.The help does a great job keeping your drinks filled.If I'm not careful I would eat here everyday. It's just that good.Keep in mind this is Carolina style BBQ.
4	If you are looking for an eclectic crowd, cheap cold beer & good food - GO HERE!!!  The most surprising thing - the best place in town for shrimp tacos- LOVE THEM!!
5	I haven't found a thing on the menu did like. Wait staff recognized me the second I walked up... Then again I do travel with a beautiful Golden Retriever.Beer Can Chicken... YUM!!!My favorite sides, Homemade potato salad, and green bean casserole.
3	Have been coming here for years and am increasingly disappointed. First it was the sides that no longer were as good -- miss the killer mac&cheese they used to have. Now, even the meat doesn't taste as good. Still a good vibe, so I will return in hopes that the food improves to what it used to be. Bummer.
5	We just used Mac's for a catered backyard party last night. I couldn't have been more impressed with the quality of food, level of service (of both Dennis and Caroline), and the efficient set-up/break-down that they provided. Every element exceeded our expectations! Terrific!
3	A colleague suggested that a group of us go to Mac's Speed Shop for lunch and I was definitely down to go as this was my first time going to this restaurant. A couple of them had been there before and said that the food was pretty good and the atmosphere was laid back and chill. One colleague raved about the pulled pork and macaroni and cheese and suggested I order that. Upon arrival, I was turned off by the parking lot and how tight it was to maneuver through it, but after finding a parking spot we made our way inside. Since it was lunch time I was expecting there to be a wait since Mac's is a city favorite, but to my surprise we were seated as soon as we walked in.Our server, who lacked a lot of personality and seemed like she didn't want to be there, approached our table and took our drink orders and asked if we were ready to order. Really??? We just sat down and had yet to open our menus, so we told her we needed a few minutes. After a few minutes she returned and took our orders. The food came out very quickly for it to be during their lunch rush, and I liked that! I ordered the small portion pulled pork platter which came with 2 sides (I got macaroni and cheese and a side salad) and Texas toast. I  tried one of the signature BBQ sauces (cannot remember the name of it) and it enhanced the flavor of the pulled pork. I ate all of my food, now I don't know if that is because the food was great or if I was very hungry and went off my diet haha! But seriously, It was a good amount of food and everything was good. I will be returning to try something new, maybe that will push me  over the 3 star mark!
5	Fast food, fun environment, awesome beer selection, and friendly gals! Great place for family fun or a night out! They have cornhole tournaments on Tuesdays and bike night Wednesday with a live band. Really enjoyed this place. And the BBQ has got to be the best I've ever had.
4	Pretty good NC barbeque. Had some pork and brisket and both had good flavor and were very juicy. Having six different sauces also helps because you can determine which one you prefer.
4	Sat outside with the family and our dog (bernese mountian).  The server was kind enough to bring our dog a large bucket of water, while also take great care of us.We order the hush puppies and fried pickles to start, along with some local Triple C 3C IPA.  It was a great start.  Additionally, we order the Little Pig and Brisket Sandwich, which were cooked perfectly.This was the first time that we were at Mac's prior to the lunchtime rush.  I think this made the service and food significantly better.  We've been to Mac's in the past and have noticed when they are busy, that their quality diminishes.  So, my new tactic is to get there early.
4	I loved the brisket sandwich!  The smoked flavor was perfect!,  i lived in texas and had some very good brisket, macs is right there on the top of the best. My wife had the pulled pork and also enjoyed it.  Service was quick and friendly.  Go before noon or after 1 to avoid the lunch crowds. Oh and the beer, they have a very large selection.
3	Stopped by to play some cornhole and have a couple brews... I've had the food before and while I enjoyed it, Mac's isn't one of my absolute favorite places to go, but it's definitely an option... We sat down at the bar and had a pretty easy time getting the bartender's attention to grab a beer... She was pleasant enough and the transaction went fairly smooth... The boyfriend went inside a little later, took about 15 minutes and came out empty handed... According to him, the other bartender's service skills leave much to be desired... Apparently he arrived at the bar at the same time as one lady and before another guy... The bartender served the lady first (which he said he expected and makes sense), then went around him to serve the guy that came up after him... Hmmm... Not really sure what the deal is with that, but I'll likely give them another shot since we're in a little tournament thing there for the next couple weeks... The upside is, if their service really is that bad, Good Bottle is right down the street and so is Five Guys... lol
5	This place deserves 5 stars just for their beer selection-- over 300 beers to choose from! Everything from Coors to Chimay Blue is represented here and is priced quite reasonably. But onto the food.I'm from Tucson, AZ, an area of the United States that is sorely lacking in good BBQ. So you can imagine my excitement after happening upon this place late in the night after arriving in town, my empty stomach demanding me to fill it with delicious, local cuisine. And what better place to fulfill that need than Mac's? Now, THIS is Carolina BBQ done right.Decisions, decisions... After a long review of the menu, I chose the BBQ Brisket Cheese Steak Wrap, with Mac&Cheese as a side. Food came out fast! The M&C wasn't the best I've ever had, but it definitely came close. As for the wrap, I'd highly recommend it, especially accompanied with some extra BBQ sauce. The smokiness and tenderness of the brisket complimented the caramelized onions, melted cheese, and peppers incredibly well, and the wrap was grilled perfectly crispy. I paired the meal with the Edmund Fitzgerald Porter, made by Great Lakes Brewery out of Cleveland, OH. Excellent choice. The portion sizes were above-average, especially considering the generous price point.My server, Becky, was very helpful, and she provided great service, especially for it being the end of the night. Three cheers for Becky!Overall, the dining experience met every expectation, and the BBQ knocked it out of the park. I'll definitely be coming back here the next time I'm in town!
4	I love Mac's! I love the atmosphere and the food. I even visited twice in one week, that's  how much I liked it. Because I had a hard time deciding what to get, I ordered "a little bit of everything" with pulled pork, smoked turkey, beef sausage and beef brisket. Everything was tasty. The brisket was so tender. I also got BBQ beans and the fried onions. I have to warn you, it is a lot of food. I had enough for dinner the next night - which made me a happy girl.A few nights later, I talked my hubby into going after I picked him up from the airport after a business trip. We ended up sharing "a little but of everything" and it was perfect. He's usually not a fan of pulled pork and he enjoyed it. And he's a big fan of the BBQ sauces. The service is nice and friendly and the food comes out fast. We'll be back!
4	The beer and BBQ blew my socks off! Good stuff! I had a pumpkin ale and a combo platter with brisket, St. Louis ribs, turkey, and pork. I couldn't eat it all because it was portioned for a small army but, it was very good. Ribs were a bit tough and the brisket was a little greasy but, it didn't stop me from chow'in! Also had some of their smoked chipotle chicken wings. YUMMY! Love their sauces and sides! Will definitely go back!
5	Incredible food, I had the combo plate, highly recommend it!  Beer selection is great too. The service was perfect.
4	Good food, great service, fun atmosphere. Fabulous beer selection. Need I say more?
3	I been wanting to try this place for awhile. Just down the street from my salon,. Was definitely excited.. I had the half slab with coleslaw and mac n cheese. Ribs was really good. Coleslaw was ok. Mac n cheese could've been a little flavorful. I had a piece of the beef brat which I like a lot. Little spicy for me., customer service was good. I also ordered a side salad. I will not order that again. A pile of shredded lettuce, some tomatoes and stale bacon bits. No thank you... I can give this place a try again. Maybe a different side dish this time. But wouldn't mind getting the ribs again...
5	Great food.  The pulled pork is great and the brisket is even better.  Very good selection of beers and huge patio.
4	Not the best place for BBQ I have ever been to but not one thing on the menu isn't good.  Service is great, very friendly and always seeing if you need another drink.  The biggest selling points are the beer selection and the nightly drink promotions from $3 mystery pints to discount wells.
4	Great food if you like Bbq. Fun, casual atmosphere. Friendly staff! Kitchen is open late!
4	They have deviled eggs on the menu. Enough said. Also- awesome, awesome Bar-B-Q (and i'm not even a fan of it- but I love it here!).
4	Does Mac's have the best barbecue in town? No. Is the food delicious? Expletive yeah.If you drive by during lunch time (week day or weekend), expect to see a packed restaurant both inside and out. I have to get wings every time I come here. Smoked and grilled... they are just fantastic. I have them mix the teriyaki and buffalo sauces together. As for the main meal, I bounce between several items. Lil Pig, Brisket Philly Wrap (the brisket is super tasty), Ribs (so good) and sometimes... the veggie plate. Gasp, I know right? Who goes to a barbecue place and gets the veggie plate? *Raises hand* I really love the combo of collard greens, mac n cheese and Brunswick Stew. I'm a huge fried pickles fan, but I swear they are different every time I get them here. Always good, just never seem to be the same.One issue here is the parking. The lot isn't all that big. Usually have to park on the street behind.Every Wednesday is bike night. Live music on Wednesdays and Sundays. Great patio to enjoy it all.Good food, great service and a killer beer selection. I've never had a bad experience here.
4	Came to NC for business and of course the barbecue.   I'm a barbecue nut and now that I'm living in the Pacific North West can't get enough of it.  Therefore I tend to eat it twice a day when visiting the south whenever possible. After another false start at a place in downtown Charlotte I heard about Mac's Speed Shop from my Yelp friends and they didn't stear me wrong.   I had the smaller meat plate and it was just enough food for one hungry guy.  I didn't leave stuffed but comfortably satisfied.   I had ribs, and pulled pork and they were fantastic.   Would I return - you betcha!
4	We're in town for business and decided to stop by after the hotel's concierge recommended the place. With the bright lights outside and the band playing, the restaurant was easily spotted. It was late Sunday so it was fairly busy, with Sunday night football and all. Parking was a bit tough to find, but it was understandable. I loved the atmosphere and the service was great! The food was definitely delicious. Ordered the 'a whole lot of stuff' and shared it between 2 people. It was more than enough food. Absolutely loved the briskets, but ribs were a bit dry. I wasn't too impressed with the sides, but enjoyed the green bean casserole. My friend really enjoyed there toast.. Lol. They had a nice variety of beer as well.  I would definitely go back, especially for the briskets.
5	Ah-MAY-zing. Seriously. Yes, the beer selection is ginormous. Yes, the vibe is cool. But the food, oh, the food. I was in town by myself, which totally sucked because there were about 10 things I really wanted to try. A plate of deviled eggs? Yes, please. Six different smoked meats? Sure. And too many tasty side dishes to choose from? Sure, why not.So I gorged myself on the small sample platter, and am now back in my hotel room hoping I don't give birth to a meat baby.Definitely eat here!!
5	I came to Charlotte on business, I asked the shuttle driver where she would go for good BBQ she said Macs..... I am so glad I listened the food was great and there was plenty of if. I had the pulled pork platter with potato salad and onion rings. Also tried the deviled egg appetizers... WOW!!! If you are visiting the area it is a great place to go. Cool staff nice atmosphere... Not as much of a biker bar as it was made out to be... Maybe because it was Friday afternoon
2	Don't come on a Tuesday evening,  if you want to sit down in 15 minutes.  Be ready to wait at least 45.  Crazy busy.  Food is okay
3	Great flavor in the Kansas City beef ribs, but unfortunately the inside was cold... Makes me wonder if they just reheat everything... Brisket was good and with the 3-4 different BBQ sauces you'll find a flavor that suits your tastes.
5	some of the best BBQ in charlotte and a very large beer selection! go here and you won't be disappointed. They have a lot of side options as well, can't go wrong with the mac and cheese
5	Hands down the best BBQ in Charlotte.  Get the 4 choice platter with Mac n cheese and Brunswick stew.  It is all really good.
5	If this place was in California, it would be my new regular go to place.  Amazingness.  The beer selection here is absolutely amazing!  They have your standard stuff along with local craft brews and other craft brews from across the county!  The service here was wonderful & the server was excellent at recommending beers & food for us.  We started out with some fried pickles...so yummy.  The pickles were sliced perfectly; not too thin and not too thick.  For lunch we split one of the combo bbq plates...we had the chicken, ribs, brisket & pulled pork with mac'n'cheese & sweet potato fries.  The chicken wasn't fully cooked through, so neither of us really touched it.  The rest of the meat was fantastic!  I loved the carolina style bbq sause with the pulled pork.  The mac'n'cheese wasn't the best I've ever had but it came pretty close.  The sweet potato fries were tasty but nothing super special.After it hit 12pm, we ordered a set of four beer samplers.  We chose to sample the Ramble, Jam Session, Rednose and Golden boi beers.  My favorite surprisingly was the jam session.  Our server was great and even wrote out for us what each beer was.Overall, I'll be back if I am anywhere in the area!!  I really wish this place was in SoCal, I would be here all the time.
2	Had the brisket sandwich with a side of mac n cheese.  The brisket was very dry and not very hot (temperature) by the time I ate it.  The mac n cheese wasn't anything special.  Now here's the real problem...after my friends and I ate there...the next morning, none of us felt good at all.  Been in the restroom a few times throughout the day.  Otherwise the environment at the restaurant was friendly and energetic.
4	Great Brisket, pulled pork.  Ribs were a little soft for me but I'd get again.  Sausage I would not get again.  Gluten Free beer! the Mac&Cheese was delish, I mixed in the pulled pork.  Banana Pudding very good.  Great Service.  All sunday football games on, very loudly but you got see all the games.  Great service.
4	Mac's is one of those great places that offers speedy and quality food. I take a lot of those that come visit to Mac's because it's a good introduction to BBQ. I recommend getting the "little bit of stuff" or "lotta bit of stuff" if you want to sample a variety of stuff. Both offer 4 choices of meat and two sides. Plenty for 2-5 people to share. The servers are always nice and speedy. Try the Fried Pickles for an appetizer. Mac's offers a great variety of beers as well. They feature local brews as well as micro brews from around the US. If you're looking for a casual place with good food whether for lunch or dinner, Mac's is your place.
5	This place is BBQ meets pure bliss. We had the ribs (out of this world), the pulled pork sandwich (delightful), and the Mac and cheese (lord have mercy). All of which were off the charts. We just had to purchase the BBQ sauces before we left to bring them back to DC. If you are an out of towner like me, come here for the best BBQ of your life. Not to mention great service and good brewskis!
5	Superb beer selection! Great bbq (from what my buddy tells me) and super service. I love the feel of the place and the hot rods outside always reminds me of a biker bar. Whenever I visit I always get the Mac and cheese. Soo good!
3	Presentation of wings look good but are not seasoned I guess if you like the taste of charcoal there goes
5	I brought a work crowd from the southeast team here.  There were people from AL, GA, SC, FL, VA, DC.  Every person said it was the best BBQ they had ever had.  They serve a 'dinner for 2' type meal where you choose 2/3 meats plus 2 veggies.  Amazing value, amazing taste.This is a great place for a work meal with coworkers, no matter where they are from.  Huge section of beers, and the bartender can suggest ones you'll like with a little feedback from you.
4	As a visitor to NC, I heard raving reviews about macs. Great service, the pulled pork was delish and trust me you want double serving of the Mac and cheese. The portions are big and the prices low. This is def the spot you want to be.
3	Let me try this again as, alas, my first review disappeared.  We went to Mac's on a coldish day.  Choosing to sit  on the patio greeted us with a blast of heat and lively conversations.  Mac's was offering North Carolina beers for 4 dollars.  I like businesses that support local foods, beverages and goods.I ordered the Baja salad, which arrived with everything promised on the menu but seemed a little light in substance.  I think that Mac's is banking on the customer smothering the salad in pork, which us definitely not something that I would do.  My husband got the veggie burger.  Yummy, crispy goodness.  He got baked beans and Mac n' cheese for sides, both which he enjoyed.The waitress accidentally spilled beer on me, but not a big deal.  I think that it added body to my hair.I would like to try Mac's again.  Maybe the veggie burger with a couple of substantial sides.  And a little beer shampoo.
5	Get the chicken wings, you can't go wrong with the VTX Chipotle sauce. Their small combo platter is a great deal and will leave you miserably full if you try to finish it, great to share though. I have seen their large combo platter, but based on the small I would expect it to be best shared with others. Haven't had anything here I haven't liked, I only wish they had more locations. I think I live on the wrong side of town, or city (suburb)...
2	Worse parking ever, the place is always way too crowded. overpriced for what you get and they need better live music.Everyone brags about their BBQ, well when I get it there it always tougher than shoe leather and they take forever to get a drink order.
5	One of the best BBQ places you can go to. It was amazing.  The staff was super friendly and service was very fast. I don't think the food was over priced as mentioned in a previous review. My wife and I both ate and have a drink ( beer &  glass of wine) for under $40. We were stuffed. Parking could be a little better but you have to wait for good food sometimes.  Hopefully I get a chance to eat there again soon.
4	SO my friend was obsessed with finding NC BBQ while we were here.To be honest, I am not a huge fan of BBQ.  We were here at like 1120AM and the place was D-E-A-D!  I was scared...but by the time we left, the place was bumping.  I guess people get up later in the south.The food was fantastic!  I did a platter so I could try some sides.  Delish mac and cheese and HOMEMADE amazballs onion rings!  I love all the sauces.  My friend got a sample pack to bring home with us.I bet this place is awesome in the summer with the patio area...however when we were there, it was too cold.Overall it was delish food.  The service was standard.
3	Straight away, I cannot be a fan of any restaurant that doesn't really care about the ingredients they use or my health.  You can prepare great BBQ without it being bad for you.  The first thing I do when I am waiting for my BBQ to arrive is to check out the sauces.  Their 2 red sauces contain high fructose corn syrup.  I won't go into the problem here, you can look it up yourself but I don't willingly eat GMO products any longer.  I ordered the small bit a food combo.  Double pulled pork and double St Louis ribs with sides of collard greens and baked beans.  This is a huge amount of food.  I would of ordered the slaw but was told it was mayo and I prefer vinegar because it's healthier for you and really goes better with the richness of BBQ.4/5 for the pulled pork.  This was the only redeeming thing about this meal.  Tender, juicy, smoky.  Really delicious.  It pared nicely with either the mustard or the vinegar sauce or just alone.  Neither of which list corn syrup on the bottles.  3/5 for the ribs.  Would have been higher but they were candied in corn syrup.  You can taste how cloying this is.  Really inappropriate for real BBQ at this point given what we know about this ingredient.  Hundreds of great BBQ joints that would never think about using this stuff.  I want to taste pork first, smoke second and you're ego as a chef last.  Again, the seasonings complement the main ingredients.  This goes for the next item too!!!!2/5 for the beans.  I hate it when they're this sweet.  I could taste brown sugar but I bet there's some of their red sauce in these too.  I don't want to know what's in them.  3/5 for the greens.  Would have been much higher but they were really tough.  I really liked the flavors.  This is a great place to watch a game and have a beer.  I would come back.... maybe and order some pulled pork and some greens and wash it down with a beer.  The prices are very fair and the service is very good.
3	Well, they give you a lot of food for your money here, and the beer list is impressive. The quality of the barbecue is where things fell a little short for me. After having tried their pulled pork and St. Louis ribs, I have to say I've had much better. The pulled pork was the best of what I ate. It was nicely smoked and juicy, with good flavor. The ribs were OK, but I don't like sweet sauces, and they douse their's with the red sauce that also comes table side. The baked beans were also overly sweet, and the collard greens were undercooked and tough. The sign out front says "Beer, Bikes and Barbecue", and it seems to me that this is the actual order of their priorities here.
3	Sadly I must degrade one of my favorite spots in town due to the inconsistent food quality, at least at the South Tryon and South Blvd locations.The beer can chicken typically tastes like it's been cooked in the oven, and the ribs are more often cooked in the oven and finished in the smoker while the meat isn't anywhere near to falling off the bone.  Kitchen is obviously poorly managed.Hopefully I can update for the better soon!
4	Always eat here when in Charlotte . Great BBQ and always consistent. Can be abot loud for business.All the sides are great. I like the greens and the Mac and cheese!
4	Macs Speed Shop is amazing and the BBQ will keep you coming back. I have not only eaten in, but gotten them for take out and even catering and it never fails. The quality is great. The service inside the restuarant can be hit or miss at time, it does attract a loud crowd...but doesnt most BBQ? The sides are GREAT which is what most BBQ places lack is good sides and the banana pudding is to DIE for!!
1	Absolutely terrible i had the brisket sandwich one grill marks on brisket is already suspect but then it doesnt even taste like brisket.  My husband had the pulled pork he said it was ok but not the best only plus side our waitress did a great job but we will not be back low grade food for way too much
3	After reading about this restaurant pretty much everywhere and seeing pretty good reviws on the internet, I had no choice but try this place, and .... I don't know. I'm conflicted between liking this place and hating the crap out of it at the same time. I'm just going to give my two cents on this place in brief:Pros:*Unbelievably swift service.*Great beers.*Great decoration.*Not too far from Uptown Charlotte.*Bikers galore.Cons:*The swift/rapid service results in mediocre at best food (I ordered a brisket that was bland and had little taste at all. The desert was ok).*Staff could be a lot friendlier.*Really noisy.*I have the gut feeling that at least 80% of Mac's clients are diehard republicans. I'm in no way a liberal, but after a mere 5 minutes, I began to feel really uncomfortable hearing the conversations around me.There you go.
2	The food came out fast.  Really fast.  We ordered a little of everything since this was our first visit.  The ribs were terrible with lots of hard, inedible fat globules.  I asked other people (days later) who had eaten here whether this was typical of the ribs.  The answer... Yes.  The ribs are a really low grade for what you pay.  The brisket was thick and dry as a desert.  There was no taste.  The only reason for giving 2 stars is that the shredded BBQ and chicken were average.  The sides tasted mass produced.  The place is extremely loud.  We had to yell at each other.
5	pulled pork - get it.
2	Sad to say Mac's is no longer in our rotational favorites. We appreciate prompt service, but the food is coming out lightning fast with lots of issues. The meat is dry and lukewarm. Mac&cheese is more eggy than cheesy. Brisket was tough and the Texas toast wasn't grilled ,plus wet from sauce on plates. The wings and salads are still tasty. The once delicious bread pudding is also a victim of low quality ingredients. Service was also lacking where we felt  like we were an inconvenience. Hate to run you down for refills/check.  We hope things return to days past  or will definitely not be back.
4	This place has gotten some poor reviews recently. If you are thinking about it now, my vote is to definitely give it a chance. I ate here with a group of about 8.  There was a wait, and the waiting area was cramped (it was cold outside).I tried all the meat types and my recommendation would be to stick with the ribs and beer can chicken. The wings were pretty good, but nothing too awesome. The pulled meets were a little dry. Good flavor, but not moist enough. I didn't put any barbecue on them though, so if that's your style, they'd be better. The ribs were probably the best ribs I have had. I'm certainly no barbecue expert, but they were perfectly cooked and extremely tasty. Good selection of beers, and good place to watch a game. Overall a good place to have a meal. If you are a small party, this definitely helps you get seated faster. They have a bunch of 2 and 4 tops.
5	This place is huge both indoors and out. Beer on tap is money. See if you can toss the ring around the hook..
2	We went with a group of 5 of us and we really wanted to love it but it was just alright. My pulled pork was really dry. We had recently been to Midwood Smokehouse and definitely had a better meal there. Everything just seemed to be OK nothing outstanding. I know this is a super popular place so we might give it another try.
4	It's funny to review a BBQ place when you don't eat BBQ!...The experience is totally worth it. I remember eating here for the 1st time a few years ago...it was a sunny, warm day out...we sat in the patio out front on a picnic table and had such a blast!! I can't wait for that this summer!They have the best mac and cheese and other southern food.  I was with some of my friends who had ordered the BBQ and have never seen a group of guys eat and finish their plates so quickly!! I had gotten the veggie burger...quite delicious, frying makes everything taste better! haha. This place is always packed...it's for a reason...go check it out!
5	Looks like their always pack!!!!
4	Go for the plate and a side of brunswick stew!
4	Great chill spot on a Sunday afternoon, band playing, outside seating, great food. For anyone that hasn't been to Mac's try it out you wont be disappointed.
4	I'm a sucker for some good mac and cheese, and Macs delivers! I'm not picky when it comes to my BBQ as long as it's pulled pork and covered in BBQ sauce. Their sauces are tasty. The staff has always been friendly and quick. Love coming here to eat.
3	Really toyed between 3 and 4 stars and decide to give Mac's a 3 until I am able to return. (This is where half stars would have come in handy!)It's a fun, casual spot. Great four lunch, drinks after or work or to just grab a beer on a beautiful day. The outdoor seating is picnic benches and is usually busy on nice days! I can't say anything about the interior as I have yet to venture inside.I ordered the BBQ platter with sides of Brunswick stew and green bean casserole. The BBQ was superb. Tender, flavorful, and moist with a subtle smoky taste - everything BBQ should be.The sides however were disappointing. The Brunswick stew was not the creamy, meat falling apart, everything-mushing-into-each-other-consistency that Brunswick stew really ought to be and lacked flavor. The green bean casserole was too buttery and did not have enough "crunchies". See picture for reference.I really wanted to fall in love with place and have yet to find that go-to "meat and three" place in Charlotte. Next time, I'll stick with the BBQ and try my luck on better sides!
4	Great spot for food and a few beers. Have taken family from out of town there a number of times and had a good meal. The combo plates are the way to get, get a bit of everything!
5	this place never disappoints
4	Mac's is great for BBQ, beers and buds. I headed there for lunch with some co-workers and everyone really enjoyed their meals. The atmosphere is a bit alternative, which suits me just fine. If I lived in Charlotte, this would definitely be a frequent stop of mine. Side note -- ask for the hushpuppies. They aren't on the menu, but you can get a free batch just for asking. They're pretty tasty.
3	The bbq was pretty good but not outstanding. Maybe it's just the cooking style, but they could've rendered the fat down a lot more.
4	The brisket will make your tongue slap your brain out your head. Big beer selection and a great wait staff. Cool atmosphere offers a place you can unwind with a friends.
4	I got the RIbs and Mac and Cheese, very well worth it, the place was packed for lunch, we had  to sit at the bar.  Definetly recommend this place, great food.
5	GREAT BBQ and service. Never been disappointed!
4	Good beers, great mac n cheese, great atmosphere. A fun time.
3	Great beer selection, pretty waitresses, very average food. Third time here and always have a good time. Fun isn't the issue. Food is. Had their beef rib. Was tasty but a little chewy and very fatty.....more than normal. Mac and cheese was very ordinary. Collards were really good though. Again the Gold Standard for BBQ in Charlotte is Midwood Smokehouse. Compare these 2 together and let me know which you like better. Macs rocks for beer selection and fun atmosphere. Midwood Smokehouse rocks for food.
4	Great BBQ! Friendly atmosphere, good beers. What else can you ask for? Everything I've had at Mac's has been good. I particularly like their brisket - you can get it on a platter, in a quesadilla, sandwich, wrap.. (like shrimp bubba gump style... on everything!)The pulled pork is also a staple favorite. Don't forget to get the Brunswick stew as a side, their mac and cheese is pretty good too! A couple of times my protein has been a little dry, but I just sloshed it in some sauce and just like my 'momma it made it all better... The cherry on top here are the beers, they one of the best selections for a BBQ joint and have a lot of local breweries on tap. I sometimes go with friends for a couple brews and some apps and I'm good to go.It can get really busy at times, but most of the time you'll be able to sit down without worries.
5	Charlotte's best BBQ has it all -- great food, friendly service, a spacious patio and a fantastic beer selection! My pulled pork platter was as good as they come, and my wife really enjoyed her salad. Lots of great craft brews on tap, including local favorites Birdsong and and Triple C. My only complaint is the parking, which is always tight. But as Mac's is just a short walk from a light rail stop, I really can't hold it against them.
4	Big fave and will go here for business lunch. And meet friends here. To eat some great food. I've only been about a half-dozen times, but haven't had any bad experiences. This place is tops!
5	I don't think ALL the owners are good ol' Southern boys, but they sure do know how to make mean BBQ! Service is always friendly and menu is priced just right! Food comes out timely and hot. Only complaint is that they're always packed full! (And wish they'd open up a place in Southpark/Cotswald!)
5	We love this place. We usually get the giant meat platter for 2 and bread pudding. Always delicious! Service has always been friendly and tentative. We have also had their wings which and a little different than normal but still good.
4	One of my top favorite BBQ joints in Charlotte! The fish tacos are pretty tasty, too!
4	Great Lunch, a little slow. the service was awesome even though the kitchen was slow.
4	Great food, esp BBQ specials! Very casual atmosphere, indoors and out.  Traffic noise is distracing if eating outside. Good variety of drinks/beer. Our group was fine with it all.
4	Great combo!!
5	Travelling through and found this gem.  The service was excellent and the BBQ was phenomenal.  The brisket, pulled pork, smoked turkey and ribs were full of flavor and oh so tender. Jackie our server was attentive and pleasant.  Next times we're in town we'll be back!
5	Gunna make this review short and simple.  I'm from California so I still haven't been able to try all the BBQ that I would like but this was the first place we tried on the east coast and let me say, any chance I have to come back into Charlotte I will be stopping here.The food was amazing.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and my sister had a platter of ribs.  The sandwich was out of this world and I slapped some of the SC BBQ sauce on it and that sandwich was gone. Will be back here whenever I can!!
5	Loved this place when I was visiting in town. It's on the outskirts of the South End, which is a trendy area near Uptown. The food was served quickly, the staff was really nice, parking wasn't too bad, and the atmosphere was great. Most importantly, the food was fantastic. I recommend this place to anyone trying to find BBQ near uptown Charlotte.
5	I am a big sauce fan and there are several fantastic sauces for barbecue here. I love the Red sauce personally. The sweat tea is not bad and the pulled pork is wonderful. The atmosphere is lively during lunch at the south blvd. location. I highly recommend Mac's.
4	Best BBQ in charlotte the place looks great. Service is always great I love that a lot of the waitress's are covered in tattoos. The BBQ is a great mix of all styles. My favorite is the ribs. They have a very respectful beer selection as well.I would give it five stars but the tables are cramped and I always get bumped. But it's worth it so we come here often.
4	Pretty good bbq. Nachos didnt come with enough stuff but still good
1	not impressed!!!!  food sucked more of a bar!
5	Fun atmosphere for NFL games if you're looking to watch the game and eat some GOOD BBQ. I love sitting outside here as well. Service has always been great. Delicious all the way. Best place for BBQ in Charlotte by far.
5	My girlfriend came here twice during our weekend visit to Charlotte. The atmosphere is fun, loud, and has a 'biker bar feel,' but the waitresses are very friendly and didn't even mind answering a few of our questions and having a pleasant conversation with us. The BBQ was certainly some of the best I've had; probably in the top 5, definitely the top 10. None of that smothered in sugary BBQ sauce crap, this is the real deal. Plus their vinegar and home made BBQ sauces on the side are great in small doses but the meat is so good it doesn't reaaalllly need much if any at all.Wings w/ Smokin Burnout: Wow, WOW. I've never been a fan of grilled/smoked wings before but Mac's has made me a believer. There were incredibly tender and juicy and the skin was not soft/mushy at all.Pulled Pork, Ribs, and Brisket were all solid and all left us feeling 100% satisfied.
4	The food and atmosphere are great. My husband got a rack of ribs and was completely pleased with them. My sister got a brisket on a Texas toast and it felt apart, great flavor.
5	I always love Macs. GOod beer and drinks, and fabulous food. I usually get the whole lotta, just so I can take home leftovers and enjoy it again the next day. When I was pregnant, I had been smelling something delicious in my crockpot all day, but decided to save it for another day because I just HAD TO HAVE Mac's beer can chicken. :)
4	I really enjoy the laid back atmosphere of Macs.  Great BBQ and cold beer.  Great service and there you have it.  Its been a challenge to find good BBQ Brisket in Charlotte.  Mac's is the place.  Sauces and sides were spot on.
4	Barb-b-que you say, OK...I'm listening.Great place, great atmosphere, great food, great service...did I say great enough times?  I liked the place when I walked through the door, my kind of spot.  Good bar / restaurant atmosphere, bright and open with lots of high tables.  Very friendly staff and a good selection of local beers and some norms.  The menu is pretty big but it's obvious they are not trying to do everything, just some good old fashion barb-b-que items and sides.  I had the Big Porker sandwich and it was pretty high on the scale as pulled pork goes.  The meat was super tender, moist and juicy (not the same thing). The bun was a good fit, fresh and soft to mop up the juices without falling apart or taking over the sandwich.  Sandwich served with coleslaw on top as it should be.  I tried a couple of the sauces including the hot sauce that came with the wings we ordered (oh yeah, they were damn good too).  OK, now I'm thinking about the wings, smoked, filled with flavor and done perfect.  Served with a home-made blue cheese I would come back just for the wings!Definitely worth a stop and I will be back, someday, many times!KT
4	I like the food very much. its great BBQ place whenever Im craving for BBQ food. the Macaroonies and cheese and the greens are good too!
5	While promoting itself as a biker bar - with special parking spots for bikes, I still saw quite a few families there. The place has a fantastic atmosphere and our server was amazing. She would always ask if we needed anything else before we even had a chance to ask. Some of the best service in Charlotte. The beer selection is phenomenal and they have a ton of tv's so it's got the sports bar atmosphere as well. The food portions are fantastic for the price. Everything was so good that we ordered our dinner to go for later. I highly recommend the chocolate pecan pie, which comes with a clearly in-house made caramel sauce that is out of this world! Will most definitely be coming back.
4	We went for a late-ish (1:30 pm) Saturday lunch and the place was packed but we were seated right away and served quickly. We weren't in the mood for beer, but the selection was amazing. My husband and I each got pulled pork - I got the "Lil' Pig" and he got the "Big Pig." With a side of onion rings for me and the appetizer we shared, the meal size was perfect.We shared the Tabasco Fried Pickles - they were wonderful! The pickle chips were a little thicker cut than I'm used to in the Midwest, so they really held flavor. They were spicy but not TOO spicy. A great twist on my favorite appetizer.I thought the onion rings were nothing special, mine were soggy and mostly breading.The pork was nice and tender but I would have liked more slaw (and crunchier slaw) on top. The Carolina barbecue sauce on the table was delicious on the sandwich.Overall, we would definitely go again.
4	I really love the main one on South Blvd. but never go anymore because there is one near me on Sandy Porter.  The food is very good and service fast (on food) but slow on beer/drinks.  Great place to watch a game.  If you are into bikes, this is your place but it's not bikers-only.  The patio is fun in the spring, early summer and fall and they have bands that are fun.  When they try to have bands inside it is WAY too loud and you can't hear yourself talk.  Good barbeque, beer list and fun to stop after work. They need to get their beer club stuff down pat.  They lost my old list when they converted to cards, now I still have NO CLUE what you when and at what points... they never clarify and I don't think the waitresses know.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!! Super friendly staff and great foodI love the Baja salad, while my husband loves the ribs. We come here often, especially when we can enjoy the outside table area
5	We are from out of town and came across Mac's by chance. Have been here twice. Both times excellent. From the hostess, server and the meals. Wish we had one back home. First time we had the tacos. Second time I had the blue cheese burger husband had the big pig. Both excellent. Try it you will love it.
4	Nice atmosphere at Mac's speed shop. Lunch crowd consisted of t-shirts and flops to suits and ties. BBQ plate was tasty but struggled to match the 13 dollar price tag. Large selection of beer in bottles and on tap.
5	This place is awesome...seriously...We came in from out of town and there was about 15 of us. The hostesses were great and assembled two tables together outside, so that we could all be together!Beers were half price, which was clutch. Now most importantly, the food was awesome!! The platters are huge, so you can totally split them between two people. There's also live music a lot, which is always a hit! Def recommend, especially if you are trying to impress guests from out of town!!
4	Very good BBQ.  Get the green bean casserole and mac n cheese before they run out.  Those are two of their best sides.
3	I go to charlotte for work, so when I'm in a new city, especially in south I try to get a little BBQ. I got it to go and went back to my hotel room. There is absolutely nothing wrong with this place. It's pretty darn good. (especially the mac and cheese). I got a standard pulled pork platter and it was just ok.I HATE to cut into someone's BBQ like this-- I know BBQ is a well crafted art form. But if I'm being honest, the pork was a little dry. The service was friendly, the place is cool inside. I really wanted it to be awesome, but it wasn't my favorite BBQ.
3	Pretty good BBQ,  pulled turkey was a little dry but the green been casserole and the mac and cheese redeemed it for 3 stars. The ambiance is cool so i would still definitely come back. Live music outside is a huge plus.
5	Some locals (such as my brother) will say this is the best barbecue in Charlotte. I have to agree this is really delicious. You get a big  pile of tender succulent meat (beer can chicken (your choice of light or dark), ribs, brisket, pulled pork, wings, sausage or mix&match) with 2 sides (including collard greens, mac & cheese, red beans & rice, baked beans, & more). Add your choice of 4 barbecue sauces from bottles on the table. Service was amazing, even though the place was packed (dinner on a Tuesday night). My husband knocked over his water and our waitress was there with napkins within seconds.
4	Didn't get to try too much food, but the dips were good.  The beer was very good and the liters of beer were a great deal.
1	Don't order the take out!! So I called today at 12pm.  The girl who answered was rude and  first demanded my name and number before I could order. I had 10 seconds earlier told her I wanted a ex large $13.00 plate of the pulled pork BBQ and she played stupid and made me order it again.  I ordered coleslaw (mayo based), mac n cheese, and texas toast with extra sauce to the side.  I went promptly down as she said it would be ready when I get there.  I live 2 miles away.  I waited at the end of the bar and was greeted during a busy lunch hour by presumably the bar tendress who quickly took my card and I was out of there.  When I got home here is what I encountered: 1) soggy texas toast 2) dried out white mac n cheese that was bland and room temp with no taste3) the smaller portion chopped room temp not pulled bbq that had no sauce on it. The site advertises  it will be smoked all night in their famous sauce.4) cole slaw that was room temp, that was way to vinegar based to have mayo.The bbq was so fatty it was from a horrible cut.  I think this was a prepped plate that had been sitting out for whomever happened to order it for the last two hours.  So on top of snippy and snarky customer service I spent $ 14.00 on an undersized room temperature/ un-sauced chopped plate of bbq.  Macs supposedly specializes in bbq and I will not be going there again for take out.  Overall for $14.00 for a single plate the price is an absolute rip off!
4	I'm very late with writing this review. My boyfriend & I went here while visiting NC. I don't even remember how we found the place but it definitely satisfied our bbq/soul food craving. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is bc the neighborhood definitely leaves much to be desired. Next time we're in town we are definitely gonna try to make our way back.
4	So I can't believe I haven't reviewed Mac's yet!!! Mac's is bbq place with a biker bar feel. Great outdoor seating area. Not the best bbq in Charlotte, but man, they still have some killer food!I came here last week for lunch all by my lonesome. Grabbed a seat outside and a summer shandy off their pretty extensive draft menu and placed an order for a salad. Yes, salad.....with pulled pork and guac on top!!!! Perfect lunch size and it was like the best of both worlds, healthy salad with a mix of delicious pulled pork.For dinner, try the lil' pig pulled pork sandwich. Delish! Also, there mac and cheese and collards are two winners for sides.
4	I am new to Charlotte, and was lucky to move into the apartments across teh street. We go to this place a couple times a week - and once twice in one day! The barbecue and sides here all taste fresh, house-made and delicious, although I'm sure it's not amazing for you. It's worth it.The beer list is superb if you're a beer person. My boyfriend even joined the "beer club" which gives you points for every new beer you try. We haven't been let down by any of the recommendations from the waitresses, who are friendly and attentive most days. However, don't go on busy biker nights, where the waits are significantly longer and service slows down quite a bit. There's a great outdoor space that's perfect for hanging with groups of friends.
4	Pretty good BBQ!  I found this place on Yelp when I filtered by rating in the area. Both my friend and I had never been so we drove over (you can smell it before you see it) and parked no problem.  They have a parking lot all to themselves, partly covered.  We went during the lunch rush but were still sat immediately?  I had the pulled pork sandwich with a side spinach salad and some cole slaw all for $8!!! My friend had the BBQ Cuban, it was delicious. They have sauces on the table too if you choose to add some extra nom nom to your meal. The service was okay, my server was very busy so we didn't hold that against her. It was kind of hard to hear her though, she was soft spoken.I like the outside seating area.  The bathroom was clean.  I think it's one of those places where the waitresses have to wear skimpy outfits.
4	This is a great place for sports watching!! I am a huge football fan and this is one of my fave places to go with ALL the beer selections. They also have Bike night is which super fun to come out and meet your fellow riders : )
4	I have been a regular for a while now. The brisket is my favorite and the beer selections are great. Not the best place to watch the game, since they only have a few TV in the South Blvd location, but definitely a good place to eat and hang out with your friends.
5	The food is awesome here! I love the chicken nachos and the tacos that they offer here! They are very loaded so you can probably can get filled up with two of them! They have a huge selection of beer which many people can appreciate, although I'm not a big fan of beer. It is packed here most of the time. The service is always great!
4	Very busy place, cozy and casual.Service was kind and efficient.Food was good, fresh and well made. First time in North Carolina so we tried the Combo BBQ and everything was good.We also tried the fried pickles which are an interesting appetizer.Fair prices, so far so good!
3	Great place to take out of towners for some fairly inexpensive BBQ.  Drinks are also cheap.  They have a lot of different BBQ sauces to try which are all decent.  This place is definitely worth a try but not one of my favorites.
4	Mac's BBQ is good, just not as good as Midwood. Ditto for their mac and cheese. And it's a tad bit more expensive.  Still, if I lived in South End, I would go here a lot.  It might not be the best, but it's still very good.
5	Took my parents here when they visited.  Great food, when I go again I'll add more detail.   Get the sausage appetizer!
4	Even though I've been in Charlotte for almost 10 years, I had never been to macs. I finally went for lunch with my boyfriend on a Saturday and I am so glad that I did! The place was busy (as usual) but service was quick. Food and drinks came out fast as well. They have a long list of local beers on tap and bottles. They have specials everyday ok drinks. We ordered a combo platter so that we could try a bunch of food. The brisket was fantastic! The ribs were great. And the pulled pork didn't disappoint. They have about 4 different BBQ sauces to try and they were all good. The Mac and cheese was great but the collards were just okay. I will definitely be back here'
5	This place is fantastic. I only go to Mac's for lunch, but I have never ordered a bad item on the menu. I highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys southern pork barbecue.
3	Good food good atmosphere. Was entirely full but 1 table. I got 4 sides: Brunswick stew, baked beans, green bean casserole & potato salad. BF had salad, fries & BBQ plate. Green beans, baked beans delicious! BF said BBQ was ok. I'd give it a 4 & he said 2 so we gave it a 3. He liked Sonnys BBQ better. If they had corn bread, I'd have recorded a 4. But I guess if your main dish is BBQ, it should be great right? In the end, Sides can't save it.
4	This is a fun place, and in a decent location. I have never had bad service or terrible food here. Prices are pretty decent too.
5	This is my favorite place in Charlotte to take out of towners for lunch.  Amazing BBQ and brisket and they feel like they had an experience!  Love the outdoor space.
4	Good Brisket, some of the best we have ever had, GOOD PORK NACHOS? What you say? Yes, PORK NACHOS, if you have never had them...it is a must do, kinda like a bucket list check point...be ready to go to the gym after, But they are so good...that I don't believe I have ever read the rest of the menu....Beer, PORK NACHOS=Happy Girl :)
4	Mac's is walking distance from.our place so we frequent it. The food is pretty good and a wide beer selection with different weekly specials. Outside seating is fun if the weather isn't too hot. It can get pretty packed so sometimes there is a wait.The food always comes out very quickly. Reasonable prices. Good bbq but maybe not as good as Midwood Smokehouse.
4	If you are in Charlotte, this is the must try place.  Best fried pickles and town.  I'm a vegetarian but there is enough on the menu to satisfy me.  I usually get the veggie plate and make sure I get a big pile of the mac n'cheese.  I love using the different sauces to dip my pickles in and also put it on my mac n'cheese.  Great food and incredible outside dining.
4	Onion rings were good a little too salty though. Chicken nachos were good too, not enough toppings all over them but they tasted good. Mac n cheese was really good. Chipotle wings were good, loved that they were grilled instead of fried. All this plus the blue burger was only like $42
4	Haven't been to Mac's on South Blvd for a good long time so I was pleased to see that the quality is still the same as ever! Great service on the front patio for a Sunday afternoon and I totally enjoyed my BBQ chicken with Texas toast, green bean casserole and MAC & cheese!Hooray for keeping this place up.
4	Two words. "I Die!!!!!" Larger portion that could be spit amongst you and your plus one. Definitely a plus! Pulled  pork, just falls off the bone, beer can chicken was moist and on point. lahhhhhhved it!
4	Always love coming here... Best pulled pork in town! The creamed corn is amazing! I loved hanging out on the patio today with a great breeze. Mondays are $3 pints and what a great selection of beers. Thanks to Kathy for setting up a great (and very rare) lunch date. Perfect start to a day off!
5	always good, always fun. great lively atmosphere.
5	Ribs Ribs Ribs!!!! Beer Beer Beer!!!! I go once a month now that I live in Charlotte.
5	One of my go to places for BBQ! When I go to a BBQ place, I usually end up getting a pulled pork sandwich, but mannnn, you have to try the brisket! They have a combo you can get, get both! Their sauces are awesome. I combine the red and mustard together which has a nice flavor. TRY IT!
5	Work party of six had a great time. Ranking of the food items are as follows. Pulled pork sandwich=very good, Beer Can chicken=very good, Pork Quesadilla's=very good, Beef Brisket = Bad. My crew loves the Beef Brisket at the Steel Creek location. We have ordered it multiple times at the Lake Norman and Southend locations and it's always dry and chewy (Diners Remorse). Steel Creek brisket ranks an excellent and is the best thing on the menu but don't bother ordering at the other Mac's locations. Laura at Southend is fantastic. She never let our glasses run low.
3	Deff. a fun place with lots going on. Very busy & They had Bike Night tonight.  3 stars for the BBQ food & our server. She didn't have much of a personality, in fact the food runner & Another Server helped us more. I'd come back for a few drinks & to Hang out for Bike Night but that's about it.  Charlotte  N.C. BBQ???? Not what I expected.
5	Outstanding! Wings had great smoke flavor, cooked just right to be tender yet crust on outside, sauce not overdone. Ribs BBQ'd to perfection and beef brisket hit the point. Great selection of beers and wait staff was excellent! A must stop!!!!!!!
4	This restaurant is good for friends. Actually, this is my first time try "Southern Food" in United States, and I really like it! I think Mac's Speed Shop is a good place which has good food, good beer and good environment.
4	Great atmosphere. Really cool vibe and one of the more unique places in Charlotte. The beer selection is excellent.  The food is generally pretty good, but I have found it to be inconsistent at times.The service is where Mac's really gets spotty.  I have had some of the most unfriendly and miserable servers here.  The worst was when I saw the charge on my credit card statement and it didn't look right.  I just happened to have the receipt in my wallet.  The server changed the tip amount!  It wasn't enough of a difference to make me complain, but that is just unacceptable.
4	Can't give them 5 stars because that's reserved for Salt Lick, but this place was very, very good.  Wife and I went there on the recommendation of one of the hotel employees.  Knowing that we are really from Texas, he said we probably wouldn't like it.  But no, we enjoyed some very. very good Carolina style BBQ.  Wife ordered the pulled pork.  I made her get the large order because I was going to make her share.  When it came out, it was a very large helping of tender, smokey pork.  Just what I was looking for.  I stuck with the thicker, heavier mustard based Carolina sauce which went very well with the smokey meat (and REAL smoke flavor!!).  Delicious.And I ordered the St. Louis ribs.  Again, very nice.  Tender to the bite, nice rub, smokey, juicy.  Almost as good as what I smoke!!I'd definitely go back there.  Wife and I were tired from lots of driving over the past week and a half, and we really didn't "soak up the atmosphere" but this is definitely a place to go watch a game, and enjoy pork, ribs, beers, and maybe even some brisket!!
4	When I first moved to Charlotte, I was recommended to come here by a waitress at another burger restaurant in town. The appetizer selection is cheap and wide-ranging, and the fried pickles were delicious (if not a little spicy!). My boyfriend got the BBQ pork and thought the sandwich was great. The mac and cheese was amazing! Overall, I would come here again to try something different.
5	I stopped by at 5 pm tonight to check out their Carolina BBQ.  When I arrived I got a cool table where I could check out the TV monitors and hot servers.This is a cool place, a cross between a biker's bar and Hooter's.  For Dinner, I ordered their combo platter with Beer Can Chicken, St Louis Ribs, Brisket, Sausage and Pulled Pork.  My sides were the Texas Toast, Mac and Cheese and Sweet Potato Fries.When the platter arrived, it was huge.  The Chicken was great w/ the SC Mustard Sauce.  The Pulled Pork was equally yummy w/ the NC BBQ Sauce.  The Sausage Brisket and Ribs were also great......wonderful flavor.....super yummy.My sides were good esp the Sweet Potato Fries w/ the Honey Mustard Sauce.For Desert, I had the Banana Pudding and the Fried Apple Pie w/ Ice Cream.  Both were freaking good....soooo yummy esp the Pie.  I came in my pants.....no BJ needed tonight!I love this place.  Awesome, Awesome BBQ,  Vibe and HOT servers!
4	So good!
5	Rustic but fun atmosphere. Indoor and outdoor seating. The brisket is wonderful. Fried dill pickles are a must for an appetizer.
5	Had the pulled pork and a variety of sides. Green bean casserole was delish, fries were good, Mac n cheese was "good. reallll good." Pulled pork was great and the bbq sauces on the table really make it!! I'd pass on the cole slaw next time, though - nothing special.
5	Great BBQ best smoked beer chicken I have had. Great services lots of beer on draft. Oh yeah I'll be back.
4	Delicious Southern BBQ.  Some coworkers took me here while I was on business in Charlotte.  Very reasonably priced and tasty! I had melt in your mouth fried catfish, two sides, and banana pudding for dessert. My bill with tax was only $17!  Other diners in our party raved about the brisket and the pulled pork sandwich.  Insiders tip: ask for hush puppies before your meal. They are free, but you have to ask for them!  The only downside was the seating. Inside, the stools are very uncomfortable.
5	I come here every year because hands down it is the best BBQ, atmosphere,  quality time I get anywhere in the nation! The ribs are out of control, the beverage selection is magnificent, there is nothing to discuss, if you are in Charlotte make your way to this place!
4	Came to NC for a short trip and was looking for some good southern food! Glad we came to this place! FOOD:Chicken wings-Chipotle (5 stars): Juicy, tasty, so good. Their wings have a good amount of meat on them and they are so moist!Chicken wings-Smokin' Burn Out (5 stars): Pretty spicy but really good as well. Their blue cheese tastes really good with it. Mac 'n cheese (4 stars): Cheesy and light and yummy.French Fries (4 stars): Crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. Addicting.Deviled eggs (3 stars): Not that flavorful.Brownie with Ice Cream (3.5 stars): Pretty big brownie, but light. Not a gourmet brownie or anything, but hit the spot for a sweet ending to my meal. Standard, not too sweet. ATMOSPHERE (5 stars): So cute outside with the wooden tables and Christmas lights above you. Def sit on the patio outside! You can watch the game on the TVs too. SERVICE (5 stars):Our waitress was really nice, on top of all our requests.
2	This BBQ was so bad I had to make this be my first yelp review to spread the words to others... Good atmosphere, good beer selections, good service.  HORRIBLE PULLED PORK! It was so bland I could hardly believe it had ever been smoked. Steer clear if you are going for what you think will be good bbq. If you are going for atmosphere and a quick beer you are safe.
4	BBQ is fairly good, get there early or you won't get in. I would say its a bit over rated but worth trying.
5	I love this place!! The wings are amazing (VTX Chipotle and red BBQ are my fave)... My favorite dish is the brisket, whether it's the platter or the open face sandwich. I have also had the beef ribs and beer can chicken and both amazing... The fries are always crispy, also the onion rings are great. They have hush puppies with a honey butter that just melts in your mouth! The service is always great! Every time I send co-workers or friends here, they come back with amazing stories but always that the food was phenomenal. Just to throw it out there my fave sauce is the Red BBQ! Great job and keep up the good work!
4	Nice vibe..cowboys, bikers and BMWs all are welcomed.  I got the Little Bit of Stuff combo.. pulled pork, brisket and got mac and cheese, green beans as sides. HUGE portions.  Also had hush puppies w/ a honey butter that were outstanding.  Nice beer selection.  Lots of tv's and high top picnic tables with stools for seating.  Nothing fancy but we went there twice during a two week stay.
5	Love the food!!!
4	Best ribs!Mac and cheese was good. Baked beans were a different twist and a good change. Yummy crispy onion rings - seasoned really good. Pulled pork was tender and great flavor.But the winner of the meal were the meaty, tender ribs.
4	Great beer selection. I usually get the Cuban sandwich. REALLY good mac n cheese and green bean casserole. The smoked wings are worthwhile, too.
5	Love the laid back vibe of this place and we have been there a half dozen times and have always had wonderful service. Their brisket and pulled pork are the best I have ever tasted! Their sides are phenomenal (mac n cheese and creamed corn are my faves) and they have an array of local beer options! My only complaint (being a yankee) is that I don't love their BBQ sauce selections...but the meat is so good you don't need it! This is a regular stop in our rotation!
4	This place has been on my bookmark list for the better part of the year and I was finally able to try it out. Macs has really good barbecue and a great atmosphere. I agree with a few of the other reviews - not the best barbecue in Charlotte but it's definitely in the top 5. I dined here with a colleague for lunch and sat at a table outside. We started with the fried pickles and they were some of the best I've had. The pickles had a nice dill flavor and were fairly thick cut. For lunch I had the pulled pork sandwich with sweet potato fries. The sauces available were bold and complimented the sandwich nicely. Will I be back? Absolutely. Another solid barbecue joint in Charlotte with unique flair.
5	Fantastic.  Great sampler four in one. Good smoke ring on the pulled pork and ribs !! Brisket was a little tough but the table selection of sauces was fantastical. And the atmosphere was great  HUGE beer selection . . Saw Arron Kaufman from "fast and loud ". Here. Too. Nice touch !!
4	This is a cool place to go. My husband has a Harley Davidson and we love riding there. The ribs are good, the hush puppies and the burgers. We also like the appetizers. Check it out!
5	I'm a BBQ lover and Mac's is top notch! We got the 4 meats 4 sides platter and it was amazing! Everything was cooked to perfection and the assortment of sauces was great for the a variety of tastes!
4	The food here was actually not so bad.  Looking from the outside, you wouldn't think so, but the food is well worth it.  Give it a try!My friend and I got the sampler and it was great!
4	Good food, especially the green bean casserole, Mac n cheese and BBQ! I love going there after work on Friday's with friends. Great atmosphere, great beer selection and good food. Perfect place for drinks with friends
5	Excellent food and beers. There can be a wait during heavy traffic times, but the host and wait staff are always excellent at accommodating my party quickly.
5	Loved this place... But do wait to be seated, They are serious about the justin bieber music, or the hard looks... The food is just yummy! I had the bbq ribs, yes the whole rack.... AMAZINGLY good and tender!! I also tried The beef briskets, mac and cheese, the chicken, and of course the fried pickles, and Everything was just good...
5	Love this place soo much.  It's got a little grunge to it that I appreciate. Also bikers are welcomed and encouraged to make this place there safe haven..... Cool with me because it adds to the diversity of this place.  I swear it's the best mix of people which makes for awesome people watching!! Live music and when there is none you can listen to awesome old school and alt. rock thru the speakers. Great BBQ....I highly recommend the wings or brisket tacos!!! JEFFERSON IS THE MAN! Every time I leave here I'm as happy as a hippo.
3	So we roll into town and I ask the valet, were do I go for bbq, w/o hesitation he sends me to macs. Nice ambience, biker bar but not an unfriendly vibe, nice mixture of people. To be totally honest with you, I'm not much of a Carolina q fan, I prefer KC or Memphis style or even St Louis, however when in Rome. I ordered the Carolina brisket, wife got the St Louis cut, got the collard greens, slaw, she got the green bean casserole and sweet corn. Ordered two draft beers, I got a brew, turbodog from IA wife got a dognose red ale, both were good.Everything was good, just not overpowering "wow", I got nothing negative here, I just think at the end of the day I'm still a KC q fan more than the vinegar style I get in NC. Not exactly cheap, 2 meals tapped out at $45 w/o tip and tax. We'll check out some more joints before we burn out, 3.5 stars.
5	Best collard greens I've ever had with BBQ to match. $3 pints of ANY BEER on Mondays. Super friendly wait staff. I'm definitely coming back here next time I'm in the area.
3	If you're a barbecue fan, this is the place for you.  Get the little pig if you're a beginner, its a good intro to BBQ.  The atmosphere is great, and on a sunny day there is no better place to grab a beer (specially on work lunch break - wink wink).  Parking can be a challenge at time but nothing too concerining.
5	my go to for BBQ. Love the beer selection too
4	Great spot, awesome service. Food came out fresh and hot. Nice beer selection and excellent pork.
5	The brisket and Mac-n-Cheese is amazing! GREAT place to watch sports...especially basketball! Go CATS!!!!
4	Great BBQ and excellent service! Try the fried pickles, they're delicious.
4	Well, this is the place to go in Charlotte for BBQ.  I ordered the Lil Pig pulled pork sandwich, which came with one side.  It was reasonably priced and more than I wanted to eat for lunch!  My friend ordered the platter which has 3 different meats and two sides, I think, and everything tasted delicious! The decor is casual/biker-friendly, and it just seems like a great spot for family throw down.  I'll definitely go back!
4	Best Barbecue spot in Charlotte! We eat here a few times a week and love the food and atmosphere. Only note is that if you are looking to eat here during busy hours, plan ahead for parking. Live music and great eats make this a place I highly recommend.
4	Took some out-of-towner friends here last weekend to show them how BBQ is in the South, and we weren't disappointed! My friend said the bbq ribs were the best ribs he had ever had! My pulled pork was a bit dry though. And also it took the waitresses quite long to see us to a table and settle in, and were a bit too sarcastic for my liking. But overall I was just happy that my friends enjoyed their time in Charlotte, especially for the food!
4	The BEST!!! Love the service and the food! Best ribs in town! I am addicted to the BAJA salad, while my husband loves the ribs. We love the outside seating.
5	Best sloppy joe ever!!!
3	Mac's Speed Shop is a biker bar that serves BBQ.  The BBQ is okay if you like more of the vinegar based BBQ.Every now again when I want something different, I usually find myself here.The atmosphere is always loud and energetic.  I wish that the restaurant was bigger so that they could offer more sit down booths as oppose to a bunch of high tops.  but that is just my personal preference.
4	This place never disappoints. Food is super, service is usually excellent! You will not leave here hungry. Try the brisket!
4	Mac's is a solid spot.The food is good, not great, but I'm usually pretty happy with it. The smoked wings were large and bursting with smoky flavor. I just wish the skin was a bit crispier. The smokin' burn out sauce had a decent heat. The waitress said 8/10... I thought it was closer to a 6/10. On our very first visit to Mac's we ordered the sampler plate with sausage, brisket, ribs and chicken. Unfortunately, the brisket and ribs were super dry. The sausage was ok but not that exciting.  I'm glad that I gave them another chance because I'm pretty sure that visit was a fluke.The ribs are pretty stellar (minus that first visit). The half rack is a sizable portion and a great value. My favorite thing on the menu is the Beer Can Chicken. It is juicy with tons of smoky flavor. I just wish Mac's would step up their game on the sides. FYI the side salad is just boring, iceberg lettuce and few shreds of carrots. It's a BBQ joint, so I guess I shouldn't have expected more. They have daily drink specials (check their calender online) and live music on Sundays and Wednesdays.
4	Good service and bbq
4	This is the first barbecue place I visited in Charlotte and it definitely did not disappoint. First, they have an awesome beer selection on tap and bottles/cans. Also, if you're there during certain nights during the week they have a $2 mystery beer and will bring you a surprise beer. I've tried this a few times and tried some awesome new beers! Next, their food is great! I had the pulled pork, wings, and southwest salad and all were great! They also have some great sides and by far some of the best Mac & cheese in Charlotte! The green bean casserole is also quite good. Atmosphere is fun and I have yet to be there when it was less than 1/2 full. They have a patio, porch, and inside restaurant so lots of seating options when it's warm enough. Overall great bbq option.
4	We love Mac's! Best wings in Charlotte, awesome bbq, brisket sandwich, even salads. The waitresses are great. Bar selection is extensive. There's good outdoor seating. It's loud inside and always seems to be packed. We recommend Mac's wholeheartedly!
4	First the Cons: Lunch time its packed in here and very busy, also the parking isn't that great either. So get there early by 11am if you want a spot. There is additional parking but you have to be careful of tow zones. Now the pro's: The food is great, bbq is good, lots of sauces, wait staff is knowledgeable of the menu and helpful. Cool atmosphere. Reminds me of an upscale biker bar if there is such a thing.
5	Best barbecue I've had thus far in this part of the state. Charlotte isn't historically a barbecue hotspot, but it has a few places like Mac's that hit the spot when you need your fix. The entire Mac's experience is fun--friendly service, fun environment, relaxed atmosphere. Highly recommended!
