5	I love staying at this hotel.  Caters to business travelers, check in and out is quick and painless, no B.S., rooms are clean and comfy, wireless internet is free - and the pool and jacuzzi is sparkling clean and inviting.  Fitness room is well equipped for a hotel this size, and the free morning breakfast is nice.Staff are very professional.
1	I will not stay there again. The people who run the hotel are cordial enough, if you can find them. Multiple calls to the switchboard were unanswered, and no one at the front desk late at night. When I asked to have a bath mat for the tub, which was extra slippery, I was promised one, but it was never delivered after an entire day. I got back to the hotel late and night and took a shower without a mat and slipped and fell getting out of the tub, because the tub is not at the same level as the floor and there is no way to judge the distance. A towel for a floor mat outside the tub slipped out from under me and I hit the door with my head as I fell to the floor. The walls are not soundproof and the room door are designed to slam shut. There are flashing lights in the cieling of the room that operate all night, and when the fan below the window in the outside wall comes on, it is very loud. Looks are deceiving. I got a deal through Priceline.com, but I wish I hadn't gone there.
2	From an aesthetical point of view, your hotel is nice. However, from a functional point of view, I don't know that I would stay here again. The walls are way too thin. The room next to mine had their TV on extremely loud until ridiculous hours (even AFTER I put my headphones on, I could still hear). I would think twice before putting TVs up against the same wall as beds in the next room. It was absolutely horrible. The cordless phone on my nightstand did not work and the wireless Internet connection was very weak and I needed to reconnect frequently. My suggestion would also be to spring for a better brand of toilet paper. We don't live in Europe in the 60s. I would expect something better than sandpaper. Next time I come to Vegas, I will spring the extra $20 for a better experience elsewhere.
4	Stayed here 10/2000I read reviews and thought they were tough. I had a suite which was incredibly nice and LARGE. Didn't have a noise, internet, etc. problem. The staff was courteous. Nice towels, linens and best of all NO BED BUGS...LOL.  The breakfast was plentiful. It is a business hotel. I liked free parking and free internet. Who can complain?I usually stay on the strip and have never stayed in Henderson before. A bit far from the casinos but I didn't mind the drive. It gave me a chance to see more of vegas than I normally would have.
3	Just mediocre!  The walls are way too thin, plenty of noise!  Also, I have never seen so many small pillows in my life!  Wish they would have been the standard size.  Room is not set up properly.  If someone is in the shower, it is always nice to have the option for the second person to be able to do hair/makeup outside of the bathroom.  It didn't work!  There is no mirror above the desk and the other mirror above the dresser you can't plug anything in.  Extra towels in the bathroom would also be nice for two people and it's always nice to have an extra blanket in the closet.  When I called housekeeping to obtain these items, the phone rang constantly busy.  The provided breakfast was a nice touch and the little gal worked hard to make sure nothing ran out.  The hotel in itself needs refurbishing.  The carpet was dirty and the colors old.
2	I booked this hotel because they offered a free shuttle service to and from the airport, and also to and from the Green Valley Ranch, which is 2.5 miles away. The only requirement was to book the shuttle rides 24 hours in advance, which I did.I booked it for 8:15am the first morning. I arrived in the lobby at 8:12am and the shuttle didn't arrive until 8:32am. Why? It was also booked for an 8am departure to the Green Valley Ranch, but it left 10 minutes late. So I arrived late at my conference (and lost the seat my friend was holding for me) because they scheduled the two trips too close together and also because they left ten minutes late for the first one. Someone also erased times that I had booked the shuttle for the next couple of days, and the got mixed up about the pickup times. Another BIG problem for me was that the walls were thin, and I could hear my neighbors (and their TVs) on both sides of me, and footsteps from the neighbor above me. On my third night, I called the operator at around 11pm saying that I could hear TVs from both of my neighbors. The operator called both to request that they reduce the volume. They reached one, but said the other wasn't picking up the phone. I asked them to knock on that person's door, and if there was no answer, to enter the room and turn down the TV. The front desk clerk said he wasn't allowed to enter a guest's room without their permission.Luckily, they were able to switch me to another room, but then I had to pack everything up and relocate just when I was getting ready for bed.On the positive side, the beds are comfortable and the hotel is immaculate. And they serve a free breakfast which includes fresh fruit. And theoretically, their shuttle can take you anywhere nearby for free, if you schedule it 24 hours in advance.
4	I usually stay here on the weekend because you can grab rooms for $60. The weekend though is sometimes full of families, etc, so it can get noisy and the breakfast bar is seemingly always crowded. They do take care of the breakfast pretty good and the staff is nice, especially the cute redhead who is probably way too young for me. Anyway, free WIFI was pretty fast and the beds are decent, just bring your own pillows. Small fridge is also nice and decent size room. Otatmeal is pretty nasty though, but full-size bagels and individual cereal boxes and individual cartons of milk are also impressive. Oh, also a free printer. Pretty nice for a short stay and there are three bars within walking distance. Fireside and Remedy's have the best food.
5	The best place to stay when you just want to get away!!
5	Rooms are immaculate, staff very nice and you get a pretty good breakfast (and hot cookies in the afternoon).**Great for small meetings and seminars less than 50 people.    If you're going to do an even ASK FOR ELIZABETH AND TELL HER JASE REFERRED YOU** Elizabeth is great, helpful, and bends over backwards to make your event work.  Very nice, good looking board room.Free Wi-Fi.Clean pool.This is a smoke free hotel (at least the lobby etc.  If you live in Vegas or go to a bunch of events here, and you're a non-smoker, you'll appreciate the no smoking environment.  The might have "smoking rooms" to stay in, but I don't know about it).The rooms are MUCH NICER than you'd expect.
4	Only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is the lack of quantity of linens, pillows etc.  The room was spotless, staff friendly.  Fresh coffee, spa water, and cookies in the lobby.  However for a family of 5, with a suite including a hide-a-bed we were given 4 small pillows and 3 sets of towels. Had to ask for more.  No towels by the pool either.  Other then that it's fabulous.  Maybe someone stole all their bedding?!
5	Awesome room, comfy beds, great price...EVERYTHING you could ask for.  The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are provided what you need and then some.  The shuttle will take you within 5 miles, so you can get groceries and stock your mini fridge, go to Southpoint or the M, basically to whatever you need/want.  The breakfast buffet rocks, plus fresh baked cookies in the afternoon.
4	Opted to stay here rather than the strip. Price paid is quite reasonable comes with free  daily breakfast. Room is clean ,fresh linen and comfy bed and pillows. Maid service everyday.Minor renovation was on going during my stay. It didn't bother me since I was out early during the day and back late at night when everything is over.The walls of the room are paper thin. You can hear the banging of the door and whatever it is that is going on the other side.Newspaper is not free. They charge you .75 a day if you choose to accept the paper by the door. wifi is free comes in and out at times.Computer free to use at the business center with printer function.
4	Nice clean rooms with comfy beds!
5	Love this hotel, my favorite part is the view at night you can see the city. The rooms were clean no bugs and doesn't smell..
5	I like that this hotel is located south and away from all the crazy action that is "Las Vegas". Its right off a main road so it's easy to get to and there is a bar/restaurant right across the parking lot which also comes in handy. The check in process was super easy and the decor is beautifully updated. The rooms were very clean and comfortable. The continental breakfast offered in the morning was also delicious....blueberry pancakes smelled and looked awesome. There is also eggs, sausage, yogurt, fruit and pastries. We had a very pleasant stay and would definitely come back again.
1	Okay, they almost got five stars! Everything went really well !! Even the paper thin walls, didn't even bother me ! Hearing the person next door snoring all night didn't even bother me!  I came here with my boyfriend and daughter. We stayed here because he coaches a Little league team, who were playing here in Henderson for a tournament. The whole team, plus family...were staying here...in this hotel.  This is were they lost 4 stars.....Check out time is 11:00am (keep that in mind)!!!The last day, we stay here. My daughter and I drop the boyfriend off at the park, that they were playing . At 9:00am! I come back to the hotel to get everything packed to go back to LOS Angeles, after the game! 10:45am rolls around and as I'm getting ready to get everything back in the car and tell my daughter to brush her teeth. I get a call from front desk. Guy says, " All the guest checked out and that means you have to Vacate the room too. IF you stay past 11am you will be charged an extra day"!!!!  My phone says 10:45am!!!! WTF???? I seriously wouldn't have thought twice about this weird call, IFFFFFF this fool didn't talk to me,  like I was a piece of shit that needed to vacate this room immediately. After my boyfriend paid for the room and check out was 11 am.  Ummm....what does it have to do with us???? My boyfriend did not check out!!!!! His name was under the room!!!!!!!! What the hell does that have to do with me..???? I technically still have 15 mins!!!!!! Is this how they tell their guest to vacate the room???? Why did the key still work???  I was sooooo freaking baffled, I just told him, "okay".Why did he call to tell me that i had to leave when the other guest checked out? BUT...then say if i stay past 11am I will be charged another day?????Sounds like this hotel does not know professionalism whats so ever. Or the front desk people are stupid as hell and don't know how to tell time!!!  Either way THIS HOTEL FUCKED UP !!! NOT ONLY WILL I NOT COME HERE EVER AGAIN. BUT...AFTER THIS INCIDENT I TOLD ALLLL THE PARENTS ON THE BASEBALL TEAM AND THEY WERE IRATE WITH HOW THIS HOTEL, FOR NO DAMN REASON,  BECAUSE THE WAY THEY HANDLED THIS SO POORLY.  WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN... One star for the breakfast!!!!!  Stayed here 04/12-04/14
4	I didn't stay here so I can't talk about the rooms. I was there for an event. The meeting rooms were clean with a good air conditioning system (it works and you didn't need an engineering degree to adjust it) The lobby was spacious and clean as well. Looks like they have coffee for the guests as well. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
