5	I got married in Las Vegas and was introduced to Elaine with Pampered Bride.After I spoke to her over the phone, I checked out her website, liked what I saw then made an appointment with her for trial hair & makeup a few days before our wedding, which was worth every penny, by doing that & taking pics afterwards I realized I wanted a couple of changes in my hair style & makeup.Anyway, on the day of the wedding Elaine, Judy & Mistie came to our room and did my bridesmaids, maid of honor & my hair/makeup.All three of them did a Fabulous job and I looked exactly the way I wanted to look, very "Vintage". Received a lot of compliments from everyone.I would Totally recommend the Pampered Bride to anyone!!! Jade :)
5	I got married in Vegas this past weekend and I ended up using Pampered Brides for our hair. Elaine came to our room, which helped tremendously. She did both mine and my sister's hair. It only took about an hour and a half to do both styles and she did a FANTASTIC job. She gave us both the exact looks that we wanted. Both my sister and I have hair that won't hold a curl at all, and with what she did, our hair lasted all day and didn't have that super crunchy look/feel. Her prices were definitely reasonable ($150 for both of us together). I would highly recommend Elaine. She does great work and has a great personality too!
5	What can I say, both Elaine and Misty are fantastic.  Friendly and easy to work with, fun to talk to and down to earth.  I didnt know what to expect, but I wasnt expecting to be treated like I was and that was like a princess.  I, the bride, felt beautiful and comfortable before they even started on my makeup or hair.  Elaine knows her hair.  She diagnosed me before touching my hair.  Amazing.  Not even hairdressers can do this.  I have a lot of hair, but its fine.  She knew!!!  I brought a hair style and she made it work for me.  She made my bridesmaids look terrific too.  Amazing.  Misty is wonderful too.  I was going to have the spa at the hotel do my make up but they came so highly praised that I went with hair and makeup and boy am I glad I chose them.  I wanted a trial, but no worries about NOT having one.  These two are as professional as they come and will make you ravenous!
5	Wow! I was super impressed. Elaine came to my room promptly at 930am and started setting up. She listened to exactly what I wanted and she got to work. She would stop occasionally to make sure I was liking the direction my hair was going and it was awesome. I seriously had no tweaks to her beautiful work. She made me feel like a princess. She did my hair and makeup beautifully I couldn't have been more impressed. Not only that- she's an animal lover, how could you not like someone like that?!?!
5	I had the best experience with Elaine! She came to my hotel room right when she said she would (a couple of minutes early actually) and got all set up. I had given her a somewhat vague description of what I wanted (50's vintage look) and she was able to create the perfect look, even despite my short, not so 50's haircut. She showed me some examples of a few things she could do and I picked from there. She kept checking in and said that if I didn't like what she did she could change it. I never did have to ask her to change anything as both my hair and makeup were perfect and perfectly complemented my dress and the look I was going for. I received many, many compliments on my hair and makeup, and everyone was impressed with how great I looked! I could not recommend her more to other brides getting married in Las Vegas! Also, my husband and I wanted to do a "first roller coaster ride" instead of a first dance. When I told Elaine this she did not flinch and told me that my hair would be just fine and it really did survive riding the roller coaster! My makeup lasted all day too!
5	03.23.13 (Wedding at the Chapel at Excalibur)Awesome, awesome, awesome. Seriously, this is the way to go if you, especially, if you are getting married. There were 4 of us and my mother is NOT an easy person to work with but Elaine and the makeup artist worked with her and honestly, she got so many compliments. That alone is worth the 5 stars.Now, as for me, I had gotten "sick" from nerves for 2 nights prior and when this happens, my face breaks out in little red dots all over my face. The makeup artist told me not to worry about it and he'd take care of it. That's exactly what he did. You cannot tell in ANY of the pictures that I had anything wrong with me.I have two adult girls who were in the wedding (his daughter and mine) and they were going to wear their hair the same, but Elaine thought, the same but different. Each girl was gorgeous. Again, the same, but different and the styles fit their personalities.So to recap, Elaine and the Makeup Artist worked on 20 somethings, 40 something, and 70 something, and we were all complimented by different people throughout the night and the camera definitely loved us. BTW, I definitely recommend false eye lashes (everyone, but Mom got them).Thank you, Pampered Brides. You definitely made me feel pampered.FYI: Cash only. I totally forgot and some of us had to run to the ATM.
5	AMAZING!!! I came to Las Vegas to get married on July 11, 2013 and was very nervous about my hair and makeup being perfect for my big day. Because I was booking everything from out of town and long distance, I was only able to go off of the recommendation from the photographer and reviews online. After my perfectly amazing experience with Pampered Bride, I felt compelled to write this review myself and share this awesome experience. Elaine and Sandra came to my hotel room promptly and ready to go. They brought all the supplies necessary for hair and makeup. All we had to do was relax and be pampered. Elaine listened to all our requests and perfectly completed my hair (bride), my daughter's hair and my Mom's hair. She did a fabulous job on all three styles, which were all unique and all three of us have different types of hair. Sandra did all of our makeup. I had airbrush makeup and lashes and would highly recommend it to anyone who wants fabulous pictures on your big day. Of course, that morning I woke up with a huge blemish on my face and was super stressed, but with the airbrush makeup and Sandra's expertise, you would never know it was even there. She was able to fulfill all our requests and each of us came out flawless and perfect. Both the makeup and hair lasted all day from noon until early the next morning (including through the ceremony, 4 hours of pictures partly outside in 100 degree heat, dinner reception and after party). The price is extremely reasonable, especially considering that all the necessary materials are supplied and they come directly to you! I would highly recommend Pampered Bride (Elaine and Sandra) to any bride-to-be and/or wedding party in the Las Vegas area. Their calm demeanor and professionalism made getting ready for my wedding a breeze. They were absolutely perfect and helped make my memories of my big day perfect!
5	Holy moly. These ladies are great! They got me all dolled up for a photo shoot, and I was NOT disappointed. They were fun to chat with, and really cared about making me look perfect. I was weary because I have so much hair, and my skin tone is really hard to match. Trust me, at first I was unsure...my hair looked wacky and my makeup just didn't seem to look on point. I decided to not focus on them and let them do their thing. Next time I looked up, I looked AMAZING!!! Wow wow wow. These ladies are amazing! Perfect in every way! I was so impressed, even my husband, who did the spot with me, couldn't stop telling me how great I looked. :-) Thank you ladies.
2	I scheduled an appointment through this company weeks in advance to have my hair and makeup done for $135.00 + tip. My wedding company changed the time of my wedding the day of the wedding and therefore I changed the time of my appointment with this company to 3:00 PM. I figured 2 hours was plenty of time to do an up-do and make up, I needed to be ready to go at 5:00 pm. At 5:30, I was literally running out the door and through the lobby of the hotel in my wedding dress, only 50% ready.As much as I liked the stylist as a person, she did not do a good job. I have short, thick hair and gave her some ideas of what kind of wedding hair I wanted. We got along great but when it came down to getting the job done, she didn't. It took her 2 1/2 hours just to do my hair which honestly came out horribly. I hated the style and had no choice but to run out of the hotel room with bad hair on my wedding day and NO make up! She took so long doing my hair that I ended up doing my OWN make up in the limo on the way to our wedding. It was so stressful and I have to say I would NOT recommend this company to anyone.
