5	It feels so bad that this place wasn't event in the system base. Anyway, that being said, I've added this place. It's a Tapas bar and it's the first Tapas Bar I actually go. The concept is Spanish. In Spain everybody goes out EVERY night. Tapas is a great way of getting something to eat and drink some red spanish wine at the bar with friends. In North america, most concept is more like a restaurant and will have more sitting places with a trendy-young crowd. I had a lot to eat there actually and some drink there and there. Great selection of Drink and beer. The service seems a little bit confusing but looks like it was working pretty well. Different waiter/waitresses during the meal but friendly and efficient. I had Beef Carpaccio = super great, with a small cresson salad and old grinded chedar, the texture+ taste was awesome.Anneth Smoked Salmon = a classic but the quality was really the top. Extremly freshGrilled Octopus on a lens salad: WOW! Now the salad is extremly great with crouton or bread and the Octopus, never ate some octopus as good as this. It's so great that if you go there, build over the predjudice you might have against octopus because it's tender, the meat is tasty and smoke-ish (because it's grilled). Bacon dates with chiorizo and nuts: with a balsamic / rasberry reduction: Ok now that's so great that as soon as I had one in my mouth, I had already pick up the other one to eat it right away. It's pretty sweet but the spicy taste of chiorizo is great. Grilled Chorizo with balsam reduction: Ok it's sums it all: hmmSeafood Casserole gratin with a nice cheese sauce; It doesn't overpower the seafood taste and it's really great quality. Lamb and Olive Tajine  with lemon and ginger confit: that's great, with fresh coriander, nice small potato. Really nice to share with friend a plate. The more the Merrier is definetely something that apply to that kind of restaurant!
5	I am a complete fan of this place. The only downside is that it is a little bit pricy to go there very often but other than I am amazed.The food is completely amazing (N.B. Only tapas place), the staff is really good (especially the boss who is very nice). I mean they are nice, respectful and you can see that they do care about their customers. This place is an hidden gem and I am very happy that I found that.
5	I love Taza Flores! The place looks good and the terrace is very pleasant in the summer. The service is very friendly and attentive. And everything on the menu is really really good. I've been going for years and it never fails. My favorite are the lamb tajine, the chorizo, the eggplant pizza and the mergez in tomato sauce. It is a bit expensive for the size of the portions, but they put love into it.
1	I was so disappointed with my experience there for the mtl a table. The carpaccio was so salty, the ceviche was disgusting, the tortilla was a disgusting quich filled with potatoes, the tartare was not eatable and the artichaut looked like wet dog food. I don't recommend this place to anyone. The only up side was the service, the decor and the wine.
5	This place is great. It has an eclectic menu, but each of the 6 dishes we tried was great. To have not a single miss is impressive. Highly recommended are the Tagine with lamb, the walnut salad, the mango salad, the tarte tatin, lamb cigars, and the eggplant pizza. Service was excellent. Catherine was fantastic. This is a must-try place.
4	Having lived in this area of the Mile End for a little over a year, I can attest to the fact that Taza Flores is a gem that is frequented by mostly locals (especially by those who are attempting to be a bit frugal without sacrificing food quality). This spot also doesn't succumb to same aura of hipster-pretentiousness that plagues other restaurants/bars of the Mile End.Last night, I went with a few people and shared four tapas, including Eggplant Pizza; Cod Fritters; Grilled Chorizo; and the Vegetable Platter. All of these options were fantastic, flavourful, and made with delicate care by the chef in the bar area. Having initially expressed some skepticism around the cod fritters, this particular tapas ironically blew me away. It was fried as the name implies, and served with a rich and creamy tartar sauce.While the service was exceptionally good, I'd suggest in the future that they explain the options more in-depth without being prompted by the restaurant guests (ie. explain each aspect of the vegetable platter tapas). Fun tip: Go after 11pm and order three tapas for ~$23.
5	My friends and I went to this restaurant as part of our week of Mtl a table. This adorable restaurant in the upper parts of Du Parc street is cozy and welcoming. That was a wonderful start!The night only got better with the food. Very Mediterranean, these tapas were the perfect size, very reasonably priced and delicious. The mango salad was a winner with very differing tastes of fruit, cheese and greens mixing exquisitely. The tajine d'agneau, the tilapia ceviche, the calamari and more. We were three and ordered 3 tapas each. This way we shared more and experienced a wider variety of tastes. That was one of the keys to this night being great-every dish was strong yet delicate. This was an amazing restaurant and I will definitely be going back.
