1	After a quick review from Cigar Aficianado, my gfs and i decided to check out Rhumbar after our morning conference. The humidor was not as widely stocked as claimed on the CA article. There seemed to be more higher end cigars you can find at their Casa Fuente Cigar shop---oh wait, one of the owners is part of Casa Fuente....ahhhhh...The drinks were decent but bland. Definitely a miss for us gals.
2	As I walked into the Mirage last week the first thing I noticed is a new bar patio off to the right of the entrance. Rhumbar - this sounds interesting. There used to be a gift shop & sundry store located where this cool looking bar is now. I walked in and grabbed a menu and went straight for the mai-tai. There it is ... the original Trader Vic's recipe. OK, that's a good start. But $14?I wasn't in the mood to drink at that moment but it was nice to know that I could get an original Trader Vic's mai tai if I wanted one. Did I want to spend $14? By the way, I know what you are thinking ... why not just go to Trader Vic's at PH? Good idea, except that it has been years since Trader Vic's stopped using their original recipe for their mai tai.Just before dinner at BLT Burger I stopped in at Rhumbar and ordered a mai tai to go. Despite the fact that Rhumbar is directly across from BLT the bartender wouldn't let me have a glass. Sorry, but I'm not paying $14 for a drink in a plastic cup. Of course, I didn't say this but I sure was thinking it. The bartender must have read my mind because she said I could use a glass from BLT Burger. Uh, OK.So, how was the mai tai? Not bad, but certainly not worth $14. I would drink plenty of these at $6-7 each, but $14 makes even the resorts on the beach in hawaii look cheap. There was absolutely zero buzz obtained from this mai tai.A final thought ... I'm really down on drinking establishments that think putting an "attractive" woman in a "sexy" outfit behind the bar is cool. I'm talking about Rhumbar, and Fix, and Stack and others of that kind. I've yet to go to a place like this where the girls behind the bar are even remotely nice. A tip to the girls at Rhumbar - lighten up on the makeup. Another tip - those outfits you wear aren't even remotely sexy. And finally, would it kill you to smile?Improve the service and lower the prices and I think you might be on to something.
2	Our group was looking for a nice place to grab a drink but one person couldn't get into the Beetles Lounge and TaO so we decided to come here. It took 30 minutes to catch a place outside for our group. It was not too crowded inside. They were not that busy on the inside. This place is very small. Now for the drinks....We ordered Mojitons, Pina Colada, Banana Cream drink, Whisky drink and something else. The frozen drinks tasted worse than icee or slurpies. Then the mojitos were too minty and not sweet at all and could barely taste the rum. They checked my I.D like for 3 minutes and 2 times eventhough I'm 23! lol but the lady was really nice inside and another guy outside was good too.
5	Ok! First let me just say that this isn't for the ACTUAL rhumbar lounge just the slushy, yard long mixed drinks that are found right next to the main door of rhumbar (Its like a fat tuesdays)I love fat tuesdays. I swear by it but now that I've had rhumbar's slushies I am not questioning my loyalty to fat tuesdays.Here is why rhumbar is better than fat tuesdays:A) The alcohol IS NOT already in the mixed slushies. They poor the alcohol in your cup then add the slushie on top. Why is this better you may ask?    - you know how much alcohol you are getting    - you can mix the flavors better because it is all the same alcohol.. RUM! (At fat tuesdays you might be mixing light rum with dark rum with vodka..)     - not as crowded as fat tuesdaysB) It is overall cheaper! It was my friends birthday so I got her:-Cherry Bombs (2 cherries soaked in rum)-Sour mother puckers (a sour SOUR shot of alcohol)-Rum jello shots.    I ordered 2 orders of each so we can try them all out. $14 dollars of fun! Definitely worth it! I also got the mango with an extra shot. It can easily mess up two people.. (which it did ughghg)So if you are around Mirage stop by the main door of rhumbar to buy a slushi mmmm
5	So this past weekend we stayed at Mirage, our first night we went down stairs and noticed we were just way to tired to walk to Caesers for Fat Tuesdays. Instead, we tried Rhumbar's drink machines. This is a review on the outside drink bar, not the actual lounge.Me and my gf ordered the Strawberry Daiquiri mix, she asked for it extra strong and the lady actually poors the alcohol into the cup first. This is cool cause you actually know how much alcohol goes into the cup. This slushy actually tasted REALLY good! And it totally gave me a great buzz too. Reason why I'm going to say this place was much better was because the next day we went to Fat Tuesdays, all their drink machines were giving out cold drinks but not slushy! And they have the nerve to charge you regular price for it. Next time I'm in Vegas I'll stop by Rhumbar before Fat Tuesdays.
3	Again, just doing our best to stimulate the economy by dropping money on single malt scotches.  The piece of ass Fijian waitress didn't laugh too hard when I mispronounced Glenmorangie Quinta Ruban - the waitress, unlike the Ice Queen and the Invisible Woman at Stack, understands that a smile and a few kind words goes a long way in the industry.  My buddy got the mojitos, and for the second round I got a fourteen year old Oban - enough with the pedophillic jokes you are making up in your heads, you sick F's! It was a nice night to sit outside in the big chairs drinking scotch with the lava show going on behind us - it's very kitschy, but hey, look where you are.  Would I make this a definite stop again? Probably not.  Would I make that girl from Fiji my bride?  Absolutely!
4	I stopped here a few days ago after getting out of a meeting for work. I saw the big happy hour sign, something like $4.00 16 oz miller lite, $5.00 Sierra Nevada, and $5.00 Stoli mixed drinks, I had to stop in for one drink. I sat at the outdor patio which is lovely. Ther are several 3 and two seater couches and also single chairs, of course they are outdoor furniture, but beautiful and great quality. I found a spot near one of those big heater torch light things and waited for the waitress. I asked her recommendations on some great stoli drinks, she says she usually drinks hers with soda and lime, but said they have several fresh fruit juices. She mentioned grapefruit and stoli, a combo I have never had before, so I ordered that. The drink was a reasonable size for only being $5.00. I love how there are plenty of palm trees at the Mirage and since the Rhumbar patio is outside of course, there were plenty of trees which gave it a tropical feel. If it wasn't for me being able to see Treasure Island, I would have thought I was in a tropical environment. Well that and the lack of the tropical weather, but a nice place none the less please visit this location.
4	I came here with my not so secret lover on Valentine's Day for a Smooches & Smores. It was a cute alcoholic hot chocolate with roasted mini marshmallows, graham cracker, and chocolate lips. It was the perfect way to start off our V-night. Rhumbar has a nice patio with lots of heaters and a good view of the strip. You can even see the fire shooting into the air from the Treasure Island show. They also have Snuggies here...yeah...i know. There's some drink that comes with a Snuggie for you to wear. I didn't order it :P
4	One of my new favorite spots for a drink in Vegas. Love the location right at the entrance at Mirage. Makes it super convenient for access either from Caesars or Venetian without having to deal with the madness of walking through a casino. I'm a huge mojito fan and this bar makes a pretty strong but actually not as tasty as I would expect mojito. I actually prefer some of their other drinks here. Love the color scheme and relaxed vibe. I've been a few times and I'm sure I'll be back. Might need to try some of their slushee drinks instead of Fat Tuesdays next time.
4	Ordinarily a 3 star place but the fact that they stay open till after 2 AM and offer a great selection of cigars gets it the extra star!!!Located near the entrance to the Mirage from Caesar's Palace - Rhumbar is easy to find and has a large, spacious outdoor patio with comfortable lounge seating and heatlamps for the cool desert evenings.  You sit elevated above the main Strip and can people watch to your heart's content.The main bar area is quite small - elongated and set against the walkway that leads into the Mirage hotel.  At one end is the built-in humidor/cabinet housing an impressive selection of cigars.  Choices do not abound but the choices that are offered are quite exclusive (and of course, pricey!!!)  But there are a couple of economical choices too.Good selection of spirits, wines and beer.  Service is professional and friendly and the bartenders/waitresses are very helpful and knowledgeable about the drink concoctions and the cigars on offer.Did not try the food but I spent 3 different evenings here on my last business trip, winding down and smoking cigars with colleagues from across the world and found Rhumbar to be a perfect way to wind down from a long and hectic day and before heading to bed.~ 4 stars overall for a fun, reasonably priced place # 174
3	Went here for a cocktail after dinner. Drinks were excellent. One of the best mojito's I've had. Outdoor seating with a nice view of the strip is great.Service was less then great ... just very slow and not very attentive.Could be worth another try sometime.
3	We stopped here to get our Yard glasses for drinks.  Mind you this is the spot connected to Rhumbar Cocktails to avoid confusion.   They serve about 5 or 6 different flavored drinks.  Ridiculously priced at 17 a drink(that was for the tall yard glass...Others were cheaper, but not by much and more expensive) I believe you can add extra shots for 2-4 bux based on what extra shot you want.  We like getting the yard glasses so for the rest of the trip we can mix our own drinks and avoid refill charges.  ALTHOUGH, we probably wont be back because we found yards that are BIGGER at Walgreens for $10 a pop.  HELL YAH.  That's what im talking about!! Save 14 bucks right off the top and have more booze in your cup! ;)
5	Ok, so I recently stopped by Rhumbar on my way to see the Terry Fator show and it was happy hour, but only at the inside bar not the patio. Well I ordered a vodka grapefruit and sipped on that contently. I noticed several empty glasses on the bar which appeared to have been mojitos so i asked the bartender if there was a special going on for mojitos. He said no. So I thought, wow if he is selling this many and there is no special then they must be great. I ordered one for $12.00. I was not disappointed, they were excellent, I love watching the bartenders muddle the mint and the lime at the bottom of the glass before mixing the drink, the way they should be made of course. And I love that they actually put a sugar cane in the glass, again how they should be made. It was so good I had to order another. Then I realized I had to go line up for the show so I was unable to stay. Good thing because I probably would have ordered another and I really shouldn't have been spending that much money on drinks that day. Thanks to the excellent mojitos this place was bumped up to 5 stars.
4	If you are in Vegas but do not want to spend $50+ at a nightclub, I highly recommend hanging out at Rhumbar. This is a great outdoor lounge that is perfect for a low key and  low budget Vegas night, as well as a great place to start your night of debauchery. Everyone is seated at their own private outdoor booth with your own personal waitress. Hooka and cigars are available to purchase and smoke in the vicinity, and there is even a humidor where you can pick your own cigar. The outdoor area is big enough for to be comfortable sipping on your drink, or dancing the night away to a combination of live music and DJ. There is also an indoor bar and take away section of Rhumbar, perfect for daylight hours. Did I mention it's free to get in? The drinks are amazing and well mixed, these bartenders sure do know their liquor. I had the Pink Sugar, and concoction of Lebanese and sweet flavors, which was delicious and easy to take in, plus, the drink proceeds go towards a breast cancer charity. My boyfriend had the Zombie, which can be a hit or miss, but the bartenders gave it a nice twist. I will definitely come back and try other drinks, and maybe even try the Hooka.
4	Sipping on a watermelon splash- cuervo platino tequila, fresh cucumber, wtetmelon, lemon and the dry lightly herbal apertif aperol. Yummy! Paired w a cigar- not bad. With the spicy lover- even better. Comfy outside seating even though the music playlist is sorta lane though.
5	My Favorite place in Vegas to just kick back enjoy some nice drinks at decent prices. The service can be hit or miss sometimes but the waitresses are so gorgeous it's hard to get mad. :)
3	I was very skeptical that I would be able to get a good cocktail here given the club like ultra modern look, but I gave it a try anyways and the cocktails were surprisingly good. Kristen and Jason put together the bar program here. They did a respectable job able to manage volume and quality. While not the best cocktails in Vegas a solid job. My favorite here was the Bridget. I would rate it higher it ti weren't for the ambiance of the place.I would return.
5	My boyfriend and I went here because he really wanted to smoke a cigar and we saw the happy hour drink specials.  It was nice to be outside in the 110 degree heat but yet just feel like it's in the 80's because of the misters.  My boyfriend picked out a lower priced cigar and we order our $5 rum punches, even with that said we had a ball.  The music was nice the ambiance was great, the waitress was super helpful.  But our shining moment of the evening was the pineapple mojito..oh my lord, this is the best drink I've ever had!!  The bartender does this her own style and boy is it worth it.  It wasn't on the happy hour specials so didn't want to go over board but it was sooo worth it.  Would go back in a heartbeat especially for the mojito.  And would like to go back on a night when there was a dj, that just would add to the fun of it all.
5	Cigars and drinks. A cigar's lovers place to be in Las Vegas. If the folks don't enjoy the cigar smell; they might as well leave, The Rhumbar is geared towards Cigar folks, with a spice of modern Havana with a twist. They sell cigars, but very $$$ or you can bring you own A+. Drinks are good, can easily spend 100$; if your a drinker.
4	Fat Tuesday who?Cheryl Y and I came across this place last summer (wow..that was a long minute!) and have been fans of this place ever since. I know this place is also a lounge, but really, we come for the alcoholic slushy delights.It seems that every time we're there the same girl is behind the counter which is odd but kind of awesome. Like Fat Tuesday they have a variety of slushy mixes for your liver marinating pleasure. The difference is that the alcohol isn't premixed in it, but added when you order. My usual favorite is the Coral + Hurricane it's sweet but not overly so and has a little bit of tartness.Our go to used to be the giant beer bottle, but drinking that much liquid just makes you feel bloated. A more satisfying way to consume the alcohol would be to get the yard and then just coming back for a refill (which is a couple of bucks cheaper).
3	This is like a Slurpee stand for adults! I had the Hurricane Punch which was good and it wasn't too strong. It came in a Pilsner  cup which was about $12.00. A little pricey even though you can take home the plastic cup.
4	It's in VEGAS BABY! That's all. Haha just playing!  I guess you can say this place is like a modern Havana with a twist. For those who like cigars, this place is for you. This place is located inside the lovely Mirage Hotel and Casino. Once walking inside this place you can see that it's all white and the atmosphere is pretty groovy. The bartender was super nice and he explained the whole menu to me with a great grin and friendly attitude. All their mixed drinks are made with sugar cane or agave nectar. I got the agave strawberry margarita and it was pretty amazing! My sister had the caipirinha and her bf had a mojito.It was a bit pricey, but hey! When you are in Vegas, you are bound to spend a little more than expected. So, go ahead, enjoy life and have fun ;). Rhum Bar is a fun way to kick off the night!
5	I love this place!!! With a great location, and a relaxed but chic atmosphere Rhumbar is a fabulous place to grab a tasty cocktail with friends!
4	Wow! I love this place!!This place (esthetically) is like something straight out of a magazine shoot- Heavenly white, modern chic interior, so immaculately clean you could probably eat off the floor...well you get the picture.I could have spent hours here...Oh wait, I did...lol Yes, I spent some time indulging in some fabulously wonderful drinks and chatted with the exceptionally friendly bartender about all the wonderful things in life such as famous people, boyfriends...ectMy first drink was one of there signature cocktails called Berry bliss...It was a heavenly, refreshing concoction of blueberry and raspberry liquor along with fresh muttled berries, orange juice topped with two beautiful succulent berries on top. It was perfect for the hot Vegas weather.I also had a Lemon drop that was made to perfection! Sweet, tart and abundantly flavorful I also tried one of there signature Mojitos which was fab!!They also have an outside seating area overlooking the strip that is also is fab!! The drinks are quite pricey at $12 to $14.oo a drink but to me it was worth every extra indulgent dollar and my bartender "Ice" made my visit all the more enjoyable!!Gosh....I already miss Vegas!!!
5	Drinks at a typical Vegas club are anywhere from 10-14 bucks right? You order a regular cran vodka and it will blow you 12 bucks right out the bat. So why waste money on those drinks when you can buy drinks at Rhumbar ? The cocktails are deliciously prepared by a really great bartender who knows what they're doing. My 12-14 dollars were worth every savoring penny. I suggest go inside to the bar and order there.-Strawberry Caipirinha..like a mojito with a strawberry's kiss-Spicy lover...tasty and spicy!-Citrus cooler...my absolute favorite...i love Mojitos and this was like one yet a little more citrusy..omg yummmmmmmWe had more but I don't remember..all I know is that every drink I tasted or swallowed til the last drop was deelish. I'm glad I got to actually drink and savor my alcohol. Oh and I love that there is no cover to get in thank gawd....
3	Rhumbar is not too bad.  Great view of the strip with comp seating.  Drinks are well made, especially mojitos.  Don't forget to get a drink to go!  They have a "to-go" line inside the casino featuring yards of beer and mixed frozen beverages.
3	Typically these days the salsa intake is through digestion, but I've been curious about new ads for Mirage's latest flashy Spanish themed bar. Mirage's face lift in general was quiet pleasant I must say, a mix of new restaurants and lush greenery lead the way to the outdoor sassy-salsa-lounge. If you ignore the sterile, cold bar you must bypass in order to reach the exterior Rumbar portion of the place, the cool fall breeze is there to greet you accompanied by pop inspired salsa tunes. With very enthusiastic dancers swinging, and shaking, my first impression was "fun". Very sexy lay out, in a groovy part of the Mirage with sneak peaks of the infamous LVBLVD through the trees, you almost, forget where you are (almost).The drinks are your traditional overpriced, weak pour well drinks, staff completely equipped with their annoyed by the drunk tourists attitudes, yet pleasant once they realize your a local. Dance floor is tiny which is my main gripe and I'm convinced they hired off season show girls to twirl the night away. I know they need eye candy to keep everyone in the spirit, but come on club boss's, you're not really fooling anyone, ha!Would I embark on another evening at Rumbar? Sure, why not, the weather couldn't be better for outdoor entertainment and the Spanish culture which SHOULD be flourishing here in Southern Nevada, is quite sparse, so I enjoy it when I can get it.
3	Pros: Pretty good Reggae band was playing when we were hereCons: Older crowdAfter Kristin C. and I checked into our room at the Mirage, we were looking for something to do.  Luckily, Rhumbar was just downstairs.The bar isn't that big.  There's an inside bar with some ultra chic decor and then a lounge outside.  The big draw is on Thursday's they have a reggae band playing.  The band that played the night we were there was Haleamona and they were pretty good.  Unfortunately, the crowd wasn't too into them, but I ended up buying a CD cuz they're were pretty awesome.Anyway, the only downside is the crowd is a little older (i.e. vegas tourists), so it's pretty dead even during "Reggae night".  The drinks aren't too bad.  I bought a couple crown and cokes for $9 bucks.Rhumbar is a good place to "pre-party", but you shouldn't make it the main event.
5	This place was a lot of fun. If you enjoy your rum, then this is the place for you. The drinks here are very much worth every penny. If you want something basic and delicious have the Rhumb Punch, it's delicious and not too expensive. In general the drinks there are awesome!
2	After waiting for 20 minutes while the Manager (I assume) walked around without helping anyone, we were finally asked if we wanted something from the humidor.  We chose, and went to bar to get drinks.  This took another 15 at least.  The girl bartending had no clue what she was doing.  2 other customers at bar.  pretty shameful display.Got a cigar and beer combo as advertised to make it easy.   There were 6 of us, 3 with cigars.Went outside to smoke.  Nice atmosphere.  Sports on.  Lots of fun.  Beer and cigars in Vegas.  No complaints here.Went by later at night, super loud house music, younger crowd...turned into a place I would NEVER want to smoke a cigar in.Mixed review.  Worse than bad service, dry overpriced cigar.  Cool daytime atmoshphere, comfortable.  I expect the cigar to cost too much so that is a warning, more than a criticism.
4	Come here and get The Old Cuban! This drink will not disappoint. It is an amazing combo of Flor de Cana rum and Moet champagne. Delicious without being overly sweet. Nice service and nice outdoor seating under the lamps.
3	This place has a nice environment going for them as it's more relaxed and less crowded than most places on the Vegas strip however the service is ridiculously slow on a non-busy night.  We sat outdoors and they had those lamps with heaters going on while a Reggae band played so that was nice. They also serve hookah and have some reasonably priced drinks (I ordered one for $5 that packed a punch) but for my boyfriend to get a glass of wine it took about 25 minutes. If this place could work on their service it could easily make people spend a whole lot of money quicker. Instead we left after one drink and wasted our money elsewhere since I didn't want to wait another 25+ minutes for a drink.
4	An awesome place and atmosphere with a great staff.  The Spanish Trampoline is awesome.  Sit outside instead of inside at the bar.
4	This is a great spot for people watching. Why you ask??? We'll it's sort of like a bar with a club in disguise but since it's not exactly a club there's no cover charge, no particular dress code and well, no standards. This makes for a rather interesting crowd. The outside patio is really nice with lots comfy chairs and heat lamps. They have a smallish dance floor and an average DJ. This is a good spot to wind up the night or if you want a place to chill outside and dance without being too clubby.
4	Great location, right on the strip. The mojito actually had real cane sugar. Good music and relaxing lounge environment. However, the service was definitely a downer. The waitress seemed like Simone was forcing her to work here.
5	We were staying at the Mirage and looking for a place to watch the NFL playoffs. At first glance the interior part looked to "nightime" for football. But, then we saw the fab outdoor patio. The atmosphere was great with a few quality TVS. The drinks and small food selection were affordable and tasted great. Later that night we saw a live band, and it looked like a great place to check out after dark.. Highly recommend!
4	My girl friend and I got a wristband good for free drinks here!  Naturally, I loved this place!!!We were walking into the Mirage, on our way to the nightclub JET, and a nice gentleman offered us these wristbands.  We've never heard of this place before, so we wandered in cautiously.  Turns out, this was an awesome place to start pre-partying before you hit the big clubs later on in the night!  It's a small bar with a modern decor and cute outdoor seating space with heat lamps.  There is also a DJ with a small dancefloor.  The bartenders were really sweet and made us a delicious cocktail (I don't remember what it was called, but it was yummy!).  It's a cute place to chill before you go crazy!
4	I went with my friend during the day and we couldn't have had the most relaxing time, even though it was 100 degrees. The atmosphere was excellent, the drinks not to expensive and very yummy. I recommend this place also their Scorpion Bowl.
3	So a guy on the sidewalk hands us wristbands for 2 free drinks at Rhumbar. (Can I just say I'm SO glad it wasn't one of those naked sex dancer cards?)  And when we posted up at the bar we found out our wristbands entitled us to two glasses of the weakest free rum punch EVER! The place has a very cool vibe and ultra-modern decor though. Its white-on-white look with steel accents give it a very South Beach feel. And if you get tired of that, you can always go out front to the patio (where they have the giant heat lamps on full blast on chilly February nights.) Nice!!!The liquor focus is (of course) rum and there's plenty of it on display. And other top shelf pours are also available. (There was just so little rum or any other alcohol in my drink. I know, I know, you get what you pay for ... Or you can't get something for nothing ... Or nothing from nothing leaves nothing. But dang!)I'd return to Rhumbar for a real drink one of these days. It was a-ok with me.
4	I loved the outdoor patio!  very fun theme of this place (drinks and cigars).  Sadly my frozen daiquiris were pretty weak but this was a nice place to just relax after a long day.
3	I think "hit or miss" is the perfect way to describe this spot. The cocktails, the bartenders, the servers, the crowd, and the whole overall vibe can be hit or miss. On a good day it's almost 5 stars, but it has 2 star days too.Some cocktails are excellent, some are bleh. Some are excellent purely depending on the bartender. And even the best cocktail here is still overpriced.But I keep coming back here, especially when the temp starts to creep on 80 and higher. On a hot afternoon out on the Strip, this is a good place to sit and relax while sipping on a cocktail. And with both a small, sleek indoor area (sit and face the glass wall for prime people-watching as the crowds walk in and out of the Mirage) and large, wicker furniture outdoor area, you can opt to sit in the a/c or soak up the sun.And this place is just plain convenient as it is easily accessed from the Strip (no meandering around the casino trying to find what nook they crammed it into), making it a great pit-stop or meet-up spot.
4	I spent almost all of 2010 making trips to Las Vegas for work. Occasionally I would decide to experience "fun Vegas" and each of those nights included a stop at Rhumbar. Occasionally I would sit and enjoy the live music of the lounge but many times I would stop at the "to go" stand and grab a Hurricane with an extra shot in the awesome Pilsner souvenir glasses. The bartenders are always super friendly and the atmosphere is great!
5	Good Drinks...I was in Vegas for one hour and was drunk the next.  Make sure the girl with the long curly hair is there.  She will hook u up...
3	My sister and I had an hour to kill before dinner, so we stopped here for a drink. We had spotted the outdoor lounge on our way into the Mirage, and it looked really cute.It was A-OK. The waitress was initially unfriendly, warming to neutral by the time we left. I tried the Spanish Trampoline, which I wasn't a big fan of. It was just thick and odd--something was off about it. However, the atmosphere is really cool. A great little lounge spot.
4	Nice place, great outdoor space! Sat outside in the sun & had a FEW too many Rum Punches....but thats just a part of the experience, right? The staff wasn't overly friendly, but the drinks were decently priced & it had a great atmosphere. Went again at night & they had a DJ which was pretty cool. I would go again next time I am in Vegas.....but maybe a few less Rum Punches ;)
1	Two visits here this week.  The first time "Miss Sunshine" (insert sarcasm font), waited on us.  Drinks were fine, too bad she couldn't smile.Next visit there were about 300 people both inside and out and 1 bartender.  You basically couldn't get a drink. Pretty unbelievable!
5	Okay, so this is getting five stars because I base it off of how it compares to the other places on the strip that are like it (i.e. Numb, Coyote Ugly exterior, etc.) and Rhumbar wins by a landslide.They put a grip of alcohol in first, then add in the slush of choice, followed by added shots if you want.  There is so much alcohol jam packed into those cups that you're going to be feeling good for an hour or two just based on your girly drink.The drinks are not inexpensive but rather on par with the others of its kinda; I would go out of my way for Rhumbar though because you'll get more bang for your buck, and the bartenders are much nicer than at the other places.Enjoy!
4	Awesome place to hang outside, enjoy a cocktail and a smoke, and listen to some tunes. The guy that serves the hookahs is really cool, too. The wicker sofas are pretty comfy, and their signature mojita is an excellent cocktail, as is their latin manhattan, and pina colada.  I wouldn't recommend the inside portion, as it doesn't even feel like a bar ... It is bright, narrow and looks more like a sushi bar, than a cocktail lounge.When the weather is nice, the patio at Rhumbar is one of my favorite places to chill and people watch on the Strip.  AAA+++
3	What Rhumbar has is a great location and a rare outside drinking/chilling place on the strip. The waitresses are fairly attentive and it is a good overall place to have a drink and lounge. The drinks are very solid and unique. I had a Zombie and a Spanish Trampoline. The only negatives are the high prices and the coupons they give you to draw you in get you pretty much nothing. If a girl has a wristband they handout you get a free drinks and guys get 2 for 1 well drink that you have to order from bar.
5	Great outdoor atmosphere on the strip!!! The drinks were awesome and good music, live DJ. Definitely hittin this place every Vegas trip!!!
4	Great bartenders. Ask for "ICE" she is the best. They also have a nice selection of ultra premium cigars. A must stop, especially for the happy hour $5 rum punch.
5	HURRICANE PUNCH!!! Grabbed one on my way out the door of Mirage and was sad I didnt get a full yard.
4	RHUMBAR! Drinky drinky drinky!I'm so glad I found this new spot on my last visit to Vegas. I love the sitting area outside and it's a perfect spot to do some people watching. Their drinks are tasty and they just kept coming. Servers were warm and talkative which is a plus. We'll definitely be back!
4	One of my favorite bars on the strip.  I enjoy baking in the heat while sipping a mojito and listening to calm island sounds.  I always have intentions of watching the sun go down and the lights come on but I am always so relaxed and chatty that I can't seem to remember to pay attention.  Tip: Purchase one of their cigars and get the royal treatment; cut, fire, and use of a pretty pimpy ashtray.
5	I finally was able to try this place, and it is so fun! I went twice, once I sat inside, and then next time sat outside- which was wonderful as well,  and it is a perfect spot for people watching. Their drinks are tasty and have a great selection for trying something new. The bartenders and servers were warm and talkative which is a plus. I'll be back!
5	Can we give this place 10 stars? Seriously. The Rhumpunch is absolutely amazing. We come for Happy Hour every time we're here and they're always spot-on. Friendly bartenders and excellent drinks. See this place in a couple weeks!
3	Not an overwhelming selection on rum. Lots of cigar smokers and a cool reagae band.
5	It was so nice just to chill on the outside patio and relax! Service was amazing, and the drink prices were reasonable. I will for sure be going back to this spot next time I'm in Vegas. We just sat outside drinking and looked out onto the strip and just enjoyed. They also had a DJ which was pretty good and gave it that club experience as well. We spent a good 4 hours just relaxing and talking, it was awesome.
4	This is a nice chill kick it spot to lounge at while in Vegas.  Say after walking the strip for some time and you want to just sit outdoors under the misters and chat with friends, this is the place to be.  Indoor and outdoor seating, nicely furnished and super comfy.  I was laying outside on one of the seats and totally passed out for a second.  The bartenders are really friendly and attentive, which is always a plus.  I ordered the pineapple/strawberry daiquiri, and it tasted as if it came from Fat Tuesday, so nothing special.  I thought they were gonna specially make my drink, but they said it just comes from a machine.  BOO!  Minus one star for this reason.  Otherwise, cool chill spot!
5	Looking for a cool, hip spot to chillax at with your girl or just some friends ? Dnt look any further !!! From the music, to the decor of the place, there was nothing for me to complain about. Plus the "buy 1, get 1" they offer daily is unbeatable !! Pretty fair price on the drinks that are not on the happy hour menu.. Did I say that the place was nicely furnished ? Watch out for the waitresses... Their dresses are more than revealing :) Can't complain ! Went back 4 times before I left !!
4	i've never actually been inside the bar itself but i go to their margarita bar.  it's basically like fat tuesday but a little more expensive and of course different flavors.  i got the strawberry/pineapple flavor with an extra shot and DAMN THAT DID THE JOB! i usually go to fat tuesday and end up getting a refill here at the rhumbar and they do charge you the REFILL price even though it's not their cup or anything so that's cool. but i'm pretty sure that's the same thing for most places.
4	This is one classy place. The ambiance is cool... all decked out in white. The bartender was super friendly and there are some pretty neat, albeit weird, seating area near the windows. Rhumbar is located at an entrance into Mirage, so it gives you sort of an animal in a zoo feeling with all the people outside looking at you. I had a pretty solid white sangria though! I'd be back.
4	So, I am not into hookahs and we didn't even think about smoking.  That said, we were talked into trying King Ink at my friend's hen night (total fail) and needed to regroup and get back in a good place.  I had seen Rhumbar earlier in the day and it looked so pretty.  I led the gals here and we told the bartender that we were entrusting him to save our night.  No pressure!  He made us a round of delicious cocktails with muddled berries and we hit the patio.  Great DJ.  Fun folks.  Beautiful space.  Not cheeseball.  The bride-to-be was in the mood for something less fruity, so I went back to our new bartender friend and described some things she likes and let him do his thing.  He came up with the perfect cocktail for her.  I love bartenders like him!  My only complaint is that they closed so early.  We would have stayed here a lot longer, if we could have.  It was by far one of our favorite bar/lounges on the Strip.
4	Last place we went to before we had to check out next morning. What a cool place to hang out at. Outside, my fiance had his cigar. I fell in love with their blackberry drink. Too good. The dj (forgot her name, but apparently spins on Monday nights) was awesome. She brought different music genres from all different decades to the place. Loved her. One star deducted, because of the server service. We had to flag ours down for another round & for the check. I had to walk up to someone to ask for an ash tray :(
2	I would've said 5 stars but after my last trip there, it lost the luster. I really liked this place the first 4 or 5 times I went. good service, hookah, whiskey and scotch selection on point, and never really too crowded. But this last time it was not up to par. Waited an hour to get a table, and when we tried to get a hookah they told me they were all out. I counted 9 hookahs out in the patio. SMH Probably won't be back.
2	This place is like Jekyll & Hyde.  The drinks were good and the environment is good.  The outdoor seating area is large, and has a few televisions.  It seemed like a great place to watch a football game on a Saturday afternoon.There were five seating areas outside that had televisions.  Only one was taken so we were off to a good start.  The first television we sat down in front of we were informed was broken.  After 15 minutes at the second one they came to the conclusion it could not be tuned to the correct channel, ESPN.At the third we were able to get the game on.  We brought over food from BLT ordered some drinks and got comfortable for some football.  That is when the new issue started.  The bar back operating the televisions did not know how to operate their system.  Everytime he went to change the channel on one of the other television who changed the channel on our game.  This happened over a half dozen times.  We even missed a late fourth quarter touchdown.Still a good place for drinks, but we now know not football games.
3	I think I prefer Fat Tuesday. The drinks weren't strong, the "cola" flavored drink tasted like flat RC cola, and it was pricey. Three stars just because the server was sweet. One star for the drink and price and five stars for the server equals three.
4	Any trip to Vegas for me always includes a stop or two at Rhumbar.  I usually like to start my night out on the town with a drink from Rhumbar (not that I haven't been drinking all day by that point!).  I love the laid back atmosphere.  The outdoor patio is a fantastic spot to just kick back, relax with friends, smoke a cigar or hookah, and enjoy a rum-based cocktail.  I'm quite the rum fan and they have a pretty extensive rum selection.  Generally just order it on the rocks with a splash of coke.  The Zaya is one of my fav's.They usually have a DJ after 10, and they are generally pretty good.  Not a place I come to jam out to music though.  If you are walking by the Mirage, definitely make a pit stop in for a drink and a little break from the chaos known as Vegas!
4	The Rhumbar looks way cheesy as you walk into the bar just inside the entrance into the Mirage.  The actual indoor bar is quite small and a bit Miami-garish.  However, most of the seating is outside on the patio in a comfortable setting.  With a name like "Rhumbar", you'd expect overpriced, uninspired rum drinks served by aloof cocktail waitresses.  Cuba Libre, anyone?  How about a Pina Colada?  Looks can be deceiving and expectations can be off the mark.  True...Rhumbar does specialize in rum-based cocktails, but they were unexpectedly original and good.  Props to Rhumbar for their very good Latin Manhattan ($12), a take on a Manhattan with Cruzan Single Barrel Rum, falernum liqueur, lime, bitters, spices and a ginger beer.  Also, the Spicy Lover ($12), a Cuervo Platino tequila based cocktail with cucumber, cilantro, lime juice, agave nectar and a dash of Tabasco that offered a tasty sweet/spicy contrast.  Both drinks were reasonably priced considering their quality and the fact that we were at a bar at a casino on the Strip.  Jaclyn, our very lovely and capable server, was certainly not aloof and did a solid job taking care of our group.  The only downside to Rhumbar was their use of heat lamps over tables.  It was only in the low 60s and they were cranking up the heat lamps!  Our party was getting roasted alive.  I think I got a 2nd degree burn on my scalp.  Thankfully, I had a good drink in my hand to keep me cool.  3.5 stars...rounding up to 4.
5	I loveeee the Rhumbar!!!located in the Mirage, I was staring at the pilsner cup thinking "I need to take one home!" So I stopped to look at their menu and their flavored slush. You get a choice of slush and alcohol. They had a good variety! for $12 in the pilsner I ended up getting a pink lemonade with Vodka. That was my happiness in a cup ALL DAY. (I'm really not alcoholic but I do love my diva drinks) I know they put in 2 shots of alcohol and then fill it up with slush but if you want you can request for additional shots after all after drinking one whole of that however much shots you put in there ends up just tasting like juice. They offer a lot more different sizes of cups that you can keep. I also did notice that they sell Jello shots! You're pretty much paying $12 to keep the cup. For refills was $9.
5	We said that we would make it back here again, but we never did. So I will just have to carry on the memory of that first amazing drink. Our bartender was awesome, cute, and made us delicious but not overly-fruity cocktails with different flavored vodkas and a little extra magical goodness. Next time I'm in Vegas, I'm coming straigh to Rhumbar to get my (well-made) drink on.
4	Decent Lounge area.  Went to Vegas for New Years and was still around on Monday.  Free seating made this a great place to just chill out and watch the crowd.  There were some BCS games on and the people walking back and forth served for great entertainment.Heatlamps did there job too since this time of the year is quite chilly.The drinks are pricey, $40 dollar pitchers which come out to about 4 cup fulls do their job.  If we had to pay a cover then Rhumbar would easily lose a star.  The waitress pours your drinks for you so you feel that your tipping is well deserved--but to be frank and honest, I rather pour myself and save the money for more booze.The decor at the bar is great, large glass doors and white scenery really makes it feel classy.  Like anything in Vegas, the crowd has a lot to do w/ everything, on a day like the day I went, the crowd was ultra chill.  I feel like I'm getting old... I'm more likely to give a buffet a 5 star rating than I am a lounge, HAHA, sad....
4	Sunday night in vegas... just wanted to chill. We came to the lounge area...there was great music being played and i loved watching people make their own dance floor. It was quite fun. We didn't order any drinks since we had just bought a fat tuesday drink. We did order the unlimited hookah for $65. Not too bad at all. We did three flavors, awesome time. Great place to just have a chill night. If you wanted to dance...just dance. Love that that the heaters kept us warm. I really have nothing to complain about this place. I'd go back and stay there all night. -Give it a try!
3	I want to give this place 5 stars, since I've recommended it to all sorts of people.  But that was based upon an early experience I've simply not been able to replicate.You see, when you say 'Rhumbar' to me, I hear Caribbean Rum Bar.  The first time I saw this place it was new.  Semi-empty.  Afternoon on a warmer Nevada day.  Smartly selected music (like Stephen Marley's 'Mind Control' and a latin cover of a U2 song) was carefully piped in... but not in a way that upstaged my Cruzan Rum inspired drink.(Let me back up.  Any 'rum' place which won't serve Cruzan Rum, in my opinion, isn't a rum place at all.  Bacardi?  Bring Advil.  Cruzan Rum?  Leave the weed behind.)And so the first time I was here I had an delightful drink with fresh fruit in it.  Overpriced?  In the real world, kinda, on the strip, not at all.  It was a groovy place 'to chill' as the kids say and you could simply hang for hours if you wanted.  Understand you're outside in the Mirage palms and waterfalls and such.  It's simply lovely.And so I've tried to come back to this place ever since this experience.  And some idiot has given it a semi-clubby make over.  LOUD DJ.  KAREOKE.  SPORTS BAR BIG TVS.  WTF, Rhumbar?  Mirage:  you now have two DEAFENING DANCE CLUBS on premise.  That INK thing and now 1 OAK.  Let the bouncer boys and half naked girls 'chill' in those subwoofered strobe holes.  But please... PLEASE... let the 'rest of us' have a place to hang out with only moderate mayhem?That's why I've giving the Rhumbar 3 stars.  It's identity crisis is inexplicable.  If Mirage really wants people to see a big party outside (which may be a smart move) then do this for me.  At night, when the pool closes, re-open it as 'The Japonais Lounge', with new lounge chairs and hanging lamps.  A place to have a drink and retain your ear drums.  I'd love it if you had to be over 40 to get in -- hee hee.
4	Awesome bar outside of the Mirage Hotel & CasinoWe were enticed by the buy one drink get another free couponsNice, comfy seating and above the seat heating keeps you warm on chilly afternoon/eveningsGood place to have a couple of drinks with your sweetheart or business associates. BTW, they have $5 Happy Hour specials
5	Surprisingly fun! Been here 3 times and it has been non stop drinking dancing and fun!!!
5	I've only ever traveled to Las Vegas on business, so when I get some down-time it's important to maximize the (rare) opportunity to relax.  Rhumbar is my go-to spot.  The patio area is especially nice, and manages to feel at once both isolated from the hustle-and-bustle of the Strip and also connected with the Vegas scene.  It features heat lamps to keep you toasty in cooler weather.I've never had a bad cocktail at Rhumbar, and I've had a lot of cocktails here.  They make a mean mojito, zombie, and even a tasty white russian if you're so inclined.  Of course you have to pair these with a fine cigar, and Rhumbar has a good selection of premium smokes.  They've got hookas too, if you're into that.My coworkers and I always make this our first destination to unwind after business is done at the week's end.  When you've had your fill of business, gambling or debauchery, there's no better place to relax than at Rhumbar.
2	How a place can change in two years! Two years ago we had so much fun at Rhumbar we planned a return experience. This time - not so much. We arrived immediately after the first showing of Cirque de Soleil - LOVE let out. We were to meet friends at Rhumbar and start our evening out on the town. The hostess wasn't the nicest, especially when I asked to sit in a different area than she wanted to seat me. Then when the server came over to take our drink order, she let us know there was a $24 minimum - ah, fine, do we look like we can't afford $24? Why did she have a need to tell us this fact? My husband was smoking a cigar and enjoying the view as we ordered our drinks. Our friends arrived and the DJ started spinning SO LOUD we couldn't even talk to each other! Also, the DJ wasn't all that. We ended up closing our tab and leaving much quicker than we planned because it was just too loud. Unfortunately, we could not get our server's attention to close out the bill - and I had to get up and find her and tell her so. Horrible service. GONG.
4	In response to some of the reviews....Rhumbar is nor a club it is a lounge. If u are looking for a larger dance floor there are a million clubs for that. It is also NOT a sports bar. If u are looking to watch a game.go to Espn. Or watch it on one of the Tv s at any casino bar.
4	Rhumbar we really had a good thing going and my only regret with you is not coming back and getting the discount refill on my Yard long glass....with a strawberry/pineapple/mango margarita of coarse. I cheated on your with other bars and this place was definitely cheaper than some of the other Margarita places on the strip (such as Margarita bar in front of Treasure Island and Kahuna) and they have great deals on refills!
5	Just outside of the Rhumbar is a drink station where you can get a variety of drinks without having to go into the main part of the bar.  This station was my place of choice to get drinks all weekend while I was recently on vacation in Las Vegas.I have an unusual affinity for Pina Coladas, and that was my go to drink every time I visited the Rhumbar.  I bought a 'Yardstick' on my first visit for about $17, and came back several times to get refills for $12.  I would also add an extra shot to my drink each time, which was $2 for the cheap stuff.  My drinks were strong, yet tasty.  When I stopped at a different drink spot to get a Pina Colada, it was not nearly as strong or as good as Rhumbar's.  The woman that worked at Rhumbar was also very friendly each time that I came by. If you are in the vicinity of the Mirage, and would like to get a quick drink to go, I highly recommend the drink station at the Rhumbar!
4	Great outdoor bar if you like smoking cigars.  Service is good and drinks are strong!  Large outdoor seating.
4	Went around 10pm on the weekend with a group of 8.  The service was actually great.  The staff seated us on the outdoor lounge as quickly as they could, and went out of their way to gather and arrange furniture to accommodate our group.  Not the typical 'we are too cool for life itself, and could care less if you are paying to come here' attitude we'd come to expect from staff at some of the other trendy bars.Setting was great - awesome view of the strip at night from the patio; you could talk or dance, depending on your group.  Better view and setting than Tao Beach or a much more expensive club, and much better atmosphere.No cover, at least when we were there.  Boutique cocktails made with fresh ingredients - I got a pineapple chipotle margarita - which was decent but the splash of actual tabasco sounded more innovative than it actually tasted.  Reasonable at around $12.  I'd recommend trying one of their specialties.Not a very large selection of cigars like we'd expected, but they did have them available, and it was nice to smoke them outdoors.  DJ playing club music from his computer and got some bachelorettes dancing - it would probably be a good place to go with a group like that for the lounge atmosphere without having to buy table service.
4	I've always wanted to try a hookah lounge so I was thrilled to try this place. This bar is crackin! It's kinda funny how they have an area solely for "to go" drinks. Kinda reminds me of curbside service. The main bar/lounge is definitely worth spending some time at tho. It's nestled between the casino floor of the Mirage and expands out to the strip. The outdoor area is like having table service but taken down a few notches. It's definitely more casual yet very chic.We got a hookah with watermelon and tangerine flavor. It was quite tasty. Drinks were pretty strong too. The only reason it's not 5 stars is because it closes too early. They also stop taking hookah orders around 12. Also, no bathrooms, gotta walk in the casino, down the hall, and hook a left at the sports book. If they extended the hours, it would be a new fav.Overall, great atmosphere with good music, nice bartenders and other staff.
5	Every time I go to Vegas, I visit Rhumbar.  It's the perfect respite for the cigar smoker.  It's outdoors, right at an entrance to the Mirage.  When it's hot out, they turn on the misters and you're instantly comfortable.  They've always got a game on the T.V.s and sometimes a D.J.Their cigar selection sucks and it's over-priced.  But you are more than welcome to bring your own cigars.  The drinks are nothing special.  They're just pricey Mojitos and Pina Coladas.  They can accommodate large groups or a couple.  No hassle getting in; no cover.
4	I always forget about Rhumbar until someone is staying at the Mirage. It is a very cool spot- low key enough that you don't have to wait in line, no cover, no worry about bottle service, or all of the nightclub headaches, but still has a fun vibe with the outdoor seating, couches, a DJ and dancing.  I've tried a few of their specialty drinks, and I'm always slightly disappointed. I keep feeling as if one day I'm going to pick the right one, but it hasn't happened yet.  They are either too strong, too weak, or just taste slightly "off."  Oh well.Usually, it is easy enough to find a table/couch area, and the servers are pretty friendly. I haven't sampled the hookah, but from what I've heard, that's pretty good too.
4	Like this bar a lot...at least the outdoor space.  Cool, calm space under palm trees and funky decor.  The area is right off the strip but for some reason seems to block out all the noise from outside.  They have some flat screen TV's, heat lamps for the winter and nice couches.  I  love their dirty vodka martini.  Only $27 for TWO kettle martinis.  That is super cheap to me, but maybe because I am from NYC.   They offer hookah, but I didn't try any.   ONLY DOWNSIDE is that they don't offer food.  A great pre or post dinner spot though.
4	Great outdoor bar at The Mirage. We hungout here twice during our recent trip to Vegas. Great music, great drinks & great service. Need I say more? :)
5	Was in Caesars Palace buying a cigar. Not really a cigar smoker but I was like hey, Im in Vegas, might as well try something new. The guy that sold me the cigar told me that there is a place called Rhumbar at the Mirage entrance that I can relax and smoke the cigar. So we decided to check it out. Was such a relaxing place that we went back the next day to try the Hookah. All around this was a great experience and enjoyed the atmosphere with the DJ and the comfortable seats. Will definitely visit the Rhumbar again
5	Great, relaxed environment. Cigar friendly place with a nice view of the strip and great tasting drinks. This is on my list every time I'm in Vegas.
4	Yummy Rummies...If you are visiting around or staying at the Mirage in Vegas, stop by Rhumbar for a drink.Good experience.  The bartender was quite nice and put on a show flipping and twirling the bottles while making our drinks. They have a quality selection of Rum to choose from. The wife had the Latin Manhattan and I had the Old Cuban.  The Latin Manhattan had more flavor to it.  Both were excellent.
3	Cool concept for the summer time. Outdoor bar that sprays mist in the scorching sun. Why not?Service was a bit slow, but they sure don't skimp out on the alcohol. Prices are very fair as well. They have the option to hookah too! Good place to come with a group of friends.Music is a bit too loud in my opinion. Was hard to talk to the love :(They have an indoor area as well.. but not that big. I wonder how this place does during the off season. Guess I'll have to see for myself!
5	Great location, great atmosphere, relaxing and the drinks are strong and tasty.The couches and lounge areas are comfortable that me and a few of my friends, during our vaca downtime ( it was a tuesday afternoon), we sat there for almost 4 hours drinking and chatting it up.Even when one drink was kind of suspect because it had weird hard things floating in it, the waitress was really apologetic and they got my friend a new drink asap.Music was good, service was excellent, and the drink were strong. All that, over looking the beautiful sky and some Vegas strip landmarks.  Can't go wrong in my book.
4	Hooray for yummie cocktails!Outside seating, live DJ, Hookah smoking, and TV's for football watching to boot!Amen
4	Rhumbar is a good place to go and get a drink (Get a big one! They are expensive, but they are refillable and you get a discount on the refill!), and lounge outside on a nice night. They have about 5 different flavors of frozen drinks to choose from, and 5 different glass sizes/shapes. The drinks are STRONG, so you do get your money's worth.Outside there are flat screen TV's, heat lamps, nice couches and chairs to lounge on, a few bars, waitresses to wait on you, and hookah! You also have a decent view of Treasure Island's show at night. It's a good place to come and chill.
4	This place has a great atmosphere and has great rum drinks.  Our group got flavored hookahs to smoke which were really relaxing.  When I go back to Vegas, I'll be sure to stop here again!
4	Great place to lounge around outside and listen to music.  Drinks are, of course, expensive, but worth it for the atmosphere.
5	Can I go back? Not for your strong drinks and 2 for 1 coors lights?  Not for the awesome DJ?  But for the fact you allow Hookah on the strip, dancing under the moonlight, no cover, no lines. None of the clubbing hoopla. The service was off the charts. It was literally an amazing experience the last few times I have been here. Still, I will do it again!  Get a big group of friends together.  Party your  til your eyes bleed and liver drops out of your body. Cheers!
5	Ah, the Rhumbar! My number one bar that can never fail me! Outside of the chandelier bar, this place is awesome! Prices on drinks are good, you can use your M life card to get points, the bartenders are friendly, and where else can you get a great tasting White peach sangria or a michelada on the strip?!The outside patio faces towards the strip and has a DJ spinning on most nights. I would not rate him the best but he gets the people up and dancing! Their patio furniture is modern and comfortable and they just installed plasma TV's and heaters. I can tell you first hand people watching is a must if you sit outside. We have pretty much seen almost everything from classy call girls with older men, drunk out of their mind cougars, and how can we forget the handsome gay guy who had a little too much to drink at a wedding and was dancing with any guy who walked past him. Sadly he left without any arm candy to take with him wherever he went!Make sure to bring your ID they now have a friendly but big security guard at the entrance!
3	This is only for the outdoor bar.  Came here a while back with a group of 4 people.  Walked out there and realized the music was entirely too loud, but I chalked it up to the fact that I was still sober, and we were so tired of walking that none of us even dreamed of going anywhere else.  We were able to get pretty decently priced pitchers of margaritas and 2 out of the 4 wanted hookah.  It seemed a little annoying that that part was cash only but they seemed to enjoy it nonetheless.  We just kept thinking the entire time that the music was way too freaking loud but we thought it must have been because we were out all day and tired and this just wasn't the type of place we wanted to stumble into.  I did like the set up and the light-up cube tables were fun as it got dark out lol.One kind of annoying thing was that there were televisions all around and we asked to watch a certain game on one of them.  All the tv's were on a different channel.  We asked a waitress and a host and both told us that channels couldn't be changed.  Then we noticed a tv close to our table was changed to show a replay of another game.  Really?  you can't change the channels?  And when you do it's to show a replay of a game no one seemed remotely interested in?  The pitchers were a decent deal on the strip but don't think I'd go out of my way to go back.
5	this place was awesome they have a 65 dollar unlimited hookah OMG its the best we tried every single flavor they had, the rooftop party is the best, this place is def a must whenever im in vegas
5	Great location. Outside with heat lamps all around. Good music as well as sports on Tv's placed around every angle. Oh and they have hookah!
4	I am writing this review because February 22nd is national margarita day and Rhumbar is going to be offering 2 for 1 of its pineapple chipotle margarita and let me tell you they are HELLA good, so this is a tremendous deal.I like to come here in the spring when it's not too hot yet and chill out on their patio, which is awesome. It sits right above the Strip with views of the Mirage's volcano. But since it is surrounded by trees and bushes, the patio is nice and refreshing plus it makes it feel secluded. My only complaint is that since it's a cigar bar, people are outside smoking. To me the smell is gross. But on the off chance that th place is by itself, and it usually doesn't get too hopping until ater at night, you can enjoy some deicious cocktails on their patio. I know I am going to make the best of margarita day's promotion!
5	My go to bar in Las Vegas. Two of my favorite things are drinking outside and cheap alcohol. This place has both! Happy hour is from 3-6 and the outdoor seating is wonderful. The staff is very friendly and the music is wonderful. Drinks are strong and made well. They also offer a hookah menu as well (cash only!). Just go hear, sit back, relax and enjoy beautiful weather and a good drink.
4	Stumbled upon the place walking out of the Mirage on a sunny Saturday afternoon this past weekend and like the trendy inside but liked even more the hip outside part with comfortable couches. The drink menu has a ton of creative concoctions like Raspberry Mojitos and cool martinis all made to order. They also have all sorts of beers and mixed drinks. The service was friendly and prices were decent and you are literally right near the strip so the people watching coming into the Mirage is neat. There was no food served but you could venture over to BLT across the corridor and they allow you to bring it back to this place. Evidently at night this outside part is quite a trendy spot to dance and the DJ was mixing up some cool tunes. Weird things is they also had Hookas to smoke from.
4	We scored a seat in the shade and it was a nice way to relax with some cocktails in the Vegas heat! I tried the strawberry caipirinha and what really made the drink was the flavored whipped cream on top. It tasted like key lime pie!
4	Fun place. Its a hookah bar in the Mirage. Its mostly outdoor seating so be prepared for that if its cold outside. the DJ there the night I came to visit played a batch of hip hop, which was a welcomed change from the EDM we hear in clubs all the time these days.There's a variety of hookah flavors available. If you got a bunch of people and plan to hookah alot, this is a great place because they have an unlimited hookah option that costs about the same as two hookahs.The drinks are tasty and they also have a cigars. Great place to chill and get anyway from the hustle and bustle of the clubbing scene.
4	Work conferences in Vegas are tough. You need to rise early, attend sessions, meetings and mingle with prospective and existing clients all day indoors. This gets followed by cocktail receptions hosted by partner firms where you do more mingling and talking. Until you're all talked out and just want to go to bed. Well, that's not possible since it's time to sit down with the rest of the company's management team and recap the day. Our recaps happened at Rhumbar every night of the conference after we fell in love the first night. Large comfortable outdoor furniture with white cushions serve to relax your tired legs. Wafts of hookahs and cigars lend an exotic feel to the place and entertaining DJs spin solid mixes. The outside lights get adjusted as the night goes on to create a fun, relaxing vibe. This is the type of place you can spend hours at. Which we did. Three nights in a row. Armed with pitchers of delicious sangria, small bowls of snack mixes, and the occasional cigar or cigarette. Outdoor patios are rare in Vegas, and this is one of the finest ones. So if you feel like taking a break from the stale casino air and slot machine noises, do yourself a favor and plop down on an oversized patio couch at Rhumbar with a refreshing cocktail. Each hour you can also witness the flames erupting into the air from the pirate show at neighboring Treasure Island.
4	I don't go to the Strip that often, but this is quickly becoming my go-to place when I wanna listen to some upbeat music and people watch.The drinks are decent, the hookah comes in some interesting flavors and it's always super lively on a Friday or Saturday night. Not to mention, the view of the Strip is cool and there are always drunken tourists to laugh at there.CONS: The hookah is cash only, which means that if you're like me and only carry cards, you will have to walk all the way to the ATM and pay the exorbitant $5.99 fee, when the hookah is already $30. Ouch.If you want to sit outside, you will have to wait for at least 15 minutes and sit in the cramped indoor section until then.Other than that, I think Rhumbar is one of the coolest places on the Strip and I definitely plan on bringin' my best friend here when she comes to visit!
4	nice outdoor spot featuring hookah with view of the strip
3	hoping the King Cola machine is working this weekend. Every time I went by it last July it was broken :(  Loved their frozen drinks and outside seating area from Dec of 2011 but was really looking forward to another King Cola and Jack (or maybe a couple of them LOL)
3	We came across this place on accident. happened to be at the mirage and spent most of the day at sports book and decided to do something low key. Super slow service on a Saturday! We sat for about 10 minutes before someone even came up to us. Then the waitress told us we would have to wait for the hookah guy which took another 15 min.Other than that Rhumbar was really great. It's a change from our usual clubbing trip but it was actually really nice ...if you can get a seat. Hookah is $30 and there's a ton of flavors to choose from. If it wasn't for the wait I'd give this place 4 stars
5	Fantastic chill lounge, nightclub!  This place attracts a diverse crowd, every color, race, age etc.  Many things to appreciate, no cover charge, awesome dj and lots of patio seating on big couches.   Groupon did its job, they had an offer for two signature drinks for $14, drinks here are strong, pricey but strong.  This place is a great alternative to the fancy clubs with their fancy cover and fancy bottle service.  We also indulged in a hooka, pretty interesting, they had tons of flavor a we went with bubblegum.  I can't wait to return!
4	Very relaxed place. Sit in the sun with a hookah and a drink and relax. It's not very flashy which is nice, but it depends on the mood you're in I suppose. I went during the day and had a good time, not sure what it's like at night.No food from what I recall which can be a disappointment for a fatty like.
5	Great place to come for a chill and tasty experience. The bartenders were awesome and spent time giving recommendations and letting us taste different rums and whiskies that were unusual for standard bar menu items. I got the Tangerine trampoline first: this drink was SO GOOD. fresh and complex and strong. Perfect.The next one was my favorite: the Latin Manhattan. This ginger spin on the classic is a must try and was so good we wrote down the recipe ingredients.If you need a break or want to grab a drink that will actually give you some bang for your buck, you should definitely stop by!
5	The service was great. It was a busy night and I had at least a group of 6 people.  We got seated had great drinks and great hookah.  The flavor selection was decent. Wasn't too small. I will def be going back.
2	Apparently if your over 30 years old and its past 11:00pm you get looked upon as if your not welcome.  Drinks were quiet good, but 1944 Mai Tai had to much simple syrup (sweetness). If you have a Groupon God help you - stink eye!  Our waitress, although easy on the eyes, was as standoffish as you can imagine.  A real bit**.  Fun music and atmosphere, but unless your young and spend money like your in congress, don't bother.
5	I really enjoyed Rhumbar.  A cigar and a mojito went well together - just what the Doctor ordered.  Service was excellent and the environment was very comfortable.
4	Pricey daiquiris but very good.
4	I really enjoyed this lounge at the Mirage. Their fruity drinks like their pina coladas are really good and the bartenders were super nice. Both the inside bar and outside patio area are really nice. I didn't like my waitress when we finally got seated outside. She was very unattentive. The boyfriend enjoyed smoking his cigar and although the area for dancing was really small, we had a good time having some drinks and dancing anyway. A perfect spot for relaxing and partying with friends all at the same time.
3	Comfy couches & low lighting really had me excited as we were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary.  The music was okay but as soon as we ordered with a groupon for two Headhunter drinks the server couldn't be bothered.  Even though we had planned to order more we couldn't even get her attention to get a bill which we would have at least give her a tip.  I read the other reviews and had great expectations - maybe we should have sat inside where we could have tried various drinks.
4	I like their happy hour. $5 rum punch. $8 cigar for the husband. I don't think I would go during any other time because I find them a bit pricey, but it's a fun spot right at an entrance to the Mirage, and their rum punch packs a definite punch.
5	This is the only place I make a point to return to every time I come to Vegas.The patio area is awesome. Nice open views of Vegas and comfy seats.They cell cigars of varying price/quality on site.They provide matches/butane liters for you to smoke your cigar.The DJ has never disappointed.The prices for drinks are quite affordable.The waitresses have always been extremely attractive.You're right in the Mirage so you can get great food from one of the restaurants just outside and bring it in.
4	This place knocked my socks off! For starters I love that it's inside The Mirage.Being in my mid-20s I have to say the atmosphere in this place is the right amount of grown. Yes, the crowd is slightly older but, did it feel good to get away from the douchebaggery Vegas can attract during the fourth of July weekend.Tips:*Do pay for the premium hookah it is all that more satisfying for a few dollars more. This is the perfect place in Vegas to sit, unwind, and get drunk so might as well have the overall experience and get hookah (or one of their Cuban cigars). *Be sure to get the Scorpion Bowl. It's a great, delicious drink bombed with cherries drenched in Sailor Jerry rum. Made for 4 people to enjoy but it's even better for two!My rude awakening from Carribean Paradise in Vegas:What I had to knock this amazing place down one full star for was our waitress. It's highly unusual for my bf and I to undertip anyone but we were one trip away from ignore-ville before leaving without tipping at all! I will admit, she was the only waitress I saw during our whole 90min experience in the outdoor lounge but the place was not crowded nor overwhelming with demanding customers. She had the indecency to pass tables by teeming with customer's forever-ready to order their next round. We would have enjoyed at least 2 extra rounds if she would've been doing what she's actually payed to do: curteous service. I will be returning in Oct. and I'm hoping to have the same well-rounded experience AND attentive service.
5	Cool atmosphere.  Great patio area.  Great cocktails.
4	Rhumbar is one of the only on-Strip bars I would ever care to visit and naturally I discovered it less than 3 weeks before I am moving away.At night it probably has a more clubby and douchey atmosphere but during the day it felt like I was relaxing on the beach instead of on a patio outside the Mirage. There are misters to keep you cool in the sun and a combination of shady and sunny places to sit, relax and have a couple of tiki drinks! I was surprised to see that they have hookah as well.My only complaint is the service... our drinks took FOREVER to arrive and our waitress was less-than-attentive and mildly bitchy. It didn't detract from the enjoyable atmosphere and general yummyness, though.The pineapple chipotle margarita is great!
5	Every time I visit Vegas, my first evening is spent at Rhumbar. Great music, great ambiance and a great start to another Vegas weekend! I usually have 3-4 cocktails($17-20) and get the unlimited hookah($65). One gripe though, I feel the cocktails are too diluted to get any sort of buzz going, so a little more alcohol, please. Till next time.
1	I like Rhumbar, tasty drinks, nice waitstaff, good music and a phenomenal location...unfortunately I won't go back.  They have started charging a 3.75% CSF, a fee for no reason other than to make more money.  Our waitress told us it was called a Concession Service Fee, and that it was a way for them to make more money without raising their drink prices.  This fee is ridiculous!  The CSF wasn't even listed on our menu, it just showed up on our final bill. Charge me what the drink cost and don't tack on a fee at the end.  I'm more than willing to pay the current cost of the drink and would even pay a dollar more, their prices are competitive with other speciality bars on the strip.  In all fairness, we did a little investigating and after looking through a couple of menus we found one with the fee list, also our fee was waived when we asked to speak with the manager (he never talked to us just told the waitress to take it off the bill).  I would love to go back to Rhumbar but until they get rid of the fee I won't be back.  Lesson for anybody that does choose to go to Rhumbar, asked to speak with a manager about the CSF and they will waive it rather than have to justify their shoddy business practices to you.
5	Me and my brothers had an amazing time here. Great ambience. Drinks were ok (we started before we got there). This was definitely the jewel to my first trip to vegas. We found it by accident once we refused to pay $100 to watch the Mayweather fight (closed caption). There was a 20 minute wait because it was so busy. The waitresses were pretty, the dj didn't stop playing hit, the drinks were strong, and the random females that we met while we were there also enjoyed themselves. Great times! A definite pre-party spot. I will definitely return!!!!
4	Been here 3x now on different trips and every time I've had a great experience. It's located directly in front of the Mirage. They have an inside lounge and also outdoor patio with DJ. I liked it because the music was not overly loud, DJ played a variety of music and you get to chill smoke hookah , have great drinks and people watch. I did not experience slow service or rudeness that some other Yelpers have. They don't offer food but you can bring in CPK that's located inside and another tip the hookah bill will be separate from your drink bill.
4	What an adorable place with a great outdoor lounge. We were pretty tired from partying the night before and wanted to go somewhere a little more low key - this hit the spot. Service was good, drinks were tasty - try the white sangria. The DJ had better music than I found at the Cosmopolitan club to be quite honest, he also had the best attitude ever. It's a slightly older, more mature crowd, we were the youngest there... but everyone seemed nice and happy, so it was cute. Also - check out the fire show at the Mirage next door.... p.s it gets HOT.
4	This place was great. Very relaxing and great drinks. We were having a tough time finding a place that was quiet to relax and drink and this place was perfect. We saw a DJ setting up and ended out time here at that point.
4	This is always been a favorite spot to enjoy the tropical ambiance of Vegas and the Mirage & a gathering place for our group before a night out. The DJ is a nice addition but the bar has become a little more about the smoke than the cocktails from last year's visit. The Tangerine Trampoline & Mojitos are favorites. Great ingredients & worth the $14-16 price. Downside: no food. Waitresses are friendly. Tip: get the $5 vodka drinks & $20 Happy Hour beer buckets inside & bring them outside (no happy hour outside).
4	Only tried the walk up frozen drink part, but she made them strong and refill prices were very fair. It got me drunk since I was tired of drinking beers so girly frozen drinks hit the spot. I would return.
4	Experience was cool and the outside was so nice but they needed more servers for the crowd.
4	Cool little spot to hang out at. Went with some buds on a Monday night at 9pm. Kinda dead though with no live music and mostly empty seats outside. Seats were cush, with a great view of the strip and nearby volcano. Drinks were a little high, but typically priced for the strip. The Tangerine Trampoline was so-so. Tried the Blue Mist hookah - great flavor with a subtle buzz, but pricey ($40) - i won't splurge on the hookah again, i'll stick with a nice stoagie. We may give this place another chance, but it will have to be on a Fri or Sat night late night when they have a live DJ and a little bit more lively crowd...
3	I actually really enjoyed this place beside the service. My husband, his friend, his friends wife, and several other guys were all going out for a birthday celebration. Katie and I walked up and asked the bartender for a shot. After he gave us a shot he said, "come back for another, you will need one since you are rolling with five guys". I didn't really know what that meant, but I just brushed it off. We opened a tab and said we will use cash at the end to pay. At the end of the night the waitress, who acted very cocky all night, said very loudly to my husband and in front of our whole group, "you're card was declined". Then she laughed and walked away. On our way out the male bartender making the inappropriate comments said goodbye then began complaining that we didn't leave him a big enough tip. I understand working with the public can be frustrating, but this is your job and all the workers here were very young and unprofessional.
5	This place is so much fun! There are some nights when you are in Vegas and you want to go out for drinks, but you don't feel like throwing on a dress & heels, talking to club promoters, waiting in line, or hustling drinks.This place is suppperrrr chilllll and loungy. Here are some reasons why this place is awesome:-No wait. No cover. No dress code.-Good for large groups. Good for small groups.-Live DJ that plays some old school hip hop and of course, EDM. This is Vegas after all. The music isn't great, but you can't win 'em all.-You can easily get a table without bottle service-Speaking of service- It's amazing here.-Outdoor seating with heat lamps (perfect for smokers and hookah)-Drinks by the pitcher. Yes, I said PITCHER. (Sangrias, mojitos, etc)-Good for all ages 21 & up. I can literally bring my mom here and it would be totally chill. There were people of all ages getting crunk here. Sorry for saying "crunk"The only negative is that they don't have a restroom. You have to leave the bar, go inside the casino, around the corner behind the sports betting area, and find the restroom. It's a little inconvenient, but not a huge issue.
3	Firstly if you're a person who enjoys your hookah this isn't the place for that! Due to the service and the amount of pipes they possess is unrealistic towards how much many customers they have. The heads and the coal are a disgrace for a place to use quick light coal is a joke. It's clear this place does not want to make money. The drinks and cigar side of the rhumbar are good great cocktails but again the service is poor due to the lack of staff and that's left you feeling ignored. However if you want to get drunk off cocktails by all means this is the place for you.
4	Cheryl did a 5 star job, the hookah on the other hand is not so great, one guy taking orders from 50 plus people. Other then that drinks and atmosphere is cracking
5	One of the best places to drink in Vegas. Great drink and cigar menu and our waitress Jackie was great. The outside patio is the best in Vegas. Plenty of TVs and a live band or DJ at night.
4	Great place to drink on the strip. I come here every time I am in Vegas. They even had a Groupon drink special recently. They also offer cigar, and hookahs. It's a laid atmosphere, with lots of outdoor seating and heatlamps. Good dj music and drinks are ok.
5	One of the best bars on The Strip. The best hookah I've had in Vegas, fun innovative cocktails and the cigar selection looks great. It allows cigarette smoking outside which is nice. They have TV's, a live DJ that isn't too loud. It's kind of pricey, but it's super chill and overall has great atmosphere. A great place if you just want to hang out and chat with friends.
2	It's too narrow and too bright with sofas that are uncomfortable to sit on. The air is thick with cigar smoke and the rum punch is forgettable. Skip this unless you're an avid smoker.
4	I had a Groupon for two drinks with two tiki souvenir cups. We ordered the hurricane punch ones and they were good. We sat inside at the bar. The bartender probably figured we weren't going to make him a ton so he pretty much ignored us. He pretty much ignored everyone. He flirted with the waitresses working the outside. That was fine. He didn't ask us if we wanted another drink. Maybe we would have sat there and spent a lot. He probably assumed since we had a Groupon we weren't going to have anything else. So we had our drink, left him a fair tip then split. The drink was good. Service sort of sucked but oh well. I would go back again.
5	I'm a fiend for Mojitos. If you like Mojitos then this is an absolute must visit place. I can't really stand Hookah or the people who are interested in hookah but I am more than willing to put up with it at Rhumbar. What makes the mojito so much better than anywhere else? Well let me tell you1. No little tiny pieces of mint throughout the drink getting in your teeth-they muddle well but keep the mint largely in tact2. Packs a wallop- while it tastes sweet it still has a pretty good kick in it3. Sugar cane- comes with a tasty piece ot chomp on/stir your drink with. The prices are pretty reasonable given the strip/its location right outside the Mirage. It has been closed for a private events a few times I tried to go which was annoying but whatever. There is a dance floor and usually a DJ but action there is limited. The crowd tends to be slightly older- I would say 30's and up. If you are sitting outside the service can be a bit slow at times so I would suggest you  order a drink before you need it if the waiter/tress stops by. Also the TV's are usally playing Bond movies which is pretty awesome. The scorpion bowl and old cuban are also good, but the Mojito is the star.
5	As you can imagine, Rhumbar has pretty good rum based cocktails. We sat on the lounges inside to order our drinks as the patio area was almost full and VERY smoky. The lady bartender was actually quite nice ( somewhat of a rarity for Vegas! ) and even allowed my friend and I to split a Zombie!! She ended up serving us each 3/4 of a cocktail-it was watery but that was great customer service! My rum obsessed husband thought his Mai Tai was good- not quite as good as a real non-touristy Hawaiian Mai Tai, but good for Vegas. It is nicer outside on the patio, especially at dusk when it's not so crowded-they have great music out there!
4	This place is relaxing for those who wish to rest before walking down the strip. It's a cgreat option for those who don't want to gamble their money away, go to clubs, or just want a lounge experience. It's a great place for groups since there is no cover and no long lines. The DJs there are usually playing old school hip-hop and edm. We've gotten pitchers of drinks which are way more inexpensive than buying individual drinks. Service is usually great.
5	Super chill bar. LOVED the all white interior. LOVED the bartender. LOVED the music. What else is there to say? I'll be back!
3	This is a good option if you're staying at the Mirage and want a "local" night. I went there on a Wednesday evening, there was no cover and a live band. Drinks were around $14 and there are also hookah options available. The bill can definitely add up before you realize. But the outdoor setting and music creates for a great ambiance.
5	Ended up here after seeing a show and had a great time! Didn't get bottle service or Hooka, but were still easily able to dance on the patio with awesome dj...all hip hop, just what we wanted. $10 cover, very nice door man, no line. Wonderful to get into the open air to dance and away from smokey casino, and true its pretty thick with cigar smoke inside. Nice bartenders, normal prices for Vegas. Highly recommend!
5	We love this place! Great staff, great music, you can bring food in, super Mojitos and a decent selection of brown (Scotch, Rum, Rye). One of the most under known gems on the Strip. And BTW - we have come in 20 times per year for the past 5 years!
5	Ron Zacapa served here, that's all that is necessary for me to give it 5 stars. Oh the server who kept Meowing at me gets an extra star!
5	Nice cigar bar very friendly & attentive staff & the manager was very helpful in finding for me the perfect cigars to suite my tastes. Never had Ashtons before but they are now my go to cigar. Ashton Classic Series Corona of which I smoked more than I can count in the 7 days I went there. Also the Ashton VSG Series Corona Gorda was very nice.
3	It's loud, trendy, outside,  it was ok
4	My husband and I stayed at the Mirage a while back and went to Rhumbar a couple times during our stay. I love that they have a big outdoor patio, since there's not many in Vegas. Comfortable seating, great specialty cocktails (big focus on rum), cigars and hookah. My husband brought his own cigars, so that was cool he could smoke them there and not have to pay a ridiculous price for the ones there. We enjoyed the massive "Scorpion Bowl" drink, twice, so yummy! The only thing that was lacking was service. We hardly saw our server both times and it took forever to close out our tab.
3	I stayed at the Mirage and decided to check this bar out. The service between inside and outside bar is very contrasting. Great service with inside bartenders and just lousy service outdoors. It felt like the server was doing us a favor in taking our order. Sheesh. Good music and good hookah too. But, I rather have a drink at their poker bar or their revolution lounge instead, with much better service. Not too many bar options at the Mirage.
5	Our FAVORITE place to grab a drink and chill from all the walking that Vegas requires, OR to grab a drink to take with us!  Top notch service and quality ingredients used in their drinks.  My personal favorite is the Pineapple Chipotle Margarita.  Phenomenal outdoor patio at any time of the day or night.
4	This is a great spot to chill and have a good drink. The mojito I had was awesome! I had to knock off a star bc the service is sometimes iffy and it's closed for private parties more than I would like.  But the music is good, the atmosphere is chill and the drinks very tasty.
5	This is my favourite patio in Vegas.  We make sure we hit it every time we go (went 3 times in 5 days this past trip), as they have comfy seating, great cocktails and seats in the sun and shade.  I believe we have had every cocktail on their list by now.  A definite must if you want some sun on a patio without being at a pool!
1	The greeting into the place was nice. Until the waitress was rude. She immediately asked do you want to pay now. We came to relax for a minute. Felt completely rushed to leave while we are head to smoke hookah and willing to pay the price for multiple refills.
1	I ordered my usually "white peach by starbuzz" I waited for about 15-20 mins and received my hookah to only be let down.They use instant lights :( not only does that later the flavor but it also makes the hookah have a chemical taste I'll never purchase a hookah from there again !
2	I come here all the time and when it opened, they had awesome tropical drinks, not any more my Mai tai tasted like pool water and when I pointed out that it was nasty they cute girl at the bar (they used to have real bartenders) told me, "sorry all I can do is use the mix and make it exactly the same again."  This tells me they no longer hirer people who are bartenders, just cute girls who can follow a recipe, so sad, I won't be back or recommending it to anyone.  The atmosphere is the same, but the drinks are junk now.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place 3 stars is because of the DJ and the view. The service was horrible!!! Our check was brought to us without asking if we wanted anything else to drink after waiting for 30mins for our only round. The hookah wasn't lasting and also took forever
3	We ended up having a great time at Rhumbar, we came in through the bar and they immediately sat us in the far corner of the hookah area. Unfortunately they sat us where another group already was sitting (they had just gone to grab drinks) which led the lone group member to get a little flustered as she tried to figure out where her four friends were going to sit. We ended up making friends with the group and we all sat and talked together, but we did feel bad for the mistake. The hookah had a great flavor, blueberry mint, but the coals got really hot quickly and since we weren't given tongs we felt like we were being a bother to our busy server every time we asked for them to be adjusted. It was fun, but a little pricy for what we got out of it.We would have had a drink at the bar, but the bartender was either too busy or ignoring us. It was a fun time but not worth going back again.
4	To cut to the chase - the drinks are excellent. I'm a cocktail/spirits geek. Rhumbar's menu had given me signs of hope, but still, I was withholding judgment. I got a Latin Manhattan, and my gf got a Zombie. Both were flavorful and complex with subtleties. Good enough for craft cocktail folks. The patio/garden area is visually pleasing, with comfy couches and stuffed chairs. The music is loud as a mofo, but that's standard for Vegas, I guess. The late-night crowd had some obvious tourists in it, but it was mostly Douche Vegas, y'know?The host was friendly and fun, and our server was pleasant enough. A little slow but not horribly so.
1	A total joke. Waited over 1/2 hour for a drink that never came. There were about 15 customers, 2 servers, 2 bartenders, door guy, manager etc, all of whom we're doing nothing. When I walked out and told them their service sucks the excuse was "I'm sorry, these are all mixed drinks sir". Really??? I had no idea. Thanks for clarifying. Full of douchebags. Terrible Dj playing the same pitbull garbage song twice 10 minutes apart. Avoid this place like the plague, which you will probably get if you brush up against any of the staff or clientele.
4	There are positives and negatives to many bars nationwide. Same thing here at Rhumbar. Lets rum it up and discuss this tropical joint..~The Good~They really pour on the rum, in the sense that they do not shy away from relying heavily on rum-based drinks. As rum-lover myself, this seems to be the single most difficult liquor to request at bars. The bulk of barkeeps simply go to the 3 main staples of Rum which are: Rum and Coke, rum and OJ/Pineapple and any of the wide variety of sugary fruity drinks women love. Issue is, those drinks get boring after ordering them continuously. Enter the Rhumbar, which has a very solid variety of rums of all different colors for someone like myself to enjoy. The drinks on their menu are mixed perfectly, not too sweet, and strong enough to feel that yummy rum kick. I personally though the Zombie was on par with many others I have had, and the other drinks were well made as well. I also recently came back to enjoy a white mojito, which was unique and tasty. Finally, the barkeep delivered me my personal staple of Pyrat rum, splash of OJ and a orange slice, exactly as asked. Love the outside and the ability to hookah, even though I do not hookah personally it is a nice touch.~The Bad~I first off, really do not like the door-guy they have here. He is bald, older in his mid 40's, and is a real prick. I mean, no way to go about it. He is a prick. And the $10 to get in at 10pm is also a joke, when no one is there especially. I get that they can have a cover charge for the place, but its a bit steep when nothing is going on. If perhaps he could actually see how many people are physically on the property, that would be nice and all....But no...plus he is a prick, so yea. Anyway, he sucks, and the cover does too. So get in before 10pm guys if you want to not pay that. cover for the patio entrance. I also noticed no restrooms which is no bueno, especially if you are buzzed and enjoying the DJ. ~The Downlow~Overall, this place could be a 5 star spot if they did not have such a prick running the door. He really does ruin it, and I have been here about 3 times on 3 separate trips, just specifically to run into Mr. Baldhead "El Prickerino" DoorGuy, who instantly is a buzz kill. 4 stars go to great rum selection, good specials drink menu I can actually enjoy, fun space, and great bar keeps. One star lost for Cue Ball. Come party at this spot before clubbing it at One Oak, or another place nearby. I prefer it because of its emphasis on rums, but they do have a fun list of drinks. Enjoy and look out for my bald headed friend. Give him a high-five, or a wig...one or the other.
4	I came by with a few co-workers around 7:00 we walked right in and sat ourselves.  We all ordered cocktails and a few ordered some cigars.  It was a great evening to sit outside and enjoy all that is Vegas.  I had the spanish trampoline - it was so tasty!  Tangerines mixed with mint, so good!  My coworker got a Hurricane, which she said was great AND a free cup to take home - she was thrilled about that!  A DJ was setting up, but we left before he got started.  I enjoyed it, however, it appeared as there was only one server for the whole outdoor section so service wasn't amazing.  We weren't in any hurry, though, so it was OK.
4	First of all it is a great place. Every-time I visit Las Vegas I make it a point to come here. They cater to two of my favorite things, Rum and cigars. Being from California, it is a treat to find a place to have a cigar while sipping a quality aged rum or a great Mojito. Every visit has been great. The servers, Jackie, Monica and Bridgette are great. I did have one instance where after a shift change, the new server Brittany never visited the table to take my order. It got to the point that I stayed until I finished my cigar (90 min) to see if she would check on me. It never happened. I totally recommend coming here, just don't get stuck with Brittany. She is worthless.
3	If you love rum its a must stop
5	Rhumbar was the best hookah experience I've had not only on the strip but in Las Vegas in general. Our servers were Brittany and Eddie and they were nothing short of 5 star service! As a concierge on the strip it's safe to say I will easily recommend Rhumbar to anyone requesting a fun dance environment with good quality hookah at amazing and competitive prices! A solid 5 thumbs up for Rhumbar! Your guys are the best! Thank you!!
5	Great place for drinks right on the strip. One of the fee places you can sit outside. My husband and I love this bar and it's a must every time we come to Vegas. Drinks are strong and unique. Cigars are available to smoke as well as hookah. This can be a downside if you don't like to be around smoke. However, the views are great and there's usually always a dj playing decent dancy music. Pros: Outdoor seating!!!  great cocktails.  Pretty waitresses! Good prices for drinks. Hookah and cigars if you're into it. Casual but cool. Cons: No food. Can get smoky.
5	I absolutely LOVE Rhumbar! In the mood for an awesome DJ and strong drinks? Oh, and of course being able to do hookah outdoors while taking in the strip view?? I have a blast each time I go here both in the daytime and at night. Yes, the drink prices are high - where isn't it on the strip? But the service received has been consistently good. Some people complain about poor service but my friends & I have not had a problem. Take care of your server like any other place - he/she will remember you for it!I love coming here and having the option to hang out with friends, sit/relax, or dance the night away instead of killing my feet standing at a club. I usually curl up on the couch and always end up meeting people because of the layout so loosen up and make some friends :)This is the place to be during the day or even at night and is one of my must go to places each time I am in Vegas.Goodbye until my next visit...
5	Great vibes. Bridgett is amazing and accommodating.  Nice view and reasonable drink prices for Vegas. DJ knows atmosphere and plays to it. Great place to chill in between events.
1	No no no. This place was so bad! We had been talking about this hookah/bar for days, so we were excited to check it out on our last night.  So, we arrive about 10:30pm and every table was filled so we are told it'd be about a 30 minute wait.  While we are discussing our plan of action, the hostess comes and tells us there is a party leaving and she can seat us now.  Yay! Turns out, that was a bad thing.  The seating area is gorgeous, couches are huge and comfy and the strip views are awesome! We even had a view of the Mirage volcano.  The server comes up right away and takes our drink order while we are looking over the menu.  I kid you not, 35-40 minutes go by and the woman has not even so much as looked our direction.  After all 6 of us give her the stare down, she comes and asks us if she can get us anything.  We inform her we never got the drinks we ordered. Her response? "I know." WHAT? She goes on to say that her bartender sucks. Ummm..? Then we ask her about the hookah.  She tells us that you need to go in the back to order the hookah. What the heck. No sign, nobody even told us...how were we supposed to know we had to get up and go order the hookah elsewhere?The server finally brings us our drinks and they are horrible. Watered down, just absolute garbage.  I told her I didn't want mine and she kind of gave me some attitude publicly...  Then apologized to me privately, saying she was mad at the bartender and didn't mean to take it out on me. Unbelievable.  The hookah was kinda lame.  We tried like 5 different flavors.. all weak.  The only good flavor was the blueberry.  Places like this are why Yelp needs a zero star option.
5	Enjoyed relaxing afternoon drinks here each day of my visit to Las Vegas. Brianna was a great waitress that worked several of the visits I was there. The time of day I go, which is around 5-7pm, Rhumbar is not very busy which improves its rating in my book. I'm sure if I went at 10pm when it is packed, I would hate it... Also, I seem to drop in there after spending a day walking the strip and gambling so it is super relaxing. With outdoor seating, cocktails that taste wonderful, and fresh cigars, I would recommend this place to others.
3	My husband and I stopped in spontaneously while walking down the strip after dinner one night.  Had no idea what this bar was, only that it was convenient at the right time when we both needed to sit down and rest our feet.We got there about 10ish and the seating was pretty much full.  However, we were able to get a table right away since we said we'd share with other patrons.  Turned out not to be that big of a deal since the seating was U-shaped around a pretty decent sized table so we didn't feel like we were drinking with a bunch of strangers.Was not aware there was hookah available, so I thought that was pretty cool.  I kept smelling blueberries and cotton candy, which thankfully are not bad smells.  However, they also sell cigars so I got my fair share of smoke during the hour we were there.Loved the seating area since it was outside and along the strip, so it was very open and had great views.  That aspect alone was enough for me to enjoy my visit.  And I'm not much of a drinker, but ordered a pina colada anyway.  It was so freaking delicious!  Best pina colada I've ever had.  It wasn't frozen, but on the rocks and super tasty.We are not locals, so I doubt I ever come back to Rhumbar again.  But this is an A-OK spot, and I recommend others to give it a try, especially if they're into hookah.
4	Been here three times in the last three days for hookah beer and drinks. Service has always been fantastic hookah people are on spot and on top of things and the prices are reasonable. We think getting the unlimited hookah for $65. Pitchers of margaritas for 40. Very nice lots of TVs shade in the sun heaters turned on at night.
4	Only complaint is that it closed at 2am. Over looks the strip...drinks were good, DJ was awesome, nice place to gather with friends and enjoy the strip!
4	This place I am completely obsessed with on a fantastic summer night...you sit outside you resend it Latin music or sometimes they play top hits you smoke hookah you have the most delicious drinks ever especially spicy rum drinks and you have a killer killer of you and you take tons of photos and it's honestly one of my favorites one of my favorites!!!  Order a : TATONGA
4	Outdoor lounge great for afternoon drinks or a cozy hookah with friends. Drinks are good, similar to Fat Tuesday's. Fun atmosphere with a nice view on the Strip.
5	ONLY PLACE ON THE STRIP WITH a HOOKAH BAR! With each visit I take to the Vegas area, I make sure to stop by the Rhumbar. During my bachelorette trip to Vegas, I found this hot spot located in front of the Mirage. My group and I chilled out here and enjoyed hookah and drinks here on a nice Vegas day. My second trip I took to Vegas, I could not quite recall the name of this great spot or its location. I asked every cab driver (which was about 5-6 drivers) if they knew of a hookah bar on the strip and each one thought I was delusional and never heard of such. I even asked local people that worked in the area if they knew of the name of this place, and no one knew--my husband thought I was crazy too.. But ladies and gents and there is one hookah spot on the strip and this is it! After my brother did a great amount of googling--we located the name and location of this place and I made my way immediately back. To get in you must walk up to the entrance of the Mirage and this patio bar is located right before you enter the Mirage(please do not confuse this entrance with the taxi cab pickup area). The host greeted us and then placed us at a table. Please note, you do have to make a drink purchase--whether a plain Coke or alcoholic beverage in order to sit and enjoy hookah as well. The hookah here is a little pricer than your normal places but hey your in Vegas! The scenery and set up is great, and the hookah is the BEST! The person that is in charge of the hookah does a great job checking on you and making sure your hookah is coming out right. They also have an awesome DJ here during the day and at night! Televisions are set up with sports games on, you can watch the tourist as they walk buy, or you can enjoy the fire show at the Mirage. Either way you are guaranteed a good time. Make sure you stop here during your trip in Vegas--I will be sure to on my third trip back!
5	My absolutely FAVORITE place to go out on the strip - and I'm a local. This place has fantastic hookah, great service, good drinks and a fantastic DJ.It is much more relaxed than a club but is GREAT for dancing. The DJ plays hip hop usually instead of House music (not sure how people dance to that) and the manager and bouncer always make you feel welcomed. We usually get the unlimited hookah. My favorite flavor is the melon - it is delicious and I don't even smoke hookah except on a rare occasion. The drinks are pricey but it is completely worth it. You can also see the mirage volcano go off and they have heat lamps so ladies you won't be freezing all night either. No cover, and a great night EVERY TIME. CHECK OUT RHUMBAR YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED! :)
1	If I could rate it a negative 5 I would.. Tonight my friends and I went to the Rhumbar to smoke some hookah and have a couple of drinks. We called prior to coming over and were told the prices for the hookah and that's it. So we drove over, fought traffic and all, just to get here and Duke tells us (3 women) that there's a cover of $10 for everyone. Now this isn't an issue but it became an issue when we noticed the group in front of us didn't pay a cover and walked right in. So pissed off, we walked away. Something told me to call and check. So I did. And low and behold, there was no cover for women just men. Highly upset, we stormed back over and approached Duke. of course, the story changed and all of a sudden he claims he only told us that because there was a group of guys near us and he didn't want them to question the cover. Bullcrap! There was only 1 man near us when he told us that. So it makes me question the integrity of the business. Was it because it was 2 black women and a Latina woman wanting to come spend money? Clearly there's some discrimination going on. This is how lawsuits get started. Someone should check Duke before this business goes under the magnifying glass for racial and sex discrimination. Highly pissed, but the only reason we came back was because my best friend really waned to do hookah for her birthday. Wow. Signed,Pissed off PAYING customer
4	Service : excellentHookah: goodDrinks: I did not drink but my friends loved themAmbiance: really fun laid back and funWent here last night it was around 7 so the place was relatively empty and we had no problem getting seated.The staff was super fun and friendly and engaging.The hookah was good not the best I have ever had but not bad either.The crowd was a mix of all sorts of people.The vibe was really fun relaxing.Would recommend this place to anyone wanting to sit back relax enjoy music and hangout with friends.
3	Technically, Rhumbar isn't a tiki bar but they do have some tiki drinks and a nice assortment of rums.The Mai Tai was OK and done proper.  I opted for the Latin Manhattan.  It was a tasty and potent cocktail, but the ginger beer did over power any other flavors.The husband, who is a sucker for real daiquiris - not that booze Slurpee junk, ordered one when he saw that Rhumbar had Luxardo maraschino liqueur.  According to the bartender, there used to be a daiquiri on the menu, but a few regular patrons still order it, so that's what she made for my husband.Typically, a daiquiri is made with lime / grapefruit juice, white rum, sugar, and sometimes a bit of maraschino liqueur.  With their daiquiri, it was rhum agricole, grapefruit juice, and maraschino liqueur.  It was different than what he was expecting, but still tasty in a different way due to the rhum agricole.
4	This is a great little indoor/outdoor bar and hookah lounge. It is located at the Mirage and is a fun place to people watch as people walk inside the casino.The drinks are your standard cost and the hookah seemed reasonable. The staff was really nice and friendly which can sometimes be lacking at the standard clubs in Vegas. This place is more like a lounge with dancing as the night goes on but since it is outdoors you can successfully chill in your chair and carry on a conversation.The husband and I had a great time. We are in our thirties and feel like we are getting a little old for the club scene but still like to go out and have a good time. This place was the perfect combo of drinking, dancing and fun people.They have a happy hour with reasonable prices so if you are not yet ready to commit to a whole evening like we did, you can stop by and enjoy a beverage before getting ready for a night out. This place is great an is now firmly in our Vegas rotation. I think at some point I was the Yelp dutchess which made me happy =)
4	Love this place!  My babe and I always come here when we are in town.   Try the pitchers...real good.  Roxy is the best!  Ask for her, she will take care of your request.  THANKS ROXY!
1	Worst experience ever! Why does a hookah bar open at noon but won't serve hookah until 4 pm? Four employees here chatting and on their phones neglecting to help or even acknowledge other patrons. It's the end of December and their heaters outside don't work? Have been here for 45 minutes and not checked on once by any employee at all. Worst customer service experience in all of Vegas.
5	I saw the Rhumbar listed as a must-visit prior to our most recent trip to Vegas and put it on the list to check out. We decided to pop in on a Saturday around 1 and it was empty. The patio was open and complete with heat lamps and televisions, which was perfect for Dec 27th.The inside is lovely and complete with bar seats and benches up against the wall. The patio is definitely my favorite and we loved the furniture. It is also perfect for people watching as everyone funnels in to the casino right past it, though the seating area was very quiet. There are misters in the umbrellas and so we will definitely be back in the warmer months!!Drink wise, I picked a lime caipirinha and my husband went with the latin manhattan after a recommendation from our server. Drinks were brought out quickly and our server was very friendly and helpful with suggestions. We decided we were just going to have one drink and so our bill was brought right out and we were left to enjoy our time. We weren't rushed at all and so we were able to enjoy and sip slowly.We will definitely be back on future visits as this is quite a fun spot!
4	Great place to sit outside! Def recommend the mojito! So good and delicious. Slightly hot with the heat lamps but good place overall. Drinks are moderately priced.
3	My friend and I came here to kill time waiting for my family. Felt like taking a break at gambling so we decided to chill out here and smoke hookah.In order to use the hookah you have to order a drink. Not a problem for us. The atmosphere in rhumbar is nice and chill. It was cold out so they had heaters placed throughout the area to keep us nice and toasty. Nice selection of shisha and the worker came back periodically to check on us and our hookah in case we needed new coals or whatnot. Unlike some places we've been to where we won't see a worker until we're about to leave.
4	Always popping on a monday. And great live music as well. You can hookah here and have drinks. With an outside area as well. Will come nack
5	If you want to enjoy a fine cigar. This is a great spot. Great sport to watch sports and great spot afterdark. It is an indoor/outdoor bar.
