5	If  you like real Italian pastries and desserts, then you've got to try Nona's Sweets.  Their shop is located just off North Tryon, in the same shopping center as The Flying Saucer and Stool Pigeons.  In full disclosure the proprietors of Nona's are friends of the family, but that does not take away anything from the quality of the desserts they prepare fresh daily at Nona's.  See for yourself.  They make real Italian pastries and candies by hand... from scratch.  Nona's Sweets makes the best cannolies I've ever tasted.... ever.  The secret to their success...they make their cannoli shells fresh every day.  This means that Nona's Cannolies are always crisp and flaky with the right amount of crunch to temper the smooth creaminess of their delicious filling.  They also have some tasty cookies, cakes,hard candies and every other Italian dessert you could think of. In true Italian fashion,  Nona's  is a family owned shop, run by the grandmother (Nona)  with her daughter ,Mrs. Clemente, working right by her side.  Creating every Italian sweet and delicacy you could imagine.  If you are a transplant from the North, of Italian descent or just love great desserts, you have to try Nona's.
4	I love cupcakes and Nona's has some pretty good ones that it offers from it's little "cupcake bar". It has an array of cupcakes to choose from and a variety of icings that you can request to go on top. Each cupcake is iced with whatever flavor you want. The cupcakes are 2.50 each but they are made with real buttercream icing. Their chocolate buttercream icing doesn't have the chocolate taste that I prefer, but the other flavors are good. I think they also have some other ready made cupcakes that they sell for 1.50 ( I think these are made with a different icing) and I get those on occasion too depending on what they have that day. Both are good.
5	If you're looking for a bakery in Charlotte, you really have to do some digging.  Nona's Sweets is a great find.  One word of caution: They are moving.  It's just up the street, but if you are used to them in their current location, you'll need to look for them in the new place soon.  It's in the old Hollywood Video location.Anyway, Nona's is a great little bakery offering all sorts of items for your sweet tooth, including the aforementioned "cupcake bar".  I'm not much for cake, and prefer cookies, but luckily she has me covered there too.  Lots of cookies to choose from.  Feel free to go as wild as you like.And if you like to watch cake shows, she'll be on Platinum Weddings  in 2010.  January I think.
5	I have been scarfing down her delectables since I found her through a recommendation from an Italian restaurant ( Shout out to Angela's- who also happens to have a kick ass cannoli ! ) Someone there told me of such a place where I could buy almond paste cookies and pignoli cookies and sfogliatelle *light flaky pastry , that is filled with sort of an orange flavored ricotta cheese , excellent when warm* (which come in two sizes). Like a flash of lightening I was there and have joyfully been a return customer. I have had it all cookies, cakes, pastries, her homemade chocolate, something from the new cupcake bar, and even a stick of torrone! It's all good ! When I first started buying her cookies, which she sells literally PER cookie( not by the pound ) she has lowered her price! I was first paying about 95 cent per cookie (ouch) but the last time they were about 65 cent per cookie. Coming from the North ( right now is where the natives of Charlotte hear, blah blah blah blah blah blah ) I was use to purchasing cookies by the pound but as long as I get my favorites I'll spend. I love Nona. She is just as sweet as her treats! See you at the new location!
4	I love this place,everything I have had from here has been good, reminds me of the bakeries from the north.A friend of mine told me about the cupcakes here last year.so when I was pregnant,I would go every week trying different cupcakes with different icing until I had them all.Needless to say for my babyshower my best friend was threw me a shower and I told her I did not want a cake ,I wanted those cupcakes, and I talked about them so much that no one cared about me opening,but wanted thecupcakes.Any of my family or friends that come in town, I take them there and they love it!!
5	We have worked with Dominica on several occasions and love her. Excellent work and delicious confections. Definitely recommend them!
5	Nona's Sweets is something that I'd always wished this area had for a long time, but apparently have overlooked this gem before today.I bought a lot today & it all looks amazing.  I bought a cupcake (they let you "make your own" by picking from various cupcakes & frostings), some fudge & various other cookies.  I know people say it's pricey, but to be honest I got all of that for under $10 and it's made fresh.  I think when it comes to items of this nature, you get what you pay for and in this case you don't have to pay like you are at a Ghirardelli shop.The staff was very friendly and worked fast.  There was the slightest of waits, but it was well worth it as the lady helping me pick out a nice variety of items I wanted to try and items that she recommended.  I currently have tried the cupcake and it's amazing.  If I remember, I'll come back and give the lowdown on the rest of my bags of goodies.
3	I'm sure the problem is with me...I'm on a salty kick at present and really crave brie and oysters and fresh salsa and (as usual) pho.  I drove 30 minutes to this place.Nice, bright, modern interior. Friendly people. Beautifully laid out display of cookies and pastries and fudge and cakes.The people ahead of me were buying red velvet cupcakes (naked) and gettting them iced to go. They looked fabulous. **I tried a raspberry linzer torte, Italian wedding cookies, a gingerbread man (welll,  his foot and part of his head, courtesy of my daughter), and a cream puff filled with custard.I didn't expect to like the coffee better than the pastries, but I did. They were FINE, really. I'm sure most people would have been in love. Like I said, I'm sure it's me. It was just too sweet. Not going to drive that far, when I have a Fresh Market close at hand, and a Dean & Delucas within 10 minutes or so.**Edited to say:  I need to specify that the CUPCAKES were naked and looked fabulous, not the people. They were fully covered.
5	YUM!!!+++!!! this place AMAZING!!  Smells so good  I do not like sweets, but these white chocolate macadamia cookies are awesome...enough to put one in sugar shock tho.  The most tasty sweets I've ever put in my mouth.
4	My husband, Chad, took me to Nona's after lunch one day so I could get a cupcake.  To my amazement, they have a cupcake bar!  You can select a vanilla or chocolate cupcake and you have your choice of several different icing in which to choose.  I got a vanilla cupcake with orange flavored/colored icing.  It was a good cupcake, but the icing was a little too soft and messy.  It made for 'eating on the run' a little messy.They do have a great selection of chocolates, cupcakes, cookies, etc.
5	This bakery has the freshest, best tasting homemade cupcakes and cookies that I've ever had in my entire life. ..If you haven't been here you definitely need to make a special trip to do so ..Its well worth the the time, money and, drive.
4	Delicious! A great Italian bakery with all the great Italian favorites and other delicious goodies. I had the original cannoli (they have three flavors) and was immediately satisfied with my decision! The filling was amazing and the shell tasted very fresh. Everyone in our group was happy with their goodies! I only wish I would have gotten something to go! Even if you are already the patron of a local bakery, give Nona's a try because I guarantee you'll find treats you won't see in every bakery in town.
5	I am a person that rarely says is but OMG.... I was introduced to this place by my cousin that was like I have a secret that i would like to share with you and I'm so glad she did. While there i ordered a red velvet cup cake and was told that i had to ordered a slice of carrot cake to get the full experience. I felt that she was the pro at this so i didn't ask any questions, To be honest I could have done with out the red velvet cup cake because i was not a fan of it and being it the south my expectations where kinda high. On the other hand, the slice of carrot cake was like a party in my mouth that i was invited to. It was simply amazing it was so good and i had to go back and get more. I am not a fan of carrot cake but this is not just our average carrot cake, its out of this world, I think about to go get some now...
3	So Nona's has moved into a - much - larger location.  The place is pretty fancy looking and they even have a couple rooms off to the side where you can site and, well, do something.  Plan an event?  Feed your face?  Smear yourself with icing?  Okay, they probably aren't that private.  But you get the idea.The staff at Nona's is as friendly as ever.  Perhaps more so.  They are more than willing to help you find what you need and will go the extra mile.  Since everyone was wondering where to find a cannoli, I figured I'd try Nona's.  Unfortunately, they had just run out.One of the staffers offered to run in the back and make one up for me.  Now I have no illusions that they were making one from scratch or anything.  I'm sure that the shells were already made up, as was the filling, and they were just putting the two together.  But still, it's nice of them.Unfortunately, it wasn't that great.  Flavors not that bad, but for a fresh-filled cannoli,  you would expect more (or I did).  Similarly, the now-nearly-famous cupcake bar and even oversized cookies had good flavor, but they just had a not-so-fresh taste.  It's like everything had been sitting out for a day too long or something.
5	I had a cake made to order for my girlfriend's 40th birthday.  Nona's was wonderful in helping me decide on the design, selecting those special touches and delivering all as promised.  And guess what?  Not only was the cake gorgeous, it was absolutely the best tasting chocolate on chocolate I have ever tasted.  Was it pricey?  A little, but I'd order it again in a heart beat.  As a matter of fact...wish I had a slice right now!!
5	Nona's sweets was my first yummy find in Charlotte. Great chocolates,design your own cupcake and more. Wonderful place to grab dessert before dinner
4	I have a ridiculous sweet tooth and last week I had read an article about whoopie pies and decided I needed to try one immediately.  Nona's is down the street from work and I was planning on Panera for lunch anyway, so I stopped in.  I sort of wandered around staring at all the cases and tried to determine what I wanted to try.I went with a lemon square, a pumpkin pie bar, rainbow cookies, a traditional whoopie pie, an almond cupcake with almond frosting and some other cookies that I forgot the name of.The cupcake I ate after lunch and saved the rest to bring home.  It was light and moist and very fresh tasting, the frosting was definitely sweet and there was a lot of it.  All in all it was good and I felt it was like eating a glass of amaretto.  The rainbow cookies were good, whoopie pie was great and my sister said it tasted like a devil dog!  Lemon square was good at first but after sitting in the fridge a few days it got a funky taste.  Pumpkin pie bar was awesome.Came back again this week because I had a bad morning on Wed and decided I deserved a cupcake.  I decided to get one for my sis and some others to sample.  Pumpkin cupcake with cream cheese frosting was amazing!  It was denser then regular cupcakes but so moist I love it.  Red velvet was okay, but lemon was good.  I also tried the anise sprinkle cookies, they weren't great and I was disappointed because those are some of my favorite cookies.It's not really cheap, cookies are priced individually and cupcakes are $2.50 each but its delish so I will continue to pay for the yummy treats!
4	WOW. Googly eyes. Yes, I had googly eyes the second I stepped foot in Nona's Bakery. It was treat overload - fudge, truffles, Italian cookies, pastries, cakes, regular cookies, cupcakes, cannolis, oh my!Yes, Nona's has just about everything to put even the tamest treat fiend into a diabetic coma. The employees were really sweet (pardon the pun) and helped me choose just a few things to bring home...although I *may* have scarfed down a cupcake in the car. Just maybe. Here's what I purchased:St. John Cake: 3/5: A big ole cream puff stuffed with cannoli cream (w/chocolate chips). Well made, but a bit too saccharine-y sweet for me. I believe I paid $4.50 for this large puff. Cannoli: 4/5: It's a large, tasty cannoli! The shells are baked fresh daily and it's piped with classic cannoli cream & chocolate chips. My only gripe? Each cannoli is $4.50. That's pretty steep - even in comparison with another Charlotte bakery that makes fresh cannolis and only charges $2.95 each. Lemon cupcake with cream cheese icing: 4/5: Delicious. The lemon cupcake was moist and hosted the perfect amount of lemon. The nice baker behind the counter suggested cream cheese icing on top. The icing was tasty but I'd prefer more cream cheese and less sugar, if possible. Plus, there was SO much icing I had to hack off half of it so I could enjoy the taste of the combo. $2.50 per cupcake, iced upon order. Strawberry cupcake with strawberry icing: 5/5: My personal fave of the day. Again, the cupcake portion was delightful and paired with the strawberry icing, it was just lovely. This particular pairing wasn't as sweet as the lemon/cream cheese frosting combo, thus it was fabulous. It tasted like a strawberry shake reincarnated.Will I be back to Nona's?! Hell yeah...for a few Italian cookies and a slew of cupcakes.
4	All I have to say is OMG!!!! I've died and gone to sweet heaven. Everything is custom made. The price are a bit high, but I guess you get what you pay for. Nona's cakes are like pieces of art.  I'm so glad she's right around the corner from our house.
5	TASTY!!  This place rocks!!  I've driven past for months and never went in always thinking it was for "extreme" bakery needs like a wedding, well indeed they do cater to weddings but it's also perfect if you just want a lil treat for your sweet tooth!  They have everything you can possibly think of-cookies, fudge, cheesecake, and lots of other treats.  Prices are awesome and staff is super friendly!The best part of nona's i have to say is the cupcake bar.  they have all different kinds of cupcakes (strawberry is amazing) and various icings with all the toppings you can think of.  You can design your own cupcake which is lots of fun and its perfect if you want to take a lil gift to a friend but are trying to keep in cheap, sweet, & simple :)would i go back...already have several times & plan to pick up some treats for v-day!!my 1st review- hope you enjoy!
4	Holy sweet tooth!! Nona's has pretty much anything to satisfy that sugary craving! They have a variety of custom made cakes that cater to any event. They also sell individual sweets which is awesome, because I was always under the impression that Nona's was just for ordering cakes! Italian desserts are top notch here, cannoli's, rainbow layered cookies (my absolute favorite), leaf cookies, raspberry filled chocolate cookies, and much more! And to make this place even better, there's a cupcake bar. You can choose from several different cupcake flavors such as chocolate, vanilla, strawberry, lemon, and custom creations like passion fruit, butterfinger crunch, and more! You then get to choose what kind of icing you'd like, along with any toppings like sprinkles! The cupcakes start at 2.50 and I believe its a great easy treat to get you through the day! I'm so glad that I finally stopped in this bakery, and now I can't seem to stay away!! :)
5	WOW this place is amazing!  Some of the best Italian pastries I've had south of Philadelphia.  The cannolis and baklava are amazing and the staff was very friendly and made excellent suggestions.  I wish they had a store in south Charlotte- HINT HINT.
4	Despite it's non-quaint location (next to a Panda Express off of Tryon Street in the University area!!!), this place is a must-visit.  It's the real deal, and reminds me a ton of the Italian pastry shops I ADORED when I lived in Connecticut (Luciabello's and Libby's).  Based on everything I sampled during my visit, I can tell that Nona's places great emphasis on freshness. The cupcakes are all made to order.  I sampled a strawberry/strawberry combo, and the cake was light and fluffy as was the ever-important icing--not that nasty whipped cream icing you get on grocery store cakes but like an air-whipped buttercream.  Very good. I also tried a Napoleon, which had cake rather than wafers for the layers.  It could have been a soggy disaster, but, instead, it was heavenly; the pastry cream inside should probably be patented because it is some of the best I've ever had.  Having read good reviews about them, I also gave a few cookies a try. While good, I didn't find them to be at same level of the cupcake/napoleon. While the Pignoli cookie (almond-flavored with pinenuts) was delicious, the coconut macaroon and lemon cookie were less impressive.  I was disappointed that they didn't have the sfogliatelle there the morning I visited since I had read so much about it--for another day!Although the sweets were quite good, the prices were not.  I found Nona's to be too expensive, in general. The non-noteworthy small cup of coffee I had was $2.50 (crazy) and each tiny cookie was $.60. If the store were in some beautiful locale, I could maybe understand the mark-up, but not next to a gross Chinese fastfood joint in a stripmall on ugly Tryon Street.  So, because of the price, I am only giving Nona's 4 stars.  That said, while I was there, the very sweet ladies who work there were helping another customer purchase a birthday cake that would work within her budget. I thought it was pretty cool of them to obviously go out of their way to make sure that everyone can find a way to have some deliciousness at their parties.  So, all in all, I think this place is pretty swell.
3	I saw this driving today and thought "Oh! I have heard of this place!". If I wasn't on Yelp, I might not have stopped - it's a large space that's connected to a fast food Chinese place with an awkward to enter parking lot. Upon parking, I had to laugh @ the sign in the window: "Going Doughnuts All Day Long!"The girl behind the counter met us with a great attitude - welcoming, available to help and answer any questions. She was great. Taking a look around the cases, I saw alot of fun treats but the prices were shocking. A small cannoli set me back $2.50 and while it was good, it was not great and since it was only 3 bites, that's a bad bite to dollar ratio in my book. Lots of St Pats cookies in effect today, I really liked the fact that they had a lot of different specialty cakes on sale with their prices in full view (I do have a pet peeve for hidden prices on baked items since they're so crucial they're fresh!).During my trip, I also walked away with a small lemon butter cookie for $1.50 and it was ok - nothing to really elaborate on but it was pretty!Would I go back? No, but if you're looking for a place for a nice assortment of sweets in the University area, I think this might be the only option and it is quality - just expect to pay for it!
4	I've only tried their cupcakes. I got the strawberry icing/ strawberry cake, and the same combo for lemon. Both very delicious, not too sugary, but I wouldn't mind if it was either!The staff is very friendly and chatted me up as I tried to decide which flavor to try. I will definitely be back in the future to sample all the other sweets they have available.My friend was astonished that I spent almost $8 on 3 cupcakes. What can I say, I'm from NY. Depending on where you go, that may only buy 2!
2	The cookies and pastries are yummy.  However, if you want to feel appreciated for spending your hard earned money, don't bother.  On two occasions I've visited and the one time I called to place an order, I felt the staff was rude and unhelpful.  When I called to inquire if they had a cookie listed on their website (because the website said to call) I was treated like an idiot for even asking. When I asked if I could order the cookie, I was left on hold for a while, then told no, they didn't want to make it.  A business that isn't interested in making a 4 doz cookie order?  In this economy?? A simple lemon cookie.  Oh well, they won't get another chance to be rude to me.
4	I grew up with bakeries all around me; so, it has been nice to find something that reminds me of all of those baked childhood goodies I enjoyed so much. Nona's has a wide array of cookies, cakes, candies, and other select baked goods.  I have not had a poorly made item from their bakery yet - and I visit frequently.  I have found the quality to be very high.  Aside from the hand made chocolates, my favorite thing to get is the Bravarian cream filled eclair.  They are light, yet rich, and have a texture that makes everything come together perfectly.Other pluses include the pleasant staff and the fact that this is not a massive chain.  This place is family owned and run and I think that is a good thing.If I were to improve one thing, it would only be the cafe area they have added.  I think the idea is great:  stay and have a coffee or cocoa while you have some goodies.  But it needs to be less cafeteria like and more cozy and inviting.Keep up the good work Nona!
5	Excellent sweets!  Had the vanilla cupcake with almond frosting (hint of cherry) and the carrot with cream cheese frosting.  Both were moist and baked to perfection!  A bit pricey but totally worth it!  Will be back :)
4	This was my first stop at Nona's Sweets.  The smell draws you in from the front of the establishment.  What a wonderful, welcoming scent on a busy Saturday afternoon!  My most pleasurable item was the vanilla cookies ($.60).  I figured I wouldn't do too much damage to my body with these.  If you are up for a delightful experience regardless of the calories, you can select from a variety of fudge, specialty cupcake flavors with your choice of icing, a large variety of cookies, and of course, cheese cake, and cakes galore!  There was a customer in the store who was oohing and ahhing over her cupcake!  You can't go wrong at Nona's if your sweet tooth needs a little sugar!
1	My husband got my birthday cake from Nona's this year.  It was leaning to one side, and the frosting was so nasty tasting, that he scraped it all off and used some that a friend of our's had made when she was visiting!  There was no way that is was home-made!   The cake was $25 bucks and then they charged him $10 bucks to write Happy birhday on it!  We will never be back!
4	In the world of Food Network specials and Cupcake War like shows... Nona's Bakery provides a much needed treat site to the University Area.  I stepped in here the other day and the aroma of all the baked treats was a treat in-itself.  The space itself is rather large and I didn't know they were set up to do special event planning and catering.  There's even a new (well-new to me) cupcake bar.Surprised by the variety of what they offer... literally a "candy store" of baked treats.  One could definitely go horribly astray from their diets if you go here.I did notice someone picking up a special cake.  It was a odd shaped cake (looked like a toothpaste tube) but it must have been an inside joke or something.  Guess my point is that you can probably custom order a cake from here to cater to any event you are planning.I think my next "event" will have a treat or 500 from Nona's, but for now... I can only enjoy the free smells that the bakery offers!
5	When you go to Nona's you will never want to go any where else again! Nona's Sweets has the most delectable cupcakes in the world...not to mention the entire town of Charlotte, NC. We have had the pleasure of trying all the cupcake flavors, as well as, the frosting choices. We have found each and every cupcake moist, flavorful and so tasty we find ourselves ordering two a piece! My wife says their baking reminds her of her childhood in the Northeast. The custom cakes are as exquisite to look at as they are to ones palate.
4	Superior Service! !!! Three of the Staff waited on me (see my photos and it will make more sense).  Everything I ordered I ate at Nona's!  At least six of the staff spoke to me.  Everyone was very friendly, seemed to be delighted to be there and was ready to talk about what they make!Today after having lunch (down the street) I stopped here for Dessert... yelp star ratings follow each item: Chocolate Chip Butter Cookies (this one wins) great flavor that snuck up on me 4.25 stars.  Better than it looks and it looks good!  Alright... Now hold the review - I could have walked in this place today (it was my first visit) and ordered six of these Chocolate Chip Butter Cookies and written my 4 yelp star review, not knowing how anything else tasted!  My four star rating is based on these cookies and maybe that I know how GREAT the staff will treat you when you visit!  The Staff gets 5 yelp stars 100% like I'm in Stepford, but better!  Usually I do not mind how the service is and would rather be amazed by what I'm buying!I consumed Five Flavors of Fudge: The Divinity gets 3 yelp stars.  Penuchi (which has a maple flavor) 3.5 stars.  Chocolate 3.5 stars.  Peanut-butter 4 stars.  Peanut-butter and Chocolate 4.25 stars.  Espresso Shortbread, disappointing though still good 3.5 stars.  Chocolate Dipped Brandy Flavored Marzipan Truffle, disappointing and still good just not great 3.2 stars.  Vanilla Butter cream dipped in milk Chocolate 2.5 stars.  Raspberry jelly dipped in Dark Chocolate 3 stars.  The Cupcake was from their "Naked Cupcake Bar" Great Idea!  You chose the Cake then you chose the Icing!  I chose Chocolate Cake 4 yelp stars and Chocolate Icing.  I'm not sure about the Icing???  Too me it seemed "too lite" not FAT enough, not Rich enough, not HEAVY enough... It was Called Butter Cream so I'm expecting a Heart Attack in the parking lot if I eat more than one (I only ate one because I'm eating another lunch right after leaving here)!"Papa's Eats at Nona's Sweets" is the menu for the other food, the FOOD food at Nona's.  You can order: Ciabatta Panini's, Croissant Sandwiches, Quiche, Chicken Salad, Tuna Salad, Lettuce Salad and Breakfast foods like: Pancakes, Waffles, Strudel French Toast, Banana French Toast (or Waffle) and more.
5	To Dominica and her crew:Last month, I purchased a birthday cake for my boyfriend's Surprise 40th Birthday Party.  I decided to go with tuxedo (half vanilla/half chocolate) with vanilla butter cream frosting. Not only was your staff so friendly and helpful, but your cake was unbelievable!  It was prepared on time with no hiccups, very fresh and moist, and the icing was the perfect amount of sweet.  Everyone immediately asked where it came from and if they could take some leftovers home. Of course we told them Nona's!I just want to let you know that I was raised in Charlotte and have never had a cake in this city that tasted so good.  I will be back very soon and cannot wait to refer more friends.  Thank you so very much!
5	I'll just start with saying that I traveled 100% for work last year & stopped at MANY cupcake establishments & Nona's is in my top 2!I'll also say, that I haven't tried anything other than their cupcakes - because you know when you find something that is INCREDIBLE, you don't want to go away from it, in fear you'll be disappointed with your new choice? Yeah, that's how I feel about their cupcakes, although I don't doubt their baking abilities on other sweets by any means.The cake to frosting ratio is PERFECT & the "weight" of both the cake & the frosting are perfect as well. I like the fact that you can choose your cake/frosting flavor, toppings, etc. I have tried several of their flavors & have never been disappointed. I'm a chocolate cake & vanilla frosting kind of girl & when I'm craving one - I don't think twice about where to go to get my cupcake fix!And if you're curious about my #1 cupcake place - it's a new chain based out of the Kansas City area - closest one to Charlotte is in Atlanta. :) But seriously - it's a close call between the two.
5	I love this place!!! The apple fritters are awesome.
4	Ahh my sweet sweet Nona's.  I was introduced to this bakery shortly after moving here and have become legitimately addicted to their signature buttercream frosting.  So much so I've tried to duplicate it at home with absolutely NO success.  The cupcake bar is one of my favorite features of this bakery, and they are always experimenting with new flavors of cake and icing in addition to their basic staple flavors.  You can get a frequent customer card for each time you buy a 6 or 8 inch cake, and when you buy 6 cakes you get one free.  I've had a few other pastries there and they were all delicious also.  I've yet to try anything from their cafe menu, but if it's half as good as their pastries, I'm sure I will love it.The staff is great and very friendly.  One girl seems kind of phony, and I swear every time I go in there the same guy waits on me EVERY TIME.  I think he thinks I have a problem.  But I don't care.  That icing is worth it.
2	$2.75 for a cupcake??? It's NOT that good.  Maybe if they are using Organic Flour and Organic Sugar.  Nona's is a FAR cry from the best damn bakery on earth (Dick's Bakery of Berea, OH).  I bought cookies ($30.00 worth) to bring to a team meeting with some folks from Providence, RI. Boy, was I embarrassed. They tasted sort of "old" and dry.  Thing is...WHENEVER I go to Prov they always, always treat me to fresh baked cookies that are outta this world and now I have this shame to carry around with me. I wish I had tried them first. May just been better off going to Harris Teeter.
5	Mix and match cupcakes and frostings?  Yes, please!!!  Everything I've had from Nona's has been incredible.  Their cupcakes are always moist and flavorful and never seem like they were baked days in advance like you get at some bakeries.  The frostings are sweet and creamy and have the perfect texture on top of the cupcakes.  This is hands down a 5-star bakery.
5	When you ask a lot of people in Charlotte about a bakery your likely to find out about Amelie's, but that is just because they don't know about Nona's (Nona is Amelie's cuter younger sister, who can cook better). I haven't been recently because I moved away from the area, but I used to get something new for a weekly dinner party's dessert every week. Every week it was masterpiece after masterpiece. Cakes, Tiramisu, Conolis, and holiday themed desserts when the season called for it. On a cold day I would bundle up and get some coacoa and a napoleon and have a chat with a friend. After I had been patronizing them weekly for about a year, I started calling in my orders so I could pick them up on my way home from work. I don't know if this was something that they just did for me or if it was a service that they offered, but I was appreciative of it and it was very convenient. It was the biggest thing I missed after I moved.
3	Yelped this while I was in the area and saw it had good reviews and wanted to check it out.  It's definitely a cute bakery and I like the concept they have of a cupcake bar where you can mix and match cakes and frostings to make your own flavor.  Some of the prices seemed a bit high for what they were (slices of cake around $5-$6), but they all looked yummy.  The staff was really friendly as well.  I got a chocolate cheesecake doughnut and a raspberry filled cookie and I ate them up super quickly.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to come here, but wouldn't mind going if I was in the area.  It doesn't seem like a destination spot like Amelie's in NoDa where you get more of an ambiance if you stick around to eat your desserts.
