5	Wayne is originally from Maui Hawaii, so when it comes to good seafood, he knows what he's doing.  The great thing about Wayne's is that if I miss sushi while vacationing in LV, I just go here!  He offers a fusion of sushi...with Japanese and local Hawaiian flavors.  I tried a sushi roll that had a yummy jalapeno sauce on top - woo! it was tasty and made my mouth water.  He has a ogo (seaweed) dish with secret family seasonings that is just ono (delicious)!  If you tell him you're from Hawaii (and specifically where), he'll whip up a free pupu for you! chee hoo!
5	My buddy Scottie took me and my friends here for a late dinner. I must say this place has great sushi. I ordered sushi rolls - "What Brah Beef?", "Lost Wages", and the "Air Roll". From the moment I bit into these rolls, I was really impressed. The Lost Wages roll made me react with ooooh's and ahhhh's. It felt like the sushi was melting in my mouth. As for the staff, they were great. Wayne was very inviting and entertaining. I would definitely visit this place again when I am in Vegas.
5	I read the review written by Lito and decided to check it out.  As I drove down Sahara passing all the "Stripper" boutique shops I wondered how well this place would really be. I sat at the sushi bar and as soon as Wayne greeted my friends and I, I knew right away we were in for an entertaining night.  His spirit of Aloha was so inviting and his jokes made me feel like I was hanging out with family.  Once you read his menu, you already get a sense of his humor.  To give you an idea, "What Brah, Beef?" was an eye catcher, especially with a description of "topped with tenderloin". Rolls like the "Air Roll" listed at Market Price should be the first thing to order. Be sure to really savor and enjoy your first bite.  His Ogo (Seaweed salad) was so fresh and tasty.  He even graciously honored our request for Poke.Go with friends, enjoy some Sake with him and his staff and stay for Karaoke.  Don't be turned off by the area or the fact that it's inside a Korean restaurant.
5	I describe the food at Wayne's Sushi as a Hawaiian fusion style of Japanese Sushi and Specialty Rolls.  The specialty rolls are served with delicious secret sauces that were developed by Chef Wayne, which he hopes to bottle and market to other sushi bars.The menu page is hard to read, so I suggests you open up the PDF version from the link directly above the menu.Some of my favorite menu items are:Da Buggah Ono - a tempura battered and fried roll that contains no rice.Baked Oysters - with Chef Wayne's tried and true combination of yummy ingredients baked in the oven until perfection.Cajun Ahi Salad - this is one of the regular's favorite.Brian & Marsha, Marsha, Marsha - hard to say and make, but oh so ono to eat.Miso Butterfish (Black Cod) - can't go wrong with this appetizer.Death Roll - it is tastier than washing your mouth out with soap, but just as effective. Milk not included.Baked Garlic Shrimp Handroll - some order this as a "dessert" to finish off the meal.Off the menu special worth inquiring about:Wayne's Baked Lobster TailViagra Shooter - sake shooter with special combo of male performance ingredientsChef Wayne's Karaoke - personal performance after enough sake shots or cajoling from customers.Atmosphere of the restaurant is friendly and ideal for those craving good sushi and the need to express yourself through karaoke singing.
4	Wayne did an awesome job on the Air roll.  I had a good time chatting with Wayne and his wife while I enjoyed his tasty unique sushi.  I highly recommend it.
5	I think Wayne's is probably the only sushi restaurant I go to religiously, since moving to Vegas about 18 months ago.  Coming from the Bay Area, there is a plethora of sushi spots to choose from.  Wayne serves up some great signature rolls like What Brah Beef, Da Buggah Ono and the Crispy Critter (even though my personal fave is simply a salmon skin roll - that's my comfort food, like fried chicken, yo...).  The best thing about Wayne's though is the family atmosphere Wayne, his wife Heidi, his son Jesse and Jesse's girlfriend Sam provide when you are there.  I go there at least once a week, sometimes twice, sometimes more when my friends and family are in town.  The place is a hit for all the people I have taken there.If you're tired of the same old Strip Sushi restaurants serving up pricey rolls with no taste and character - go off the beaten path and hit up Wayne's Sushi - you won't be disappointed...Oh yeah, make sure to order the Air Roll, it's really good, hehe...
5	Was looking for a good "Off the Strip" place to take some business associates for sushi.  We rolled up and I was a little discouraged to see no cars in the parking lot (it was pretty early) and that Wayne's Sushi was kind of a 'side restaurant' for a larger Korean joint.  Oh well, we went in anyway.From that moment on, all doubts were removed!  Wayne greeted us and since his servers weren't there yet, he acted as our host, server and sushi chef!  I figured we were going for sushi, but didn't bank on the fact we were getting dinner AND A SHOW!    Wayne is funny as hell and was bantering back and forth with us the entire time.  He sang karaoke, told jokes and most importantly, MADE AWESOME SUSHI!  This place isn't nearly as glitzy as the casino sushi joints with the big names...but that suited me just fine.  The sushi was wonderful, the service even better!  I loved the Hawaiian take Wayne has on his rolls.  I tried urchin for the first time and although I wasn't a fan, it wasn't for lack of trying on Wayne's part.  If you are in Vegas and want good sushi as well as a fun time (for half the price as the sushi bars on the Strip), head on over to Wayne's.  Oh yeah, and make sure you ask for the house specialty...The Air Roll!  Thanks for a fun time Wayne!  I'll def. see you again next time I'm in Sin City!
5	What an amazing experience we had today at Wayne's Sushi Bar, and I have Yelp to thank for it (and Wayne's amazing sushi of course). Craving a bit of sushi before hitting the road back to L.A. from a few days in Vegas, I "Yelped" sushi spots in the area on the old iPhone, and was instantly curious by this sushi bar that got nothing but high marks. So I called to make sure they were open for lunch, and Wayne answered and said they'd be closing in ten minutes, but to come on in anyway. That was just a sneak peak of the Aloha spirit that was to come (Wayne is from Hawaii, and reminded me of why I love the islands and the people of the islands so much. Aside from amazing sushi roll creations of his own, and Wayne's incredible sauce inventions, he himself was a gem. The atmosphere is warm, and you feel like you're at home with an old friend.  He even gave us Cokes for the road trip back to L.A.. What a great guy.  If you're in Vegas, or visiting, don't miss the chance to experience this spot for it's food, and for the person it's named after and by!
5	The adventure I had just to get to this little restaurant introduced what was to be a culinary taste experience extremely well. The restaurant is located at the address provided and when google maps says a quick right...it is a REALLY quick right. When you see the sign Shilla Korean BBQ and Sushi...(or something of that sort...can't really remember) you're at the right place. Just go in and it'll be on your left hand side. As a self-proclaimed sushi aficionado, the sub-par quality of the sashimi would be the only reason I may have given this restaurant a 4.5 but the factors that I will describe next, mainly the company and the rolls, make up for missing .5. Wayne and his wife Heidi are amazing people and show a passion for what they do. Wayne has a knack for combining different flavor components and ingredients to make some of the most unique rolls I have ever tasted and essentially created a party in my mouth (just fyi, I would NOT say something like that lightly). He makes many of his own sauces as well, all of which complements the flavors of his rolls.It is this place that made me get a yelp account because I fully support Wayne's endeavors and wanted to strongly encourage people to enjoy the taste experience that I enjoyed with his various rolls. The one's I enjoyed from his menu:- Shiso Horni- What Brah Beef- Wayne Bo Roll- Lost WagesUnfortunately...by this time, I was full. But definitely, the next time I'm in Vegas, looking for a restaurant that serves a decently priced menu, Wayne's Sushi Bar is where I'm heading and my goal is to try every single roll on the menu!
5	First time visiting from S.F. Small but nice place. Everyone is friendly and Wayne is a cool. He does everything. The menu is great and the sushi off the hook. Ahi Poke is just like back in Honolulu. I also had Salmon sashimi, really fresh stuff. Hey Wayne, Mahalo braa.
5	Definitely the place to go for those who are weary of Vegas Strip scene and prices and just want some good sushi rolls.  Wayne and his wife run this small, simple restaurant.  They are friendly, easy to talk to, overall very nice people.  Mo S below gives good instructions on how to get there.  Come armed with the number for a taxi or be prepared to walk across the street to the Palace Station to hail a cab back to the Strip, if that's where you are headed.Wayne has a good selection of mainstream-type rolls and original creations.  Everything he made for us was excellent.  I liked the Where's the Beef Brah the best.Bottom line on Wayne's:  The kind of sushi bar you wish you had in your hometown.
5	Wayne's Sushi Bar cleverly blends traditional Japanese flavors with Hawaiian cuisine, and makes me homesick (in a good way) for Maui every time I have the privilege of eating there.Try the sushi rolls 'Da Buggah Ono' and 'What Brah, Like Beef?' as well as the calamari salad, featuring Wayne's homemade dressing. And the raw softshell crab is crazy-good! For the spice-loving adventurous types, the Death Roll is worth a try, but don't say we didn't warn you!If you like karaoke, this is definitely your scene. They have a wide selection of songs, and Wayne sometimes serenades you with a Lionel Ritchie number while plating your food.Service is excellent, as Wayne and Heidi have been in the service industry for over 25 years. If you bat your eyelashes, they just might sing a duet that will knock your socks off...See you guys again in March! Ready for some baked oysters :)
4	I had the best sushi roll in my life at Wayne's Sushi Bar.  What Brah, Beef? was amazing! Seriously, who ever even thought about putting beef tenderloin on a sushi roll?  Don't doubt the combination, Wayne is a flavor genius.Wayne and his wife Heidi are just good people but the problem is that there are only 2 of them. If you are patient and aren't too hungry, Wayne will make you some of the best sushi you've ever had.  But, if you're in a time crunch, this is not the place for you.  Like other Yelpers have said, Wayne's style is fusion sushi rolls. Usually, I avoid "fusion" foods like the plague BUT when fusion is done right, it is fabulous. Most of the other customers seemed like regulars and they contributed to the homey atmosphere.  One of the customers was celebrating her birthday and even passed around slices of cake to everyone in the restaurant.
5	Holy Mac a Noly!!!!  I'm afraid to tell anyone about this because I don't want to have to wait for a table next time I go but it is a true paradise off from the strip!! Heidi met us at the door and made me feel like I was back on Maui and feeling the island hospitality.  She treated my girls like they were one of her own grand kids.Anyway let me get to the food!!!!! The sushi was the freshest and melted in our mouths.  We had the Hamachi Jalapeno, the Cajun Ahi and the death roll.  Be careful with the death roll and they will warn you about it too.  My husband had tears in his eyes when he ate it and it was made at the least spiciness.  The Cajun Ahi is a salad that has Wayne's homemade dressing on it that is to die for. The kids had a Crispy Critter and the Itsy Bitsy Spider.  They both enjoyed them.I highly recommend this place.  Our anniversary is in September and I told my husband he has to fly me there for our anniversary dinner and nothing else will do!!!!!
3	This restaurant consists of a funky single room that is located in Shilla BBQ on Sahara next to the Palace Station, and is run full time by a sociable Hawaiian man named Wayne. I'm sure the place has a regular following, as it is impossible not to make friends with Wayne while you're there, as well as any other customers that come through the door. He is truly hospitable, and you can tell that he loves what he does. His website is worth going to for laughs ("the friends" page is my favorite) and you'll learn there that the restaurant doubles as a karaoke bar, whenever a customer feels like singing. We were offered the option but respectfully refused, as we were not having sake at one in the afternoon. Wayne also takes requests, if you feel like watching a singing chef.As soon as we sat down he brought us a little dish that had his own version of sunomono (pickled cucumber salad) as well as pickled bean sprouts. Both had great flavor and a touch of heat, but I just fell in love with the interesting sprouts. Though we were sitting at a table, we shouted our order to him over the bar, starting with the Cajun Ahi Salad (it's a one man show and the place is tiny). This addictive dish ($14) consists of Cajun rubbed ahi slices beneath a bed of mixed field greens and onion slices, and is dressed in Wayne's Ninth Island Asian Caucasian dressing. Though it was slightly overdressed and a bit pricey, the flavor was terrific and I loved the addition of crunchy cashews. We had a hard time choosing which rolls to get, but after much deliberation and instruction from Wayne (he told Audrey not to get the one she wanted - weird since they're all his creations) we settled on the Da Buggah Ono ($8, eel, jalapeno, crab, cream cheese and asparagus prepared tempura style with no rice) and the Mikey Mikey ($14, soft shell crab, shrimp tempura, and spicy tuna topped with spicy crab, avocado, and ahi). The former had great flavor but the tempura got too soggy from the muddy colored sauce and the latter was tasty, but very filling and similar to what you can get at other sushi places. Mikey, after whom the roll was named, was sitting at the sushi bar so I suppose we were sort of forced into getting that one. I have to say that I prefer the rolls at Sushi Fever, but I'd like to give some others on the menu here a shot.We also had the black cod, or miso butter fish, appetizer ($8) and a side of chilled asparagus with Sum Young Gai sauce ($4). The fish was really flavorful (true to his slogan, "it's all about the flavor") but was previously frozen so the texture wasn't ideal (I much prefer the Black Cod Soy at Sen of Japan on Durango and Desert Inn). The asparagus was light, refreshing, and perfectly cooked, and went well with the creamy sauce. Then, as if we needed more food, he brought us complimentary baked oysters, which was generous (I should mention there were three of us so you don't think I'm a total pig). These were really unhealthy as they were baked with creamed spinach and topped with spicy mayo, but looked beautiful and were delicious.Unfortunately, I didn't get to try any sashimi, which is the best indicator of quality at a sushi place. I don't feel I can give a complete evaluation on account of this, but I was intrigued and entertained enough to go back so I will keep you posted as to what else I try and how it stacks up.
4	Went there with the family during spring break vacation. Wayne is very nice guy and he make very good sushi. Kids ordered "Lost Wages" and they love it. I just tell Wayne Nigiri and he just made assorted Nigiri for me. Some are his own version. I am glad we went there tonight.
5	The best SUSHI I've EVER had in my life. Wayne and Heidi make you feel like old friends or family! The restaurant is small, but cozy. Where else in Vegas can you eat sushi and sing karaoke from the comfort of your seat?! Let's get into the important stuff, the sushi. So fresh! And Wayne makes all of his own sauces from scratch!The baked garlic shrimp handroll melted in my mouth!What Brah, Beef was great! Sushi with Beef. Incredible! Inventive.Bryan and Marsha, Marsha, Marsh roll was delicious!They are closed on Mondays, but definitely try to make it here! You will not be disappointed! This place is pure Aloha!
5	Vegas is known for it's off-strip chain restaurants, or over-the-top-glitzy on-strip places. For a local, this can get disheartening and exhausting. A friend suggested that a group of us go to Wayne's Sushi Bar.  Huhhh?  Wayne's Sushi Bar?  This place does not even have a sign out front, but is within the building of the Shilla BBQ (korean) on Sahara near the Palace Station. The second I walked in to this tiny, right-out-of-Gilligan's Island place, which seats no more than 20 total, I was totally endeared as Wayne greeted me from behind the sushi bar with, "Hi! What's your name?" As my party arrived, he and his wife, Heidi, spoiled us with their unique sushi style and even indulged us in a game of "Sushi Roulette"!  As the dinner continued, I noted the 3 TV screens light up with Karoke lyrics as the song books began to be passed around.  Sushi and Karaoke all rolled into one delicious maki-roll?  Gasp. Both Heidi and Wayne have amazing voices and seranaded the guests in-between service.  Microphones were passed around the tables and singers didn't even get up, which led to a sing-a-long type of experience.  It was a blast!If you are looking for a unique, warm, inviting, delicious and fun "non-Vegassy" experience, please find this place.  I'm going again soon!
5	Best sushi dinner I've ever had, and all that implies. I live in the south bay area of San Francisco, and I've had a lot of delicious sushi. Never, though, have I ever had as much fun or as comfortable a dining experience as I did at Wayne's. The reviews on Yelp helped me make the decision to make my younger sister's birthday dinner reservation here for her 21st birthday on our weekend in Vegas and I'm so happy I did. Don't get me wrong, all the restaurants and bars on the strip are great, but they are what they are. This is a tiny, intimate restaurant/karaoke bar that isn't overrun with bar-hoppers and clubbers, but instead full of families, all of which are well-acquainted.The party seated next to us was a couple (and friends) that met Wayne during a previous trip to Vegas and welcomed us like we' were old family friends. Naturally, we sang a few songs together.When we got there on Saturday night (a little late), they seated us as quickly as they could ("We'll kick some people out!"), and asked each of us for our names, and the rest of the night was as easy as a conversation with your best friend. We all sang karaoke, and Wayne's got pipes. His lovely wife Heidi treated us to a few songs as well!My party and I had 4 or 5 bottles of Sake, as many Sapporos, the black cod (incredibly buttery and rich), and a bunch (like 5 or 6) of other rolls I forgot about but were delicious, and our bill barely topped $100. I couldn't believe it!This was, by far, the best ever dining experience I've had, and I'm pretty sure I can say the same for my party members.
4	Came here on the recommendation of Yelpers and it was a great place to grab dinner! I'm here on business a lot and always looking for things that aren't on The Strip and more for locals, and glad that I did come here.It is just to the left when you walk inside Shilla BBQ, and a nice little tucked away area that does make you feel almost as if you are in someone's kitchen at home. The atmosphere was pleasant and both Wayne and his wife Heidi were busily working away. Had a beer, a couple of rolls which were large and delicious. Ate way too much, but it was one of those 'feel good' stuffed feelings.I will visit here again!
5	My favorite sushi place in a city full of them. The maguro, ebi, kani, and tamago are excellent! You won't find beef tenderloin on any other sushi menu!And Wayne and his wife are fantastic hosts!
5	Dooope.  Best sushi I've had in Vegas, maybe best ever period.Absolutely loved the ahi poke and the salmon roll with little lemon slices on top. Amazing.Best of all, Wayne busted out some karaoke near the end of the night and has a shockingly good voice - a pure tenor.  Plus, he came to our table and took some drinks of sake with us, on the house.  Really awesome place.
5	Definitely a hidden treasure & well worth a visit. Wayne hails from the islands of Hawaii so he definitely knows how to make you feel at home with the "aloha spirit" he and his wife provide. Highly recommended to anybody that needs to fill a sushi craving! He's got a great, and creatively named, selection of rolls. "Da Buggah Ono" is so just what the name states, ONO (aka delicious, for the non-hawaiians). You will NOT be disappointed here! As a disclaimer, though, just as a previous yelper mentioned, if you are looking to get in & get out, this is not the place for you. He is practically a one man show! I definitely would add another star for that alone, but 5 will have to do.
5	Read about this place on Yelp and liked the reviews.  I was hoping it was actually going to be as good (and fun) as it sounded, but didn't want to get my expectations up...happy to say the night far surpassed any expectations I had.The whole night had an "After Hours" or "Hangover" feel to it - it was surreal.  You walk into a basically empty Korean BBQ joint (Shillas) and turn left into a local Hawaiian restaurant, with Wayne behind the counter immediately asking your name and cracking jokes.  (me: "Wayne, this sushi is excellent!" Wayne: "Yeah, it'd be better if it was fresh." haha)Wayne's wife Heidi is bustling around getting drinks and making sure you feel welcome, laughing with all the customers,  while Wayne makes our order (Wayne: "Great, you're giving me all the hard stuff to make!")Just like the reviews, Wayne made a point of asking our names and talking to us like we were old friends.  He kept us entertained - I seriously laughed just as hard as I had the night before at a comedy club - and he busted out the karaoke microphones and insisted we sing - he would NOT let us leave w/o singing!  (he told us he would charge us an add'l $20 if we didn't sing.)The crowd was varied - some West Coast Chopper types, an old asian woman with her son, a young couple with a baby - the gamut - all equally welcomed and laughed with.And the FOOD...delicious.  Fresh.  Unique.  Wayne flies seaweed in from Hawaii and gives it a special marinade, it was delicious.  Likewise with the tobiko, he has a special treatment of that, soaks it in sake, to get the salt out = delicious.  I loved my Mikey Mikey roll (spicy tuna, softshell crab, shrimp tempura with avocado and salmon) = amazing.There were 3 of us and we each said that we would be back every time we come to Vegas.  I only hope that the Korean BBQ place can stay in business so Wayne has a location!
5	Best sushi experience ever! You will not be disappointed! My boyfriend and I were craving sushi and we just happened to see the sign in the window. Wayne was welcoming, nice, friendly, and all that other good stuff. We would talk as if we knew each other for years! I forgot what my boyfriend ordered but it had Sum Young Guy Sauce on it. I had the Wayne Bo Roll :] I love the names he gives his dishes! They were one of the best sushi dishes I've ever had. At the end, Wayne also gave us a free spicy imitation crab meat hand roll. I'm not a big fan of spicy, but this was the best hand roll I've had. The prices weren't overpriced. I mean, it's sushi and you're in Vegas. For the quality of food and the great atmosphere, it'll be well worth your money. I'm heading back to Vegas in August and Wayne's Sushi is definitely one of my stops!
4	Wow Ono sushi in Vegas! I would have never thought of finding such a good sushi place in Vegas. We now live in the SF Bay Area and have plenty of choices for good sushi, but to find such a great place in Vegas is amazing! Some of the best sushi I have had. Wayne has such a passion for good quality food. Nice original sushi rolls. Miso Yaki Butter fish is a must get. As good as Roy's at a fraction of the price. The Mikey Mikey roll is Ono. And then the service is excellent. What great Aloha spirit. Glad to see the Aloha is alive and well in Vegas. Mahalo Wayne for the great food. We can not wait to come back and grind at your place again. Shootz!
4	What can I say, the friendly sassy over the top people running this place make is an entertaining evening out. The ingenious custom sushi rolls are awesome. Read the funny menu and then let Wayne your sushi chef make all the decisions for you.Karaoke is par for the course here as well so throw your shyness out the window. Yumyumyum. Get the eleven cup cold sake as you will finish it and want more.We will be back!
4	Hot date - hot tea (I think that's what Wayne said :)Again... this is the place I drove by probably 1000x times but never thought of checking it out - now, thanks to yelp, I'm all over the town :)We ordered something called 'Lost Wages' and 'What beef, brah'. It was an interesting departure from generic sushi and we did like both rolls. I should probably check out karaoke party sometime :) Thanks, W!
5	I wish I could give this 10 stars out of 5. How's that for the opening line of a review? My mom was coming to town for the holiday weekend and we were craving sushi. After extensively researching sushi spots in Vegas (I have only been to Ra and that does not count as a quality sushi experience) on Yelp I narrowed it down to Wayne's: it's off-strip and reading that Wayne remembers his customer's names sold us.There has only been one other sushi experience that can compare to this one and that is when my mom's friend was friends with the owner of the sushi bar. Wayne and Heidi are so incredibly welcoming and hospitable, they not only provide customer service but make you feel like you're over at a friend's house for dinner. Apart from the casual and intimate setting the sushi itself is phenomenal. The specialty rolls are just WOW. We had the Dragon Ass and Lost Wages rolls, both of which were amazing, as well as incredible salmon sashimi, a spicy tuna hand roll, and the Cajun Ahi Salad. I've never been into salads at sushi bars since the combinations don't appeal to me and they are generally overpriced for what they are, but this salad was amazing. It's mostly a meal in itself but perfect to share as a side dish. Wayne makes his own dressing that is absolutely delicious, and for $14 there is SO much tuna! I was surprised to keep finding more and more hidden under all the salad. To add, the sashimi pieces were large and thinking about the salmon is making my mouth water right now.One of the specialty rolls we ordered was supposed to include masago but when he was making it the eggs were still frozen. After they had thawed he complementary satisfied our craving for masago with some nigiri pieces. Also upon learning we were belatedly celebrating my 21st, he offered us free sake, and not only free but gave us our choice of what kind and offered sizes small to large! How is that for service?We ordered sushi to our heart's content and our bill came to about $62. At the strip or anywhere else it could have definitely come to $100 or more, including the sake we would have otherwise paid for. $30 for each of us to have some of the best sushi we've ever had (not to mention being completely stuffed) in a great setting is more than fair. His prices are reasonable especially for the generous cuts. Aside from the sushi Wayne is such a funny guy and he and his wife are great to talk to, and to pay fair prices for a great environment and customer appreciation makes me want to come back again and again.I never would have found Wayne's if it weren't for the internetz. Hopefully this review brings him even more business because if you are looking for amazing sushi and a friendly environment, you need to come here. It has not even been a week since I went and already want to go back. They are located inside Shilla on Sahara, just west of Palace Station.
4	First time at Wayne's a couple of weeks ago on family vacation. It was not very busy on Mon night. Wayne is very nice and personable guy.
5	Wayne made me sing Careless Whisper with him. He did, I swear. Who knew Wham went so well with sushi??My first venture here was a bust - Wayne had closed down for the Hawaiian festival and spring cleaning. So all week, I kept calling back wondering when they were open. Apparently, the number I was calling was his CELL PHONE. Feeling accidentally stalkerish, I finally ventured in with a couple of friends and Wayne yells, you! Where's that area code from? Oops...But on to the food. We were seated at the bar and there was a party of 10 behind us. So, I was pretty anxious that our food would take foreverrr.  As we perused the menu, Wayne looks at us and asks, "do you really want to order or do you want me to just feed you? My prices are reasonable, I promise." And so, feeling adventurous, we agreed to have him feed us. And oh, did he. The Ahi salad, what brah beef, and countless others.. all served by Wayne and his quirky, welcoming family. Service was prompt and quick, even with the demands of the party behind us. And soon, we were all swaying to the karaoke... It's been months since I've been to Vegas, so my memory of the particular food details is nonexistent. But our experience that night was increased exponentially not only by the quality and deliciousness of the food, but the comraderie of the patrons and Wayne and his family. I would so go back if I could!
5	I just got home from an awesome time at Wayne's Sushi Bar. I can't believe we were here for 3 hours.Me n Lily D arrived here at 9pm. I came here after I had dinner at home. Lily was on a mission to satisfy my craving for some sashimi, since I had been craving some raw fish after seeing some pics she had posted.  What we ordered:-1 large Asahi-1 large Sapporo-2 large nigori sake + 1 on the house-1 hamachi jalapeno-1 ahi tuna salad-1 white tuna jalapeno-1 smoked bbq pork-1 toro nigiri-2 uni/quail egg/sake shootersWayne and his wife were great hosts/servers/chefs. I didn't expect to have such a great time tonight. They busted out the karaoke. Lily, Wayne, his wife, and some of the other guests showed is their vocal skills!! The fish was only about 4 stars, but the environment was 5 stars!! I made a comment to Wayne about giving me the slab of TORO and he gave us a plate of toro on the house!! The karaoke started towards the end of the night. Wayne, his wife, Lily D., and some of the other customers bust out their vocal skills on the mic. It was almost like being at a sushi bar in San Francisco!!
1	I CANNOT believe all of the positive review on this CRAPHOLE!I went here based on the reviews and had one of the worst experiences in a sushi place EVER.Went in a bit apprehensive given that there was seating for all of abt 15 people max occupancy. Ordered up some rolls and lo and behold my first of 4 rolls comes out 30mins later! I was starved and pissed. Oh but I guess this was to be expected as they were at capacity.....FIFTEEN PEOPLE! Each subsequent roll comes out like 10-15 mins apart, like FUCKing chinese water torture!After over an hour and only 3 rolls I asked for the check cause I just couldn't bear waiting fopr my 4th roll. Lady says so you want me to cancel the last roll? Politely but curtly I answered yes. Well the AHOLE wayne behind the sushi bars spouts out to the waitress/wife that he's gonna charge me for the fourth roll anyway! He said it loudly enough that me and my GF heard it.I was like, the FUCK he is. I'm pissed and ready to rumble. If that check comes back with that last roll on there I'm gonna start flipping tables over! Bad enough I was trickle fed mediokre lames ass rolls and now I have to contend with this shitbag wayne because he had a bad day and can't handle the "volume" of business.Luckily for him the bill came back without the last roll on it. Guess his wife convinced him he was being a D-bag and having a bad day.To be honest decor was shoddy and disheveled with cases of crap all over and the place was small. You don't get the feeling at all that you are eating aNyplace special. This place is for a local crowd that goes there often as you could tell he and his wife knew everyone ther EXCEPT us! Crowd was also kind of white trash as evidenced by the POS cars in the parking lot and the t shirt and jeans they were wearing. I kept checking out my car out the window to make sure the tires were still on it and the hookers were not tapping on the windows.Sorry to all those folks who gave this SHITHOLE great reviews but this is one time Yelp system has let me down on where to go based on reviews.Look, I know y'all looking for a place to go are gonna see this review and say hey only one bad review out of all of these, LETS GO!My advice, my bad service and shitty attitude from Wayne aside, if you make over $40k a year you will probably not care for this place. It is small, disheveled and food is average. Im sure it can be homey and fun but if you are like me and want to be wow'd and have a true dining experience go to one of the many other sushi places that offer ambiance, good service and who want your business.
5	Sushi was delicious, had a great time singing karaoke, Wayne and his wife are a true treat amongst the typical Vegas service industry.
5	We loved this place, great atmosphere and friendly service. We asked for the freshest fish and Wayne offered to feed us Omakase style. Which was wonderful and reminded us of our old Sushi place in Glendale, CA. Needless to say we were there for hours drinking beer and sake. We can't wait to go back again real soon!!!
