5	Robert Mahr has really turned this iconic bar into something to be proud of. Remodeled bar area and interior had made it more modern but yet kept the feel of the previous Shamrock and it's roots. Food is delicious with their new menu and of course check out Brunch every Saturday and Sunday, you will be hooked!  DJ's every Thursday, Friday and Saturday!  Happy Hour is always fun and drinks here are inexpensive but yet really good!
4	Well there is a First For Everyone.Ok. I'm a tourist who walked into this bar. No big deal except I'm straight and this is a gay/alternate pub. I didn't know that when I walked in which I thought was funny. I'm usually a stickler for details  and living in South Florida with one of the biggest LGBT populations in America I'm familiar with this lifestyle and have no problem with it. You think I could have know this was gay bar, but nothing lead me to believe it was. Maybe that was done on purpose as a social experiment to see how a straight person would react when walking in. Do you leave? Do you stay? Do you hope no one sees you? Crazy $hit like passes thru everyone's mind, I don't care who your are. I just have the guts to type it.The Awaking So I order a beer and ask if the jukebox is on. The Bartender who's name is also Dan says yes. I then look up by the TV and see the Rainbow Flag. I look to the left and see a bigger Rainbow flag on the wall. Well I'll be damn, I walked into a gay bar and didn't even know it. It felt like something out of comedy and I had to chuckle. Now I'm comfortable in my own skin and I don't panic and look for the quickest exit. I stay.AmbianceVery nice pub and Dan was really cool. I come clean and tell him that I didn't know what type of bar this was until I walked in. He says it happens to people all the time. So enough about that. I got my beer and shot the $hit with Dan. I played some songs on the jukebox. I noticed that this joint is very clean and more updated than the place next door, Paradise Lounge. I finish my beer and Dan asks if I want another one. Fuck it, why not LOL. I have another and then pay my bill. Verdict If I was gay I would love coming here, You can tell that it would be lots of fun plus it's a sharp looking pub. I will honestly say I would not hang out here because it's not my gig but the place deserves 4 stars for sure. Stay Hungry!
5	Had a great time at this bar during a recent Saturday evening. The drinks are good, bartenders are very good and the patrons are very nice. There are a lot of TVs for watching the Badgers.Just so you know, this is a gay bar, but it wasn't initially obvious to me. I was there with gay friends, and I knew that it was a gay bar before arriving, but it might have taken me a while to realize it had I not been with friends. Depending on when you're there it may be really hard to tell. It became more obvious as the really good DJ was spinning great tunes later in the evening. Speaking of tunes, the noise level was just right. Loud enough to be motivated to dance, but not so loud it would pierce your eardrums.There was a great vibe overall, and I'd love to hang out there more often.
