5	You can't go wrong with Bluedog on a Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Tuesday, or Wednesday... Monday is a little dead.Seriously though, from grilled cheese sandwiches every Thursday night to a free keg every Sunday starting at 10, this place truly gives back to the customers. The music is very dope (mostly electro), but what else would you expect from a bar owned by the Team Canada DJs (Grand Theft and DR 1). The main problem with this place is that I've gotten so comfortable with it that I rarely go anywhere else (does that bias show a little?)Anyway, definitely a safe bet for a good night.
5	Dive bar at its best. Fun electro/dubstep beats. Yucky bathrooms. Cool kids. Weird people and starving hipsters. Amazing times! You can find me by the bar twice a week.
4	This place is where it's at! Gets crowded but the crowd is fun and they dance on the small dance floor in the back. The music is nostalgic from the 90s no joke they played "no scrubs" by TLC The environment is relaxed, good to sit and talk. Beer not too cheap but not too expensive. And you can play duck hunt on an old Nintendo system. Go if your looking to have fun in a good atmosphere.
5	My friends and I love this place!!!!!Amazing on Saturday (Hip-hop & crowd pleasers)...their staff is very friendly and the alcohol is decently priced...they also serve tall pabst! I love to dance so it's great for us! People get there around 12-1 so you might not want to show up too early......
5	I love Blue Dog! Been drinking and dancing at this main street hot spot for as long as I can remember.  Decor is revamped every so often keeping it fresh and staff are like old friends. Great drink specials, overall just a great spot to let loose and have fun! Check out the free comedy show Monday nights at 9!
4	My girlfriends and I came to Montreal for the weekend and didn't really know where to go so we started looking through bars and stumbled across this. The bar itself is cool, nice quaint vibe and the DJ was awesome too. The bartender, Pamela, was so nice! She really helped us out & knocked us on our asses haha. If you're looking for a decent bar to start out at, I definitely recommend this one.
3	Apparently this is a staple dive-type bar in Montreal. It's not totally my scene, but my cousin has taken me here a few times and it seems like a good intimate bar to start getting sloppy after midnight. It seems like the crowd is kinda cool and hipster, and it's not expensive so a good place for a few drink. I can't remember what the music was really like but it seemed to be a good place to dance and have fun with friends.
5	This is how I like to party. Loud dancey music, crazy cheap drinks, good vibes and a good time. I recently visited this place on my last trip to Montreal and was very impressed. Got there around 11:30 ish and we were able to sit at the bar, but soon after it got packed. It seems like groups of people come and go in waves so it's really crowded and 5 minutes later it isn't so bad. I'll be back next summer to party like a rockstar.
