5	This is a very small but beautiful park.  I discovered it via the cement walkway that connects it with Summerlin Centre Community Park.  There's a sunken field in the center with grassy slopes leading down to it.  The cement walkway that encircles the field is, I estimate, about a quarter mile around -- about half the perimeter of the larger Summerlin Centre Community park.There is a very tiny playground in front for tots, and across the street is a high school.  I've seen kids come over after school and sit on the slopes.  Occasionally, I see a couple of people using the field for practice, or someone running around in it with their dog.  Usually, there's just one or two people like me walking or jogging around the perimeter.  It's quiet, peaceful park.  The view of the Spring Mountains over the rooftops of the surrounding houses, and the way the sun lights everything up makes it a very enjoyable place to be.
2	Its just ok. Another poorly maintained Summerlin park. Trashy people leaving their dog poop all over, and leaving their trash all over.
3	Another of the small community parks in Summerlin with decent grassy areas unfortunately sullied by persons unable to clean up after their dogs.  Factor this into the general lack of running space save for the concrete perimeter and their are certainly better locations to run, jog, or spend time in Summerlin.  Nice compared to some cities lacking greenspace but nothing I'd bother revisiting considering the number of higher quality options in the city.
4	I absolutely love this park. It's maintained and beautiful with views of the mountains. I take my dog here to play ball. (And ALWAYS clean up after her) I have noticed not all dog owners do the same here, unfortunately. I wouldn't say it's everywhere, like some of the previous reviews though. If you're looking for a nice park to spend a little time with your dog, read a book under the shade of the many trees, or take your child to, it's a pretty nice spot. There is playground equipment and picnic tables as well.Ps. Technically dogs are not supposed to be off leash. There is security (which I appreciate) that do their rounds on a golf cart to the connecting parks and trails, and they will enforce this, but are very lenient if you have a well trained dog that is not a threat to the kids etc. Just make sure you have a leash with you always , to put your dog on just in case.
