5	My wife and I had a great pre-Christmas dinner here, and it was wonderful!  Our reservations were made on-line quickly and without hassle on OpenTable, and when we had to change it, it was a few taps on the iPhone OpenTable application, and everything was all re-arranged.The restaurant is cozy and inviting.  The host confirmed our reservation and we got a great window seat.  The restaurant is laid out as an open kitchen concept, so we also got to see the food being prepared, and it was very enjoyable  Our server Sinead was attentive and knowledgeable, which was a real plus!On to the food: My wife ordered the Atlantic Lobster Alfredo.  She said it was the best dish she had ever had in Kitchener-Waterloo.  Period.  I had the Surf and Turf, and it was superb, and included the half of a Whole Atlantic Lobster, great taste and excellent value.  Everything was cooked to perfection and served beautifully.I could not have asked for a more perfect meal out after a hectic day of pre-Christmas preparations.  Thanks King Crab Oyster Bar and Grill for a wonderful evening.
5	I think I just had the best service experience ever! All of the staff members were incredibly friendly at every interaction, from the moment i walked-in and the greeter spoke to me, to the second before walking out, when several of the staff thanked me for coming,and wished me a good night....I even had another table's waitress topping-up my water, that is beyond my expectations! And MY WAITRESS...she was the friendliest waitress i've ever had, yet completely professional...so attuned to making sure that I was having a wonderful dining experience, making suggestions, checking on me, offering more bread and so on, that if I hadn't noticed the other tables getting the same kind of service from their waitress, I would have sworn that my cute waitress had a huge crush on me! LOLSeafood chowder and oyster Rockefeller were very good, but no one can make oyster Rockefeller taste as good as my mom did ...
5	amazing food, great service, very nice and welcoming servants. However your bill would be more than 70$ for sure, but it worths to experience it once in a while. We used a groupon deal and we paid overall 40$!
4	Just had a really nice dinner here. Salmon was very good, but I especially enjoyed the crab cake. It is blue crab meat served with tomatillo chow chow. It is pricey but a very generous size. The service was friendly and the ambiance is nice in a casual and comfortable way. My friends enjoyed their meals as well. A very good experience overall.
2	King crab oyster serves "fine-dining" prices, yet the quality of food and ambiance is way under the standards. Although I admire the open-kitchen concept, the dining room is very disorganized with tables of all sizes scattered around. The waitor that served us that evening was friendly, but was not knowledgable about the wine selection. He presented the bread after our oysters appetizer. One main dish was the lobster&striploin..all i can say is lobster was simply "steamed" served with garlic butter on the side. Nothing extraordinary. Another dish, shrimp alfredo, was average as well. If you are wondering between king crab and its sister restaurant, king street trio, definitely opentable at king street trio!
