5	Hey!  Where are all the reviews for this place?  Anybody?  Bueller?Yes, I've only been here once, and yes, I've only had one kind of fudge (Pecan Turtle), but it was amazing and people should know about it.  In fact,  Pecan Turtle was nearly sold out, so we can't be the only people who know about the deliciousness.Not only was the fudge luscious, but the woman behind the counter was sweet and friendly, and told us how to store the fudge best for optimum lasting power.  And indeed, a few days later, it is still as delicious as the day we bought it.So, everyone come check it out, and join me in giving the great reviews!
1	if you like the taste of corn syrup & garbage then this is your place to eat fudge...the company is a complete JOKE..!YIKES..
1	This is WEIRD!I bought my son a box of the pumpkin fudge for Christmas from Costco in San Antonio TX and when he opened it today (the box was sealed) there was fudge missing and you could see that someone dug it out with their finger. Totally disgusting! I have stumbled on some pretty bad reviews regarding this company so although I plan to let them know about my purchase I am not counting on them making this right.Live and learn I guess.
1	I was originally excited when my sisiter was selling Fudgie Wudgie as a fundraiser, I've heard about the company and wanted to try it for some time now. I finally decided on a box on truffles because it had a variety of fudgie flavors. I bit into a pistachio flavored truffle and began to look at the half that was not in my mouth (I study my food sometimes... don't judge me), there was an air pocket between the fudge and the chocolate coating with mold growing between, yes...mold. at first I was in denial (still chewing the half that made it into my mouth) I kept looking at it hoping that it was something else, I began to peel back the chocolate layering and...yep, it was furry green mold. Nuff said.
3	Well... Fugie Wugie didn't act surprised when I told them about the finger tracks in my fudge. They told me to toss it and they would send me another box. Pumpkin was not available so they sent peanut butter... eh, it was okay I guess.Fudgie Wudgie is just fun to say! Fudgie Wudgie!
5	I buy it everytime it is at Costco.  I love it, one of the best fudges!
4	I'm honestly confused about the negative reviews for this place! The store was wonderful--they had beautiful chocolate (fudge?) displays and they were freshly making the fudge right behind the counter. I swear, you could smell the fudge being made throughout the whole street--that's what lured me and my friend in. Even though the first three (literally three) times we stepped in we didn't buy anything (we just wanted to smell) the store manager was so nice and it smelled and looked so delicious we finally gave in and ended up buying the pecan turtle. I don't normally like fudge, but oh dayum this was DELICIOUS. Going back, and buying more next time ^^
