4	An entire store devoted to olive oil and balsamic vinegar? Yes, please!Tucked away in Tivoli Village lies this specialty food store dedicated solely to olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  You'd think this would be a really boring (and small) store, however, you'd be wrong.  There are dozens of different flavors of balsamic vinegar (chocolate, garlic & cilantro, pear, green apple, etc, etc) and olive oil (basil, black truffle, jalapeno) to choose from.  But, before you commit to any, you can sample any and all the flavors. It's a strange feeling to chug vinegar but the flavors are so rich that you won't really notice. The helpful staff will even help you pair the  vinegars and oils with different foods and meats. I chose the garlic & cilantro balsamic vinegar and have almost used the entire bottle for cooking lamb and beef. I'd also recommend the basil olive oil for salads and pasta--so good!Also, per the owner, there is another store in Scottsdale (or somewhere in Arizona, I forget) and people line up to get their oil and vinegar.  I, for sure, have joined their legion of fans and will be back to get my fix.
4	Olive oil?  Balsamic vinegar?  Free samples?  I'm there.  This place was one of the stops on the CMYE Shopping Crawl at Tivoli Village and I definitely enjoyed this stop.  I'm not sure of how many containers of each they had for sale, but I sampled as much as I could handle...anything from lemon pepper olive oil to bacon olive oil, and roasted garlic olive oil was there for a sampling.  There were also some balsamic vinegars that I couldn't wait to try, like the raspberry chocolate, chocolate, cinnamon pear, espresso, fig, mango...the list goes on and on.  If I could've overdosed on olive oil and balsamic, it would've happened today.  I had a hard time choosing between the chocolate raspberry balsamic and the roasted garlic, but opted for the first one, with a promise to myself to buy the latter on a return visit, although I was able to snag an $18 bottle of this stuff with a 15% Yelp Shops Local discount.The owners were so nice and friendly, that I couldn't help but ask numerous questions about the store, their products, and why I hadn't seen them on previous visits to Tivoli (they just opened a few months ago).This place is definitely one to try if you happen to be in the neighborhood.  Can't wait to make a return trip.
4	I discovered Cucina Olive Oil during the Tivoli Shopping crawl. I was pretty excited because I love Balsamic Vinegar! They had so many interesting flavors that you can choose from like strawberry, mango, pomegranate etc. I settled on garlic because I'm also passionate about garlic flavors. We also wanted to get some olive oil to pair the vinegar so we can use it to dip bread. There were so many flavors to choose from like blood orange ,white truffle, persian lime. We chose a garlic herb oil  to compliment the vinegar. Garlic yumm!  If you are curious about any of the flavors you can test each and everyone of them. The bottles are about $21.00 each. They also sell nozzles, bottles and bowls that you can purchase for your oils and vinegar. I purchased this cruet that held both oil and vinegar. It looks awesome! This is a perfect place to come to for gifts for someone who loves to cook or just loves good food! The possibilities on what you can create in the kitchen with this infused goodness is endless!
4	This place reminds us of our first experience with oil and vinegar in Portland, OR.  The prices here aren't very bad ans the selection is very broad.  We bought a white peach balsamic and a garlic-type balsamic; both are very good.  We learned that excellent quality balsamic can taste great with frozen yogurt, ice cream, and waffles!  You have to try blueberry, raspberry, or strawberry balsamic on plain or vanilla frozen yogurt...it's incredible!  -The owner and family are very friendly and inviting, we had a nice little conversation with them for a couple minutes before heading home.  I would recommend this store to any connoisseurs of fine olive oils and balsamic vinegar or to anyone that just needs to wake up and learn there are better qualities which give wonderful taste.
3	An olive oil and balsamic vinegar store in the Las Vegas area is a great thing!  I have experienced similar stores in Portland, Oregon as well as Seattle, Washington.  The LV store has a pretty good selection of flavored oils as well as flavored balsamic vinegars.  However, tasting the products by pouring them from the bottle is not convenient and somewhat awkward.  Some of the thicker vinegars tend to clog up at the top and make it impossible to pour.  As customers catch on to the olive oil/ balsamic craze this store should become more popular.....however, they are way over priced!  I've purchased the same products for 1/2 of what they charge here!  So until the prices become more in line with other olive oil stores....I will be ordering from Portland, Seattle  or the Internet to save the $$$.
