1	I had previously reviewed the Golden Palace buffet, stating that it was some of the worst Chinese food I've had.  Well, this place manages to be worse than it.The place is rather run down.  The buffet was really terrible.  Food left to sit out in just its oil and a barely lit heat source.  It just wasn't a great environment.  Try something else, definitely!
2	The food at this place is at best mediocre, but it deserves something better than 1 star given the good service. Every other place in the neighborhood was either packed or seemed like it would have slow service so we decided to come in here despite it looking like it was closed with no one inside. We were served very quickly, as promised, and it's not the worst Chinese food I've ever had. I know, that's not saying a lot, but given the limited options in the area, it may be worth knowing about this place as a possible alternative.
2	1.5 stars.  I agree with Eszter, this deserves 2 stars only because of the service.  A sad little "Chinese" buffet with a smattering of overcooked options.  Soups were borderline offensive.  There probably won't be a wait!
1	I can't tell you how bad this place is, regretted not looking up on yelp for reviews before ordering for delivery.Seriously this place has the worst Chinese food I've had in my whole life!!!!!!!!!!
2	I think I'm spoiled when it comes to Chinese buffet because I live in an area with fantastic buffets. Liang's buffet is not great. It fills your stomach but that's about it. Their buffet has a smaall selection of so-so Chinese food. On the plus side, service is good and there are times late at night when this restaurant is the only one along this block still open. That's worth keeping in mind if a convention is keeping you busy until late at night.
1	Bad!!! Worst Chinese food in Pittsburgh!
1	This is the worst Chinese food I've had. Ever. And Pittsburgh has some pretty bad Chinese places.  The Golden Palace buffet is bad, but at least edible.  I am utterly baffled at how this place stays in business.
1	Dined in. Food had obviously been sitting out all day at the buffet. Lo Mien was soggy and had unidentified black grit in it.  Broccoli was clearly unwashed whenever it was cooked. Finally I ordered beef with broccoli and the meat looked pale like chicken but tasted to gamey to be chicken or beef. First time I ever wondered if I was being served cat.
