4	LOVE the Rose! This is a great hole in the wall bar located off 51 and Baybrook in a little strip mall with Tuesday Morning, Riccio's and a karate place. They have amazing drink specials including some kind of bucket special each night and offer karoake Thurs-Sat along with a few pool tables and spacious patio. The bartenders are attentive and know your name and they have solid bar food (including one of the best burgers I've had in Charlotte---who knew?) This place is a gem, if you're looking for a no-frills place with lots of tv's and a neighborhood feel you should definitely check it out!
4	So if someone blind folded you and dropped you off at the Yellow Rose...   You would swear that you were in Shelby, NC on the set of East Bound and Down waiting for Kenny Powers to walk in!  I love this place!  It reminds me of a bar I would see back in my hometown or something you would find out in the middle of South Carolina somewhere, not in the middle of Charlotte.  Pretty much ditto on everything that Tiffany says about this place in her review.  The little bit of food that I've had there has been really good and the waitresses and staff are very friendly.  Seems like everytime I've ever been there they are singing karaoke and they have lots of pool tables that are always taken.I have to give this place an easy 4-stars on character alone.  And the drink/beer prices are dirt cheap.  Oh yeah, and there is always free popcorn, and it's good!  A great place to people watch as well!
4	Here is a really cool low key south Charlotte neighborhood hangout with character!  Yellow Rose has low lighting, reasonable pricing, pool tables, TV's, karaoke (after 10pm most nights), friendly service and pretty damn good food!  We had a house salad and a pimento cheese burger with shoestring fries- my mouth is watering as I type!!!  Oh, and they always have free popcorn too!  I'll be back...and soon...maybe next weekend to watch the playoffs!  See you there!
4	Walk in.  Sit down.  Enjoy!This is your neighborhood bar as you'd imagine it!  A small bar with pool tables and tons of televisions large and small.  A great place to catch the game or drink with your friends.  They always have good beer specials and the fried pickles and burgers are fantastic.  They even have a cool outdoor patio for those Charlotte, NC evenings!
4	Definitely a good place to go if you want to shoot some pool and drink a few beers with your best buds in a low-key hangout.  Or, if you are all about performing, grab the mike and join in on the karaoke.  They sometimes have live music as well.
4	Ok, so here is the deal...this place is a hole in the wall, a dive, yeah it's not pretty.  BUT the Touchstone Rose is one of my favorite bars in Charlotte.  Why?  Here's why...they always have great drink specials, they have a huge patio with its own bar and flat screen tv's so you can smoke, the bar staff and waitresses are cute and good at their jobs, and to top it off the food is GREAT!  It's mostly a typical bar menu but they do it better than just about anyone in town.  A few things they do different though....they have a fried bologna sandwich that is topped with chili and and egg that rocks.  They are the only place in Charlotte (that I know of) that serves a Louisville Hot Brown sandwich.  If you've never had a hot brown...stop what you're doing now and go there!  They are nothing short of awesome.  Also, they offer to grill your hot wings.  Which I thought was a little strange because I'm picky when it comes to my wings.  But, it's really good!  The crowd is mixed but of Fridays and Saturdays it's pretty crowded after 11:00pm.  Overall....if you haven't been to the Touchstone Rose you should!
5	The Rose isn't fancy, but it is one of the best dives I've found in Charlotte.Great beer specials everyday, really good (and reasonably priced) food. Plenty of TVs to watch whatever game you're looking for and a great wait staff that after a few visits will know your name and what you are drinking! Karaoke on the weekends (and I think Tuesdays?) -- great for the more ambitious, or just those that enjoy fantastic people watching.PS: As for menu recommendations, try the Manhattan and thank me later!
5	This is the dive you are looking for!Friendly folks -- good prices -- Bar Food (love the wings) and BONUS free popcorn!The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is funI play Trivia there on Wednesday and it's a HOOT! good- natured rivalry and lot's of interaction.  weekends are great for playing pool and watching games on the plethora of big screen tvs.  Nice big back porch for smoking and hanging out!
4	We had met some friends at Yellow Rose for trivia on wednesday night. It was packed and right away you are greeted with a popcorn machine, so go ahead and help yourself. It was busy but not too busy and loud where you could not hear the trivia questions. It took about two hrs to get through the game but it was fun stuff. A waitress or two were in training so I did not get a drink I ordered, but like I said, it was busy. I would go again but I hope that they decide not to have Musicals as a trivia category.
4	Great non-pretentious South Charlotte dive bar with an outdoor patio/bar, lots of TVs, pool tables, and great drink specials!!
5	I've been going to the Rose for years and it's always been one of my favorite places. I love it for the fact that it's comfortable, people are nice, the prices are very reasonable and the food (WINGS!) is great.Meredith (bartender), Alana (former bartender, doesn't work there anymore), etc. have always made me feel at home and it's the little things like remembering my order which make me come back. Even Rodney, the bouncer, is a friendly, great guy who always greets me with a handshake.However, they now have a server (Sara, I believe) who, based on my 2 experiences with her, is AWFUL. I was there for New Years Eve. Predictably, it was packed. My girlfriend and other friends went to look for a table while I went to the bar to get a round of drinks. As soon as Meredith saw me, she took my order. As soon as I got all of our drinks, I turned around and saw that the rest of my party had found a table. They were almost immediately greeted by Sara, who wanted to take their orders. I told her I had just grabbed drinks from the bar because we didn't know how long it would be before we could get a table. She was pissed and said something to the effect of "That's why WE'RE here" and walked away. That was the last time she came near our table that night. I later went to the bar to order food since she hadn't been by our table in 45 minutes. While I was up there, the bartender who took my food order (a guy) asked me where we were sitting so he could bring us our food. Sara immediately jumped in and said "I've already been over this with them, they don't want...." couldn't make out the rest of her comment, but as she waved her finger and spoke in a very condescending tone, I could tell it wasn't nice. The night went on and as it got closer to Midnight, she proceeded to hand out NYE-themed hats and other party favors to everyone around us but somehow we were skipped. Seemed like it was on purpose, but that's up for speculation I suppose.If that night was the first time I had been there, I would probably never return based on her alone. I also need to mention that I had visited once about a week earlier and she was our waitress. Overall, she was okay except she pretty much ignored us. She sat with an older couple at a table close to ours (parents, grandparents?). We had to ask for refills, drinks, our check, etc. There wasn't as much attitude but she was still not a good server.I did mention to Meredith in so many words that I was not happy with how I had been treated she apologized profusely. I will absolutely return but if will definitely send Sara away if she tries to "serve" me.NOTES ADDED 6/16/13- Returned and Sara was our server. She was great this time around so I thought it was only fair to add this to my review.
4	Nice bar all bottle beers, pool tables and excellent prices. The free popcorn is so good and a must have are the honey chicken sliders 100 times better then white castle.
4	I got recommended this place by the front desk person at the Hampton Inn I was staying at.  I am glad he did as not only did I go there to watch Gonzaga Butler game I came back to see the Ravens vs Patriots Games.  Large selection of beer and wing choices and at affordable prices.   Not a fan of karoake as cannot even spell it though singers for most part were good.  Only thing keeping this place from 5 stars is no beers on draft and they did not have list of beers that they had in bottle.   Ample pool tables and friendly service and if coming here by self they also have trivia to keep you entertained .
4	I've passed by this place dozens of times whilst headed to Riccio's.  A friend had recommended it, but I  thought it was just a bar.  Finally, last evening, I headed out to the Yellow Rose!  So, it is a bar, or they have a bar - however you choose to see it.  And,  they have pool tables - several.  Lots of TVs!!  And FOOD!  We (family) were really impressed!!  Not expensive, very good menu with lots of variety!  I had a Reuben, which I would order again!  Wifee had a Pimento Cheese burger, which she devoured, so I guess it was good.  My son had the Fish and Chips and he enjoyed that as well.  I failed to mention the Fried Pickles appetizer!  We've had those before elsewhere - these were really good!Yes, all bottled beer - okay, but no Olde Mecklenburg "Copper" beer. Bummer.  They have a huge selection of bottled beer, so I found happiness with Bud Black Crown.This place is hidden away back in the Touchstone Shopping Center which is so small, you'll miss it if you blink at the wrong time.  But search it out!The only negative I could find was that they only had one waitress working.  Now she was GOOD and was running her butt off trying to keep up with everyone.  So, maybe mgt needs to hire an extra hand so she doesn't crash!!!We will definitely go back!  Good food, not expensive, casual, friendly - good combination!
4	I've been here many times, it's a very nice dive bar, good drink prices and decent food.  Lots to offer with a large covered outside area, pool tables inside, and plenty of room.
5	Woohoo! As good as it gets....for a local, down-to-earth, bar.DRAFT BEER NOW ( for those that don't read entire reviews)Just remodeled to a nicer dark wood/ almost lodge-like bar. Still includes lots of seating options; bar, stand up/ high long tables, sit down normal. Great food ( go with the Yellow Rose burger), pool tables, many TV's, and now....DRAFT BEER ( sorry, couldn't tell ya which ones...maybe ol meck)Cheers.
3	I was not all that much of a fan of this place. For a bar in Charlotte/Pineville I figured it would be a bit nicer. They have a big patio and plenty of pool tables to mess around with. There is a level of things they need to upgrade, the POS (Point of Sales) computer they have at the bar. It looks like an old tower that is running Win 98 or something. The bar stools feel like they are going to break when you sit on them, and the plastic patio chairs too.
4	Had a burger & fries the other day for lunch.  Great prices.Plenty of TVs & pool tables.
5	One of my fav local bars. Friendly staff, great food and cheap beer! The renovations are great. Great place to watch a game.
3	I've come here a couple of times now.  The Patty Melt is good but the service is nice but can be slow at times.  Free popcorn helps and tv's for whatever game you choose.  They have an outdoor area plus pool tables.  Pretty good spot for a laid back time, just remember to leave plenty of time in case of slow service.  You should also not expect a super young or rowdy crowd as the patrons around here probably don't live that far away and is a mix of older to kids.
4	Great food and friendly staff. A perfect neighborhood establishment, lots of regulars, but certainly not uncomfortable. Great place to watch a game. Very reasonably priced. I only took a star away because the beer selection is pretty weak compared to its competitors.
4	Despite the obvious dive bar feeling, the staff was welcoming enough.  Great specials and plenty of TV's inside and out to watch games. A number of players on the pool tables and skeeball outside. A great bar to get away and a certain addition to my routine.
4	Excellent dive bar! Recently updated and it shows. Food is OK, but the beer specials are a huge plus. Perfect dive location just outside Ballantyne area for a nice change of pace.
3	Yellow Rose is one of the rare bars in Charlotte that has a somewhat divey feel.  The atmosphere is very laid back and reminiscent of bars in blue collar towns.  I wouldn't say it's a true dive as the place actually appears overall clean.  While we didn't have the food, the bar service was fast and friendly, even on a busy Saturday night.  They have some great beer specials if you like the mass produced domestic stuff. Chubby's Karaoke also makes for a great time.  They also have several pool tables, but they are always busy. Fun place.
