5	Thank you Yelp!  Without your reviews we would never have found this place.   My wife and I were recently in Vegas and visiting the Pinball Hall of Fame.   After a little while of playing we realized we were hungry and needed to eat.   We knew that later in the evening we would be having a big meal, so we thought a sandwich would be good.   We remembered that Capriotti's had received good reviews so we figured, what the heck.   Fellow Yelpers, you didn't let us down.   It took a few minutes to find this place since it is tucked in the corner of a shopping mall, but it's worth the time to find it.   When we got in, we were greeted by a super friendly staff.   We decided to split a large sandwich.   After placing our order, the staff started to prepare it right away.   In a few minutes we picked up our sandwich and started to eat.   WOW!   It was good.  They don't skimp on the meat or cheese   I believe we had an Italian Sub.   The bread was this awesome soft roll.   Man, it was good.   The sandwich and a couple of drinks was something like $10.   That was a heck of a bargain especially when you consider the taste, quality and quantity of food we received.   Will we be back?  You bet we will.   It's only 5 minutes from the Pinball Hall of Fame and it's a great place to eat!   Thanks Yelp!
5	I am doing a flash back into time and reviewing this place. I lived in Las Vegas for a year during a post graduate program about  5 years ago. From the look of the reviews, the place has not changed much. But, take that into consideration. I used to get all over LV., and this was my all time favorite place to have lunch. It is likely the best sandwich place on the planet!!! My first exposure to them was at a couple different work locations. They do sandwich trays for catering. They just kept poppin up everywhere I went (new work/training location every 4 weeks). The great thing about catered sandwich trays is 1. then are free to me, and 2. you can try a few different types of sandwiches. Over time I tried several. But, my favorite was their Bobby. It was a turkey, cranberry and stuffing sandwich on a soft roll with mayonnaise. It makes my mouth water. I was never a stuffing fan as a kid (those nasty gizzards in there turned me off!). But, this was like a nice bread or cornbread stuffing without the extra fluff. Damn, what a great combination. It was just to die for. And with several of these places around town, I could get them just about anywhere I was. I cant say I ate them all that often, but I used to run from the plaza where this one is and dinner was an easy stop off here. Whether you are from Vegas or just visiting, get by a Capriottis. All of their sandwiches are great but the Bobby is SOOOOO GOOOD, you just have to try it out. And, if you are catering your work lunch, think about them too so all your staff can enjoy.Capriotti's needs to franchise to the bay area, PLEASE!!!!
5	god damm this place. it is so awesome, i dream of mushroom cheese steaks with the pepper relish.and then the bobby - thanksgiving goodness in a sammy - wow, hand pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry spread, and mayo - damn tasty sandwich.oh and my all time favorite - the CAPISTRAMI - hot pastrami, coleslaw, cheese, and thousand island dressing - i cant stop raving about it - i like the pepper relish on everything, and usually grab a bag of jalepeno or salt and pepper chips - awesome!unfortuanley they wont expand past nevada - so whenever im back home in vegas from san diego - i crave this sub shop -
5	About the best cheese steaks in Las Vegas, NV.  Their specialty sandwiches are good too.  Great place to order sandwiches for a group or office lunch.  Many locations, but it seems they keep the quality high at all.
5	OMG. I think this is THE best sammich I have ever had. The Bobbie is Thanksgiving in a roll. Every bite was delish and I inhaled the whole thing in about 15 mins. My bf had the Capastrami. Just as delicious and out of this world. I couldn't stop thinking about Capriotti's during my whole trip. We ended up back here at 10am to get a few to take home.
5	Have you heard of Capriottis I "innocently" asked a friend who happens to be a Vegas local. When he eagerly responded with just the words "THE BOBBIE" I knew I'd be sinking my teeth into one of these famous sandwiches very shortly, and in fact it was just the next morning. He got the Bobbie, which really does taste like thanksgiving on a bun. Homemade roll, freshly cooked shredded turkey breast, cranberry sauce, and stuffing. I only had a bite but instantly understood why there are so many yelps talking about it. I got the Slaw Bi Jo, same fresh bread, fresh roast beef that was shredded instead of sliced, crispy cool cole slaw and provolone. The whole thing was delicious, I struggled to appear ladylike and bite it, when all I really wanted to do was mash it all the way into my mouth! The ladylike appearance only became harder to maintain, when the last person in our group received their cooked to order "cheeseburger sub" YES cheeseburger Sub! I realize the words sound funny together but believe me the sandwich is awesome! The cheeseburger is restaurant quality, and they will top it the way you want it, you can even ask for grilled onions. The whole experience was so good we decided to grab one for the road on our way out of Vegas, this time I tried the yelp infamous "capistrami" It was good, its served hot with the aforementioned crispy cool cole slaw, and melted swiss. I love pastrami, and enjoyed it, but in the end I wished I had gone with the slaw bijo, that roast beef was just so different and so tasty! The sandwiches come in three sizes 9 inches, 12 inches, and 20 inches, the prices are more than reasonable, your meal should run you around 10 bucks. Last note they had mini "nothing bundt cakes" cakes for sale, I've heard so much about them, and seen them in so many magazines I had to try one. Just like Capriottis, there reputation is well deserved. The mini chocolate cake was moist and rich and I was immediately smitten with it. 9 inches of pastrami and 1 mini bundt cake might have been to much, maybe even made me a little sick, but I didn't regret it at all!
5	no doubt dont doubt the other reivewsthese sandwichs are banging i read other yelp reviews and everyone was jocking the bobby sandwich butive never had that one, but i have had the capastrami and who-wee that sandwich hits the spot!well, i went again with a friend that had never been there during the 02/28/2010 weekend and got a bobby and capastramiand dang the capastrami is as bomb as i remmber it being.the bobby was quite intersting.  stuffing, turkey, cranberry saucereminds my drunk stoned ass of thanksgiving!  for all the tourists that cant find it, its on flamingo on the west side of the 15 freeway just past decaturflamingo is the exit that palms casino is on.go west of the freeway and just past flamingo,theres a supershitty mcdonalds capriottis is just past the mcds
5	This chain sandwich shop never fails me whenever I'm in LV.  Regardless of location the taste is always the same and so delightful.  I ventured off and tried the meat ball sub this time.  It was good but my favorite is still the Bobbie or the chicken steak.  Plus the red velvet bundt cake is delicious.
5	Always a good experience no matter what location you choose. Always a good value. Not cheap but you really get what you pay for.
4	Who freakin' knew you could experience Thanksgiving dinner in a sandwich? Because of The Bobby sandwich, I can't help but say this might be the best sandwich chain.  I also gravitate toward getting a Phili cheese sandwich. Boy do they load this up with deliciously flavored meat! :) I kinda wish they could a bit more cheese and better peppers to make it even tastier. Pretty awesome choice even with these minor flaws. If you are ordering for two, I suggest going with their largest size sandwich and splitting it in two, rather than individually choosing the smallest so you can get more for for the value.
4	Some of the best hot subs in Vegas.  No matter what you decide on it's always the way you want it.  The only difference in visiting one location than another is the seating area.   Service is always fast and staff comes off as genuinely kind and welcoming.  It's no surprise they make best of Vegas every year.  Always a weekly stop for lunch and will always be a suggested to somebody that crazily enough may not have eaten here before.
5	THE BEST sandwich shop in town!!!!  If you get a cheesesteak, do yourself a favor, and ask for extra cheese.  You won't be disappointed!
5	I adore this place. Very friendly and I recommend this place
4	This sandwich shop is something special! Only sandwich we've ever tried is the hot cheese steak with hot peppers added to it. it's just something special.. I've never ever in my life eaten a sandwich without condiments.. lol. not joking.. even bbq pork sandwiches I put mayo & mustard on.. lol. I can't stand dry food. This is just the steak peppers and chz all mixed & put on this soft amazing bread.. the bread is the finishing touch.. lol.  We need to try some new items but the cheese steak is just so yummy :)
1	This place was  a favorite of mind , but why should you call in your order live a mile away, get there in ten minutes for them to say, what order? did you order something ? then receive bread that is not quite soft or a bobbie with not so cooked stuffing or pastrami that is underdone on a hot sandwich. The girl working the register very unprofessional, she thought it was funny that she could not find the order and stated so. Her eyes looked glazed , maybe she only receive a little sleep the night before maybe she was on drugs.. I will report her, I do not appreciate her non-chalant tone and attitude. Please get it together, before others catch on and get the quality customer sales associates that your business require. I live in Vegas now and I would not recommend this location to others
3	Best of Las Vegas? Really? Only slightly better than Subway. I would rival this with Jimmy John's.
5	This is my neighborhood Capriotti's. I've been coming here a couple of times each month since it opened and never been disappointed by quality of food or service. Several of the employee's know my name and they know that I rotate between a couple of sandwiches and try to guess which one I'm going to order that day. (Usually the capastrami or the cole turkey. But sometimes I throw them off with a philly or even a salad.)One time, the line was really long and my order got lost within some other much larger orders. So, they made me a medium instead of a small sandwich, apologized profusely, and gave me my whole lunch for free.Yesterday, I took a good friend there. Somehow, despite living in town for years, he had never been to a Capriotti's anywhere. He said - and I quote - "This is the best meatball sub I have ever had!"
3	Love the sandwich, hate the service.  Capriotti's has what is possibly the worst business model.  They bake bread in the morning and close when they are out of bread.  Often this is about 7pm.  This particular location is the the Smith's parking lot, so sometimes when I go to the grocery story, I think I'd really like a sandwich.  Then, when I come out of the store - they are closed.  I've dealt with this at least 5 different times.  If you're open until 9, have enough product to be open until 9. If you regularly run out at 7, you can do the math for 2 more hours and make that much more...
5	Oh Capriotti's make your way across the Pacific Ocean so I can eat a Capastrami again!!Being in Las Vegas and craving for a solid pastrami sammie I ask Elite Bruddah Nelson Q. for the go to place. I already have been to Rocco's Deli (another suggested place by Nelson) and wanting to try something a little different Capriotti's was my choice.We arrived to a clean small eatery with a simple menu, the smallest Sub is a 9 inch. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas-8?select=Mk6y8rvqgYQ7NhvV822Oig#uzdOvuGtUNaUGI2wDvYQTwI had a Capastrami 9 inch Sub which was more than enough for me! The Hot Pastrami combined with swiss cheese,Cole Slaw and Creamy Russian Dressing made me one "Happy Guy!!". It was really really great and messy..I love messy sammies!!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas-8?select=Mk6y8rvqgYQ7NhvV822Oig#oI55hwpoNbZzymrD3CU2FAAward winning Sandwich Shop, now I see why!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/capriottis-sandwich-shop-las-vegas-8?select=Mk6y8rvqgYQ7NhvV822Oig#UIND7_3VWTAOb72Ue0RR5Q*This ain't no Subway...Not By Far!*
5	Great sandwich shop...the food is always consistent.  You can order online and pick it up with no waiting as well.  The Bobbie is my favorite but I have never had something here that wasn't good.  This location is clean, friendly, and reasonably priced.  They have fountain drinks or a variety of bottled juices.
5	If you've never had Capriotti's food, drop whatever you're doing right now, and get some. I'm a huge fan of the cheese steak with mushrooms, but the Bobby is worth the trip. Sandwiches range from "I'm on a diet, tee hee" seven inches up to "I'm filling the void in my life with food" twenty inch monsters. Warning: buying the big one to have lunch for tomorrow, too, does not work. One you start eating one of their sandwiches, you will keep packing it into your face until it is all gone, and then you'll be sad that it's gone. I had a dream I was eating a Capriotti's sandwich, woke up from the dream, and was depressed the rest of the morning because I didn't have a sandwich. It's that good.
5	Best sandwich ever. The pastrami is bomb, the cheesesteak is moist and has the perfect amount of cheese on it. Then there is the Bobbie, all thanksgiving goodness in one sandwich. Service is fast and friendly. The prices are super reasonable and the portions are huge.Basically you need to try these sandwiches. Oh! They have diet wild cherry Pepsi!!!!
5	There is not a sandwich on the menu that I do not like! Favorite is the bobbie but everything is solid. Cheesesteak, Capastrami, Meatball are all excellent choices.However late in the day, they might run out of bread
1	Horrible service employees don't care. Give you wrong sandwiches. Get the old people back that ran it. These new people suck. And the roast beef was dry sitting on a tray all day.funny how all the  good reviews were before the new crew. Wake up!!!!! You new people suck
4	Called in an order for 4 sandwiches and only had to wait 2 or 3 minutes after we arrived for them. Good service, good sammies and happy eaters.
5	It was my first visit to ANY Capriotti's and let me tell you that I was very pleased. I am not quite an expert on what kind of sandwiches there are out there. So when I went there I was already thrown off by the numerous options. It took me a while but I ended up going with the New York Style Cheese Steak. It wasn't the first time that I have heard of this sandwich and I've heard good things. It lived up to it's expectation. I also ended up putting some Jalapeno Chips into the sandwich to give it a nice crunch and zest. Also did not let me down.Now, I've Vegan you see, and the only reason I ate here was because I was really hungry and my roommate offered. I can't turn down free food. :) I will definitely be here again. I must try some other sandwiches. Also, I got a free juice box :)
5	The Bomb Sandwishs , best meat . If you want the best meats on great bread or anything in their menu , buy here eat IT
1	2nd visit. first visit, I said never again. second visit worthy of a Yelp review.ordered a 12.99 roast beef with swiss.the ordering menu says slow roasted homemade roast beef, pulled.it was boiled, and boiled to death! it was so dry I added mustard otherwise I would have choked it was stringy, dry, and tasteless.as for the swiss cheese, sliced so thin I couldnt even hardly find it.2 visits, NEVER AGAIN.
5	I love this Capriottis! I don't eat meat and normally don't like most fake meats but they have an awesome vegetarian cole turkey. I highly recommend it. Their employees are really laid back and they are always super giving with the ingredients they put in their sandwiches. Try this sandwich shop and you won't regret it, trust me!
5	Ever had a sandwich so good you bit your lip while eating it and you don't care, you just keep going?? That's what the Bobbie will do to you!
3	Love the food, hate the service. The sandwiches are so delicious, but I walked next door to the Chinese place and ordered food and received it, then came back to Capriotti's and my sandwich still wasn't done. The workers seemed to just be hanging out and talking, and the dining area was a mess. The entire look of the place was really dingy, I wouldn't eat in there. Better for takeout. I wish they delivered.
1	I would really like to write a review about how good this place is and how good their service is but I can't. I placed an order for delivery through yelp eat street, paid, and got a confirmation number. An hour past and my food was still not here. I called the store which I had ordered from and they have no idea what I was talking about. I'm very disappointed I had heard great things about this place.
5	My favorite sandwich place. I eat a 20" sandwich on my birthday every year. My favorite is the veggie turkey (just not a meat fan), I ask for it grilled and put everything on it, all the spicy and sweet peppers, mayo, mustard, oil and vinegar.
2	This place is just meh.  The seating area felt very weird, almost like they hadn't finished the place.  I got the Bobbie, but it was cold!  I guess it was my fault for reading that it would not be a hot sammie, but seriously, turkey and stuffing should be warm!  My boyfriend got the sandwich with the cole slaw and provolone, and that was actually good.  I thought it would be great given the reviews, but it was just OK.  I probably wouldn't come back.
