4	This is the place of inspiration, be it Halloween, April fools, a dress up party or simply just for fun, you can find almost anything that comes to mind for practical jokes or costumes and accessories. It's joke central literally and even the smallest detail has some reference to a practical joke. They have a very good choice of good makeup for dress up but it comes with a bit of a price- as expected!The clientele I have seen here ranges from cheeky school boys , to giggling students and blushing adults (by adults I mean Grannies 60+ bless!). Funny place indeed.
4	This is Costume Haha's little sister, just around the corner from it in the Grassmarket. It's the kind of place that you'd love if you were a 12 year old boy out with your friends and you've just been given your pocket money to waste... fake poo, joke cigarettes and those annoying little banger things that you throw on the floor.However, annoying little tourist kids aside, this place is a bit of a gem. In the same way that Costume Ha Ha is your one-stop place for knocking a fancy dress costume together, this is the place to get all your accessories to go with it. Whether it's an Amy Winehouse beehive wig, a plastic set of Roman armour or fake vampire blood, you'll find it here. The one drawback tho? It's possibly the single most claustrophobic shop you'll ever find in Edinburgh. Avoid it on hot days or in the run up to Halloween!
4	With more 'ahahahah' than its nearby costume shop I bought into the quirky name and anticipated more laughs. Indeed some of the wacky items in here are hilarious: a severed foot, a plastic turd, or even an Obama face mask.The stock seemed affordable and all great as an additional gag to your existing showpiece.An Obama face mask, imagine rocking up to party in that...sidesplitting!
4	Aha Ha...Ha is a good place to start if you're looking to pull out the laughs at an upcoming costume party.Selling everything from joke sweets and pranks to a good selection of wigs, glasses and masks, it's great having a place like this available all year round if you're in need of something really gimmicky for a special occasion. With everything from fake swords to 20s Flapper outfits, it's got something for parties of both an adult and kids nature.As well as selling face paint and hilarious catsuits, they also sell party favours to spice up a kids lucky bag with something that will make them giggle. Good for Halloween inspiration and last minute outfits you can't go wrong with, Aha Ha Ha gives you affordable costumes to make your friends giggle.
4	Joke shops were always a massive source of fascination to me when I was younger, but I'm probably not alone on that one, because children/immature people do love a good sweet that turns your mouth blue when you eat it, or the old whoopee cushion classic. This gleeful phase of being a prankster was forgotten long ago, so coming into this shop was a welcome reminder of when my only concern was saving up enough pocket money to plant a fake spider in someone's room and cackle while they screamed the house down.Aha Ha Ha is packed high up to the rafters with items for joke playing, with all the classic schoolboy tricks available, plus crafty beard and moustache disguises, if such an emergency arises. There are also those morph suits that every guy I know at the moment seems to be obsessed with when it comes to drunken theme nights, plus masks, hats, wigs, stage makeup, and inflatables. You're basically sorted for most types of fancy dress, unless you're going to something with a really obscure theme. The shop is predictably rammed constantly over Hallowe'en, but it's got a great range of costumes, so it's to be expected.
3	I've only ever been to Ah Ha Ha on a few occasions. Obviously, all of them involving some need or another for fancy dress. Or a cheerful present. Or Halloween. Ever since I was a kid, I've been totally obsessed with those little guns in cartoons that shoot out a flag that says BANG! instead of bullets (imagine what war would be like if that's all you had: these guns and retractable swords and arrows with those suction things at the end). And yes, they had them at Ah Ha Ha. And I had loads of fun for a few weeks until the whole thing fell apart. But it was definitely worth it. I took my brother there and he, being at that time either 15 or 16 and a bit of a kid, bought one of those fart things. Which I'm sure he's been making good use of ever since. The shop's definitely eye-catching. At least on the outside. I think all shops should have bright exteriors, in this one is Halloween-orange. So, if you need some jokes or masks, stop by and take your pick. It's hella hard to miss.
4	I love a good joke shop.  Like many children, I would always marvel at the range of mischief-making products that are available at these sort of places.  One of the all-time classics is the nose-and-moustache combo, and I was surprised to see this adorn the front of Aha Ha Ha.  It certainly makes it stand out, and having the front of the shop painted orange also helps.  Being ginger myself, I know how valuable a tool this is.  But anyway, I digress...Once inside the shop, you'll find shelves crammed with all sorts of joke-related goodies, as well as a range of fancy dress equipment.  According to the website, the shop also does fancy dress hire, and the list of costumes is comprehensive, right up to a pantomime camel!  Just think of the banter that would result from turning up to a party dressed as an all-out camel.  The mind boggles.Good things come in small packages (apparently), and though small, this shop succeeds in cramming itself with a wealth of hilarity.  A must-see, and no doubt very busy in the run-up to Halloween.
4	What a cool name!! They have a really big novelty moustache and nose over the door too - class!! If that's not enough to get you in, what is?Ok, it's a bit small inside, and if it's busy then it's hellish. The staff are almost always busy and it's difficult to get attention sometimes. Their costumes are extensive!! They have everything you could want really, and some of it isn't too expensive. They have lots of joke things too, my favourite is the bangers. Never gets old.
5	Now folks, it doesn't get much better than this place! I came in not really sure what I wanted and once I was in there, couldn't help myself! So many great novelty items! When was the last time you'd seen a whoopi cushion!??? C'mon people!!! Get in a good laugh, I bought the fake cat poop, which looks SO REAL and a wee rope trick for my niece. Lets just say this Christmas I am gonna show my wee nieces and nephew how to have a good time sans electronics. The good ole fashioned way :)Also, a great place for costumes! Loads of hats, beards and other random objects!
1	I'll stick to ebay. Same tat just more expensive.
