4	Located in Founder's Hall on the 3rd Floor. Just opened on Feb. 1st. It's being run by Compass Group and I think the pastry chefs are Johnson and Wales students.Taste is like a high-end cafeteria. You walk in a pick a line - Pan Asian Bar, Cultural Exhibition (Pasta) Bar, Flatbread Bar, Make Your Own Salad, Dessert Bar. Then there are cooler walls of drinks and chip stands. And also "Quick Pick" pre-made sandwiches and salads. There is also a Barista with baked goods and coffee, teas, etc. I believe they also serve breakfast, but I have yet to be there at that time of day.. I visited the Pasta Bar. It was very good. I had a choice of penne or spinach gnocchi, chicken, sausage or shrimp, with an array of "add-ins" - spinach, sun dried tomatoes, onion, peppers, garlic, zucchini, etc. Then alfredo, pesto or marinara. I did penne, chicken, spinach, sun dried tomatoes, zucchini, garlic, and 1/2 alfredo, 1/2 marinara. The banana bread pudding - OUT OF THIS WORLD. Thought about it for days afterward.. And they had a sample of the tomato/mozzarella flatbread at the door.. MMMMMMMMM!!!!There is seating near the checkout area and then outside of the doors overlooking Founder's Hall.The food is quick, very good and I thought incredibly reasonable. It's a great spot for lunch in Uptown. I would definitely recommend a visit.
2	Just went to Taste for lunch.  Well we will get this out of the way first:  the food is good and fresh.  Everything in there is shiny new and clean and sleek.  However, after getting the soup and sandwich combo with a drink, I am STILL HUNGRY.  And I paid over ten bucks!  The sandwich is a half in the combo - which means MINI, we are talking three bites.  Those three bites were good, however for $5.99 today at Jersey Mikes I would have had a huge sandwich AND chips AND a drink.  So - overall I think they should have toned down the chic-ness and tried to price their food better!
4	Most of the food is good, and fresh. I like the sandwiches, the build-your-salad setup they have, and their soup. They lose a star, however, for their "house made potato chips". I'm all about homemade potato chips, but the ones you get here are soggy, paprika bombs. They had absolutely no salt, and the paprika overwhelms everything else. I'd rather a cheap bag of Lay's, please!
5	I love Taste! It's like my official weekday breakfast spot. I mean where else in uptown can you have a made to order egg white omelet with spinach, mushrooms, tomato's, turkey sausage and Parmesan cheese.....cooked in olive oil?? Absolutely nowhere else folks! Yesiree, this is my spot! My only wish would be that they offer salsa as a condiment because I'm tired of having to walk over to Salsarita's to complete my omelet experience:-) They also offer the real deal steel cut oatmeal with your choice of fruit, walnuts, raisins, cranberries, granola, or brown sugar.......talk about cholesterol friendly........man please!  In my honest opinion, for breakfast it just doesn't get any better than this. Yes, I miss Spratt's dearly, but I have a huge crush on Taste right about now. I won't comment on lunch because I've had hit or miss experiences as it changes often. My review would not be complete without recommending the cupcake area for those stressful days....my favorite is the red velvet with a whipped topping.........to die for!  5 stars for breakfast without a doubt!
3	I tried Taste for breakfast today.  I love their clean, modern look ,that J&W students prepare the grub for you and that there is a Sprouts-esque place there but I still miss Sprouts. Taste has an omelet bar which also doubles as a breakfast sandwich station and they also offer an omelet of the day or you can create your own. They get brownie points in my book for offering egg white omelets and have a nice selection of add ins. Omelet was good but didn't seem to gel too well together so I think I will stick to making my own at home. While waiting for my omelet, I looked at the prices of their sandwiches and it seemed a little more than I would like to spend for lunch so think this will be a breakfast only place for me when I want a sandwich. Unfortunately since it was right before the holiday and breakfast time, I didn't get the entire Taste experience.The cashier seemed too involved with her conversation with a random and just sucked her teeth when she told me the price so that turned me off a bit. When you're at work, act professional and do your job, even if you're a college student (younger me is shaking her head at current me for saying this). I did see a sign while walking out that they offer cupcakes now, must check those out!
2	Somebody pointed us here for lunch.  We walked in and I was impressed by the looks of it-- clean, bright space (if slightly futuristic), variety of fresh-looking food.In execution, it didn't really live up to appearances.  My corn-chili bisque didn't really taste like vegetables or spice; my turkey club sandwich had big chunks of dry tasteless turkey on big chunks of dry tasteless bread.  I nibbled at it and threw it away.
1	I will NEVER patronize Taste Cafe again. I don't think I have ever been treated more rudely anywhere  than what I experienced this morning. I'll never spend another dime at Taste either personally or for business catering. Hope their shoulder shrugging 'who cares' attitude filled staff does well with no customers.
4	This is a great concept. I like variety, especially when one works downtown and eats there every day.  I tried Crispy Asian Chicken Wrap. It was prepared in front of my eyes, tasted fresh and had a reasonable price.The place is very - Very clean, bordering on Hospital clean, albeit with more colors of the walls. Staff is very nice, prices are acceptable, and variety is great! Too bad it's in Charlotte, NC. Maybe we need a franchise in the Bay Area. Hmm.
3	Sleek decor but a bit pricey.  I was very impressed with the food and for good reason, the people working behind the counter are Johnson and Wales students (some of them-not all).  I had a falafel sandwich and chips and can't say a bad thing about it, it was fantastic.  They have a wide selection of food to choose from as well.  You can get a turkey burger prepared immediately all the way to picking up a quick deli sandwich and make a quick getaway.  The location makes it convenient for me so that's a plus being that it's in the building I sometimes work in.  I don't know that I would go out of my way to dine here though.
3	Really should be a 2.5.  The place looked really nice, but if I'm just picking up food to go, who cares.  I got the Grilled Chicken Wrap which was the Wrap of the Day, but it was just a simple wrap that tasted a-ok.  It didn't blow my mind or anything.  Maybe I've come to expect too much?  Lunch places that you drop by to pick up grub are generally pretty meh, aren't they?Appreciated the hot sauce packets after paying, because the chicken, while grilled, was a bit dry - probably from being kept in the fridge.  Maybe I shouldn't have ordered something that was prepared in the am.ABSOLUTELY miss Mendocino Farms in downtown L.A. - THE place to eat lunch if you're cool, hip, or just hungry.dmo out.
4	Run by Johnson and Wales students you already know you are going to get some new creative menu options that you find at other places. In that regard it does not fail to disspoint.While they have a standard menu for burgers, sandwiches and salad bar, they also offer daily variances to their specials and their soups so you can always introduce you taste buds to new items. I should note that even their burgers and sandwiches offer unique variances from the buns/bread they come on to the types of homemade spreads or veggies you can add to them.They also serve a terrific breakfast and their spiced oatmill is already amazing but you can add your own toppings. Breakfast also has breakfast sandwiches and other items.The only downside to this place is drinks. I usually opt for a cup for water when I go out. Taste does not offer this option so if you want a drink with your lunch or breakfast, bring you own or be prepared to purchase the bottled variety.Other than that, the food has not yet dissapointed and there is always something new to try. It can be a bit pricy but not really more so than a Panera or other fast casual dining.
3	This place has a very clean and modern feel to it.  I ordered the Caprese sandwich and it was very good, washed it down with a bottle of water.  I ate there and that was fun for people watching.  I would like to try this place again as I am mixed about my review but I can't put my finger on it...
3	Gave this place another shot bc a co-worker loves it.  I thought it was a little better this time since I grabbed the customized salad.  The chicken for the salad was not dry, the cilantro-lime dressing was a little too sweet. The tomatoes were a gem - bursting with flavor.  Disappointing was the greens - some of their produce may be from local markets, but I have a strong feeling, these are from Costco.  Not knocking Costco or the fact that they get it from there, but since they tout freshness, etc, I expected more.  I'll probably go here again since it's really convenient.dmo out.
3	Convenience is king.  3rd time here now and I'm slowly coming around - you just gotta know what to get.  This time I got the artisan sandwich - chicken TMB was deliciousness.  Not quite like my downtown LA spot, but pretty close. I highly recommend the TMB, but that should be pretty obv when you see the throng of people waiting for this particular sandwich.dmo out.
1	Very nice looking place with great decor and good looking deserts.The bad here hugely outweighs the good.... The dude who serves food was ANGRY (rawr) because I didnt know that the special came with rice. Again this dude got angry at the only customer in his place at 1:45 because I didnt know sides came with it. Stay away from this joke, who cares if its students they are clowns acting like children.
3	I've eaten at Taste many times since my initial review, and I haven't really found many dishes that excite me. It's mostly the "default" place I go when I'm in my uptown office for lunch.Today I tried the Grill area, and had a grilled chicken sandwich. It was a fine sandwich, and probably my favorite meal from Taste so far. I will echo what others have said here, the guy working the grill at Taste has a pretty bad attitude. It seems his default expression is a scowl. The look he gave someone when he couldn't hear what they were ordering, was quite rude.If you can get over his attitude, he does make a fine sandwich. Even if he clearly doesn't make it with "love".
3	I've visited this place several times since moving to the 1BAC building next door.  Since the menu changes so frequently the experience can be really hit or miss.  It's a good idea to check the menu online beforehand, which lists out all the specials/salad toppers/soups etc. for each day that week.  This place is a great option for groups as each person will most likely find something he likes.  Although a bit pricey, the food is high quality and they offer half off pre-prepared foods around 4pm on Fridays.  If you're looking for a quick bite to eat, this is a pretty safe bet.
3	Taste offers a large selection of items, from the salad bar, hot station - which changes daily, to the grill, and a soup and sandwich bar.  In addition to the fresh options there are a few select items for the grab-n-go.  Overall the options are plenty, but after giving it three visits, I can say everything is just ok.  Today I went with the soup and sandwich, a shrimp bisque soup and the chicken mozzarella and tomato sandwich. The soup was hot, but very rich and the sandwich was ok.  Very heay on the bread and the chicken could have been skipped.
3	Would like to give this more stars - usually I get either the salad bar or the "international" meal from the grill. The food is usually pretty good from the grill - salad is ok. The service/attitude of some of the staff could use some improvement though/ I see comments below echoing the grill cook's demeanor - I went there today and he was pretty rude. Other times I've gone and have been annoyed at the checkout situation, i.e. I'm standing in line on one side behind a person, and as soon as they're finished checking out, I'm told to go to the other side. Food is great, but service isn't always friendly or pleasant.
4	Good breakfast spot. They make fresh pancakes, biscuits, omelets, you name it! Demitrius - the cook in the morning gives you a warm welcome with a huge smile. Lunch is 'ah ok'. Long lines and mediocre food - def recommend breakfast!
4	Good recipe ideas, but can be hit or miss. The people are great, excellent service, awesome kitchen setup, superb execution, but (at times) mediocre caliber ingredients. It seems as though some of the items were cooked far in advance, or have been sitting out too long. Aside from that, and for the price, you could do a lot worse than taste. Keep up the good work, y'all!
2	Everything here is good and fresh!  That can sometimes go a long way for people but for me... I was a little disappointed in the bang for my buck.  Personally, I think lunch is overated and bland.  Sandwiches and Salads galore though.  The problem was the inconsistancy.  I like coming back to a place that I know is going to be good. Additionally, the sandwiches here can hold a candle to the ones at 7th Street Public Market.  The best part about Taste... The brekfast.  My man makes a mean, but small, omelete that really hits the spot.  I've heard the oatmeal is good, too.  Trust me, stick to breakfast though.-Ian M.
4	For folk working at the bank this is a quick and dirty lunch. I usually go with the salad whenever the lines are not long. The salad is not your average fare; it is something worth waiting the 15 minutes for!
3	I met three friends here who work in the buildings around the restaurant.  This was my first experience.  The line was a bit long, but if the food was worth it, then I didn't mind.  I chose a chicken sand which (number 1). It was good, but, the chicken is so finely ground it was very messy to eat. The taste was awesome, but I would have loved to see the menu of condiments prior to having the pressure of ordering with a long line behind me.  The upstairs dining area has a great view!!  When the weather is nice, the patio is awesome as well.  I would recommend this place to anyone not in a big rush.  I also hear they are closing it down for a while to remodel.  Happy eating!!
5	I have to say that Taste has really stepped it up a notch since their renovation. Though I have been a faithful salad goer for years, the other foods available look and taste incredible.  If you get chance to try the jambalaya when it's offered, jump at it! You won't be disappointed! Wow! Great stuff! Keep up the good work!
3	It has been a few years since I have been back at this place but now that I am working back on this side of Uptown, I went back for breakfast because they had good oatmeal at a good price and some decent toppings.I am not sure how the rest of the place is because I haven't been back for lunch yet but breakfast was disspointing.The oatmeal has been moved to self serve, which is perfectly fine. But it is not well monitored. The oatmeal consistency is now waaay to thick. So much so that it's a struggle to get it out of the laddle.The first time I went, they were out of oatmeal lids so I myself had to rumage underneath the cabinet to find them because no one would come over and help and there were three other customers looking for lids. Today they did not have the larger oatmeal cups and said they were completely out.I'm not sure if managment changed or if I caught them on back-to-back off days, but it doesn't make me want to rush to come back.I used to love this place and there is a lot of potential so I hope they step it up.
4	Taste is a great week day lunch option. It is run by J&W students. It's cafeteria style but items are served to you. They have different menu items on a regular basis. The entrees I have had were eh. When I go, I go for the salad bar. The offer such a wide selection of proteins, greens, vegetables, dressings, cheeses, and toppings. If you like salad, there is definitely enough for you to make a salad you would enjoy. The line can get really long so try to get in a little before noon if possible.
