5	So I should begin this post by saying that I LOVE Bagels! I saw this place & the connected sandwich shop next door to it open recently. I recognized the name of the sandwich shop, Capriotti's, because there is one up in north Scottsdale. I've never eaten there, but have driven by it numerous times. This was my first clue that the new bagel shop was probably locally owned & operated. I always prefer to spend my money at those types of places when possible. When you pull up you notice there is very little parking in the front.There is however ample parking behind the building. If you are familiar with his area, you know parking is a bit limited everywhere. I walked in the front door and was hit by a soft sweet aroma. There were large coffee carafes filled with "Peet's Coffee & Tea" neatly lined up along the wall. The place was well lit, organized, and seemed very clean. I walked up to the counter and was greeted by a friendly man. As expected, there was a large selection of bagels to choose from at the counter. I couldn't pick just one so I decided to go with half a dozen. They had some unique bagels on their menu such as tropical & sourdough. The man kindly offered me an extra container of cream cheese & I decided to try the light veggie one. I brought the bagels home and cut into an asiago one. I notice right away that the bagels were big & thick! They looked homemade & not like the usual generic, mass produced ones you get from Buerger's or Einstein Bros. The inside was so moist. It was almost doughy, but not underdone by any means. Impressive! I lightly toasted it and put the light plain cream cheese on it. The cream cheese was delicious. It doesn't taste like it's the light version either. If the light version is this good I wonder how good the regular cream cheese is?!? Out of curiosity I try a taste of the veggie cream cheese on its own. It's also delicious! Again, you can tell this was homemade and not made in bulk somewhere & sent out. A good balance of flavors! This is my new favorite bagel shop. I cannot wait to try the rest of the bagels I bought. Next time I want to try some of their coffee & or bagel breakfast sandwichs. There will definitely be a next time. This is such a great addition to the CenPho neighborhood!
5	I think I arrived opening day.  They were still getting their bearings.  But all I had to do was bite into the bagel breakfast sandwich to forgive all indiscretions.  I had the one with spinach, mushrooms, cheese and pesto.  Very original and extremely tasty!  Staff was friendly and love that its a unique local place.  Very small space other than the seating outside.  Give it a try and bring your friends!  These types of great places need our support to keep our neighborhood special.Another great thing about this place is that they took a sad old building, refurbished it and made it look great.  Gentrifying the neighborhood instead of building new (like a certain Z'Tejas is doing) is much more helpful at retaining the charm of the area.
5	I'm convinced that Everything Bagels officially has the best bagels and coffee (Peets) in the city! Welcome to the neighborhood! We will be back! Alot!
3	Overall a really nice little place. Great decor, and fresh squeezed OJ. I got a breakfast sandwich with pesto, mushroom and swiss cheese. The only reason it gets 3 stars instead of 4 is the eggs. I like an egg cracked and cooked on a grill, not poured from a carton. I will be back though, it was yummy!
4	Good decor, love the location. Being jewish, I love a good bagel and shmear ;) I was bummed they were out of everything bagels when I arrived at 11 am on a Saturday, only to have fresh ones made right after I got my order! Darn! Decent prices, and will be back!
2	I have visited Everything Bagels from the first week they opened.  I've been there about 4 times, and I'm ready to give up.  They always fall a little short.  They are not particularly friendly, they charge a lot more for some of the bagels (cinnamon, for example) with little notice, and they run out of items early (no worries, if you wait 15 minutes they will produce them for you).  I think it's adequate, if you have no other choices, but not the superior experience I was hoping for from a small operation.
5	Super friendly, chatty (if you want them to be) people.  The bagels were made-that-day-fresh and the spicy cream cheese was great.
5	Best bagels we have had in a long time. Ours were fresh baked straight out of the oven right when we walked in.
1	It's no surprise that the businesses around this place have lines & full parking lots, and this place has the buzz of zero interest.I woke up with a craving for a fresh bagel this morning, and decided to walk over to Everything Bagels. I walked in at 7:20 to a place with no sign of life. The display case was nearly empty, and there were very few bagels in baskets. I thought maybe they were closed. I was about to leave when an older man stepped out of the back. I asked if they were open, to which he gruffly responded, "yes, the door was open, wasn't it"? I was taken off guard by his rudeness, and apologized, and simply told him that it didn't seem like they were open yet. He said, "you're fine", as if I was the rude dumb-ass. He proceeded to lecture me on the fact that he was the only one there, and that he had many things he had to do all by himself. Here's some free advice dude --- it takes 2 seconds to make a card that says, "In back. I'll be with you in a moment". At this point, all I want to do is order something, and get the hell out of there. THEN, he asks me if I want a drink. I ask him how the iced coffee is served, to which he patronizingly says, "well, I give you a cup of ice, and you can poor the medium or dark roast over it". When I decline, he says, "do you mind telling me why you dont' like coffee over ice"?.  More free advice - - It's stinking hot here, and you have to be totally clueless not to offer your customers a descent iced coffee during a Phoenix summer.  Since he asked me why I don't like they way they serve it, I tell him that I don't like pouring hot coffee over ice because it just melts the ice cubes, and makes the drink watery. ---- DUH!I then muster all the politeness I have to ask him if he has every had toddy coffee. I mention that it's smooth, delicious & easy to make.  He goes on this diatribe about all the water that is required to make a toddy coffee taste good. I make toddy coffee at home all the time, and he clearly didn't know what the heck he was talking about. It takes time, but not a huge amount of water. HUGE SURPRISE --- When I asked him if he had ever had toddy coffee, he said he had not. The take-away from this is that hot coffee over ice is bad. However you get your hands on cold brew is up to you, but a cold brew over ice is a key component to iced coffee. Summary: Customer service is key. If you don't have it, then you don't have my business.
3	We live across the 51 from 16st & Bethany Home road which has undergone a revitalization in the last several years that has added a lot to the neighborhood. When we saw this place open a couple of weeks ago, we were excited to see a bagel shop other than the usual caned corporate choices.  the bagels were unbelievably good and the place was clean, but open for a couple of weeks doesn't allow much time to dirty a place up plus the square footage is no bigger than a Dutch Brothers. the pricing was a surprise as well. I was expecting to pay a boutique price on the bagels but they were in line with the chains. The only thing that bothered me was the friendliness of the staff.  The guy behind the counter seemed a little too disinterested. I don't expect the guy to break into song but the place just opened and a little hospitality might go a long way in getting people to come back.
3	It should go without saying, but their everything bagels are the best thing here! In my opinion. My wife loves the lox and cream cheese, and some chocolate coffee thing as well. I am plan black coffee, butter or plain cream cheese on my bagel type. But seriously, it's the everything bagels that keep us coming back, not sure what it is about them that are so different from other bagel shops.
5	Great service, bagels are awesome. Perfect!
5	I was in need of a delicious meal to help me recover from Oktoberfest @tempe town lake.  A bagel sandwich seemed ideal so I searched yelp for everything bagels (cause I love everything bagels) and found this place.  Enthused and hazy from many beers the prior evening around noon I got the courage to leave my bed and make the journey to everything bagels.  I got their lox bagel sandwich on pumpernickel bread (The New Yorker) and iced americano and fresh squeezed orange juice.  Everything was great the lox was perfect the bagel was like a bagel should be not like that Einstein's BS, New York style FANTASTIC. The coffee was also good in fact I was going to give 4 stars but that rude woman who gave them 1 star because they don't have a cold brewed coffee is crazy, yes cold brewed coffee is delicious but coffee over ice is not terrible it was fine.  So to help boost their star rating they deserve I give 5 stars.  I will def be back again to try the other egg breakfast sandwiches, one more thing I got a Hawaiian bagel to go cause it sounded intriguing and it didn't let down it was like a kings Hawaiian roll in delicious bagel form!!!
5	Great non-chain place to grab a bagel. Great ice tea choices also. Bagels were better than the national chain stuff.
3	I went on a Saturday morning for a bagel sandwich and some coffee. Overall there were a wide variety of bagel flavors and I tried an everything bagel as well as a sundried tomato one. The bagels were average, the crust was not very thick and the interior was very dense, not chewy or soft, and more importantly the dough's taste was bland. In essence, just an average bagel no different than one at Einstein's or another chain. Still pretty good for a quick bite on the go, but a bit disappointing if you're expecting a departure from the typical. The regular drip coffee was great though, PEETS!
2	Ok so as a true NYer, I have to give my honest opinion here.  I have been here a few times and keep giving them more chances, but I've decided its not really worth it.   The store opens at 6am.  I arrive at 638 am today and the only bagels that are made are plain and sesame.  They have about 20 different bagel options listed on the baskets and on the menu on the wall - but there are only 2 options at 638 in the morning.  I specifically ask for a SOFT bagel as my bagel last week was hard.  He squeezes one, throws it back in the basket and takes another.  So obviously too hard for me - but good enough for someone else?  Bagels are bland, cream cheese is bland, staff is bland, bad lighting in the store, nothing super interesting here.  Why would I even give them 2 stars?  Because its still better than Einsteins or Bruggers!
5	Hands down best bagels in Phoenix. I am a true bagel snob (from NJ) and this is as close as it gets to authentic NYC bagels. They don't have pork roll though! Bialys and bagels are continuously cooked throughout the morning and always so good.  Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside like it should be. I called ahead today to make sure they had what I wanted- I have gone in previously in hopes of picking up a few bialys and they were sold out or didn't make them that day. The staff said if I called in 30 min before that I could order anything I wanted with any topping and it would be done. True to their word today!! The staff is extremely nice and on the ball always!Einsteins and Brueggers can't compare!
2	Long line, slow service. Coffee was cold - not fresh. Like many other reviewers... I am  from NY, the bagel was just okay. I won't be back.
5	I finally got to try this place and wow, SO GOOD. The hours are a bit unconventional but I was able to catch them while they were open. I got the pesto florentine on a spinach and cheese bagel. Delicious. Comes with egg, spinach, mushrooms and pesto. Everything was super fresh.I'm going to try a new bagel every time I come back to this place. I'm sure I won't be disappointed.
1	Awful customer service.  Employee I ordered from could not have been more disinterested and rude.  Bagels were supposed to be toasted and were soggy.  When order was ready my bag was just slammed on the counter and the employee walked away.  Was hoping for a new place in my neighborhood to frequent but will never be back after the way I was treated here.
2	Customer Service 101: Greet your customers. Preferably when they walk in the door. Don't toss receipts and cards on the counter, especially when their hands are extended to receive said items. Don't shove the bagel across the counter towards them, especially if their hands are reaching out. Thank your customers for visiting. Don't dismissively walk away without a word. Change this and you'll get a return customer. Not someone who tells friends and neighbors that "the bagels are okay, but they've horrible customer service."
2	Not quite sure how this place has four stars, but I know it isn't for their customer service or selection of bagels.  Been there 3 times and never greeted with a "hello" but rather, "what do you want"?  Also, I have never seen more than 4 or 5 varieties of bagels.  Here is a novel idea as well....try not to get onions in your blueberry bagels....it kinda ruins it.  Good coffee though....so you get two stars.
1	Only giving it one star because wasn't  happy with the way they made my breakfast burrito wasn't worth the money they were charging. I got a egg and cheese burrito which I get all the time depending on what place I go. They cooked my eggs in the microwave which I did not like at all but I didn't say anything  because it didn't look like they would do it any other way. Also wasn't  rolled up to its best to keep the eggs from falling out. But I would go back there to try there bagels. looks like that's what they're known for I just wouldn't ever get the breakfast burrito there ever again.
2	Great place for bagels, but customer service could use some work. They always seem unhappy.
5	I pop in for a bagel probably 2-3 times a month and the staff is very friendly and fast.  They remember you and smile.  The bagels are way better than Einstein's.
2	We decided to try this place because it's within close proximity to my daughter's preschool. Not impressed. First, their system for taking orders makes no sense. I had to tell the person in charge of cutting the bagels what I wanted, then repeat my entire order to a man not five feet away so he could punch it into the POS system.Second, the gentleman behind the counter was incredibly rude. I ordered a cold-brewed coffee, but noticed that the one carafe marked "iced coffee" was empty. When I informed the employee behind the counter, he responded that he had prepared two carafes of cold brew, then directed me to a carafe filled with boiling hot coffee.Third, the baskets in which they serve the bagels don't fit their trays, so when my wife grabbed her tray, one of our bagels slid right off onto the floor. They remade the bagel for free, but the gentleman behind the counter was a jerk about it.I'm not sure what compels people to come here. Their "New Yorker" uses the same toppings as Einstein Bros., to the one, with no discernible increase in quality. I can easily buy red onions, capers, and lox and prepare the dish at home.We had actually planned on taking some bagels to go, but the service was so poor that I didn't want to reward them with any more of my money.I basically had the exact same experience as Todd C. and wished that I had read his review before coming --mediocre food and abysmal customer service. As another reviewer noted, I, too, was not greeted when I walked through the door. Go elsewhere.
5	My favorite bagel place! The sesame and everything bagels are my favorites. Had a bacon, egg and cheese on a sesame this morning. PERFECT start to my Friday morning commute. I usually like to purchase a few to take home as well. It can get busy on the weekends, but there's plenty of seating in Capriotti's and even a fairly large outdoor patio as well. I would recommend.
3	I stopped in here today after trying Capriottis next door. More out of curiosity since I am a NY and always on the search for a great bagel. So far the best I have found is in the west valley and still nothing here comes close. My fellow Yelpers help me out. Where can I get a good NY bagel? Well, I thought the sign saying Kettle Boiled would pull me in. To be honest, I was happy because I saw that they have Salted bagels. I love Salted bagels and rarely can find them. I got one and it was just alright. I don't know what else to say. It was good, not great. It was not bad at all so three stars from me. I had no problems with the service at all as others stated. The girl was young and new to the job. She did not go out of her way to wow us but she was sweet and not rude as others mentioned.  Again, three stars. One thing I did think was kind of strange.  I asked her what a Hawaiian bagel was and she said she did not know. They did away with it a while ago. Why it is on the menu still? She said some other worker knows what it is but she doesn't know that ladies name nor what the bagel is. Hmmm, kind of weird. I still want to know what a Hawaiian bagel is and who is this mysterious lady with the power of the Islands knowledge? -lol- does the bagel have Mango in it? First world Foodie problems/questions. I can't sleep until I know-Ha! Just kidding. I would go back to try some of their other items. However, I would not really go out of my way unless i was in the neighborhood. To be honest, that neighborhood has a lot of competition for good eats.
1	I feel bad writing a one star review but come on! I went in today after wanting to try this place for forever. There was no line and nobody waiting. The lady in front of us ordered two bagels and we waited for probably ten minutes. Then someone came in and asked if they had started making the bagels they ordered 30 minutes ago(for 2 asiago bagels!), we already waited 10,so we just walked out. The service was way too slow! Hopefully next time I go it will be much faster and I can give this place a better review!
4	Stopped by for the first time this morning, found this place by asking the yelp gods for some new breakfast spots. Conveniently this is right down the street from me. I had an egg, cheese and bacon sandwich on a garlic bagel that was toasted, it was delicious. I was worried that it would be skimpy but I was proved wrong. I will definitely be back to try some more of their bagels, there are many flavors to try! Plus you can't go wrong with China Mist tea!
2	Wife likes it.  Bagels OK.  Service terrible.  Took 15 minutes to get 3 bagels.  Wife can go there but I won't be back.  Way too much competition for my $$ in this part of town for such lousy service.
2	Ok I have been here Four times now. The bagels are good.  But all four times they were out of something. And 3 of the 4 visits the coffee was luke warm.  When all you sell is coffee and bagels.  Here is a tip. Have bagels and hot coffee!  This is an easy fix whoever is running this place.
3	Like many people here in Arizona and from NY, I've been on the search for a great bagel. I thought I had found something here, but I seem to get inconsistent bagels.My first time I had a sesame bagel with egg and that was great. But this weekend, I had an everything with cream cheese and a plain with egg salad. The everything was not too bad but the plain, oh the plain, I can't even say it was a bagel!!! The plain bagel needs to be your best bagel!  I was pleased with the customer service, though there was only one guy working with basically no bagels in the bins. I rate this place a 3, but 2 stars for the bagel.
3	The bagels are great but the service is not. Everyone is very nice, but they often get my order wrong. If you can get past that, the bagels are delicious.
5	I had a terrible one star first experience and went back to give them another try. I was not disappointed, the service was fast and efficient and the food came out so good!!! What I like most is a bagel sandwich is less than 5 bucks and full of good stuff!
