5	Nothing, but nothing, beats discovering a spectacular little place completely by accident -- which is how I found Chakra 4 for lunch today.  I was at the Biltmore area My Sister's Closet, just for fun, and decided to wander around the shopping center, saw this place, and thought "Hey, this looks quirky."  It's so much more than quirky, it's a perfect vegan tea house.  GREAT Wood Mushroom Pizza, tremendous tea list, and exceptional house made healthy chocolates.  I'm so going back often, the warm and healing atmosphere, super smart and friendly ladies on staff, and fantastic food take you totally out of Phoenix into a completely better world.  Don't miss this place -- it's VASTLY better than any of those mega restaurants at Biltmore Fashion Park, and it's just down Camelback Road;  perfect for an afternoon shopping pick me up when you're in that nieghborhood!
5	We, too, discovered this place by accident.  The staff was VERY helpful, they have every herb you can imagine for cooking, healing, eating, etc.  Their tea list is two menus long,  including a big section of red and non-caffeinated teas (for me!).  I had a red tea with coconut and pineapple (think pina colada, hot tea style! YUM) Their salads looked delish on the menu, but we weren't hungry enough to eat.  Will definitely be back to try the food, and if nothing else, hang out for more tea.  They do "to go" as well for their tea, so instead of stopping at Starbucks, this would be much tastier (and healthier).  The atmosphere is very relaxing, there is outside seating as well.  It very much felt like we were in another country...which was a nice surprise!We WILL go back!
5	We were heading to Trader Joes and ran into this gem.  We had the 3 dip appetizer and and each had our own different tea.  Everything was great and the staff was extremely knowledgeable and friendly.  The smell of all the herbs and food when you walk in is enough to make you want to give it a chance!
5	I can't rave about CHAKRA 4 enough. I can't believe I had to stumble upon this place to find it! If you're a vegan, vegetarian, yogi, health nut, tea-lover, or just like great veg food and drinks, this place is for you. I got the Chaga tea (chai, Chaga, agave nectar, milk)...YUM.Overall, if you're in need of a post-yoga tea, or just want a healthy pick-me-up, head to Chakra 4.
5	Awesome store! Ashley at the counter was very helpful and even looked up ingredients to make sure I bought the right product for me on my road trip. Thank you!!
4	Love Chakra 4! We have been spoiled by previous staff that were there for years! Unfortunately they are no longer there. The owner and I actually attended sister schools. I only wish the store had more space its hard to take everything in when there's not much room and everyone is stepping on each other. We are excited to check out the new store in Ahwatukee! Super blessed to have this available and recommend to everyone to try natural remedies and herbs for anything YOU could imagine!
5	This place is AMAZING.  I truly can't say enough about Chakra 4.  I recently found out I am stage IV cancer. We stopped by so I could eat an organic meal at Sage and not only was it fantastic, but I discovered this gem called Chakra 4.  Not only was Justin a Fountain of information, I purchased teas and herbs that will help my condition.  I feel great and Il will be back each week.
5	I don't know a lot about tea, especially the loose leaf variety favored by connoisseurs, but this is the place to go for fancy high-end varieties.  I was warmly greeted and doted upon when I visited this place.  The staff was super friendly and helped me navigate some unfamiliar territory on this, my maiden voyage, into the world of tea.  My mission was to prepare a number of tea drinks as a tester for a yet-to-be published cookbook based on tea.  Here I was able to find lapsang souchong, a smoked tea leaf, that would be part of an exotic tea drink.  The smell of the product, like the store itself, was heavenly, as the tea clerk presented the opened bulk jar to me, allowing me to linger on its wafting aroma.I also managed to learn about the companion restaurant to this place, Sage, which I now have a vested interest in learning about, since it was mentioned that they serve a lapsang souchong-infused egg dish.  In order to learn more about the uses of tea as both a beverage and a savory recipe ingredient, I signed up on their e-mail list and will be back to pick the brains of the tea experts here.  They also carry a large line of dried herbs and tinctures to address natural approaches to health and optimal wellness.This is the rare kind of shop where you are treated to an educational experience, a helpful hand, and a world of possibilities... all in the course of a single visit.
5	You know what's sweet? Coming here on a nice day, sitting outside with a friend and drinking tea from Chakra 4 Herb & Tea House. My boyfriend and I ordered go chai and wild blueberry tea. We drank and drank and drank. We also had side gourmet girl scout cookies-but they aren't the highlight. Once in a while I stop by and buy an ounce of tea. Good stuff. Can't wait for the weather to cool off a bit so I can come back for more mid-day tea time adventures!
4	Out of town on vacation and stumbled into a tea store. Naturally. They had a decent selection of black, white, green teas and rooibos. The staff were very helpful and I was able to get a vacation supply of a few things to drink. The place is kind of hidden away in this shopping center near a Trader Joe's and other stores, but if you venture back it's worth it.
