4	The lunch buffet closed on us for lunch so we just went for Cheese Burger Las Vegas at the Dessert Passage in Aladdin. The burgeres are huge and more importantly, flavorful. The presentaion has a nice hawaiian theme to it. Server was courteous and promt.
4	I love that the dessert passage at the Aladdin Hotel is totally "representing" Hawaii, with Cheeseburger in Paradise and a ABC Store! When I last stayed at this hotel I was more than a little delighted to discover this Cheeseburger in Paradise downstairs since both my boyfriend and I are huge fans of the original on Maui. Also the menu is priced nicely for those not looking the spend the big bucks on dinner. I am a fan of the Mushroom & Swiss, with the Black & Blue being a solid second choice.
4	Good food, even the Mahi Mahi sandwich. A little weird that you have to order fries separately, but prices are decent. Plus one star for an amusing name... makes me want to open a competing restaurant called "Sandwich".
4	i loved my black&blue burger (blue cheese and bacon), but my family's mush&swiss and reg cheeseburger tasted kind of bland to me. the burger comes w/ a pineapple that i stuffed in my burger and it really adds a different flavor to your burger. fries are kind of like KFC's potato wedges but much much better. and the waiter was so nice, he threw in another basket free for us. Great place for a late night burger!
3	Eh. Boring. No surprises here. The food is fine, the waitstaff fine, but all in all a pretty anti-climactic experience. I guess I was expecting something a little more over the top, like a giant cheeseburger dancing around the aisles, passing out mustard and ketchup packets or something. I ordered the gardenburger with bleu cheese and bacon, but they forgot the bacon. The fries were decent, but a little flavorless. The unlimited amounts of soda was nice though, and helped me recover from last night's hangover dehydration quite effectively, all the while hopping me up on caffeine. Yes!!!!!!!!!!
3	This was the first meal we ate while in Vegas this past weekend. We were staying at the new Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino (fomerly the Aladdin) and so we walked around the mall inside while waiting for our room to be ready.We've been to Cheeseburger in Paradise on Maui, and that one is definitely cooler, at least regarding the atmosphere.  The food is good but not grand.  A bit overpriced (the $9 burgers don't come with fries).  As for me, I only eat fish, so I got the mahi mahi sandwich/burger option.  It actually came with a macadamia nut cole slaw, but I didn't notice any mac nuts in there.  The tropical drink I ordered off the menu was tasty (and I could still taste some booze in it), but I didn't get buzzed off it.But service was good overall and same with the food.  Not quite the funky novelty that it was in Hawaii, but not bad for a lunch in Vegas either.  Now that I think about it, this place is reasonable in comparison to lots of other places in Vegas.
3	Kind of a family joint, not very fancy. I really enjoyed my burger although the fact that I hadn't eaten the whole day because I was so excited for my trip, could partly attribute. I had the Ali'i burger which was a cheeseburger with an egg in it. I was loving the egg part. It's a thick burger and will get you full.It is a bit of a rip off because the burger doesn't come with their seasoned fries. The fries were tasty though.I drank the double punch mai-tai; I suggest that one, it's pretty strong and has 151 in it, yowzas!About $60 for 3 people.
2	cheeseburger is originally from hawaii and is super popular there. hmm.. sorry, but that should have been the first red flag. i do like the occasional loco moco or spam musubi, and i do love poke, but for the most part hawaiian cuisine doesn't rank high on my list. cheeseburger does nothing to further the cause. the island style burger i got was topped with a grilled maui pineapple ring and teriyaki sauce, and some uninspiring shredded lettuce and sliced tomato. the patty was an unappetizing beige, with hardly any char, and was cooked through fairly well. as far as flavor, not much in that department. a very disappointing $10 burger. the oreo shake i got tasted like a few oreos tossed into water with some ice and blended ever so briefly. any attempt at consuming my beverage through provided straw was thwarted by chunks of ice. the chili cheese fries were ok, but rarely do places mess up something as simple as that. overall, i'd rather go to my local islands chain.
4	I see there are a lot of mixed reviews about this place... Anyhow, I liked the Cheeseburger a lot. Being a vegetarian, I was hesitant at first to eat here. However, my friends and I had been walking around Planet Hollywood and we were starving. It was either the Cheeseburger or the other options (La Salsa, etc.), which didn't sound too great. On top of that, the boys that were with us really wanted burgers. First of all, I was shocked to see how large the menu was. They have a very wide variety of burgers here. And another plus, they had not only one, but two vegetarian options (the usual GardenBurger and a Tofu Burger).I had ordered the Tofu Buger and it was DELICIOUS! My friends had mushroom and swiss burgers, which they all loved. I thought the burgers were very tasty and BIG. Aside from the burgers though, the chilly cheese fries weren't that good. So i don't know about their sides.. But the burgers were great. I like places that can make a good veggie burger, and they did it right here.  It is a bit pricey, but they do give you A LOT in your burger.
4	burger was better than good and the fries were yummy. pina colada? now THAT was delicious.
2	I don't like cheeseburgers, so maybe I am not the best person to review this, but I will try to focus on foods other than the forementioned...The food was mediocre at best. The place was too "facyfied" meaning that it was made out to be something that it wasn't. I thought that all of the Hawaiian decor was tasteless and unnecessary. The food was okay. Not worth the prices here. I can get better items from most other neighborhood places. The service was poor. The waitress was not knowledgeable about the (limited as it is) menu and was taking too long. The "famous" fries were not any better than steak fries anywhere else. I won't be returning to this place.
3	Burgers were pretty good. I tried the Ali'i Cheeseburger which had the fried egg on it. Somewhat similar to the Royal Red Robin Burger. Their ranch dressing is pretty yummy. They server beer and other alcoholic drinks as well. The fries are better because they're more like steak fries with seasoning on it. I wasn't too impressed with the cheese fries though, but I would rate them higher than Islands cheese fries. Oh yeah, fries don't come with your meal, you have to order that separately.The waitress was pretty attentive and when we went there weren't that many people. I was there for a late lunch.
2	It's a decent burger.  Not necessarily my style, but they do a fair job.Note this is in "Planet Hollywood" now (formerly Aladdin).
4	Man juicy good ol chee burgers. For some reason I have to come here when I visit Vegas. I think it is the Royal Ali'i Burger, who can resist and delicious burger with a fried egg cheese and bacon on it. MAN I always get this burger after a long night of drinking, and need a little grease healing the next day. MMM MMM getting hungry just thinking about it. The chili cheese fries are really good too. Very nice laid back Hawaiian themed place to eat, plus you can catch a little side show act if you get seated in the right place.
4	I always love a good burger, and this place definitely serves one. The restaurant makes you feel like you're in Hawaii (mainly because that's where the first original location is). The service was fast and friendly. I had their 'Shrooms and Swiss burger, which was awesome with their seasoned fries. I think I'll snag myself a t-shirt from this place the next time I visit Vegas.
4	i really liked the cheeseburgers here. I came here around 9pm after watching the O show in the Bellagio. It wasn't crowded and we were seated at the bar right away. There was plenty of tables around. I got the guacamole cheeseburger and it was deelish! It was really big and juicy. It even come with a slice of pineapple. My bf ordered the regular cheeseburger and it also come with a slice of pineapple. It would be a lot better if the burgers came with fries or something. My burger was $9 and my bf's was $6. I so wanted to try their famous mai tai and pina colada, but i didn't get the chance...I would come back!
3	I'll admit that I went into this place because of the name that lured me in like those i can haz cheezburger cats.  I was window (reluctantly but trying to save $!) shopping at Miracle Mile the night before and saw their banner ad somewhere around there urging you to have a cheeseburger for breakfast.  They were also reviewed in one of the in-room vegas mags (sept '08) saying that it was one of the best places to go for a good burger on the strip that was convenient and not too pricey.  It was about 1/2 full around 1pm (our "brunch") and seemed very clean to me but what do I know, I wasn't watching employees wash their hands and that's what I saw that they were cited for last month (mentioned in someone's earlier review on here).  They are coming under review again soon to make sure that errors have been corrected so I am assuming that they want to stay open and are making sure to follow procedures.  I actually checked out the health dept citations and A LOT of restaurants on the strip were cited, some even temporarily closed so I figure if it's open it's most likely at least safe, esp since they have the follow up re-inspection soon after.My boyfriend got the guacamole burger and after much back and forth and having the patient and polite waitress coming by 5 times as I kept changing my mind and needing another minute (so many choices for a place with such a simple name!) I got a big salad with mixed greens, tomato, cucumber, mushrooms, croutons and a big piece of surprisingly delicious grilled mahi for a burger place.  We also got a big basket of their thick cut delicious seasoned fries to share - def more than enough for 2 hungry people to share.  The total, before tax, before tip came to $28 and we just had water to drink...I think the burger was $9-10, the fries were $4.25, the salad itself was about $10 so I guess adding the grilled fish was an extra $4.  I had a bite of the bf's cheeseburger and it was perfectly juicy and delicious and I wanted my own and regretted ordering that damn salad! (was trying to be semi-healthy b/c I was having the sinful but yummy fries!). Black and blue burger (cheeseburger with bluecheese) looked good to me and I'd try that if I ever went back.  A little pricey for just a burger but it is a sit-down restaurant so def not too bad.  Now you want to talk crazy prices - try $9 for a ben and jerry's regular size scoop of frozen yogurt in a waffle cup that we shared later when we were watching the rain show there.
4	takes me bak to hawaii wen i eat here. service was great..me and my friends ate lunch here (drunk) yeah i knw too erly but we wer in vegas lol. we really enjoyed it..i had da pineapple teriyaki burger wit a side of onion rings and it was onolicious!
4	All I remember about my black & blue burger was that it was the most delicious thing I had ever eaten.However: It was my 21st birthday. I had just sat through an incredibly hilarious/awkward chippendales show with my sisters, mom & grandmother.. and we hadn't eaten in about 15 hours BUT had enjoyed several yards of various alcoholic beverages while trekking up and down the strip in search of food. But still.. I (vaguely)remember saying-repeatedly- that it was the best food I had ever come in contact with, so I gotta give it the best back.
3	Some people have their opinions and I definitely thin this place HAS gone down in quality since the first time I visited 4 years ago, but their burgers are still really good in my opinion and I do crave them time to time. They are pricey for what you get and I guess it's not the best burger place there is in Las Vegas so I wouldn't recommend going here unless you really just don't care.
3	This place was pretty good... the service was slow, and they kept trying to push souvenirs on us, but i came here because i was craving a burger.. i had the black and blue burger, and my coworker (we were in town for a convention) and i shared the basket of fries.. and yes, it really is something to share, because there were a whole lot of fries there! my burger was damn tasty, and the fries were good too.. the drinks were a waste of money, not very good or very strong, but oh the heavenly combination of blue cheese, bacon, and burger... it was tasty and satisfying... :)in short, skip the expensive drinks, ignore the excessive merchandizing, and accept that service in most places in vegas is slow, and you won't be disappointed.
3	I'm still a firm believer that nothing beats In-n-out but, when you haven't eaten all day and you're planning to be out for a good portion of your night Cheeseburger has some awesome, well, cheeseburgers! I enjoyed a bacon cheeseburger, the seasoned fries are great and you can probably split an order with a friend. Staff is friendly and there was no wait on a Friday night when we went.
2	Big burgers BUT who serves burgers and charges extra for fries? Seemed like the servers were on commission bc everything was an upsale point.  burgers were large but not worth $8+ whatever else you wanted to add to it.  Then we waited 30 extra minute for our bill.So many places to eat in Vegas; next time In-n-Out it is.
1	We should have know better to expect a decent burger from a place that had maybe 8 tables full on a Friday night.  I seriously believe that McDonald's puts more beef in their burgers.The service was almost non-existent despite the fact that there were more than enough staff for the limited numbers of patrons.We ordered also ordered a basket of 1/2 onion rings, 1/2 french fries since the burgers come with NOTHING.  They were what saved the meal from being a complete wash.Don't waste your time or money.
1	Boo hoo, I heard that this place used to be pretty good, but I wasn't very impressed with the food at all. The service was nice, but doesn't warrant me going back to have a frozen patty burger and soggy fries. It's kinda a campy kinda place with the hula stuff all over. If you're in the Miracle Mile, cross the way to any of the other eating establishments and get your grub on. But Cheeseburger Las Vegas has anything but good cheeseburgers.... where's my 8 oz and 1/4 lbs!?!
1	The cheeseburgers were nasty.  When our food was delivered the hamburgers were gray in color and they tasted soggy and flavorless.  Do not waste your money here.
2	I've been to the sister restaurants in Hawaii - Oahu and Maui, so I had some decent expectations.The food was good.  I ordered a hawaiian cheeseburger, and my friends ordered the mushroom burger and bacon cheeeseburger..  Both were satisfied.   We also ordered the Chili Cheese Fries.  This is what causes the 2 star rating.After finishing the meal,  I felt something churn in my tummy.  Good thing I was staying at the pH, where I ran to the elevators to go to my room to take a dump.  It must've been something.  And then 5 minutes later my friends are like we've gotta use the bathroom too!     Enough said.
5	The most delicious burger I've ever had.  I got to try Cheeseburger Las Vegas during my visit to Vegas in June.  Can't remember the name of what I ordered, but I do remember it had bacon and avocado...it was one of their "everything on it" options.The feel of the restaurant reminds me a lot of Islands, another burger joint that I'm very familiar with in San Diego.  The burgers were day-and-night better, though.  The staff was friendly, and the drinks (I tried a Pina Colada) were stiff.  But what gets so many stars from me was the sheer deliciousness of the burger.  It was huge, and the meat was seasoned perfectly.I hope these guys open up in San Diego some day (with apologies to the local burger places in my town that I love so much :] ); I'd be very happy if they did.
2	We were in the mood for some burgers and was about to pop into blondies when we spotted this big cheeseburger sign.  The menu looked good so we went in and were seated.  it was close to 3:30 at that point, so there were just a scatter of people around. our waiter came over promptly to get our drink orders...and that was the end of our service.  From then on, we had to wave him down time and time again to order our food, follow up on our food orders, order more drinks, get our checks, etc. you get the idea.  Since it was close to 3:30 already, we were all STARVING and really confused cuz it wasnt crowded or anything...what gives??  Everytime we flagged down our waiter, he always seemed like he was in a hurry and always told us, be with you in a sec...at which point, we would have to flag him down again to remind him.  So service-wise, this place sucked.  Food-wise...well we were all so hungry when we finally got our food, we would've eaten anything.  I got a loco moco, and others got the grilled mahi sandwich, chicken fingers, and some lady edna's burger (something like that).  My loco moco was pretty good, way too much rice, but i wasnt close to finishing it anyways since my stomach had already shrunk by then.  My friend said her burger was good, but the other 2 didnt finish their food.  I tried a bite of the sandwich and it was pretty gross..completely dried out fish....bleh!! Good thing we also got a basket of fries!  Overall, this place is totally overpriced, which is to be expected in vegas but they need to work on their service!
3	Just near the V Theater, was this convenient burger restaurant that appealed to our starving appetite. I'm sure some fast-food place would have been good too, but because we were starving, the burger tasted soooooo good! It took a while to get to the table, but once it did, it was gone in 3 minutes. Maybe 2.5 minutes. Random stuff in this joint, like the Indian stuff, camels, elephants in a Hawaiian cheeseburger place... but it was cool. It was fun to look at all the stuff there. Service was okay, not the best, but not the worst I've had. Also it wasn't packed and really loud, so I enjoyed that moment of slow-paced Vegas eating. Overall it was good, but if I wasn't so lazy, I'd go drive out to the In & Out down the ways.... no offense cheeseburger land.
3	When you wake up late, wander around and then realize you're starving, this is not a bad stop.  I had the turkey burger and while it wasn't fabulous, it was fine.  Tintin liked his Hawaiian burger and we both thought the chili cheese fries were good.  We ordered too much, as usual, so we didn't finish but everything was acceptable.
4	Yay! Yes I am a fan.Me and my girlfriend stumbled upon this place, just walking around Planet Hollywood's shopping area. We talked about eating soon and how much we were craving burgers. What do you know? Cheeseburger was the name of the restaurant. How simple was the decision on choosing a restaurant to eat at? Easy, after seeing this.I'll start out with the service like I usually do. The host was real friendly. We conversed about Vegas, shops and the actual restaurant. He recommended a few items for us to try, making us even more hungry. Our waiter was equally friendly and courteous. Always stopping by at convenient times to check if we needed any kind of service. The food was superb. I ordered a burger named "It's all good". I would say yes it was all good. The burger contained a line-up of amazing tasty delicacies. Swiss Cheese, Mushrooms(my favorite vegetable), Guacamole and Bacon. Absolutely delicious. A minor inconvenience is that fries do not come along side your burger. It's not a big deal. Seasoned steak fries is what they serve and those were delicious as well. Gave our waiter a nice tip because me and my girlfriend were highly satisfied with this place.I definitely want to come back here and try out the other burgers. Next time you're in Vegas. Make sure to pay a visit.
4	I don't remember what burger I had ordered from here but I remembered that it had been good!! Planning on going back the next time that I'm visiting vegas...which is oh.....in a week or so! :)
2	Average tourist bar food. Sliders were really good but nothing else aside from the coleslaw wowed me or the party I was with... Speaking of the coleslaw...  You can get coleslaw as a side - it's not on the menu. But be warned - they put macadamian nuts on it - why in God's name would you put nuts on/in coleslaw???? Yeah, I know it's a Hawaiian joint, that's no excuse... And it's really good coleslaw - again with an island flair (while the nuts can come on the side it's pre-made with pineapple in it). Hawaiians have sacred lands - why can they not respect a simple, sacred side dish like cole slaw?
5	Great spot for a good tasting, inexpensive meal in sin city.  They also have a bunch of what I like to call "beachside cocktails" which are like "pirate hookers", deceptive, dangerous, and sneaky.  But they always seem like the best looking thing on the menu.You should come here to try the pirate hoo... I mean beachside cocktails!
4	Hands down one of the juiciest burgers I've ever had.  And who doesn't love a twist of pineapple on their beef patty?  This place is incredible.  Only thing not incredible is paying an extra $5 for fries.
3	The restaurant is themed with island stuff. The food was good. Solid cheeseburger, fries were a little raw. The view was great. Lots of people watching from the outside tables. Waitresses were very friendly . Nice place to bring the family.
4	I loved this place! I got such a better meal here for a normal price, wish I did this twice instead of dinner at Rum Jungle. :/Went here for lunch, and had the best turkey burger! Seasoned fries were great. Above average burgers, and if you don't eat beef like me, it's nice that you can get a turkey burger in place of all the regular beef burgers. Great chill spot for lunch while shopping at the Mile shops.
2	I was between 2 and 3 stars... so call it 2.5 and they get showing.First off, the place itself is pretty decent looking inside.  It is a bit campy, but hell... it is Vegas and 3/4 of the stuff is.  I have not been to Maui... but didn't think burgers were a big part of their diet there... and this is a Haiwian themed burger joint.  Oh well... screw the confusion... on to the food.One big point deduction here is that they specialize in burgers, yet you can't pick how you would like your burger cooked.  Are you f'n kidding me?!  I'll say that again... if you like your burger medium rare... tough shit... we make them medium well and that is all.  WTF people... this isn't fast food... this is a $8-$10 burger by itself!  /rantSo...besides being cooked too much for my taste, the burger was actually decent.  Colby cheese, perfectly cooked bacon and a nice bun.  The meat was generic but not bad.  The only tropical theme here was the pineapple slice that came in the basket though... again with the island confusion I have.On the plus side, there were many on tap choices for beer.  Good points for that.  In addition, the onion rings and fries were both very good.  I will add I am not a fan of steak fries, but theirs were actually nice and I enjoyed them.  Order a basket for the table though, they give you a bunch.  The rings were great. Nice and big, gourmet crumb style.  Cooked perfect too.Service was good and our waiter did a fine job.  But, for being dead in there, the food took a long time to come out (maybe because they decide to burn all the burgers instead of medium rare?!).  Overall, it is a bit costly for the burgers, but not a terrible choice if you don't mind medium well burgers.
2	The bacon cheeseburger was really good here. And the "famous", so as they say on their menu, fries are pretty darn good as well. Unfortunately after I ate the food I began to feel rather sick later that night which I blame on such a greasy unhealthy meal. I don't think i will eat here again any time soon as it almost ruined one of my nights in Vegas last time I was in town. I will give it a second chance however to see if maybe I was just having an off day or something. With so many choices to eat in Vegas this place is easily passable.-3 stars for making me feel like crap
2	The only reason this is 2 stars vs just one is that their french fries were actually really good. We ordered a plate of cheese fries and I think I ate more of that than I did my burger.Speaking of... the burger tasted like what I'd expect from a bad McDonald's burger right before closing. It was cold and gray, tasting like it had just come out of the microwave. Horrible, horrible burger. I got the bacon cheese burger and I think I ate maybe half of it and picked off the bacon.This place is in an excellent location next to the V theater in the Miracle Mile and there was a fountain show right when we got there. If you can avoid them, do!
2	Yuck.  The only reason this place gets 2 stars is that service was good.  First of all they put Thousand Island dressing on EVERY burger they make.  I tell you this because if you order a bacon guacamole cheeseburger like me and assume it won't have it - you would be wrong.  So be sure you say no 1k Island - they will put it on every burger - yuck!  Still, this is not the worst part of the burger.  I swear with the first bite into mine the beef reminded me of my high school cafeteria.  Double yuck.  It was just not good.  We did get some cheese fries that weren't bad, but I tell you if I didn't have a few vodka tonics in me I am not sure I could have stomached more than a few bites. It was not a good burger!The waitress was friendly and on top of service, the Hawaiian decor was fun and the bathrooms were clean - that is about it.  Skip it.
2	This place is interesting. It's called Cheeseburger, but it's like Hawaiian food or something. Anyway, the place is nicely decorated, but there was nobody in it. The hostess and our waitress were both super slow, and walked really slow, which was kind of annoying. She was also really confused at everything, from all the questions and options of the food, down to how to split the bill. Now on to the food..I ordered the Loco Moco, it was alright. Not worth the 11$ I paid for rice, a beef patty, 2 eggs, and some gravy. It was only good because I was hungry. But it's kinda nasty that I can still feel it in my stomach after 8 hours. My friend's sweet potato fries were good though, that's probably all.
3	This placed actually surprised me and my entire group...The food was really good! For starters, the servers were great (they didn't make us finish our Fat Tuesday's drinks but instead offered to put them in the freezer for us). The food was delicious (they're BLT, fries, and burgers were soo yummy) and the decor is very cheerful. The drinks however, could have been better. But I'll let that slide considering I had some of the best bacon I've ever had there (and they don't get skimpy with it either - 6 strips on my plate alone).Definitely better than expected. Try it for a good burger.
4	Don't remember the name of my order here but it was basically sliders and fries that was good. They cured my hangover, thank you!
5	Burger here was great!  Ordered the "It's all good" burger which had lettuce, bacon, guacamole, sauteed mushrooms, & cheese (forgot what kind of cheese) with a side of seasoned fries and ranch dressing.  Everything came together really well and I was very much satisfied =)Their menu has plenty of burger options to fix any burger craving, so choose wisely!  I'll definitely be coming back here when at the PH.
2	I guess I should have spoke up when my group decided we should try Cheeseburger while waiting for our show to start. I maybe eat 2 hamburgers a year and I don't eat cheese. I just figured there would still be a selection of other foods. Well I was wrong. There were about a gazillion hamburger choices and a handful of other entrees. I ended up going with a chicken ceaser which cost me a whopping $12 and I still left hungry. I guess people are willing to pay a lot more for less when they are caught up in the hustle and bustle of the vegas strip.
3	I've walked by Cheeseburger about a billion times while shopping at Miracle Mile (and before that , Desert Passage) and finally we decided to have lunch there.........it's okay.  I mean, they have a wide variety of options and more hamburger combinations than you thought possible, but it's definitely not special in any way.  And, for not being special, it's not cheap, either.  If you are looking for a great hamburger on the Strip, try StripBurger at Fashion Show Mall.  If you are looking for a quick bite while you are at the Miracle Mile shops, then try this place.  Just don't expect too much.
2	We were doing some shopping at the Miracle Mile shops and getting really hungry. Planet Hollywood and Miracle Mile aren't exactly known for good inexpensive food, so we just decided to give this place a shot. We had to wait a few minutes to get seated (for lunch), which wasn't a big deal, but then we waited... and waited... and waited some more. It was probably close to 15 minutes before anyone stopped by our table to say hi or take drink orders. But, that gave us plenty of time to look over the menu. When our waitress finally showed up we quickly gave her our food and drink orders fearing that she wouldn't return for another half hour.As for the food... meh. Cheeseburger Las Vegas is kind of like a cross between Islands Fine Burgers and The Cheesecake Factory. And, like the Cheesecake Factory they have a thick menu with laminated pages that are spiral bound. All their food is the typical high caloric, fat-laden, heart attack-inducing stuff you would expect to find in a place like this. With that being said, I still wanted to get my grub on. There was no time to worry about a quadruple bi-pass.The food:Kalua pig sandwich -- surprisingly good! The hoagie roll was lightly toasted, the pulled pork was finely shredded, tender and flavorful, and there was some cole slaw in the sandwich that added a nice crunch.Hawaiian chicken sandwich -- decent but largely forgettable sandwich with pineapple and teriyaki sauce.Chicken tenders -- 4 large (and thinly pounded) pieces of chicken sitting on top of a large pile of seasoned steak fries. Not bad as far as chicken tenders go. The fries were nice and crispy but could have used more seasoning.Overall, it was a mediocre experience and I knew it would be going in. I was surprised by how much I liked the pork sandwich, but other than that, the food was nothing memorable. I doubt I'll be back. 2.5 stars
3	Mmm. Solid burgers, good beer. A little overpriced and there's always a wait. Order the bison burger - it's mouth-meltingly good.
3	Burgers are so yummy here! Lots to choose from and conveniently located in the Shopping Mall inside Planet Hollywood. I got the burger with avocado and pineapples. MMMM So juicy and sweet! The seasoned fries that I ordered with it were flavorful adn not too salty. The portion was huge so I was only able to finish half of what I ordered and just saved the other half for later.Great chill place to go to and people watch. Sit outside and you'll see tons of bachelorette party groups walk around in matching outfits lol!
4	decent priced for good food...kobe beef sliders, greek salad, sweet potato fries & 2 glasses of the only chardonnay they carry.the sweet potato fries were the best...krispy but meaty..=P
3	We went to lunch at this restaurant. We had 2 cheeseburgers and fries (which are extra since they aren't included with your burger). We waited for about 15 minutes to get our water and about 30 minutes for the burgers. Needless to say we were not pleased with the service. Now the burgers were absolutely delicious!!! I had the bacon cheeseburger and my man had the avocado one. They were amazingly tasty! If you are willing to wait I recommend this place.
3	I know I have eaten at Cheeseburger before, a few years back... But I don't really recall anything about that visit. That usually means that food was unexceptional, or I got hammered and just can't remember. Maybe it's just the uber-boring name that made me forgot about this place?After shopping a bit at the Miracle Mile shops, I stopped here for an early dinner with a girlfriend. We were seated quickly out on the 'patio' which is not outside but rather in the walkway of the mall. This makes for awesome people watching... As someone that used to vacation in Vegas before moving here, I love seeing other people enjoy 'my' town the way I used to. We each had sliders, regular for me and turkey for her. We also split sweet potato fries, and each had a yummy boozy drink. My sliders came with thousand island dressing on the side, but no pickles. The sweet potato fries were really tasty, cooked perfectly. Cheeseburger gives you 4 sliders which was a little much for us, after we finished (each leaving a full slider on our plates) we agreed that we should have just split an order. Our waitress was attentive and our food came out pretty quickly. Prices were reasonable for the location. I still don't feel like Cheeseburger is going to be a place I think about going to in the future though.
4	I hadn't eaten all day . I had just checked in to Planet Hollywood and met up with my Roommates . We all had a craving for burgers so we headed to Cheeseburger Las Vegas. I arrived and it was like we all remembered very Cute Waitresses in grass skirts and Big Juicy Burgers. So we get seated and get presented with our Menus and I see the Garbage Burger it has everything but the Kitchen Sink on it and it comes with Chili Fries and a Challenge finish it and get a free beer. I cant resist a Challenge so I ordered it . I was brought a Bigfoot Burger and a Mountain of Chili Fries . It took me a while but I wolfed it and ended up with a free Blue Moon . Damn that Beer and Burger was good.
4	This place was alot better than I expected.After going in circles around planet Hollywood trying to find the exit to the parking garage to get out...lol I worked up somewhat of an appetite for something hearty so, after walking by this place for the 10th time, I decided to check them out.It's a Hawaiian themed restaurant, with of course a "Hawaiian" touches to just about every dish. I really wasn't feeling anything Hawaiian like though, I figured I would find something that would satisfy my basic, American cravings.I decided upon a boring mushroom and Swiss cheeseburger on a whole wheat bun. My friend ordered some sort of burger with a fried egg on it that actually looked quite delish.Our food arrived in these plastic basket bowls that I really was not to fond of and (to me) made it more difficult to eat though, to my surprise, my actual burger was extremely tasty and even the bun as well, was soft chewy and flavorful.The service was decent, friendly and sincere. They offer to take your picture to be posted at the restaurant or of course for you to purchase. The food seems to be above average yet they are a little pricey. All in all, I would say they are definitely worth checking out.
3	Our last meal on our Vegas trip was at this Hawaiian themed restaurant, across from the Stripper Bar. Food was decent, but not that great. Christie and I split the Kobe sliders. Couldn't really distinguish this from a regular slider, but the burgers did satisfy my hunger. I really liked having the tangy thousand island-style sauce on the burger. The boys each ordered the Garbage Cheeseburger, which included two hamburger patties, two types of cheese, lettuce, tomato, etc. with a fried egg on top of a bed of chili cheese fries. Heart attack heaven. Those who finished the entire meal got a free beer. We thought it was a joke since some of the menu descriptions were a bit on the whimsical side, but nevertheless, one of the Garbage Cheeseburgers was finished and a free beer of choice was provided. The service was okay. We didn't see our server for most of the meal until our food was ready and we had to flag her down when we wanted refills. Location was conveniently next to the fountain, which had a show at the top of every hour.
4	Hosts a wide array of burgers and sandwiches (most of them with a hawaiian twist). I really liked the pork sandwich that came with sweet potato fries. Deeeelish.Minus points for our lame server who delivered our food much later than shouldve been the case, and who ineffectively checked on us only twice.
2	If I were a tourist, I might think this was the tits, but honestly, it was just ok. We were doing a little shopping and needed a bite and knew we'd be paying inflated prices due to the locale, but it wasn't worth the $32 we spent for 2 burgers and no booze.The service was very friendly, I'll give them that. They were very nice, though our waitress did disappear for an extended period of time and never came back to check on us until we were ready for the bill, but other than that, they were helpful and friendly.The burgers were unremarkable for a place called Cheeseburger. I got the Guacamole Burger, which the menu made sound like something special and really, it was just a  plain burger with a small ice cream scoop of guac on it.  I don't know what I was expecting, but I guess just something a little more impressive. The flavor was ok -- it definitely wasn't a bad burger, it just wasn't like, *awesome*. Nothing to oo and ahh about.It's a little annoying to pay $10 for a burger and have to pay $5 for fries separately.  For $10, you should get a little a small side of fries, in my opinion, but again, I knew it was a tourist spot so they can charge whatever they want.My boyfriend got a regular cheeseburger and was equally unimpressed.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't amazing.I'd eaten there once before several years ago when it was still the Aladdin and thought the same.  Maybe if I was full of yard-long booze I might think it was better, and it's possible I might eat here again if it's where someone wanted to go.To me, 2 stars "Meh, I've experienced better" means just that.
3	so I did the garbage burger challenge, if you can finish a two patty burger topped with cheese, pulled pork, bacon, mushrooms, tomato, lettuce, peppers ect ect ect plus an order or chilli fries they buy you a beer. I didnt finish. The chilli cheese fries were the best Ive ever had. Everything was really really good except for the burger meat. EWWWW! I knew it was gonna suck when they didnt ask me how I wanted my meat cooked. Our waiter was pretty freaking lame too. I would only come back for an order of chilli fries and a beer. Id recomend Burger Bar at Mandalay bay ten fold over this place. If your in the mall Id go but dont order a burger get a chicken breast sandwich, salad, or something else. How a place called cheeseburger land have such terrible burger meat? My girlfriend got the cobb salad and it was huge and delicious. I would get that if I ever go back to this place.
4	We were all kind of surprised at the ratings for this place, but this place was good! I just found it silly that everyone working there had to wear grass skirts haha. They took a picture of us and told us it'll be on a postcard. Okay sure...by the end of our meal, we got a few free photos for souvenir. Cool! But we didn't want to pay for the big version of the photo haha. I shared a Kalua Pig Sandwich, and that was very satisfying and delicious. Everything else that my party ordered was good as well! No complaints! A little bit on the pricey side, but that's Vegas for you.
4	I have been here a few times. The burgers are huge. I had fish tacos the last time I went and they were gross. go figure. They have an amazingly cheap breakfast that is pretty good. The service is amazing. What I like most is the beer selection. Anything from Lost Coast is good w me.
4	I've been going here for years. Everytime I come back I try something new. I have had breakfast, lunch and dinner.Never had a problem with the service. Waiters are friendly and quick. Food is always good.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! This was the worst dining experience I've had in my life. The food took over a half hour, and it was cold when we got it. When I complained to the manager, Craig Schneider, he condescendingly said "this isn't a fast food restaurant" twice! What a jerk!  $12 for a burger patty with a slice of cheese and bread with no fries. This place is not even worth looking at the menu.
5	Kobe Burger is DELICIOUS!
4	My friends and I were walking around Planet Hollywood, just looking for places to grab something to eat before we headed back to our rooms to get ready for the club. This place has a huge sign that gets straight to the point. All you see is "Cheeseburger" screaming at your face. Most of my buddies love cheeseburgers so it wasn't a hard to get all of us to go in. The restaurant has a really islandy type of feel. The color scheme, layout and whole theme was a bit cheesy (no pun intended) with even the male servers wearing grass skirts, lol. Our server was a gentleman who said he had just started back up with the company after being gone for a couple years. He was very pleasant, engaging and funny. He made a ton of suggestions to us and was extremely helpful with the menu.Every single one of my buddies enjoyed their meal. I had a pig sandwich, along with my other buds who had hot dogs and cheeseburgers. The steak fries were very tasty. They all expressed their satisfaction with the food and the level of service we were provided. The only gripe I had with my experience there was the water. The water was straight up gross. I don't know if it's Vegas tap water or what, but it was just disgusting. The rest of the party felt the same way, so we all ended up ordering soda or something else. Otherwise, I'd definitely recommend this place for a great greasy, hefty meal.
4	Had their hawaiian pork nachos and the kobe beef burger... the burger is very good... almost as good as Umami!!!
2	Not a fan....First, our hostess was not very nice. We very politely asked her for a quite location for the three of us to sit and eat lunch. She seemed very short and angry and led us to quite possibly the most loud table you could get, even though there were tons of tables open. We asked another girl if we could change seats and she said no problem. Once we were seated, we didn't have a server, so the bar tender had to be our server, and walk to us from the bar, which I thought was strange, but he was super nice and friendly, and redeemed the place for us. We orderd the californian burger and the regular cheeseburger. Ugh. The bread was paper thin and soggy from all the fat drippings. THe meat was cheap, you could tell, and the fries weren't even that great. We also had a vanilla milkshake which I thought tasted kind of watered down or something. I was hungover enough that I ate it, but my friends could only take nibbles, they thought it was gross. For the price, the poor quality and poor service, ugh. Not fun.
1	This place is horrible, honestly! Don't even waste your time eating here. There is sooooo many other options and better food in Vegas. When I was in Vegas, everywhere I ate at the food was amazing - except for here! We were starving and looking for a place to eat that didn't have a wait. We ended up here. Most of the food is fried and greasy. Even the pork sandwiches were greasy and they put wayyy too much of this mayo type sauce on them which was disguisting! But since I was starving I ate way to fast of this nasty food and left there feeling disguisted and wanting to throw up! yuck!
1	Simple breakfast food took about an hour to get to us. When we asked about it our server gave us attitude and rolled his eyes. When the food finally came it was subpar and hashbrowns were cold. Will never go there again and won't recommend. The last thing you want when you're hungover and hungry is bad food/service that takes forever.
3	So a Girls weekend in Vegas sounded so awesome and a Vegas scavenger hunt seemed a fun way to explore parts of the Strip we didn't know about. So about 5 items into the Scavenger Hunt it takes us in the Miracle Mile Mall at Planet Hollywood looking for the Stripper Bar. BAr located, photo taken we turn around and see a BIG sign screaming CHEESEBURGERS. A few of the Girls needing the bed feed decided this was a great option. The ambiance was fun and entertaining,this hawaiian vibe. The waiters and waitresses all dressed in grass skirts. The hostess where a bit off in thier own world, but the waitress made up for it greatly. With 5 girlies and all in different stages of hunger the menu had an okay selection of all things. Hamburgers, chicken, fish, salads. I decided on the Taco salad with Chicken, hold the guacamole. It was a typical taco salad, the chicken was bland at best but over all the need for greens was satisfied. Over all it was a nice little resturant to feed the hungry , reasonable prices and service was pretty quick. Which was good considering we had a Scavenger hunt to finish.
5	Totally awesome! Want a great burger? Go here.  Went twice in 4 days,  loved it and highly recommend it. The price point may be $$, but trust me, its worth it!
2	Sooooo not like the Hawaiian locations. When I remembered that there was a Vegas location of "Cheeseburger in Paradise" I was instantly craving their bacon and blue cheese burger. So, slightly hungover and ready for lunch I dragged hubby over for the ultimate in hangover cures - grease and more alcohol.   I ordered said bacon blue cheese burger. it was okay but not great. Nothing like the ones I had at their sister chain in Hawaii. The patty needed some oomph. Big time. The accompanying fries were horrible - cold, breaded and very reminiscent of a frozen version. Ugh. I ate a couple and was quickly over it. As for the service - well, I think they were running on "Island time" if you know what I mean because it was pretty slow. Maybe the only saving grace here is their super strong tiki drinks. Good-bye hangover!If you're nostalgia for the original "Cheeseburger in Paradise" don't waste your time here. Save your craving for an actual trip to Hawaii.
4	Ok.... it takes a lot to blow up my skirt (grass skirt in this case) but I love it here! I am a sucker for old vintage stuff especially hawaiiana, it is action pack with cool unique items allll over... We had no idea what to expect..... ended up w/Great friendly staff, bitchen music, crazy mai tai's, good food, loved the coconut shrimp, & kobe burger the best .Yeah there are plenty of places to get a burger, but none like this. Oh and did I mention the Mai Tai's! This is someplace to return to again and again...happy I live close by.
2	Burgers OK. Service slow. Price OK. Decent beer selection. There are better places such as PBR Rock Bar in same mall. I've had awesome burgers in home town that are the same price.
1	The meat on the sliders was similar to what you'd find at a McDonald's or Burger King, but at quadruple the cost.  The bread was soggy from the lettuce/tomato/1000 Island concoction mounded on top.  The onion rings were decent, but not enough to redeem the place for me.
1	Not worth the money or the trip. We were staying at the Planet Hollywood and walking though the mall attached to the Hotel / Casino and stopped in one day. The waitress was rude and almost never check on us. I order a juice with my meal and my wife ordered a soda. She brought out my wife's soda and walk away and did not say anything about my juice. About 5 min later she dropped off my juice quickly and disappeared. My juice was had a few pieces of ice in  it and the bottom was warm and tasted a little sour . When the food arrived it was not very good at all. The waitress walked buy quickly on her way to another table and without stopping said is everything okay?? Before i could respond she was gone.  It you are at the shopping center at attached to the Planet Hollywood DO NOT eat at this restaurant bad food bad service not worth the money.
1	"Hey I'm hungry, lets go eat and not yelp or ask around"WORST DECISION EVER!even worse is that I have been on a burger craving madness for a week & a half, I thought a restaurant style burger would do the trick.I was wrongI asked for their specialty beer,it was a long board,they are not usually bad,but this was flat (but at least we got to keep the cup)burger...well I am not sure which I got but it fell apart on me,it was slimybacon was extremely chewydid not finish itthe service was nice,our server kept coming back to see if I wanted a box.NOPE, I do not.
2	Had to try the Kobe beef burger. It was good, but nothing special. The 2 stars (could be one even) was for how long it took for us to get our food. The restaurant was pretty empty, too. I tried the sunrise hawaiian drink and it was not good. It was supposed to be raspberry, orange, and vodka. The color was bland and the taste even more bland. I guess we had to try it just once. Never again.
4	I had the Hawaiian chicken sandwich and onion rings, and give thumbs up to both, plus the prices were reasonable.  I'd definitely go back for a quick, relatively cheap meal next time I'm at PH.
4	While in vegas, i decided to try cheeseburger las vegas.  And i am glad i did.  I ordered the BBQ bacon cheeseburger and it was pretty good for the most part..  The service was good, but a little slow at times... i also ordered the season fries which WERE enough for me and my party of 3...
2	If you think this is like the one in Lahaina, HI it isn't. The burgers are worse than Burger King, the fries soggy and the service super slow. My drink was the only redeeming quality, thus pushing it up to two stars. Way, way better places to eat while staying in Vegas.
1	I stayed at Ph back in March. Walked around Miracle mile shops and decided too get something to eat. Wow, where do i begin. The waitress was so amped up, she was talking so fast i though she was an auctioneer. She said she's been up at 4am and it was 11:30. So i thought i would get quick service. Nope, just the opposite. After ordering food she disappears for about 10min before returning with water and helping other guest. I ordered unsweetened ice tea. She came with a long island ice tea, OOps! Food finally came after 25-30 min. It wasn't crowed only 7customers. Sweet potato fries where cold,she came back with hot ones and said it was on the house. Ok, lets move on to the burger. It had a lack luster taste. I should have went to In n out burger. For the price i payed 10.burger n 4.50 ice tea plus tip. Never again!! Keep walking and eat elsewhere! Mahalo!!
4	ate at the location in the miracle mile shops.  my friend and i were hammered, and i saw their cheeseburger challenge and had to do it.  food overall there was pretty good though, so i wouldn't mind coming back even if i don't do the challenge.my burger:for the challenge they have a special burger that is supposedly like 3 pounds as it is a double cheeseburger with jalapenos, mushrooms, bacon, kalua pork, and the regular burger fixings, all on a huge bed of chili fries.  the waitress was trash talking the whole time saying i couldn't do it, but it was that playing around trash talking which made it a fun experience.  i ended up finishing it all  but it was really good.overall, i would recommend the place as everyone else highly enjoyed their food also
5	I came here today when we were looking around the mile long mall thing.It took a lil bit to find it we only came here once before.I got a water,bacon cheeseburger with pickles,basket of seasoned fries,ranch.My grampa got a mushroom burger.Bacon burger-It came with some kind of sause im not sure what it is i think 1000 island.The bacon was extreamly yummy and had a smoky flavor to it it went well with the burger,the cheese was yummy too!.Frie-Extreamly crispy and soo soo good they are adicting they realy are!This place is very good but with everything it was about 30 bucks wich is expensive for cheeseburgers.Then again we dont come here to often,so its a treate.
1	Awful. The burger was preformed and clearly just a frozen patty that was fried. I don't mind paying $2 extra for fries, but give some fries for my $2.  Though the fries were the only thing tasty thing they served. Even the soda was flat. Bland, flavorless patty.If you are in the Miracle Mile shops and want a burger, go to Blondie's instead.
4	Although I'm giving this place a 4 it is only because the food was good. The service here was AWFUL. We waited 25 minutes before we even got water which makes no sense because the place was pretty empty. It was terrible since this was our first meal after a long night out. But the food was really good. I tried the California burger, the mushroom burger, and a mojito. The CA one was SO good. I'm starting to crave it now. It had grilled pineapples and avocado. The mushroom one was pretty standard. The fries were delicious. The mojito was sweet and very good. Oh and last thing, something I didn't care too much for was the girl trying to take our picture and sell it to us...no thank you.
3	I have to say, I was pleasantly surprised! When we walked in, the place was quite a shock to the system. There was even a hut that is the bar and the servers walk around w a grass skirt (that is over tan shorts!!). Random stuff hung all over the walls  and I felt like there was endless things to look at.The menu was very extensive which made ordering quite difficult. we ended up with:Cheeseburger - very good. Mushroom Swiss Burger - delicious! generous amounts of sauteed mushrooms and juicy patty.Royal Ah Li i Cheese burger - Loved it! The runny yolk was amazing with the beef and crispy bacon.Sweet Potato Fries - delicious! unlike the usual skinny fries, these were curly cut and thick. Fries - Amazing!!! super crispy with soft centre and seasoned through.Kahlua Pig Sandwich - disappointing. dry and bland on hard crusty bread.The burgers are definitely worth every dollar and very good. All three burgers were made well and the buns were soft and fresh tasting.That being said, they have the worse coffee I have ever tried.
4	Hit this spot for a bite before catching a show at The V Theater.  I thought since it was a burger joint it would just be the quickest and easiest choice.  The service was terrible, but the burgers where great!  I had the Italian-creamy pesto, roasted red pepper, mozzarella, lettuce tomato and meat on ciabatta.  It was so sooo good I have been craving it all day!   A friend had just a plain burger and thought it was one of the better ones he had.  Chicken fingers while typical were great and sliders too.  Another member of our party had yummy thick onion rings and his burger had special sauce and a fried egg-double yum!  Other than the lack of service, go here for a good burger with anything on it!
3	We didn't plan on coming here but dropped in for lunch while shopping at the miracle mile. Surprisingly, there is also one in Hawaii called by a slightly different name. Our burgers were so-so, but we ate them quickly cuz we were starving. We waited a long time for them to arrive too (there were 4 of us). I got the California burger. Avocado and pineapple--the best of both worlds.
1	Can I haz cheeseburger? The answer here is no. Not without annoying the hell of of you first.The service here is terrible. Getting our table of 7 was no problem..it was the wait time. It took a good hour to even get our food. Not only that but the waitress that we had had a hard time making sure she got all our drink orders down. We waited 20 minutes for our drinks to come and she missed one....MINE. That ended up being another 15 minutes for a BLUE MOON -__- and when it did come..she said she was out of oranges. Which she then put the oranges(in a cup) on our table ON THE OTHER END OF WHERE I WAS SITTING and ran off.And finally once our food came we were all so hungry no one really thought of how it tasted and just scarfed it down. So I can't give you a good rating on the food because they sucked the life out of me during the wait time. What I can tell you though was that one of my bread buns was drenched in oil and falling apart.Oh. And you have to ask for a side of fries(about 10 pieces for $2). The 10-15 dollar burger doesn't come with one.I'm so annoyed I can't even write this all out properly -____-' This place sucks.
4	I ate here twice this past weekend. Once by myself (sad, I know) and the second time I was with my friend and her two young kids. It was about the only sit down place in Miracle Mile that was kid friendly and not loud and obnoxious. I got a grilled cheese and SPF the first time and a turkey burger the second time. They were really good and the service was great. The menu has a large variety and is kid friendly.
5	We got a late start due to celebrating our daughters 21st until earlier that day. We needed something to get started and what better than a cheeseburger, I'm not sure of the names but we ordered one with bacon and a fried egg an another with pastrami and pepperoncinis, delicious an definitely five napkin burgers.  I also got the bloody Mary which they claimed to be the best in Vegas, I haven't tried all of them but if there are any better let me know. As for service it was great, we had three servers assist us and they were all very personable.  They also have a $29.00 burger challenge, it sounds great but I wouldn't be able to put a dent in it but if any of you do let me know how that goes, lol
5	$5.99 breakfast was ONO!! 2 eggs, 2 bacon strips, hash brown & toast.. Can't go wrong!!
5	AWESOME, OUTSTANDING, SUPER DELICIOUS. I ate here in February 2010 while awaiting show at V theater and was pleasantly surprised. I had the avocado burger with onion rings and it was fantastic. I'm seeing what everyone was commenting about the service but honestly I don't remember the service as being bad at all. I would definitely go here again and am planning on it when I go again in September.
3	Eh... That about sums it up
1	gross,i ordered the easiest thing on the menu grilled cheese! it was kind of burnt at the crust area and extremely oily and greasy! none of my friends enjoyed their food either, in fact one girl didnt like it so much she just sent it back and walked out. prissy i know ...but people at the table compared it to McDonald's grilled mushrooms. just blah.
5	I love this place! I forgot what my order was called but it was something sliders. it came with 3 small sliders, onions in a small cup, and some sauce that was like the in-n-out sauce. BOMB DOT COM. the servers were okay, not too friendly if i might say so myself but the food was good. we shared a plate of chili cheese fries, omygoodness, it was delish! (:
5	The wings here are EXCELLENT!! They are crunchy, saucy, & spicy!! Had the spicy chicken sandwich too, that was also good as well as the seasoned fries :) Have the wings, they are a must! We sat at the bar to eat & the bartender was awesome. he gave us great conversation and attentive service :)
4	We decided to stop in and try this place. We went on a weeknight and it was a bit later at night so there was no line and we got seated right away.I liked my meal. I had a "Grilled Cheese" that was made on Hawaiian Sweet Bread. It only cost $7.99. It was cheesy and good! Hubby had a "Cheeseburger With An Attitude" priced at $8.99 plus $1.50 for bacon. They say on the menu it is a "five napkin cheeseburger" and he liked it.They have great prices I was surprised for being in the strip that it didn't cost more. If you like food challenges then ask your server about the "Cheeseburger Challenge" price currently at $29.99 and have at it! I can't remember everything it came with but it was a huge burger with tons of toppings with a side of chili cheese fries topped with onions rings. If you finish it in like 20 minutes you get it free. Sounds like punishment just to not have to pay for it?! I do know we will be back and I am a fan and glad we tried it.
1	I will NEVER come back here ever again. The food is NOT good. Fellow yelper Chris T had the perfect descrption of their burgers as it "tasted like it was pre-made a year ago with mixed rubber." We came here with about 10 people and it took about an hour for our food to come out. I know 10 is a lot of people, but really? AN HOUR? The restaurant was empty for crying out loud!NO ONE here finished their food and this place was NOT cheap.
2	Food is ok.  Service ok.  Nothing special here.  Had the black and blue burger... It was not hot... Like the burger was pre-cooked and just assembled.
2	For a place with Cheeseburger in the name I was expecting something phenomenal.  Very disappointed! Our burgers looked and tasted like preformed, frozen patties. Not very appetizing. They try to up sell you on everything - mugs, pictures, ...  Nice atmosphere, good pricing, but nasty burger. Pay a few bucks more and go elsewhere.
3	Good cheap breakfast. Eggs, bacon, toast, coffee and a bloody Mary... All for less than 10 bucks! I would recommend if you are already in the mile shops.
3	The California burger was pretty goodOnly big problem i would say is i had a friend that got her burger kinda cold
3	Service friendlyOrdered cob salad and chicken wingsEverything was okay typical burger place and easy cause it's in the mall
1	"Famous Seasoned Fries?"  Not so famous; as you can get the same from the frozeb section of Costco.  A below average french fry that was served luke warm.  The kids meal, mac and cheese, was boxed.  The Kalua Pig Sandwich was bland.  I couldn't taste the sea salt, nor the sesame mayo.  Eat somewhere else.
3	It's a hit or miss here. I came here with 3 other people and I was the only one that really liked my food. It's all about the Kalua Pig Sandwich! Pork is really tender and the french roll is nice and soft... the whole thing melts in your mouth. It's a very rich sandwich, and big, so I would avoid this right before going out. I had it with sweet potato fries and they were just OK. Crinkle cut, not a fan... I still ate them, just not all of them.  Others at the table had: the Cheesburger. Not great, for a place called Cheeseburger. Fish tacos. Nothing special. Taco Salad. Standard. I say worth coming here at least once for the pork.
2	It was good, I've been twice, the 2nd time most of us like it.  The service is so slow.  But I like the decor.
2	No aloha spirit here! My friend and I walked into the place and the hostess totally saw us, but didn't acknowledge us. She got off the phone and seated a couple who came AFTER us! We were like wtf? Then it took forever for the waitress to help us. She acknowledged us, but proceeded to help two parties that got seated AFTER us! Man, what was up?We finally placed our orders and things were fine from there on out, but my friend was so miffed she insisted on only giving a 10% tip and my friend is usually pretty generous! We shared a shrimp salad and a chicken sandwich. We had to scarf it down because we were late for a show. The salad was better than the sandwich. There were about 5-6 pieces of jumbo shrimp on a bed of spinach with some kind of vinaigrette. My friend got the maui mai tai while I had a mojito. My mojito was good. Her drink was strong! Actually, all I could taste was the alcohol.There was live music, which was pretty cool and even the male servers were wearing grass hula skirts over their shorts!
1	So. I sent back my burger to be corrected for a veggie burger (as I ordered), and when it came back - about fifteen minutes later - it was the same burger, on the same plate, with the same bite-sized piece of meat I had pulled off still lying there. I just don't think I need to say more than that. You get the picture, I'm sure.
1	The food wasn't very good. Restroom was filthy. Waitress had way to much energy....pretty annoying.
4	Been here a handful of times in the last 2 years, but have yet to even try a cheeseburger.  How ironic is that? That's like going to a strip club to play video poker. The Food:-Nachos:  Not bad, will hit the spot.  I've had better.-Steak Fries:  I like them, but without the seasoning.  The seasoning kills it.-Loco Moco:  This is what I usually get when I come here.  They make it with 2 patties which is a plus. Usually there's still enough fight in me after a Loco Moco, but not from the ones here.  The portions are big.  My experience has always been pretty good.  Service has always been good and I have yet ever had to wait for a seat.  Sat inside a couple of times, but prefer to sit outside.  However, it's really not outside, just outside the restuarant. Good people watching from outside. Located inside the Miracle Mile/Planet Hollywood. I promise...I will get a burger the next time I'm here.
1	I cannot even begin to tell you how disgusted we were with our experience here.  We came here for our daughter's 18th birthday.  First, it took 15 minutes for our server to come to our table.  She was very energetic,  so we thought, "Great! There is hope here!"   WRONG.  We ordered appetizers and dinner and it took forever.  We decided 20 minutes in that we should get a cocktail,  but no one cam back to our table.  I had to get up and go to the bartender on duty to ask him to send someone over to refill our iced tea, soda and water.  He did.  Then we got our food.  Not how we ordered it, but it was delivered by an expeditor, so he had no idea.  No one came back to check.  It was not busy, so there was no excuse for this.  We couldn't even get our bill!!  I had to request our check from another stranger!  This place was ridicilous.  I requested to speak to the manager on our way out, and our server actually flipped out and wanted to "discuss" it with me.  We spent 80 dollars on our dinner.  It was absolutly not acceptable!
2	Okay, hostesses are a joke! Three standing at the outside podium, one chopping away on her own lunch(?), another reading a book and a third people watching. The hungry one had an unappealing appearance, short dark hair pulled into silly barrettes and ponytails, oversized shirt with shorts covered by a 99 cent store grass skirt. The decor is tacky even for what I think was supposed to be campy fun. cheap plastic cups are offered for souvenirs. BUT, the burgers are huge and delicious! If I wasn't taking in to account the great food, they would have gotten 1 star from me. I hope this helps you choose wisely.
1	Uhh... We wanted a quick bite before leaving Vegas and we decided whats faster than a cheeseburger? Shit took 45 minutes!!! My turkey burger was cold when it came out. How is that even possible? I wonder if they were hand feeding and raising the turkey in the back before butchering it and bringing it onto my plate and they decided that it needed to go in the fridge or something? Service was pretty bad. I waved down one of the servers twice for the check and we even locked eyes and that B just walked away. Pissed off! Oh and if you do decide to eat here, the burgers range from $10.00- $15.00 dollars for JUST the burgers. If I remember correctly, fries are an additional $3-$4. Please take your money elsewhere!
4	We came here for breakfast 2 times.  Good cheap breakfast.  Nothing special but it was good food.
1	Worst burger ever, to put it nicely. They charge $14.00 for salad that doesn't live up to it's value. Really rude customer service so I didn't tip the waitress, I gave her a literal tip. Get rich or die tryin'.
4	Friends like this cheeseburger joint here at PH, and we stopped by on Saturday afternoon for lunch. A feel of Hawaii while dining here.I didn't even notice the page of various burgers, and was set on the Italian Cheeseburger. The ciabatta bread, pesto, and mozzarella cheese sold me. Burgers don't come with fries, you can add it, but 4 of us decided to share the chili cheese fries. Huge portion, and 4 of us couldn't even finish it. Appreciated the side of diced onions, since not everyone likes onions.The burgers are huge here, I could barely finish half. Very tasty, and would come back if looking for a good burger.
4	Ambiance has an island-tiki-Hawaiian atmosphere, but they don't have actual Hawaiian or Islander food. This is strictly a burger joint.....and in my opinion has the best burgers in Vegas. This place is located at the PH / Mile High shops, and it's tradition- everytime I come to Vegas, I HAVE TO EAT HERE, because they have the best onion rings and Cheeseburgers I've ever tasted. Prices are relatively decent especially for Vegas, I ordered an adult drink and they gave me a cool Pineapple mug for it, (not for free though) but still awesome. If you're in Vegas and in  the mood for a fat burger and very tasty, with affordable prices, GO HERE. I wish they had this place in the Northwest.
4	Tried the place on a whim because we were all craving burgers. OH MY GOODNESS did they have good burgers! The variety made me wonder at first but DAMN can they make a tasty burger!
3	Average food. Average service.
1	We went to this restaurant when we arrived in Las Vegas after a long road trip. The service was SLOW. The waiter forgot to bring our drinks, he was always running everywhere in the (empty) restaurant but never to serve us. It took 45 min to receive our meals! The burgers were average, the French fries don't come along with the meal, you have to pay extra bucks for fries.  My boyfriend took the nachos plate, it was good. The place was empty, we felt like no one cared about us, the waiter was never around us. This place has nothing to do with HAWAII. It's a shame. It is quite expensive too, and the waiter didn't get his tips (it took 15 min to get the bill). I put a note explaining why.Don't go there, they just don't care about the food neither they care about their customers.
4	Great burgers and sandwiches. Had the pastrami burger with sweet potato fries this time. Service was good and it didn't take long for our food to come out.
2	I've had better burgers in a college cafeteria. The guacamole was very good though.
4	I'm actually pretty frustrated that I missed this place on my recent trip to Vegas.  I always try to eat here at least once.This restaurant is located inside the Miracle Mile Shops right adjacent to some sports bar.  It's really easy to find if you're walking through the mall.I have eaten the burgers and the salads from here.  They are both excellent.  The cheeseburger I got in the past was some sort of Hawaiian burger with pineapple (my favorite).  The portions are always huge and will leave you full.  In fact, I'm not sure I have even been able to finish a full meal here.The service here is adequate as well.  I've never had to wait for a table (maybe because I eat at a normal hour) and upon being seated the service is always quick.  If you did go at a busy time, however, there seems to be ample seating in the restaurant.This place is definitely worth a try if you are in the area.  Solid choice.
1	sent to Corporate office; We wanted to provide you with some feedback from a recent visit. We visited your Las Vegas location inside the Planet Hollywood on Friday 3/29/13, check #xxxx. This is the third time we have been there, (other visits were much better). This location did a good job with 3 hostesses bringing people in, but once seated it was all downhill from there. It took almost 10 minutes for our server to acknowledge us, and the whole visit for a "quick breakfast" was over 1 hour and 20 minutes (our instincts told us to leave after the initial poor service, and we did witness a table do just that behind us). The staff was horribly inefficient, I have never seen a restaurant where the wait staff did not have "sections". Our server, (and the others) were taking care of tables throughout the restaurant. There were more than enough servers, it was that they were being pulled in multiple directions. Restaurant 101, rotate customers into servers sections not the other way around. When it came time to pay the check our server dropped it off and disappeared. Again after about 10 minutes we walked over to the bar staff to see if they could run our payment they said "no and she'll find our server". She continued cutting up pineapple and never even tried to find her. We finally flagged her down and she took the payment but then proceeded to go help another table rather than getting us closed out. We are very disappointed, poor service for marginal food and 1.25 hours of our vacation wasted, we will not be back.
2	This place has meh food. I was actually surprised to find out that when I wanted to order my cheeseburger cooked medium-rare, they couldn't do it! They told me that they can only cook it medium-well, so a place called cheeseburger was not really the place i expected that couldn't cook a burger to my preference. Also, one of our burgers fell of the plate while they were bringing it out from the kitchen, so they told us that we would have to wait for another 10 minutes before getting any food, and they didn't even offer us anything while we waited, which I thought showed poor service. The waiter rarely came around to check if we needed, and didn't even apologize for the extra wait on the burger. The only good thing out of this place was their fries. TLDR: Crappy burger place, with not very friendly service. Good fries though. lol.
5	i have been to this location a few times-you can find it in the shopping center in HARD ROCK. great service and not a bad location. prices are good too.i had the royal ahli burger-AMAZING!great selection on the menu for food and drinks
1	After I choked down my burger I asked the waitress "are these burgers microwaved" no sir they are "from frozen" is what she said. Nobody knows what that means. Also don't fall for the free postcard scam!  Gross food loopy waitress DO NOT WANT OR RECOMMEND #cheapsuits #datburger #coolstorybro
4	We ate here one morning and had their breakfast special. It was good for the price. Waiter was friendly.
2	The only reason this isn't a 1 star is becase the manager pulled it together. I ordered a drink before the meal. The meal took almost and hour to get there. The drink got there after the meal. That was an hour to make one blended drink that cost me almost $10. The reasons this happened: we had two waiters, one that could listen, but was too busy to help all the tables he was assigned, and the second that did not listen and took away my plate as I was finishing my fries. The fry was in my hand and she grabbed it without even looking at me or the food. Really??Next, when I went to the front for assistance, the assistant managers pointed to the young and inexperienced hostesses and said "talk to them", then continued their conversation. I spoke with the hostesses, they let the bartender know he forgot my drink, retrieved a cup, and I went back to the table. As we were deciding if it was possible to give a negative tip the manager came over. He was very helpful, very apologetic, and gave us a resolution.Conclusion; everyone there is either overworked or useless. Wait until the staffing problem is resolved. The food is expensive, but could be worth it.
4	I've been to the original Cheeseburger in Lahaina back in the mid-90s, and it stuck with me all this time, so I was happy to find this place on the PH's Miracle Mile.  The burger was just as good as I remembered.  Messy as all hell, but good.  A little disappointed that they refused to make it medium (medium well was the closest I could get), and the fact that 3 burgers and 3 drinks ran me $60.  Service was okay, maybe a little on the slow side.  Bottom line:  I'd eat here again, but it's definitely not as memorable as the one in Lahaina.   5 stars for the burger, 3 for everything else, so I'm rounding up to 4.
3	Located near the huge stripper figure and La Salsa Cantina in PH. Only went here because me and my boyfriend were staying at PH and we were tired of eating Pinks and Earls, but it was surprisingly okay. We split the swiss and mushroom burger ($10) and chili cheese fries ($10) . The chili cheese fries were pretty good but maybe cause I was a little hungover -__-  and I had a bite of the burger and it was alright. nothing stood out to me and it was a little too expensive for me but it wasn't bad. I thought it was a little weird that fries don't come with the burgers. like c'mon! you know you need some fries with a burger, don't be rude. (jk...)I would eat here again if i was craving a burger and didn't mind the slow service or the price.
2	This place is terrible. First, the service is rude. Secondly, I had to keep asking to get a glass of water and finally, they give me toast with butter after I said I was allergic to dairy.
4	Came in for the $3 bloody marys, and ended up coming back for breakfast to watch a NHL playoff game (gotta love being on Pacific time for Saturday noon Eastern sporting events!). The bloody marys were good and spicy, and the breakfast burritos were HUGE and tasty. Great, friendly service from the bartender.
2	Dry and tuff burgers. The opposite of juicy.  No way are the burgers 100% beef - must have a lot of fillers. They try and make you buy an expensive souvenir cup - it's a whole routine when you ask for a table.  I guess they can get away with it since the place is for tourists who pass in the night.
4	Yay!! For the $3.50 Bloody Marys!
4	The big sign for the $3 Bloody Mary got me in this place. Which by the way, was spicy and delicious, and it included a small side salad on a toothpick. Once in, we figured what the heck...let's just grab a quick burger. Burger, yes. Quick, no.  Yes, the service was slow and not overly friendly. Not rude, just eh.  I thought the burger was good. Sweet potato fries were yummy too. Can't complain about the food. A bit pricey, but whatever. It's Vegas. It took FOREVER to get our check. We were in a hurry to get down to the MGM for Justin Bieber (for my kids of course!) and we really had to rush due to the slow service.  There were only about 6 other tables occupied so I can't imagine what took so long. Will I be back? Yes. But probably just for the Bloody Mary. Yum.
4	Ok, the name can be misleading. When you see the big neon sign with the word CHEESEBURGER the first thing that comes to mind is a brightly lite place, filled with vibrant colors and plastic smiles. This is not the case for this place. This place has a major Tiki vibe which caught me by surprise. This place is inside Planet Hollywood Hotel and Casino next to the V Theater. I'm a huge fan of the tiki vibe so I really looking forward to the menu.  on it you see lots of of Americana food, hot dogs, burgers, fries, onion rings, etc.... I did find a hawaiian dish called the Moco Loco which I never had but I have heard of in the past.  My wife had their hot dog. Also on the menu is the story of two friends and their adventure of opening this franchise that has 7 or 8 locations mostly in Hawaii. My moco loco came and at first glance it does not look desirable or appetizing. It's a bed of rice, with a burger patty on top of it with three fried eggs on top of the patty, brown gravy poured all over. I took a bit and it was amazing! I really enjoyed the dish! My wife's hot dog was not as tasty as she would have liked it to be.  Once I had her remove the bun, it tasted better. For the rest of the place, the decor is fun and the bar looks just as fun, I would like to come back and try the burgers next.
4	Surprisingly good black bean burger - firm and decent flavor.  Served on a whole wheat bun by default, which was nice, and came with very good guacamole on top.  I was able to ask for no cheese to make it a vegan treat, and it was delicious.  My son loved his regular burger too.
1	Service, Greeting: GoodSitting and waiting for a server: Not good, waited for 20 minutes. Mind you, it wasnt busy.burgers: a lil pricey. Flavor: Ok. I had the King Ali'i burger (wait time for burger: 10 minutes).Will I be back? NoNegative: Only One dessert???? RealllY?????I'd rather go back to Burgr and pay a higher price for a bigger selection.
1	My wife and I are in our late 20's. We were just in Vegas. Maybe it was a bad day to go there but we had a very bad experience. The service was very bad. Other people around us were sitting up to 15 minutes before being served or being asked for a drink..not even WATER! Other servers walked by, but if it was not their section they did not stop for help. Same went for us. After we ordered, we waiting an additional 20 minutes for our beers which were poured earlier and our food had the taste of heat lamp.My wife and I will most likely not return.
2	My 14 y.o. daughter and I met some friends here for lunch yesterday, and I would have to say that it was just OK. It wasn't bad at all, but for what we paid, it definitely wasn't anything special.I ordered the Cheeseburger Island Style which included grilled pineapple and Hawaiian Teriyaki sauce, neither of which had much flavor or added anything to the burger. I don't usually order cheese on my burger, but I went ahead with it, and I don't think it was a good quality cheese because it also did not have a distinct (or any, really) flavor. The bun was soggy and fell apart when I tried to eat it. My daughter ordered the Cheeseburger Babies (sliders, basically), and she seemed to like them, but when I asked her after the meal how they were, she said they were "nothing special." You have to order the sides separately, and we split an order of onion rings. They were a soggy crisp (I know, kind of an oxymoron), and had a strange flavor to them--I can't quite put my finger (or taste bud) on it. We ended up not finishing them, even between the two of us.Service was just all right. I ordered a water and a Coke to drink, and only ever received the water. My daughter never got a refill on her lemonade. The people we were with also ordered the Babies, and they did not get the top buns for their burgers. They had to ask for them and the buns were brought out separately a few minutes later on a small plate. Kind of weird--buns are a pretty basic expectation with a burger.The total for two burger entrees, a side of onion rings, and one soda was around $31.00. Not too bad for on the strip dining, but I think we would have been more satisfied with a less expensive burger and some delicious fried pickles from another chain burger restaurant. We will likely not return.
3	Stumbled upon this place at the Miracle Mile when we were trying to find a place to eat. I'm not a burger kind of person, but BF's friend wanted this place and the other places we didn't feel like eating. I got the "It's all good burger" which had mushrooms, bacon and guacamole. The burger was good, but nothing to be all crazy about. Their Mai Tai on the other hand... it was around $8, which isn't bad considering it's Vegas and all. It actually got be buzzed, haha!
1	The Bloody Mary was quite good (especially at 3.99!), but the food was pretty lousy. My husband had the mushroom burger with sweet potato fries. It was mediocre at best. I had a tasteless taco salad with some of the worst, processed "chicken" breast I've ever tasted. I ended up returning the dish and trying it with ground beef instead. It was better, but still disappointing. The server did her best to make it right, but, sadly, I fear the kitchen wasn't up for the challenge. I would not come here again. Sorry.
3	Let me stat off by saying, if you're in a rush, don't eat here. Service is slower than molasses! The food isn't THAT bad. First stumbled upon this place about a year ago, totally out of it and in dire need of food. Don't remember what I had but on a more recent trip that brought us back to the miracle mile shops we decided to give it another whirl, and see what we had the first time. Service was still majorly slow. We had good company and weren't starving so it was OK for us. I remember having a burger with an egg in it and I wish I would have asked for it over easy so I could have gotten the yolky goodness. The onion rings were pretty on point. Basically, this place is ok.
2	Probably could have gotten a better burger at Carls Jr. Server never came back for our drink order but even though we were warned (by the lady that seated us) that the food may be a while, it showed up in 10 min. We asked for mayo and was surprised when we were handed some small squeeze packets of mayo. Burger was bland and nothing special.
4	Very solid tasty burgers! In a nice hotel area too (planet hollywood, elara)
4	It was 6 of us. We had burgers and fries, onion rings. We thought the food was tasty. The only low we sad, was the onions rings were costly for so few.
4	So, I am tired of Earls Sandwiches and that's where I always end up eating there no matter what when I stay at PH (now Elara) Nevertheless, I discovered this burger joint in the lobby of PH shopping center and I must say; it was delicious! Decor: It is Hawaiian theme and very open seating. The hostess was nice and we got seated within minutes. There is a bar around and plenty of TVs to watch your desire games. Food: So many burgers to choose from and descent price for about $9.99 roughly (not bad for Vegas standards) I got the Ali Burger (medium well burger + egg + bacon) and it was DAMN good. I say the best burger they offer there. The fries and onion rings are good too, but they don't come with the burger. It is separate and it cost about $4-$5. I love that paying separate checks was simple and we didn't get charged gratuity. Kudos to that!
3	What a strange beast this place is.  Walking up we saw them advertise a breakfast special so we stopped in.  The longer we were there, the longer we began to wonder what sort of place it was.  The decor was all over the place and while called Cheeseburger, the theming was apparently Hawaiian? But I digress.Our server was efficient, not friendly or spectacular, but he did a good job.  The food its self was good, served hot and fast.  The best thing of it all was we both ate for under $12 (pre-tip).  That was the best part of it all!  All in all-it's not a place on my "must" list next time I'm in Vegas but the place wasn't awful either.  Nice middle of the road place that I'll most likely stop at, but only b/c we can eat for cheap.
1	We are staying at the hilton and went down for breakfast.  They were open and had about 5 couples eating when we were seated.  We waited 10 minutes for a server to come and at least take our drink order.  After the wait we got back up and walked out.  I handed my menu back to the hostess that seated us.  There are so many good places to eat in this area why would I stay and continue to wait for someone to come and take an order.
1	Horrible service and horrible food. How does 4 parties that got seated after you get their food before you? Even Carl's Jr has better burgers than this place. Avoid this place like the plague.
2	After wandering around Planet Hollywood, we stumbled upon this place for some quick and dirty food. We got seated (with a wide open restaurant may I add as well as patio) between a pole and group of 6. We ordered some burgers, which were lack luster but did the trick for any hangover. The drinks (3.99 blood marys) were mehhh. For 3.99 in Vegas I expected stronger, but nope! Would take about 15 of these to get you any sort of feeling. Straight spice and Tomato juice. Regardless the food was just ok, but the service was good enough aside from seating. Which earns this place my rating!
1	Just walk away. While my specific waitress was doing her job everyone else was clearly slacking. The food was bad even for a chain, and the worst part might have been one of the idle wait staff making loud clicking noises with his mouth to our annoyance even after we made it clear that it was aggravating. This was the worst place I visited in Vegas, and maybe one of the worst experiences I've had at a restaurant.
3	eh.... ok food.  Under staffed, slow, but friendly service.
2	They are sooooooooooo slow here. Do not come here if you are in a rush or have anything to do for the rest of the night. There were 3 other people in the whole place and it took our food 30 minutes to come out. We ordered 2 cheeseburgers, 30 minutes for 2 cheeseburgers at a place called Cheeseburgers. Had to ask multiple times for the check.
2	No flavor!
3	We were in the mood for just a hamburger and decided to try in the mall the Cheeseburger"  place. Hamburgers not too bad. I had the Swiss mushroom burger. Nice and sloppy which is how I love a good hamburger!  The fries were very good! I love crunchy fries and these were every bit crunchy. My husband had a BBQ bacon cheeseburger with one onion ring? My husband loved the burger! He really loves the BBQ sauce on a burger. With three pieces of bacon, he  enjoyed it but almost wished for mushrooms instead of the bacon. BBQ and mushrooms? Not for me but he enjoyed a couple of mushrooms I had from my burger and enjoyed them. We did nmot see it but a build your burger may be a great hit! I enjoyed a drink "Double Trouble". Wow definitely a Double Trouble type of drink! Very sweet!  Connie our waitress was also awesome!A nice place to eat when you want to have a great hamburger!
1	Food was ok once we got it. Waited over 30 minutes for a burger at a burger place. Got there before the lunch rush and ordered right away. People seated after us were almost done eating when we got our food. Won't go back.
4	We've been here 2 times and both were very good, coconut shrimp,wings,pulled pork,fries,cheeseburgers. All yummy..Onion rings just ok to me but I'm picky. Wait time in other reviews we didn't experience that problem..Claudia was quick and sweet and patient cause we ask a lot questions :-) Mai Tai was bomb and strong, Bloody Mary awesome and spicy. Our 2nd visit was 12/02/13 just before 10:pm server was nice young with dark hair, he was very good also. Inside lots of seating and outside which is in miracle mile but we love people watching and its next to the V theatre so lots of activity. Not to expensive and tasty we will be back cause we are loco locals.
4	This review is for the $5.99 breakfast special only.If you're staying in PH, this is probably your best bet for breakfast. Two eggs, meat, potatoes, toast and a piece of fruit with coffee for $5.99. It comes out fast and they won't screw up your order. They even stick a cocktail umbrella in your pineapple. Came here twice for breakfast and was in and out in 30 minutes both times. I had chuckle every time that they asked me "is the patio OK?" I mean, it's one of those fake outdoor spaces... and you can look up at the clouds painted on the ceiling... not actual outside. Would anyone really mind the patio?
5	Pastrami Burger, Hot Wings & 5 for $20.00 beer special are great. Located in the Miracle Mile Shopping Center
4	We were looking for a place to satisfy my husband's giant-sized hunger and my need for a good drink. The atmosphere in this place is relaxed and we enjoyed the Hawaiian/island themed decor. I ordered a Big Ass Bloody Mary and it didn't disappoint. My husband got his vodka and cran. The menu had a good variety to chose from and they served breakfast all day! We were in the mood for lunch and my husband got the Kobe burger and opted for the fried egg on top! My mahi tuna teriyaki sandwich was also tasty but very messy. Service was good and it wasn't very crowded and we felt like they just let us be and relax which was also nice. I would like to go back and try more options next time we are in Vegas. If you are hungry from a day spent shopping then stop in here for a drink and a burger!
3	Grabbed Aloha Fish and Chips the other for lunch.  It was good.  The seasoned fries are very good.  Good service and no lines.  Located next to the V theater.  The fountain light show was nice to see during our dining experience here.
1	We used to love this place.  But everything has changed  - except the decor.  Tonight my wife tried the Kalua Pig sandwich.  What arrived was pork jerky on a toasted bun.  The menu said it came with pineapple, but it was a 60 degree wedge, about 1/4 inch thick.  They forgot to bring the fries she also ordered, but sent for them immediately - before she tasted the pork.  When the fries came, she sent the pork back.  They apologetically asked if there was something else they could bring her. She wanted a Chinese Chicken salad we used to order, but it was removed from the menu 2 weeks ago, so she settled for the Chicken Caesar.  It was not bad.  I ordered the special - a roast beef on ciabatta, but the ciabatta was over-toasted rye instead.  We informed them that their recent changes were not an improvement, and we wouldn't be back.  They offered to take 15% off the check, and it took 3 attempts for them to finally get it right.  Unbelievable!  I had to wonder just how bad they wanted my yelp comment to be.
2	Slow service!!!  Overpriced. Food when it arrived was cold but we were too hungry to complain.
1	Yuck....just yuck!We went to this restaurant because it was next to the comedy show venue.  It looked like your typical touristy burger joint.Unfortunately, the food was not even mediocre.We ordered fries to come out first and they arrived as the side to one of the burgers.The burgers were edible but flavorless.The taco salad was COLD hamburger on top of a taco salad type bowl.  Skip this place.  There are plenty of alternatives.
4	I ordered the California cheeseburger and it was good. Seasoned fries were delicious. My burger came with a slice of grilled pineapple and avocado slices... Good choice. Minus one star because the service was slow. The waitress was very nice but the restaurant was not busy at all and our good took long to come out.
5	If you don't give this place 5 stars, you're just doing it wrong! It's all about the Bloody Marys. Every morning, the bartenders whip up the mix from scratch and serve them as a special for morning happy hour. They are salty and spicy, and not at all sweet like the pre-made mixes are. Share a breakfast with a friend and enjoy a great Bloody Mary!
1	Tourist trap. Burger is underseasoned. Calamari does not look like calamari. Overpriced. Eat at Gordon Ramseys Burgr instead they have the same price point.
3	Went here for lunch with some ladies I met in Vegas. I ordered the garden burger which was goo and sweet potato fries which were cold and just ok. The others got pork wontons and nachos which they also said was good. Service was a bit slow but otherwise friendly.
1	Dont spend ur money here! The burgers were nothing different than Mc Donalds, seriously! The service was terrible, we waited 30 mins for our food to arrive and our waiter barely acknowledged us.
4	Great burgers, loved the sweet potato fries.  Very happy with the service.  Would definitely come back.
4	after an afternoon of partying, my friends and i walked around miracle mile to grab some dinner. we came across cheeseburger and decided to give it a try. overall, i loved this place, and will definitely come back. this is my wings spot in vegas.what's good:- CHICKEN WINGS -- MUST HAVE. it comes in an order of 7. the buffalo wings are crispy and delicious.- KOBE BURGER -- MUST HAVE. it's the most expensive burger, but sooo worth it!! - volcano bites -- mehh ok.- service and cleanliness -- great!no bueno:- no sriracha -- how can you not have sriracha?!
2	This was the second time I visited this place. I should have learned the first time. I wanted breakfast, a onion, ham and cheese Omelette with a side of sausage. I  was given a coffee and my breakfast was out quicker than a muffin at McDonald's.  The sausages were cold and I sent them back it then took ten minutes for them to come back. I'd finished my breakfast by then. No offer of coffee top up. Got the cheque and left. Maybe I've just been unlucky with my service both time. Don't think I'll be coming back anytime soon.
1	Simply the worst cheeseburger I have ever been served by wait staff.  Service was poor and the surroundings looked worn and questionable.  I have eaten at their Maui location and enjoyed it.  This place needs to be closed.
1	Only one thing to say: TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE! If I could give this place 0 or negative stars, I would! After leaving the line at the V Theater next door, we decided to get something to eat. I made eye contact with both the hostess and the waitress who were standing near the front talking as we were approaching so they knew we were going to come there to eat. So what do they do? They both turn around so their backs are to us and walk into the restaurant. I thought that was rude, but we still waited a few minutes until they looked at us again, continued to talk for a few minutes with their backs to us, then the waitress walked off and the hostess continued to stand in the restaurant with her back to us. By this point we were incredibly annoyed after also receiving no service at the V Theater. I noticed another woman sitting at a computer around the corner from the hostess' desk, so I told her we were there for 2. She tells me "Oh you have to wait for her," and points to the hostess who has turned her back to us TWICE. I was furious by this point! I've worked in customer service for several years and one thing you don't do is tell a customer to wait for an employee who has been ignoring them! After that we left, I didn't bother asking to speak to a manager because I'm sure I would have been waiting there for another 15-20 minutes. Now I know why this place never has a full house.
5	Just took a quick trip to vegas and stopped here for a bite to eat. Had to be the best burger we had this trip. Very flavorful and great price for vegas. To top it of they had kona big wave on tap!!!
3	Had the 5.99 breakfast special which hit the spot. Nice server and interesting Hawaiian decor. I could see myself coming back here I guess to try a cheeseburger next time. lol
5	I have been here a few times and love it!  It's such a fun place if you love burgers and Hawaii! I've been to the original "Cheeseburger in Paradise" on Maui and this place is just the same.  I love the Loco Moco and their breakfasts.  They always have great service for us and we make sure to go here every time come to Las Vegas.  I also love the Mai Tais as well at their Mai Tai bar, good tasting and they have a lot of fun decor to check out.  Can't wait to come back and have another Loco Moco!!
1	We ate here because of it's convenience to the V theatre. We got a dinner voucher and chose this location. I'm glad to say we didn't have to pay for most of our meal because it was very disappointing. The waiter was very kind but not very attentive. My husband ordered the seared ahi tuna sandwich sans the bread so it was gluten free and ordered the sweet potato fries. I ordered the baby cheese burgers with onion rings. It took quite a bit to get our food and they weren't busy so I just assumed the cooking process took a while. To my surprise however when our food came out both my husbands fries and my onion rings were luke warm at best. While the food looked great as far as presentation it lacked in everything else. My little burgers had zero flavor I even had to salt and pepper them and the onion rings were rock hard. We left disappointment and won't be back there. Sorry "Cheeseburger" we tried!
4	Great service, clean great burgers! I had the sliders and my husband had the bacon cheeseburger
4	Had tickets to the Zombie Burlesque and was running late. My friends and I decided to catch a bite here. We only had 30 mins to eat and the waitress answered honestly that the food would take at least 25 mins to be prepared.  So we did not get to try any of the famous burgers but instead ordered appetizers and the Cobb salad. The Cobb salad was very fresh and the presentation was photo-worthy. We also ordered the pork and cilantro wontons with the teriyaki sauce.  I'm not a big fan of teriyaki but this was also cooked to perfection.  The crispy chicken curls was the best. Lightly breaded it was the perfect ratio of chicken to batter. We also rounded out the meal with fries and nachis. The fries were reminiscent of Rally burger fries. And the name his were fresh and good but a little strange as it was covered in shredded lettuce.  Granted we could use the salad in our diet. All in all I would go again.  At least to try the burger.
2	This Hawaiian themed burger joint was ok. They have some Hawaiian style dishes & a wide variety of burger toppings. The food was pretty good but the service was very poor. Waiting 10 minutes plus just to get drink refills or more napkins is not cool.
1	Awful service! 3 servers walked by us, without even acknowledging us! We left after waiting for 20 minutes for someone to come to our table!
3	My family decided to come here for breakfast after hearing about their $6 breakfast special which is a huge deal after facing all the expensive tourist prices in Vegas. The special came with hash browns, eggs(of your choice), toast(you pick the bread), your choice of ham, bacon, or sausage, coffee, and a slice of pineapple(for the Hawaiian themed restaurant). The plates looked very presentable, the staff were friendly, and the coffee was good.....but the food not so much. I got scrambled eggs that tasted like straight up butter and was very undercooked. I gave my piece of ham to my mom since I'm not a meat person in the morning. The hash browns weren't the best but it was tolerable and the toast was well...toast. I ended up eating everything on my plate because I was hungry, but that ended up being a poor choice. About 30 minutes after eating I got the worst stomachache of my life. It was horrible and I could barely walk without complaining about how nauseous I felt. Eventually I sucked up the pain, but it didn't go away until about 6 hours later when I decided I could stomach a granola bar. I told my family I would not be going back there again only to be called "picky" and "stubborn" because apparently they all loved their breakfast special. So 2 days later we return for breakfast. They all order the special and I get a plate of pancakes for $7 which ended up being a bit pricey because a coffee was $2.50 extra. My plate came with 3 giant pancakes, a little container with syrup and a little container with butter. While it was no iHop pancake, it was still very good and I even had to give one to my cousin because the pancakes were so big. Cheeseburger is a decent place for breakfast if you're in the Miracle Mile Mall area.
5	OMG!!! The BEST turkey burger I've ever had from a restaurant!!!! Seasoned to perfection! Good fries! I loved it! My best friend had a double regular (beef) burger and she enjoyed it as well! I'll try to post pics!
4	I had the best Kailua pork sandwich ever! The pastrami burger was also very good. Beware that adding fries will be 2.50 and not worth it! Ice tea: 3.50.
4	This place was pretty cool.  I was staying in Las Vegas for a work trip and based near Planet Hollywood and the Million Mile shops.  This place got my attention mostly because of its proximity to where I was and my level of hunger.  That said, I previewed the menu first and was happy to see a veggie burger (Chipotle Black Bean) on the menu and the option to substitute salad for fries so I decided to give it a go.  The decor is also fun with lots of kitschy Hawaiian decor and the wait staff dressed in fake grass hula skirts (over shorts ... men and women alike ...).  So it was a fun environment.  Food was okay. I wish I'd asked for the salad dressing on the side since any calories I saved by not ordering fries were replaced by the huge glob of dressing on my tiny side salad.  That said, my bad & I will not make that mistake again. I'm just mentioning it to help you out in case you want to order a salad to cut calories.Overall, I was happy with the experience. Im hoping not to have too many more work trips to Vegas, but if I'm stuck looking for a meal at the Million Mile shops, I'd give them another try.
5	My friend and I dined here before we saw Britney Spears. For being around 7:30 pm, this place was so empty! There were maybe only 3 other tables dining. I had the Hawaiian Style Chicken Sandwich, and a side of sweet potato fries. Everything was delicious! The service was fast and super friendly. Next time we visit Vegas, we will definitely return.
3	Food was okay, the service was great, the prices are quite high for what you get.I think the bill for 2 of us was like $55 and all we got were some loaded nachos and both of us ordered sliders.  This place has a great location if you want to see a show and wait in line to get tickets.
2	The food was mediocre at best and the same with the service. The server just seem like she really care.
2	Give me a break.  The food was lackluster and boring and the service was so slow I was not sure if the server was female or male because  I saw them exactly once for like 15 seconds.There are many, many places in almost any direction from this place that are many times better.If you want to grab a quick bite of very ordinary food, this is your place, may want to sit at the bar for reasonable service.If a nice sit down lunch at a burger joint is your goal . . . well maybe then.I would be hard-pressed to find a reason to return.
3	Has lunch at the PH today and it was good. Cheeseburger island style with Kailua pork. It was good. Don't think I would go out of my way but if you're hungry, it will do. Our service was fast but it did awhile to actually get our food. server refilled our drinks a few times!
4	Great burgers and sweet potato fries were a nice touch. Bit on the pricey side but what do you expect from Vegas.
4	Located inside the miracle mile shops a small piece of Hawaii, well not really, but it is all duded up in Hawaii swag.  I went with a group and we had burgers and a pork sandwich.  It one of those place that isn't bad, maybe 3.5 stars.  I would say this place is good for a quick bite to eat , a drink at a decent price.   It was anything that id say, "Oh Snap, I'll be back" and in a pinch of return.  It's tough within a dice throw you have allot of options around you. Better and worse.   We stuck around and had some drinks and watched the game, it was bad.
