3	I'm a pedicure junkie - I like to get my toes done at least once a month, I don't care if it's too cold out for anyone to ever see them but me!  So, a couple of months ago, I moved to a new part of town.  Classic Nails is up the street from my new place (along with about 600 other salons), and I decided to pop in...Pros:1. Reasonably priced (I think my spa pedi was $25+tip)2. Comfy massage chairs3. No wait4. Brought me a bottle of water5. Trashy magazines to read (ie "People," not "Hustler")6. Toes looked great at the endCons:1.The lady hurt me a few times with the cuticle trimmers and the slougher.  When I exclaimed, "Ow!' for the third time, she said, "You have sensitive feet!'  Yeah, sensitive to being cut open!2. My pedicure started chipping a bit after a week.  And normally I can go about three weeks before anything even starts to get sad.Overall, it was a decent place - but I will probably keep looking.  There are too many nail salons around to settle!Last week I had a girl friend in town, and I took her to my old place, T Nail Spa, @ 4616 W. Sahara.  It's further away, but at least I knew I'd get a good pedi and no pain!
1	The shop was dirty! You can tell they never clean their stations. False advertising, they say they are giving you one thing and give cheap products. I went to get mt nails "gel'd" they used some acrylic powder they pass off as gel. And gave me a half fast paint job cause she needed to do her  family members nails. When I asked for my gel top coat they tried charging me extra. Don't recommend this place at all!! They need to be inspected for cleanliness!
3	I like this place. Very friendly staff and it has always seemed pretty clean to me. I like the seat massagers and hot moist towels for my feet! They always have clean tools, very sanitary!
2	Meh. That's what this was. My pedicure was meh. I like that they open early and that they  were able to accommodate me. The lady was nice, too. But the service was lacking. Their "spa" is outdated and I think just looks dirty...it seems that it might actually be clean though. The speckled linoleum and outdated massage chairs I think add to the dirty appearance. I'm used to my pedicures being a soak, cut, cuticles, scrub, massage, double check for missed loose skin, and paint. After a total of 30m, I didn't get a scrub and can't even remember getting a massage and she for sure didn't do the double take before polishing.You can see their tools being sanitized and there's no debris on the floor, but meh. Also, I love massage chairs, but the one I sat in was SO uncomfortable I couldn't even enjoy the massage. Reclining the seat didn't help at all. It was like putting your lower back in a hole and having the top of the chair push your upper back forward. Not a fan. The search continues for the right place.
1	Don't ever, ever, ever come here to get eyebrow wax or lip wax!! Regardless of their sale sign "eyebrow & lip wax for $10". The lady just waxed my eyebrow and lip so fast...and said "okay you done." She didn't even tweezed or comb. Didn't take the time; still had little hair and waxed on my lip and brow. Also, didn't even wait for wax to cool before applying, and it burned!! Don't let her smile and greeting fool you. Wish I got her name.
3	Really cheap nails . Like it here sometimes there to busy and long waits tho that's why three stars.
