4	Cheap and fast Indian lunch special:  $5.95 gets you a substantial piece of grilled flat bread (chose white, brown, or pita), rice, and three dishes.  When I went there were only four to chose from: a pleasantly spicy but a little runny saag paneer, soft yellow cabbage, and two chicken dishes, tikki masala and chicken curry.  So not the best spot for vegetarians, but better flavors than Sree's.  I was in and out in less than five minutes!
4	Bombay Gyro...yeah, ok...go ahead...giggle. Because I know, whenever you think India, you think Gyro, right? I mean it's kind of like thinking of Turkey when you think of Pizza. Oh, wait, half of the smaller pizza chains in town are Turkish owned...and quite frankly, they're pretty darned GOOD! Well, you can think the same way about Bombay Gyro and Lunch Box.Located down the side block from Tonic in a very small hole in the wall space, two handsome Indian guys serve up a very quick, varied, inexpensive and tasty lunch.You have the usual American offerings of subs, burgers and other sandwiches, along with their typical sides of fries, jalapeno poppers and such, then the gyros and felafel - which quite frankly, the actual quality of the gyro meat is better than the raved about Mike & Tony's. They're simple, but for the gyro alone, it's only $5, add fries, and it's $6. For $6.50, throw in a soft drink. They have all the basic toppings for the gyro as well, lettuce, tomato, onion, cucumber sauce, sriracha, etc. In addition, they also have a daily hot plate from their homeland, which is basic, but flavorful. For $6 you get a grilled flatbread, rice, and your choice of three curries from a selection of four. Two meat, and two veggie. Usually the meat is chicken, but they may also surprise you with lamb. Now this isn't the PRIMO Indian food, kind of watered down to please the burghites, but it is more flavorful (as someone else had mentioned) than Sree's (and I adore Mrs. Sree - her samosas kick!).  But from a personal preference, I think Sree's uses only breast meat chicken (and I have NEVER been a breast man) where Bombay uses more of a mix of white and dark meat, which to me has more juice and flavor. The rice is flavorful, the flatbread...well, it's lightly grilled flatbread. It is what it is.But it's all served up very quickly, and the guys are very friendly and efficient.As I said, this isn't gourmet foodie heaven, but for a REALLY inexpensive lunch option in dismal downtown, it's a pretty refreshing change - you'll be filled and not disappointed, for well under $10.And the eye candy in line, though not quite as stellar as over at Istanbul Grille, can be a mighty nice distraction while you're waiting. Namaste - n'at!
1	Terrible service to first time customer here for a conference. I ordered a gyro. on my own. Then he took the next order behind me and fixed their 3 orders first without starting my gyro. I overheard they were regulars. I left...I don't have time for this. Maybe good if you're in the inner circle but this out of towner is not impressed.
5	ETHNIC CONFUSION? NO WAY!I'm gonna go ahead and give this a 5. "Hole in the wall" as a description of a place is never a derogatory comment in my universe and more of a compliment, but only if the food absolutely rocks - which it did! And, as a bonus, the concept just blew me away. Meat spinning on a spit and Greek specialties on the menu, with Indian specialties off to the other side - seems like ethnic confusion, right?Well, let me tell you, right down to the sauce, the gyro absolutely rocked! I was eating it and it was like I never wanted it to end. I am in town for the weekend and I am going to have to grab one on my way out. The only thing better than one of these is TWO of them. No joke, yo!If you are in Pittsburgh, go an get a gyro from these people and Yelp about them but good. I want this place to be here when I come back. The food speaks for itself so I'm sure there are no worries but, yelp speaks for food. Good eating to all of you and well, well, well done, Bombay!
5	The elusive five stars.  Forget Sree's, this place is the cooler, tastier sibling.  Not much in the way of ambience, but the food makes up for it.  Choose 3 from about 8 different dishes, some with meat and some vegan.  Choices change daily, and I've never been disappointed.  From Indian curries to a Pakistani ground meat dish that was amazing, you really can't go wrong.  Plus, the amount of food they heap on for $7 is almost ridiculous.  I always have leftovers for a late afternoon snack!They also serve burgers, and I see many gyros going out the door, but with all of the traditional dishes, I have yet to try anything else.  the owners are great.  Giving 5 stars wasn't even a question.One tip:  Get there by about 1:15 PM or the choices may be limited.
4	They have a daily special of rice, bread(flat bread), and 3 curries. It's just a little hole in the wall with a small lunch line style counter. Great flavor! In all 3 curries. The guy next to me got a gyro and it looked great. If the place had any kind on dining area, ambience, or more than 1 guy serving everybody...it would rule the street. But the line out the door proves they probably do.
