5	Perry and his staff are just wonderful. They have helped me where other doctors have failed. I cannot recommend Blue Serenity Acupuncture highly enough!
5	Good as new in 3 treatments..place is great..
5	I've been getting acupuncture and chinese herbs for my migraines for a couple months now from Perry. I'm sleeping better and my migraines while still around are much less intense. I've gone from having twice monthly ER visits for migraines to no ER visits, so thats a pretty good improvement. I was worried at first we wouldn't be able to afford the treatments, but its so much less than I expected and with these results, much more affordable than going to the ER and doctor all the time. Everyone is super nice, we're able to get appointments later which is great so very little work gets missed. The no scent policy is appreciated too. Everything is clean and modern, and very comfortable. I also love Heather the receptionists photography that is featured all over the place.
5	Wonderful kind service. This acupuncture clinic really cares about their patients. They provided great customer service and provided better care than any doctors office I've been to.
5	I was really skeptical going in to have Acupuncture for the first time...but after having a pressure headache for over a week - I would have tried about anything to feel better. My appointment went great! I was rid of my headache a short time after my session.  Perry Cooper is really talented, has great patient interaction, and has a wealth of knowledge on all things eastern medicine and holistic! I never realized you can use acupuncture to treat all kinds of ailments - bloody noses, stress, pain, girl stuff...the list goes on! Oh, and did I mention that they take insurance, payments from HSA, and have later hours for working stiffs. I would definitely recommend trying acupuncture @blueserenity.
5	I have chronic knee pain that I can usually manage.  A few months ago my pain escalated to the point where I could barely work/walk.  I was terrified and decided to try acupuncture, almost as a last resort.  I went online to look for an acupuncturist and stumbled upon Blue Serenity. After three treatments my pain level dropped from a 10 to a 2-3 and I was able to regain my mobility.Last week the excruciating pain in my knee returned so I made an appointment.  On Monday I literally hobbled in using my cane and 60 minutes later I literally walked out carrying the cane under my arm.Perry Cooper is an exceptional acupuncturist and I highly recommend Blue Serenity.
5	If you are looking for a good acupuncturist then this is the place to go!  Perry is absolutely wonderful.  He loves what he does and really takes the time to listen to his patients.  He loves the challenge to make you better!  I highly recommend trying acupuncture at Blue Serenity!
1	Sought out acupuncture in hopes that it would help with my stress and anxiety. Was pleased with the initial consultation and treatment. Staff is very nice. Was excited to see if acupuncture would help. Had a total of 4 treatments. Last treatment was on December 26th. Felt great after the treatment but that was short lived. Called to discuss with Perry as had a treatment scheduled for the following day. Was very caught off guard by his response. He threw the "you mentioned the holidays are a stressful time..." in my face. Pretty confident the holidays are a tough time for A LOT of people. The inappropriateness of his response and lack of empathy was so unprofessional. Will not return and would ABSOLUTELY not recommend.
