4	I love this place.  I crave their sandwiches.  They have this garlic sauce that's simply wonderful.  Bring gum!Try the turkey with cranberry (with garlic sauce of course).  It sounded strange to me at first but now I am in love.  They have punch card so your 10th? sandwich is free.  Locally owned which is cool.  Not open for dinner or on Sundays to my knowledge.
4	We had a coupon at work - buy one 6", get one free.  Believe it or not, 6" is plenty for this lil girl! ;}I got the #5 sandwich, which was turkey with cheese and cranberry.  There are two different breads to choose from and two different dressings.  I had the whole wheat bread and the garlic dressing.  They have the sandwich menu split into regions of the world, which I thought was cute, though then the number selection of the sandwiches was off.  It affected my OCD, but not too much!This was one of the best sandwiches I've had in this area!  I'm in the Scottsdale Airpark and surrounded by restaurants.  Most are just trendy places that people go to, just to say they've been there.  And they suck, for the most part!So, the sandwich was ooey-gooey and delish!  I had sauce running down my arm and cheese sliding out the sides.  That's how we do it on the East Coast, yo!  Oh, and a cranberry popped out onto my "shelf" (the chest, dudes!) but didn't stain, luckily.  5-second rule, right?Anyway, with the coupon, my co-worker and I paid $3 for 6"!!!
3	I had the #3 lunch special which is 6" sandwich, small soup and small drink for $9.00 and change. I had the #10 sandwich which is the "Croque Special" in the Italy category. The menu was divided into regions... France, Germany, Italy, American and then somehow Korean is on there with teriyaki bowls and fried rice. They also have salads and a few wraps.The sandwich was good and really liked the feta cheese that was on it. The soup was ok... Tasted homemade but was a little bland. I want to go back and try something else because I am a little up in the air on this place. Not knowing exactly what a "Croque" was I guess I was expecting something a bit more unique. Turns out it's a sub sandwich that is heated in an oven and served.Service was good and got my food fast but it was a little hard to understand the guy who was taking my order. Will update when I go back...
5	Oh my word .. these guys have, by far, the best sandwiches I have ever put into my mouth! Nothing beats a toasted turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce and garlic sauce and a side of fries or pasta.The atmosphere inside is only so-so. You feel like a foreigner here, your food is grouped by country flags, everyone on the other side of the counter (there seem to be at least five or six people) is Asian with non-native English skills, the walls are plain white, and the self-serve beverages are where the patrons' toilet should be.But take me here on a comfortable day and let me sit outside at the umbrella-covered table with my cutting-board-as-a-plate as it holds my footlong toasted sandwich with its specialty sauces, and my side, and I am seriously in chillout mode for lunch.  I love eating here!!
3	Since this is one of the few places that delivers food to my office in far north phoenix, I eat a sandwich from here once or twice a week. I love that they take orders by e-mail. I mail them in the morning with what I want delivered for lunch, works pretty well.The biggest tip I've learned about croque's: The white baguette is a great baguette, soft inside with a nice crisp crust. The wheat is more like regular sub bread.My favorite sandwich so far is the bulgoki, I'm a sucker for steak with peppers and onions.
5	Was cruising on my trusty longboard to the neighboring Fitness Cafe looking for some healthy skating fuel when I noticed it was out of business. Rolled on past looking for an alternative, confident in the universe's ability of pleasantly surprising me. It took all of 6 seconds to deliver another knock-out-of-park culinary happenstance!I immediately fancied the no-frills-about-it deli style setup - these friendly Koreans are here for one reason and one reason only: food. Multi-cultural delights to be specific. There is something for everyone here. I was searching only for a simple lunch...but I got a complimentary side order of positive attitude from the employees, thus enhancing my already groovin' mojo!I went with the Bulgoki Bowl - grilled Korean BBQ steak, stir fried broccoli, carrot and onion (check for the Yelp pic I posted) - served steamin' fresh with a crisp AZ green tea. I could not possibly be more satisfied. The perfect portion - no comatose afterburn. The flavor? Impeccably perfect, made just like the way that Korean grandmother of yours you never had would've mastered up! I'm looking for a reason to complain.........nope, can't find one!I sit here in this hole-in-the-wall deli writing this review in hopes that another hungry internet surfer catches my good-willed words and takes a chance on this hidden gem so that they too may carpe diem.Now back to cool-cruisin' this beautiful May day. Happy grubbin' people! B-) ~m/
4	In the first two days of discovering Croque... I had eaten there twice. While I've been looking for new places to eat in the area, this one quickly sucked me in. On the second day, I also got two co-workers to eat there, and I think this is quickly becoming a Croque office.I've now had a number of their sandwiches, including their bugolki sandwich (on multi-grain with the garlic spread) and the chicken pesto club (on white with their remoulade) and both are absolutely delicious. Very different sandwiches, but each is great in its own right. Unwrapping these sandwiches alone is enough to get you salivating. The scent is irresistible! Add fresh, quality ingredients hand assembled while you wait, and you've got a winner. I was even eating some of the remoulade straight out of the side container they gave me, that's how good this stuff is!I also tried out their teriyaki chicken lunch bowl... YUM!Matter of fact, I'm getting hungry again just writing this...
5	Update:Croque has earned high marks with me. My office has put in detailed orders with several people, and our orders always arrive prepared well with no mistakes. The E-mail ordering make it easy. I've had salads, soup, rice bowls, and of course sandwiches and have yet to order something I didn't like.
5	I did not get a sandwich from here. I ordered the spicy ramen noodles since it was a chilly, rainy day. I was genuinely shocked on how amazing it was! Not that I didn't think it would be good, but it was seriously some of the best stuff I've ever had. I now crave it at least once a week! Not only did the amazing soup earn them the 5 stars. The service was awesome. I only ate about half a bowl of soup and asked for a to-go container. The lady came out and separated my noodles from the broth and put them in different containers. She also explained to me how to reheat it properly so it doesn't ruin the flavor. She then taped them tightly shut so it didn't leak in my car.FYI this is an "order at the counter" type of place. This type of superb service was totally unexpected, but greatly appreciated. I was able to eat the rest of my ramen the next day and it tasted just as fresh and flavorful as when it was first served. This was all thanks to the wonderful service of this sandwich shop.
5	Croque is a very different as well as delightful kind of place.  Legitimately there is nothing else out there like Croque's.  You think it should be some kind of Louisiana style restaurant full of fried Catfish and gumbo like dishes or maybe a French restaurant full of less interesting French food but instead its a place that serves sandwiches, soups and various Asian themed bowls.  They have 18 different kinds of sandwiches that are American, French, Korean and German motif, so there is a lot of variety and each sandwich is of the highest quality.  I've only had the Bulgoki myself(people I've eaten with their have had the Madame and the Tuna but say there were equally amazing) but I've had it in the less traditional "sandwich" form as well as the bowl and the flavor is spectacular, rivaling Bulgoki I've had at excellent Korean restaurants all over the valley.  I'm looking forward to trying the other sandwiches as well as various soups of the day (ex Mushroom Brie looked amazing), overall this is the best new sandwich place around, forget about boring Subway for lunch and try a sandwich worth eating at Croque's
4	Honestly, they can get some better quality ingredients if they're going to charge so much for a sandwich.  However, they make a good sandwich - not all sloppy, not oversized, good combination of ingredients.  I will probably go back and pay the hefty price next time I'm in the vicinity.  :)
4	How have I never written a review for this place? What the hell? My coworker goes there at least once a week to pick up her (our) orders. We get the spicy chicken bowl and we order so much that the woman who runs this place knows her (our) order lol. Depending on who makes the dish determines the level of spiciness, but it is yummy for your tummy goodness. Oh and don't forget about the chocolate chip cookie. There have been numerous occasions in which by the time we order our lunch, they are already out of them since she makes them fresh everyday. So not fair! Even the sandwiches are yummy, but the spicy chicken rice bowl is number one in my book!
3	Why don't I ever like the place that other people say is amazing? Maybe I just order the wrong thing, I dunno. I wasn't terribly hungry so I got the grilled chicken salad. There was tons of chicken on it although it kind of had this fake look to it. The whole salad just wasn't very appetizing. But if you want to get great service, then I recommend this place. The women were incredibly friendly and because we had a party of 5, they brought out a free cookie cut into 8 slices, with a toothpick in each slice! It was so nice! But based on the 1 thing I got there, I was not impressed. Other people in my office love this place, so maybe I need to go back when I am more hungry and order a sandwich instead.
4	Great food and fast delivery.
3	The Hubs and I decided to hit up Croque during a weekday work from home day based on the awesome reviews.  Though I can see the potential, I wasn't as thrilled as past reviews suggested I would be.  I can't remember the specific sandwich I got, but it was decent, just nothing special (hence why I can't remember it).  Hubs had the spicy chicken rice bowl, which was his attempt at being healthy.  It really was healthy and left him longing for something more.  It did have good flavor, but really nothing that wowed either of us.The highlight of the trip, however, was something free, believe it or not... the freakin' chocolate chip cookie!  I consider myself a cookie connoisseur and I must say this one was awesome.  Basically, I will go back to Croque simply for that cookie... ahhh... tasty chocolaty goodness.
1	I have never written a review before but felt I needed to after my experience with Croque. We order from Croque all the time and most often have the food delivered.  In the past the food would arrive around 20 minutes later than we were told but it wasn't a big deal.  Today when we ordered we were told our food would be delivered in 30 minutes.  An hour later still no food.  My boyfriend called and the lady told him the food was on the way without even saying sorry or anything.  Another hour went by now we had been waiting 2 hours for our 30 minute delivery.  He called back and told the lady we still had not received our order.  She said it's on its way again.  He told her I hope you are not planning on charging us for this food because we have been waiting 2 hours.  In a pissed off voice she says "Oh so you want a free meal???"  After some arguing she said she would not charge for the food.  Twenty minutes later I received a call from the drive.  She told me her boss said not to charge for the food but demanded... "you have to tip the driver" over and over again.  I told her she could talk to my boyfriend when she got here.  She then called back three more times yelling that we had to tip her.  My boyfriend told her just so you know I was going to tip you but when you deliver food 2 hours late you shouldn't call your customers and demand that they tip you.  Tipping is optional and it's based on performance.  When she got here she rang the doorbell 8 times in a row (No i'm not making this up) Needless to say at this point we did not tip her and will no longer be ordering from Croque.  Their customer service is a Croque of $#!%.  (Sorry I had to!!!!)
5	Pleasantly surprised, my girlfriend and I both ordered the Teriyaki Chicken Bowl ( 1 white rice and the other brown ) and it was different than your average bowl. It wasn't drenched in super sweet teriyaki sauce and it was made with yummy sticky rice along with fresh veggies & chicken. As for customer service, the gentlemen kindly greeted us and got our orders. A lady from the back came and gave us our food and was very personable.I recommend this place for some good lunch eats!
4	Stopped by for my first visit.  Ordered the club sandwich and DELICIOUS !  Bread was soft and a little chewy, right balance of meat and veggies.  Very fresh and the condiments were perfect.   Not your typical sandwich shop.   Will repeat....!
5	Friendly family owned deli. The ramen soup is amazing!!!! My son always gets the chicken teriyaki bowl. I have gotten a few sandwiches here that were very good too. David and his wife that own the place are very friendly and really bend over backwards to please their customers. I love coming here, and so do my kids!
1	One of the few places in the area that will deliver.  I thought I would give it a shot.  I ordered a #2 12inch and a large coke.  With a 10% off coupon I had, the total was around $13.50 with tip everything came out to $16.00.  I begin thinking to myself, "With a Subway and Dilly's Deli next to this place, they better step it up."  They said it would take 45 minutes... no problem.  The sandwich came early... great!The hot sandwich I ordered was cold and the bottom bread was totally soggy.  My biggest peeve in this world is soggy bread.  The quality of ham is disgusting.  It's slimy and tastes like ham flavoring.  I am not a ham snob by any means, but this is not edible.   For a sandwich that costs this much, they need to use better product.  I was starving when I ordered it.  I ate a few bites and now it's going in the trash.  I predict that this place won't make it through the summer.  In the summer this place will have to rely on all the local business employees.  People like me who would order food everyday from the same place (if it's good) are the people they will have to rely on.  I know people in my office will never call this place again because they were grossed out by my sandwich and baffled by how much I spent on it.  I get a limited time to eat lunch...I don't have time to call and complain, have them remake it and try to eat it again.  I'll pretend I just drank a $16.00 soda.
3	I have ordered from here several times and think that I can offer a fair assessment of my experience. My favorite order is the spicy fusion ramen noodle soup and a side salad. Even when they are delivering it, they put the noodles w/ veggies and the broth in separate containers. However, no matter how many times I have plead for an extra dressing for my salad, it has been to no avail. This may be due to a malfunction between the GrubHub ordering website and the register, but alas, it just has not happened for me. The salads are delicious and fresh. The blue cheese dressing is too thin/watery. The bulgoki is very tasty and when I'm feeling froggy I order it for grins and giggles. I am also a fan of their philly sandwich w/ garlic dressing although I don't think it tastes anything like a philly sandwich.
5	Excellent creative, unique, and delicious options.
3	They are a little slow on the lunch delivery side considering how close we are located to them. So, instead of waiting, we decided to go have lunch there. Surprisingly, even though we were there just prior to the lunch rush, it took about the same amount of time.That being said, the food is worth the wait. It's something a bit out of the ordinary and considering the options in the area it is a nice change. My favorite is the bulgoki bowl.
5	Spicy Chicken Bowl is amazing!!! Fast delivery & nice people running the joint.
4	Getting bumped up to 4 stars. Great customer service, and due to Amy D's review,  just tried the #5 Hot turkey breast sandwich and think I'm in love. Turkey, cranberry, mozzarella, garlic sauce, fresh lettuce and tomato...
4	So far so good. Only been here one time and I got the chicken bowl. Was hot and fresh. I would return here again to try some more things. Service was friendly and my to go order came out pretty quick.  Oh and their chocolate chip cookies were delicious!
4	These guys aim to please and their menu will have you anxious to see the baguette dressed in various global settings.  I personally recommend those sandwiches that incorporate the Korean heritage owners.
5	I made an order for a pesto chicken sandwich on a baguette and some french fries, the order was supposed to arrive at 1pm they were here by 12:40 which was a pleasant surprise.  The food was amazing and I will be ordering from them again several times.
4	I just finished a teriyaki chicken bowl from here and it was delious! Make sure to get it spicy which = deliciousness. My friend got a chicken pesto sandwich and it looked amazing. I can't wait to come back and try more!
2	I really wanted to like Croque. I have heard such great things. The menu looks amazing. Ordered lunch to be delivered at pm. I had the 12 inch BLT with the garlic sauce and a side of potato salad. The bread was too dry, it hurt my mouth when I took bites, the bacon was over cooked making the whole sandwich difficult to eat. The potato salad was also very dry and kinda boring :( My friend ordered the tuna wrap and also said it was not too exciing. I will give Croque one more chance and maybe dine in next time instead of take out.
5	I love when I have to retract a review I wrote.  Especially when it goes from 1 star to 5 stars.  I've ordered a few more times in the last year and it's been right on every time.  The spicy chicken bowl is wonderful... the salads are great.  I haven't made the jump to reordering a sandwich after my last bad experience but I'll get there.Delivery is fast and friendly.
1	I gave Croque TWO shots and will not be ordering from them again... They are close to my office and have brought us delivery menus on numerous occasions so I thought I would give them a try. The first time I ordered for delivery my food arrived FAIRLY quickly but was delivered by a woman who WREAKED of cigarette smoke.. needless to say after she left the smell lingered in the office because the paper bag my food was in also wreaked of cigarettes.  I emailed the business and received a kind response stating that this would be taken care of and was not acceptable... So I gave them another chance.The second time I ordered from them my lunch took an hour and 45 minutes to be delivered. I am completely aware that lunch time can be swamped, as I have been in the industry before, but almost 2 hours for a salad and a side of french fries is RIDICULOUS.  And to top it off, the same woman delivered... and she still wreaked! It's too bad that their service is off because their food is great and they're so close to my office!
2	I went for lunch today with a few co-workers and I was less than pleased. Then again, the name says it all - "Croque Famous Sandwiches". My co-workers ordered sandwiches and really enjoyed them. I ordered the Bulgoki Bowl and it was so incredibly gross. I've never tasted something so salty in my entire life. I don't even want to think about how much MSG I just consumed. i'd be interested in giving this place another shot - but next time i'm sticking to sandwiches.
5	The turkey was one of the best sandwiches I've had on a long time!I ordered the hot turkey, mozzarella and cranberry sandwich online and picked it up. The 6-inch was plenty for a decent lunch. The order was ready prompty, the online checkout system was simple, and I was able to pay in cash when I got to the cafe instead of paying with a credit card online when I didn't know if my sandwich would be ready or not.Considering Croque is in the same shopping center as some (not-so-great but cheap) chain restaurants, I really hope they can compete. The garlic sauce is amazing.
