3	I was never really a fan of Burger King. I used to like their Original Chicken Sandwich, but now it just does not taste as good as it used to. The only reason why I come here is because my husband likes the Double Croissan'wich and Hash Browns on the breakfast menu.This Burger King is located in the Rainbow Dunes Centre and is not very hard to spot since it is the only business left in this area. Looks like there used to be a buffet, hair salon, a shoe store and more that have all sadly closed down due to the bad economy.I have never been inside, but the drive-thru service is always pretty good. The employees are pretty nice and they have not messed up any of my orders yet. One thing that is nice is that they always seem to make a fresh batch of hash browns when you order them. They make you wait for a while, but they are still hot after I get home!It's too bad that I only like 2 items on their menu.
2	I usually stay away from fast food, but I happened to be working in the area and was too lazy to drive further away for lunch.Upon entry there was a BK employee on break eating BK food, always an encouraging sign when employees eat company food. Customer service was friendly, unfortunately that was about all that was good. $7.80 on two chicken sandwiches plus value onion rings. Food was below average although not terrible. What really brought this rating down was cleanliness, it seemed as though no matter where I sat a group of nats or a fly or two were sure to follow! That and the seats looked like they haven't been wiped down in days.Now that I think about it, the last time I enjoyed BK was when I was a kid and my friends and I were in San Diego staying by the beach, we'd grab the original chicken sandwiches at night. Bottom line: Don't bother with this place, if you're in the area just go a bit further east and you will find much better places in Chinatown.Customer service = 4 stars.Food =2 stars.Atmosphere = N/ACleanliness = 1 star.Final = 2/5 stars. (based on a fast food place)Total cost of experience = $7.80What it felt like it should cost = $2.50
4	I like it here. It's a nice, open restaurant, clean bathrooms, and the food was cooked well and as I ordered. What else can you ask for in a fast food place?
2	In my 89103 zip code, this was the highest rated Burger King.It was a long day at work and all I wanted was a Burger. I had a couple for free satisfries with a purchase of a regular whopper. I was like, DEAL! I'm doing this. Located in an old stripmall, you can't miss this building. Went through the drive thru and ordered my food. When I paid, the guy just takes my card without acknowledging me. I said, "thanks." I got no response back. I thought he was dead.My fries were stale! Gross. But other than, the burger was alright. But the service ruined it.Oh well.
1	Worst drive through experience, will avoid this place at all cost. Rude and unprofessional workers, food was eh and fries were cold.
1	Absolutely the worst burger king I have ever been to. Has terrible terrible service. Not only rude, but slow....soooooooooooooo slow. Any time I have gone I've had to wait drive thru a minimum of 10min. Even if its one item. Absolute minimum wait time. And then when you do get your order...chances are its wrong. Its wrong or so sloppy and such a lazy job putting together-all the guts of the burger are no longer on the bun, but loaded on the wrapper. Fast food is for...fast food. They are neither fast nor are they providing the food you request. I thought it was just a particular shift there...its not. Its any time of day. Its the only business left open in the shopping center. Employees should shape up or prepare to be shut down. I'm sure someone is just waiting to wipe out that entire center and start over.
