5	The people who run this place are honest, totally on top of their game, and nice.  I've brought in lamps that I was sure would need replacing, but they worked their magic - a couple of times within just a few minutes - and have charged me anywhere from $4.00 to $24.00.  I highly recommend taking any of your broken lighting fixtures here (even if they are missing parts).  The inventory of lamps, furniture and antiques is so vast that you will be fully entertained by walking around the store if you have to wait while they repair your fixtures.  A solid five stars!
5	Got a lamp that you love?  Can figure out why the F*(K it doesn't work anymore??  Bring it in here.  They'll fix it...they'll be super helpful, won't cheat you, won't try to upsell you and won't charge you a fortune.  Perfect!!
2	Visited this store twice in the last 2 weeks. While the store has been there for years these are not the same owners I had dealt with in the past. While their shade collection is vast the prices are rather high. The first experience was good but I spent $118 for a shade. Yesterday the experience was not so great- I was told the socket I had on the lamp was incorrect but they could easily change part of it out. 20 minutes later the woman comes back and said they would have to replace entire socket and sat down saying " now I can finish my BLT".  When lamp was brought out she got up and took me to the shade collection- not very helpful or pleasant like the previous visit. I picked out an $ 86 shade and went to check out where the staff at the counter was busy on the computer. Then I was told the charge for changing out the light socket was $9- I suggested that they might throw that in for for free since I was a repeat customer - no deal.  At the same time another customer came in returning 2 shades she had purchased several days earlier that did not fit her lamp. She was told they did not do refunds but only issued store credits.  I will be going elsewhere next time.
1	They may have a lot of lamp shades, but they are THE RUDEST people I've ever met!The lady with short hair has a crappy attitude, so does the younger guy. Oh I'm sorry that i have a question!  what an inconvenience!oh and did I mentioned they close at 5pm and turned the lights off on me at 4:30??!!!!So rude! NEVER GOING BACK
4	Recently dropped an antique pole lamp off for repair. Phx lamp did a great job and repair costs came in 25% less than quoted. It did take nearly 3 weeks for the repairs to be completed but this did not come as a surprise. They informed me of the time frame when I dropped off the lamp and called before they started work and when lamp was complete. Also have a great selection of lighting and antiques in shop. Overall great experience.
