5	With 100% conviction, I can say that I'm a better person thanks to the Karstadts. Master David Karstadt and his son John are not only fantastic instructors, but terrific people. My entire family took Taekwon-Do for years under their guidance and ultimately earned our black belts -- yep, Mom and Dad too! While I became proficient in the art of Taekwon-Do, it was growing up in a supportive, goal-oriented and respectful organization that has stayed with me 20+ years since I first walked through the door.Training is both physical and mental, and people of any age or athletic background can enjoy and benefit from learning Taekwon-Do. I can still vividly remember when I was a white belt at La Mancha (a former location). Mr. Karstadt taught me to "Look good, feel good," meaning that I should take pride in how I present myself. I was seven years old, but it was a great lesson that I haven't forgotten. The Student Oath and the Tenets (courtesy, integrity, perseverance, self-control, and indominatable spirit) have had lasting impact on me as well. My wife actually ridicules me for caring about integrity as much as I do -- and I have the Karstadts to thank! Last but not least, I got what every young boy wants: I was allowed to spar with my little brother with impunity!
5	My daughter and her friend just finished a fantastic week long Summer Camp at AZ Kicks. This was their second year taking the camp and they can not wait for the August session so they can do it again. Both of them said it was the best camp they went to this summer. Best of all for they have been using Yes Sir and No Sir all week, they practiced the lessons Master Karstadt handed out each day and have learned that hard work does pay off as they both advanced their Belt levels. Thanks Master Karstadt for everything and everyone should have their kids take one of his Summer Camps or his group lessons.
5	Of all of the activities I've tried over the years with my children, this has been our absolute favorite.  Master Karstadt emphasizes discipline, without being scary for the little ones, and really instills a sense of self confidence.  I can't say enough good things.
