4	I'm pretty much only going to review their beer selection because that is all that concerns me. Lee's has a decent selection. It's the best I have seen so far here in Las Vegas. I have seen stores with better selections in places like Chicago, but if you are a beer connoisseur then this might be the best you can find in the area. Also, they provide a discount if you pay with cash (debit cards count as cash as well), so you can get some pretty good deals.There is a Lee's closer to where I live, but this one is close to work so I occasionally  just pick something up on the way home. And no I'm not an alcoholic, I just enjoy fine beers.
4	How can this not be a good place? Its just wall-to-wall liquor. Its a necessity of life in Vegas. And for us, its one part of an ideal night: pick up a DVD from Hollywood Video, pop up to Lee's for a tokaji, wine, or fine ale, and round the corner to Albertson's for some condoms.
4	Lee's definitely fills the niche that Beverages & More (or BevMo as they call it now, I think) filled when I lived in San Diego.  Huge liquor store with a great selection.  I went here when I was looking for a six pack of Abita Purple Haze (only $6.99!) and some lambic beer ($8.99 for a decent sized bottle).  They carry pretty much every hard liquor on the market.  Now if only they could figure out a way to get Yingling, I'd be set!
4	Wouldn't go anywhere else. Close and easy to stop into, great for gifts, employees BIG plus for being so knowledgeable / helpful
4	I like Lee's in general, but this one is nicely spaced out and organized. Good selection on everything....wines particularly impressive though but thats fairly easy on distribution so no reason not to...I'm giving wine a backburner currently to craft beers. Beer selection of crafts and imports are decent..wish they had more, but it's impossible to get more than this and maybe a handful of other beers...most people dont get how the distribution system works and it's a hard thing to get craft beers here from the farther regions of US distributed this far out...very unfair but anyways I'll try not to get into politics.... They at least have all the basic favorites and some limited/seasonal brews, but havent spotted anything of particular rarity. Good single/big bottle selections too. Service- most people indifferent but theres a few people who chime in and get excited about our purchases and talk craft beer. One girl in particular liked that we get Dogfish Head and was telling us about her favorite one and how was gonna buy a bottle today and she can't wait to crack it open later on. People have been helpful at this location when were looking for something particular.Total Wine&More just opened....curious how it stacks up. TW&M has a few beers that Lee's does not carry that I cant wait to get my hands on.
5	This is where I go to purchase 90% of the good liquor I drink.  Mr. Lee has built an empire based on liquor and the reason is because his stores are so Awesome!  Why?  Here's Why....Pros- You can find just about anything you're looking for here....Wine, Beer, and Spirits from all over the world.  And if they don't have it, you can special order it.- If you pay cash, you get a better price.- They have Wine Spectator & Wine Enthusiast ratings on their better wines for reference.- Their prices are pretty competitive....can you find a bottle or two cheaper somewhere else?  Maybe, but overall, it's a good value.Cons- Umm....I can't think of one.Will I return?  You bet your drunk a$$ I will!
2	Lee's on Lake mead is a lot like the forgotten step child in the Lee's family.  I mean the wine selection is terrible at best.  The store is laid out very casual and plain.  It's more like a quick grab liquor depot to just grab your 2 buck chuck or bottle of Absolute and head home.
5	I find it eerie that Rob P. and I have a similar interest in a tasty raspberry beer called Purple Haze but that's another conversation for another day. This location is top notch for their service. Occasionally beers get moved around and the staff is always roaming this giant warehouse of alcohol happy to answer any questions.Throw in an amazing selection of tasty libations and any alcoholic would be pretty happy coming to Lee's.  Well, you don't have to be an alcoholic but this place sure as hell makes you feel like one. I must mention that Hanshiktaco resides in the parking lot of this location which must help Lee's business our a bit and vice versa. I don't think I can visit one without the other. Great business strategy! Beer+Street Food=WIN!
4	Well I guess I am a fan of the liquor store which is a scary thing to say. But the prices here are excellent and you find a lot of things you did not know existed. I still like Total Wine and More better but, it is still good. And I will come here first if I am trying to save money and don't want something too unique.
4	Heck yes Lee's Liquor. (Liquor? hell I hardly even know'er!!!) Checked out this location, as I'd never been in this one before, when I went to the food truck fest in the parking lot a few nights ago (sunday??) I gotta say, it was pretty clean and well organized, and the prices are in fact some of the best in town. Me and my girl walked around, checking out the many many liquors, beers, wines, and other spirits. I ended up buying a handle of Captain Morgan ($19.99 on special from $23.99) and a 6 pack of Leinenkugel bottles (for $5.99, not sure if it was a special, but definitely cheaper than the Smith's next to my house at $7.99).Overall the experience was great and I will be going to Lee's liquor more often even though it's a little farther away. I love that you can literally find anything you would ever want to drink and pay a pretty low price too.4 nice big stars.
5	It's like everyone here is ecstatic to see that you are gonna get sloshed 3 hours after making a purchase from them.Honestly, they have a great selection and have my favorite beer and great prices.  The staff pretty much knows what they are talking about when it comes to alcohol.  And I haven't had a single homeless person come ask for money outside in their parking lot.I have no reason NOT to get this place.Conditions For Me To Return:- If I live nearby and want alcoholor- Have $2 for me to grab a 4-Loko- In the mood to drink Bailey's from a shoe
5	Lee's is a very awesome, interesting, and educational place. It's really a lot more than just a place that sells beer and stuff, as they have such a great variety of different kinds of libations that you walk out knowing a lot more than you did walking in!On my last trip here, I needed to buy some beer and bottle of rum for a thing at my house. I walked out with different beers, rum, vodka, and mixers... all for a pretty good price, too! See, they have so much stuff that you can't just walk out with one thing! It's awesome!Plus, I've learned of different brands/types of alcohol through that store. I walk in thinking "I just need some Captain Morgan" and walk out with a bottle of Sailor Jerry, which is really good, too! It's to expand your horizons, you know. Also, they sell mixers. They sell Coke, margarita mix... all that stuff. It's easy, quick, and has a great selection for a low price! Lees = Win!
5	Biggest liquor store I been to in my life! Great selection and found a specialize beer I wanted!
4	This is the best Lees. The Good: One of the most amazingly huge liquor stores you've ever seen. Regular vendors coming in to dish out samples at the bar and also high end liquour tastings with exposition for free. Also the employees aren't unpleasant.The Pseudo-Bad: This place has the best customer service of a Lees. This is kind of like having a really mild case of hepatitis or recieving a "light beating" from one of the local gangs.Also for whatever reason they have no qualms about giving you a flimsy plastic bag for 40 pounds of liquor bottles despite boxes stacked nearby.
3	Not really thrilled with Lee's as it compares to Khoury's or even Total Wine.  It's really hard to get someone to help you here.  Plus, once you do find someone, they just don't have the level of knowledge that the folks at Khoury's have.  Or even the Total Wine folks.  Still, it's a good place to pick up some booze.  They have a wide variety and some unique party items, plastic glassware, etc.,  that you can't find at the smaller liquor stores.  This location occasionally hosts cool events, such as liquor tastings in the parking lot.  Plus Roamin Dough recently took up residence in the parking lot.  Have your own party in the parking lot! :)
3	I prefer Khoury's and total wine; Lee's rings in third. The only reason i really like Lees is that they are the only place that can get in Drake's craft beer, which I have made trips to buy for my hubby.I was excited to find Crispin Saint cider too,, I love it.They have an annual tequila tasting, but I'm much more of a rum fan,so I don't go.If you've never been, Lees carries beer from around the world, wines, and hard liquors in all flavors from all places. If you've seen it or heard of it, its there.
2	OMG!!!  I can't believe it!  Again they ran out of heineken cold paks & 6-paks ... How the heck do you run out of heineken???!!!??Otherwise, lee's is great, just don't run outta heineken
1	Soooo sad!  How do you run out of Heineken 5 weeks in a row?  How do you do that when you're a liquor store?  Whomever does the ordering, pay attention!  The workers get the heat because not enough was ordered!  Guess we're gonna check out that Wine & more store!  So sad!
2	Lee's has always been the place to go over the years but in the last 6 to 8 months we have watched a decline in the amount of staff, customer service and the biggest thing product!  On several occasions we have stopped by to find the one thing we want out of stock.  Not a coincidence because we would try another one of thier stores and same thing.  Last night we discovered Total Wine off of Rampart because they didnt have what we need.  What a great place!  The place was packed and prices were alot lower than Lee's.  Perhaps this is the reason for the dissappointments at Lee's.  Ken needs to step up his game or he's gonna be closing some stores. :(
4	Seems silly to say that I have a favorite Lees, but this is my favorite so far out of the 5 I have visited so far.  It seems to be larger, cleaner, and the staff was very friendly and polite.  I do enjoy Total Wine, and when it comes to beer, I would most likely go there first.  However, when it comes to liquor, Lees I am yours!  Quite often they will have tasting events for beer, liquor and wine and generally the turnout is good and the tastings are fun.  If you have not checked out yet, do so- and make this one your first visit!
2	Beer is cold and lot's of wine/booze, but it is a dive and only some of the staff is helpful.  I go here cause I need some beer and it is close, not because I want to go in.  Discount is the key word, but without the really low prices.
5	I love this Lee's location.  They have a nice selection, good prices, and a nice/helpful staff.  But the one thing that puts this location over the top is their seated tasting events.  They have a private tasting room located next door to the right, and every so often the host an innovative variety of tasting sessions.  Sometimes they will host visits from wineries, craft breweries, and even cocktail mixology sessions.  All you have to do is get on their email list and RSVP for any event that you would like to attend.  I don't get to these events as often as I would like, but when I do it's well worth the time investment.  Normally they are on Thursday evenings, beginning around 6pm.
4	Lee's is a great place to buy wine/liquor/beer for good prices!  It may not be the cheapest in town, but almost always cheaper than the grocery stores and other small spots around the city.This particular store has a great selection, but when they didn't have a specific Cognac I was looking for, they said they would order it and hold onto it for me!Sure enough, I get a phone call saying my order was in, and they held it for a few days till I could arrive.  Great customer service!I've also used the reward points often...for champagne flutes, shakers, etc.  They have lots of cool stuff they offer inside their loyalty emails, so keep an eye out for them!
5	If you need anything, and boy do I mean anything alcohol based... This is the place to find it.
3	This place is alright. I would've thought they'd get on the ball as far and lowering prices and upping selection ever since a BIG BAD RIVAL moved into Summerlin. I guess Mr. Lee isn't afraid of anything other than classy advertising (don't tell me you haven't seen those billboards; "I'd tap that... keg"). But they did expand their hours and do carry a good selection of booze. The prices are good. It's just not AS good as Total Wine. Sorry, I had to say it. I know that I'm supposed to Think Global and Drink Local, or whatever, and I do like to frequent the mom-n-pop shops that are still in business. And I know that Lee's is as local and native as it gets around here. But that is no excuse not to be competitive. I know they can do something about it.Without the availability of Total Wine right down the road I would've raved about Lee's. and maybe I should. I've been shopping here since I was FIFTEEN! And I am loyal, and shop here over Total Wine most of the time. But I still think they are starting to get pricey and complacent. A terrible combination. It'l like beer before liquor...
1	Today, two clerks at the Eastern store insisted that "Extra Dry" champagne was drier than "Brut."   WRONG!!!
4	This is my go to regular liquor store location. They are always really helpful and friendly!I have done special orders quite a few times and they are really great! They call to let me know they placed the order and call me when it arrives. It never takes more than 4 to 5 days, and my order is waiting for me when I walk in!!Thanks guys!!Love that Noble Vines 337 Cabernet!!
1	I have been repeatedly disappointed with this location. I have sent emails requesting stock status of certain wines-with no response. I have stopped by looking for wine referred by local columnist and they do not have it- or was told to check back the following week. Staff not interested. Cashier cannot leave register to assist. Never have I been asked if I need assistance.
4	This isn't the closest Lee's to me, but I like it much better than the one on Rancho. Plus this is a nicer area. Workers are always nice and always ask if I need help even if I didn't ask for help. Plus huge selection and great prices. Bacardi is $1 less than at Winco, so it's like if you buy 18 bottles you get one free.
