4	It's been over three months since I last washed my car and I wasn't really sure if there was still the original colored paint under the layer of dust and crud that's accumulated. To my defense, I only drive about once a week, so car maintenance isn't a high priority. The Arizona Car Wash Company (formerly Weiss Guys) did a great job of getting my car back to looking like a road-legal vehicle.Although I thought the price was high ($11.99) they did take $2 off and offered a punch-card--after 7 car washes the next wash is free. Also, on the back of the Fry's receipts there's a deal for a $6.99 wash that I'll use on my next trip.And, in case you were wondering, my car is grey under all the dust. Amazing.
4	I got a call from manager from Arizona Car Washing Company regarding my experience today.He assured me to refund the amount or do a service again with which I have good feeling.I am happy with the prompt call back and assurance of service. Regards,
5	I like this car wash. The price is about as average as car washes go. The thing i really like is that they are not always trying to up sell you.   That can really get annoying at some other car washes.                       They do a very good job and are fairly quick, most of the time. You can wait inside or outside. Though it is a bit noisy  outside because,it is on 19th ave and Missouri. There is a television inside to watch and plenty of mags, and air conditioning. So you are set.  I really like the punch card and they give you a discount for many different things. It is a good value.
5	I had a great experience at the Arizona Car Wash Co. The people were very friendly and the guy asking to fix my chipped windshield wasn't pushy. The prices were right on par with the competition if not a dollar or so cheaper. I was really impressed with the time they spent making sure my car was thoroughly clean. It took a bit longer than some of the other car washes I've been to, but I've never seen our CRV's interior looking so clean. The only downside is the place is a little run down looking inside and out, but the service more than made up for it.
4	I do like this Car Wash . They do do a good job!                              However,on this last time that i was here it was a bit odd.                             I was the only one there because,it was supposed to rain that night.     But, i did not mind because, my car needed to be washed.                    They have good deals on the washes and a punch card which is always a plus. They vacumed my car for a very long time but when i got the car back the rugs in the back seat were still dirty. Then the guy drove through the carwash in my car to the other side. I have never had anyone do that before.    Maybe they were just all very bored. I found it strange!!  Other than that, it is a good place and very resonable priced.
4	Although it make look like a run down car wash, this place is pretty good.  The people are nice and friendly and they do an amazing job washing your car!    The pricing is average, unless you get a package.
1	I paid $110 for a detail and unfortunately didn't check my car thoroughly and have already left to go home which is outside of Phoenix. Otherwise I'd take my car back. Paying this amount of money I expect that no detail would be overlooked, but the entire back window area of my car is still dirty as are many of the corners of my interior. They obviously did a quick wipe down of my interior which is unacceptable for what was supposed to be auto detailing. This looks like a regular wash job. Maybe this place is good for a quick wash, but DO NOT pay them for detailing!
4	Every so often, especially in the heat, you just need to treat yourself and your car to a full service car wash.  I've been here a few times before in the past, and I like coming here for a variety of reasons. For starters, even though it's not fancy looking on the outside, but they are a full service car wash offering a variety of different services.  I like that I normally don't get the high pressure salesman that I used to get at other full service companies, and I really appreciate that about this place. That doesn't mean that I don't get offered a wax, or a shampoo upgrade from time to time, but none of the high pressure tactics is what I like.You can get a punch card for some free stuff if you get like 10 or 12 washes, but I don't come often enough (like 3-4 times a year?) to punch anything. It would take me forever!!  They have a lobby here with some massage chairs for a $1, a decent amount of seating inside with some car stuff for sale like air fresheners, drinks, etc.  They also have benches outside for you to sit on and wait while they dry your car off.Overall, I enjoyed it here, and the wait for your car usually isn't to bad.
1	What a disappointment. I went here because of all the great reviews but maybe I went on the wrong day. The greeter was kind, no up-sell, cashier was kind as well. Problem is I came here to get my car washed as well. Windshield left full of bugs, rear seats not vacuumed, rear windows had smudges and cup holders left full of crumbs. Really?! No attention to detail or pride in the job they do.
5	Excellent service very courteous very professional and very honest people I really enjoyed the car wash I work at the nearby hospital they followed my lost wallet with tons of money did returned it and did not want any reward
