5	Not a fan of the stores.Phone customer service for Verizon?Stellar,going into one of the stores,not so much.Finally upgrading my technology had me calling customer service for device info and comparison.They put me on with a tech person who was great.Laura.She spent a good deal of time imparting info and even going so far as to let me know what devices come back with issues.I thank her and armed with the info I can actually venture into a store and say,"Gimmie one of these,and one of those"and get the hell out of dodge...Enter my poor salesperson Jason.Jason,my apologies you got stuck with me.Poor man had to just about teach me how to read.Damn phone does everything but the dishes.Hell if I have clue one on how to use it.The woman working at the computer next to Jason's station makes a remark that he's "not going to be done"with my transaction "in time"...I guess maybe for his lunch,break or maybe even going home for the day.She kept trying to get him to hand me off to her.He declined and kept working with me.That's another thing.You can't just go buy a phone.The process takes almost as long as buying a car!I get it though...Program this,get my contacts from here to there...Log everything into my account and reciepts long enough to reach the moon.Not only did Jason not pass me off to snarkgirl(for which I am completely thankful)he spent another felt like 45 minutes teaching me the basics of the phone.He taught me some extra stuff that was nifty and even told me about free classes Verizon offers to learn more about the phones!Jason,whatever you were late for,I am grateful for you taking so much time and for your patience with me.I will be contacting Verizon corporate as well in the hopes that exemplary staff members get recognition.
1	Rude!! Lady who ( did not help us at all) came to me totally rude and she asked me loud enough for everyone to hear Do you know that the phone you ordered is 5 years old? I wanted to smack her and say no shit! Its for a kid you think I want to spend 200 for the new iPhone? Then assumed I wasn't able to afford a 50 dollar case to protect my "investment"... Walked away and informed a young girl to help me which she didn't walked right behind her... The man that was there didn't help either.. Worst service ever!!!!
5	Had a problem with my phone. Took 30+ minutes to resolve.. They don't let you leave till it's fixed
