4	name changed to "Nate's Place"how do i explain this joint?it's been around for quite some time, and since moving nearby, jsut recently began coming up in the radar of nearby dive bars.pros: i can ride my bike here. the new owner is cool. they do poker tournaments. they do karaoke. for a dive they have nice beers on tap, like harp, guiness, ace pear and kiltlifter. they have food (never tried it, though). cons: standard stuff that goes along with a dive bar, but that's kind of what makes it fun to go there. my favorite old bar fly is Einstein (so nicknamed by my former roommate for his wild, white hair); he speaks in these sort of half sentences all the time - you get either the first part or the tail end of any thought that happens into his head. he favors the ladies (shocking, i know), and although seems out of it, is surprisingly lucid at 1 a.m. for example, he was going on about a sort of conspiracy theory, and to placate him and being my usual sarcastic self, i commented "ah, i see, it's all coming together now." at which point, whithout missing a beat, he responded, "i don't care if it all falls apart." and launched right back into his half-sentence tale of the collusion de jour. well played, einstien. anyway, back to cons: it is waaaay too bright inside here for a bar of that caliber. and, the karaoke patrons tend to be the ones trying to take their serious shot at american idol - i heard more sappy pap country love songs and creed than i can handle. i guess i'm used to more upbeat or fun karaoke, not  this, "i'm seriously belting a love song in a dive bar at midnight on the weekend" variety.it's got outside seating area with tables, but the view is terrible - kyrene road right at baseline in a kind-of strip mall. more cons:  they only have a beer and wine license... that means no shots... or no shots made with any liquor that has over 12 percent alcohol content or something. weird, right? the last three times i visited Nate's Place I left either immediately after or before finishing my first beer, and the last straw was a Thursday night when I took my beer on the patio to escape the way-too-loud  creed karaoke to find a very strange group of crack heads. I blatantly studied the dynamic of the group - they were loud and seemingly begging for and def enjoying the attention - and came to the conclusion that the mid to late 20's gentlemen fancied hisself a pimp; I swear to god he even rocked a cane. He dressed white trash meth-ghetto and had what appeared to be a strung out prostitute in tow. I haven't been back since.
2	Ahh Nate's Place. What an original name for an Irish pub. I mean really! AND a Boston Bar, no less. You can wear  your ratty ass red B hat. Most fans are proud of their teams and wear clean stuff, not Boston fans, got one with dogshit? Sure, it's funny when you go into the bathroom and there's Yankee's cards in the urinals to piss on, but who cares. I wanted to like this bar, especially because Nate is a young guy, bought a bar and wants to make a go at it. I like to support small business. But, the food is terrible(wings are bearable), the bar never gets wiped(personal pet peeve as a bartender) and they don't seem to care if they serve you or not, as Nate and his wife are too self absorbent to pay attention. I guess the last straw was when after going there for a few months I finally introduced myself to be a little more like a regular that i was . Nate mocked me to the bar "Look Amish is Here, everybody" Total Sarcasm. It's funny that Boston fans are so full of hate, but whatever. They won the first World Series and won one lately, so, you'd think they'd be happier. It's a little expensive for a dive bar too. There's too many other bars within a block to waste time there.
4	Well, being an 11-year Yankee fan, I have to dock a star for the Red Sox theme, haha!...but otherwise? I love this place!First off, they're directly across the street from my new place, and I just turned 21 :p...and the location is ideal for my status as a non-driver haha...Another plus--cheap, DELICIOUS, *different* bar grub: deep fried ballpark pretzels with nacho cheese--sizzling hot with real salt; wings(10 for $4 during Happy Hour!) in 6-7 different flavors--we got medium wings, and they tasted like they'd been cooked in a clay oven, sooo smoky and mouth-wateringly juicy, too!; they have 5-6 different salads, 10-12 different burgers(including one with crunchy peanut butter!), and 8-9 different appetizers(like a corn dog with tater tots!)...anyway, I digress...on to the most important reason this bar rocks--ALL MY FAVORITE BEERS ON TAP(except for Red Stripe--that's bottled)...they've got: Killian's Irish Red, Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat, Sam Adams Summer Ale, Newcastle Brown Ale, AND J.W Dundee's Honey Brown(my #1)...also, the bartenders have been super friendly, except for kind of a dirty look when I accidently spilled beer on one guy's newspaper crossword(in my defense, it was piled up with a bunch of other newspapers on a table, and I grabbed the section to read the funnies--didn't think anyone was using it still)...so. Nate's owns.
3	I like this place but only because I am a huge Sox fan.Food is ok, and it is great to watch a game as people really get riled up.Their is a cook who gets drunk and wants to come out and fight people in this place sometimes.  If this was in a bad area it could be a bad dive bar to avoid.  But if you are a Sox or Boston fan I think you need to go!
