5	Omg! I wish I knew about this place years ago!!! I've had a total of 6 knee surgeries (for many different reasons) and the staff here was impeccable! So caring and concerned with patient recovery- I DID NOT feel like a number.AND, I had previously been scheduled at a hospital for this, and due to scheduling issues, was bumped to this facility. I'm glad I was- was SIGNIFICANTLY less expensive than the quoted estimate from the hospital and I know the care was 10x better! Hopefully, you never need surgery, but if you have a choice, go to oasis... Best patient care I've seen!!
4	I went to Oasis for my ACL replacement surgery.In general all seemed to go well on the surgery. The procedure was done and I have not had any complications as of yet (~23 days out from surgery). So I can only assume that the staff is coherent and clean (sorry, I was knocked out so I can't judge).The only thing I can knock them for is scheduling. I was originally scheduled for a 2pm surgery. Then the day before thy called to confirm and said it was scheduled for 4pm (didn't even mention that it was moved, just confirmed a different time). Then at 11am on surgery day they called and asked if I wanted to come in early (which I didn't since I was not allowed to drive myself in and had made plans for someone to get me). Then I get there for my 4pm surgery and I am not taken back for my surgery at 6pm.My point is that you can't change times on the fly. With a surgery such as mine you have to arrange for someone to drive you there. If you and your driver are waiting at home, fine. But if you are asking people to take off work or drive over to pick you up this is not efficient at all. Then if they are driving you home, and you have surgery 4 hours after the original time then this could potentially mess up your schedule for getting home, etc.This is all aggravating and luckily I had someone pick me up that was flexible with their time and had someone to pick me up that was flexible with their time.TIME MANAGEMENT: 2STAFF: 5OPERATION: 5CLEANLINESS: 5
5	I had a total knee replacement here yesterday and a potentially nerve-wracking experience has been completely positive.  The staff is friendly, dedicated, and highly professional.  I was greeted with a smile upon arrival.  Questions are invited and answered in understandable terms. Pain management is proactive and effective.  The building is beautiful, the food is excellent, and the infection rate is very low.  I would heartily recommend this facility to anyone requiring orthopedic care.
