3	Who loves crepes? I do, I do! And these were yummy too, good job :)
5	Love crepes ! They r the best in pittsburgh ! Wanna try real French crepes that's where you can get it!
5	The best crepes, if you didnt try it yet go ahead and try it guys. You wont be disappointed. Its always good to try something new :)
2	I visited this food truck when it was at the South Side Works Fall Food Festival on Sat.  I wanted to hit both this truck and the PGH Pie Guy, but at the time that I arrived (5:45pm), the pie guy was packing up.  Because this was the only other truck at the event I was interested in trying, I ordered a chicken ranch spinach crepe and a strawberry nutella crepe so that I could try both a savory and a sweet variety.Based on the other reviews for this food truck, I was expecting the flavor of these crepes to be great.  Unfortunately, however, this was not the case.  The chicken ranch crepe was bland tasting, even despite the ranch sauce.  The strawberry crepe had a better flavor profile, but it still wasn't super-exciting.  It consisted only of chopped strawberries and nutella, with none of the powdered sugar or whipped cream mentioned in other reviews, so I can't help but wonder if I was shortchanged.One other issue was the lack of napkins and utensils.  Given the messiness of both types of crepes, I expected these to be available, but I wasn't able to find any.  While I am not averse to eating the crepes by hand, doing so made for messy eating, and I wasn't able to clean up afterwards due to the lack of napkins.  While I'm not a huge napkin user, I was left with a messy mouth and hands after eating the crepes that I had no way of cleaning up, which further detracted from my experience.While I hate to leave a negative rating, I feel that I have to in this case, given the various shortcomings and lack of redeeming factors.  If napkins and/or utensils had been provided, I'd probably be willing to award 3 stars, but at present, I'm awarding 2.5 stars.  If you like or want to try crepes, there's a place on Craig St. in N. Oakland I'd recommend leaps and bounds over this food truck.
