5	After a very long search, and jumping from salon to salon, I have FINALLY found my new spot on the west side!  I've had a long affair with Panache Salon in Phoenix, and I've been pretty serious about finding my next new place.  Thanks to Steven, I am finally there!!!Now, let me tell you, Steven has a gift.  During my consult, I explained to him what some of the things I liked and didn't like about getting my hair done.  One thing in particular was that I didn't like the "just out of the salon bright blonde look".  I didn't expect that he would be able to get me out of the salon with amazing looking hair, that didn't look like it just got done.  Props to you for that.  These folks offer more services out side of hair, including nails, massage and facials.Highly recommended by me!!
1	I used a Living Social coupon for $49 that included full color, or partial highlight, style and cut.  On paper it seemed like a deal, but nothing was done to my liking.  The stylist MINDI chopped my nice bob so bad, that it didn't look like a bob anymore when I left.  My hair now looks very choppy and uneven.  She totally mishaped the bob.  Unfortunately there is nothing I can do but to let it grow out.  And I wouldn't dare let her try to "fix" it, when she apparently does not know how to cut swingbobs.  I also paid even more money to have a lowlight put in my hair, along with highlight.  I wanted platinum highlights and ended up with an overall lemon yellow color.  It was so bad, that she suggested adding a toner.It's not a deal, when you have to pay even more to try and get something fixed somewhere else, because she has no idea what she is doing.  Save yourself some grief, and stay away from this place.
5	I got a groupon deal for a haircut at this salon and it does not disappoint! I was scared because it's a discount haircut but my stylist took really good care of me and actually spent an hour and 15 mins on my haircut. She was very precise and gave me exactly what I wanted. Love this salon.
5	Went to Bloom today for a haircut with Lynda. First let me say the salon has a great vibe very relaxing. It is great looking and very clean. My haircut was beautiful and Lynda listened and gave me what I asked for. The best haircut I have had in a very long time. Go to Lynda you will not be disappointed.
1	one star because I can't give none,  Got a groupon, to try them out. It has been two weeks without luck for scheduling an appointment, since no one ever answers the phone.  Booked the appointment online, because no one answered, and the stylist called to see if I was a groupon appointment, she could not take me at the time I scheduled  if I was a groupon appointment !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Did not have another spot for another week. Seriously, that is how you  get new clients, with snob and rude customer service???? I would not go here even if it was free. Customer service is non existent, this is on a strip mall on the west valley, by the road, next to a cheap sushi place, this is not an upscale place, so I don't understand the attitude at all!!!!!!!
4	Like the other person previously, I also purchased a Groupon for Bloom. However, unlike them, I did not experience the same issues. I did first try calling on a Monday but the voicemail. When finding out their hours, I learned that they are closed on Mondays and Sundays so that is why. I was able to leave a voice message but decided to call again another day. I called the next day and spoke to Steven. He was friendly and helpful. I scheduled my appointment that coming Saturday. The salon does allow scheduling online but both the groupon and the website clearly state that this option is not available for those with groupons. The Groupon also stated that specific stylists were not available for the groupon, which makes sense (and makes sense why it would be best to call in for the appointment as they can make sure that error does not occur).I arrived at the salon and was greeted by a smiling female who immediately assisted and told me an estimated wait. I was called back within 10 minutes, which was before my actual start time (I liked this because I hate waiting around and I very much value time). My stylist, who was Steven, was very friendly, listened, and did a good job on my hair style (spent about 45 minutes with me). The salon has a comforting atmosphere and layout. They offer several services too - hair, nails, and even spray tanning.
5	I Love Bloom Salon and would be a hot mess if it weren't for the skilled hands of Andrea P. She is amazing beyond compare! I've been going to Andrea for nearly 9 years and now my 6 year old is having her hair cut by Andrea too. She does a fabulous job and is so incredibly patient - especially the first time my daughter had her hair styled at a salon rather than a kids place. She felt so grown up! Any time that I sit in Andrea's chair I'm confident I'll walk out feeling nothing less than spectacular when she's finished. She is such an artist - I'm able to give her direction or give her free reign and my hair always turns out awesome! Regularly I tell her "Do whatever you think will look good just not super short." and I've never been disappointed.The staff have always been friendly and I love their online appointment scheduling option. I usually scheduled a few appointments at a time. However, I have called to make appointments in the past (as well as be placed on the "waiting list") and the ladies at the desk are great.
4	Great staff, love the online scheduling. I've followed Amber from another salon and she is such a professional. A genius with color. Very warm and friendly atmosphere.
5	I LOVE Bloom Salon... all of their stylist are very qualified and provide excellent hair care...I prefer to book my appointments with Andrea, but if she is not available I am not afraid to book with anyone else.  Not only does this salon provide hair care, but they also offer skin, nails and massage therapy!!  What a great place with a relaxing atmosphere...I HIGHLY recommend this place.
5	amazing! I have difficult hair, and I have gone into the salon and worked with three different stylists (my schedule is crazy so I have to go when I can). EACH stylist was simply brilliant! Affordable, fast, and amazing! LOVE LOVE LOVE!!!
5	Scott has been cutting and styling my hair for over 5 years before bloom and even now. Very professional in this salon, and every hair stylist in the salon is truly and artist.
5	Amazing! I've had two haircuts with Samantha. She's extremely talented and professional. She gave me exactly the cut I wanted and then some. The prices are reasonable for the service and atmosphere of a high end salon. The receptionist is friendly and accommodating. I had to cancel a color appointment and she was very understanding. Highly recommend!!
5	Ashley is incredible.  She is a young upcoming stylist who knows HAIR.  You would think she had been doing hair for years and years!  Trust your hair to her, you will be pleased, and if you are not, she will make sure you are before you leave!  NICE NICE clean salon as well.
5	Got a groupon for my daughter for full color and cut.We saw Lauren, she was very friendly & did a great job. My daughters hair looks absolutely beautiful. Would definitely recommend.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. It's a relaxing atmosphere that doesn't feel snobby. You can make appointments online, and the receptionist is professional. But, Ashley is the reason I come here! She is awesome! After years of trying to find the right red for my hair, she found it! She's so sweet and easy to work with. The pricing is similar to most salons in the area. Give this place a try, try to get an appointment with Ashley!
5	I went to the salon for a updo for my graduation and Ashley Gramer was my stylist and she was Awesome!  Very friends and professional I am for sure going black to see her again for any of my hair needs. The salon was clean, we'll put to get together, the front desk girl was nice and friendly I would recommend this salon to any one very happy
4	Gorgeous place, definitely feels comfortable. Lynda is GREAT. I've been going to her for a few years now and every time I do, I'm impressed. She's willing to let clients go home and decide if anything needs to be different and is not upset if you go back to have it fixed! Super sweet and LISTENS to what you want. My high school-aged brother is even willing to let her touch his precious hair. :)-Sometimes running late, but otherwise 5 stars!
5	I finally found a salon I'm willing to return to! I used a groupon last week to try this place out. They scheduled me with Kaila and she did a fantastic job! Everyone there seemed really friendly and laid back. I didn't get that snobbish vibe off of anyone that you sometimes get in salons. The waiting area was comfortable and they had coffee and water available. Everything was clean, decorations were simple and made for a relaxing experience. One thing I did notice was the clean fresh smell. I guess they use natural products so I didn't get that chemical inhaling headache (if you know what I mean) that you get at a typical salon.
5	I had a grupon deal for color and cut and stylist Lauren did an amazing job 36 likes on my Facebook page after posting picture I just love my new do will be back for sure.
5	Kayla at Bloom Salon is amazing. I went from long to medium length hair with highlights. I have had so many compliments. Best haircut I have had. The salon itself is nicely decorated and has a relaxed feel.
5	I found Bloom Salon through Groupon, got an awesome deal, $17.99 for hair cut and style. I made an appointment and they got me in the next day. Lauren was my stylist and she did an EXCELLENT job! The service included a scalp massage and she used Moroccan Oil products on my hair. The staff was friendly, made me feel welcome, and the salon was beautiful. My hair cut turned out exactly how I imagined it to be and feels so light & soft. I am so happy I found a hair stylist I really like near my house.
1	Gorgeous place, definitely feels comfortable. Everyone was walking out with wonderful hair, except for me. Kayla didn't listen to me. I told her how I wanted my hair. My hair looked like it did when I entered. Kayla was a nice girl, she just needs practice cutting and styling thick hair. She complained more than once my hair was tooo thick. Hello that's a good thing. I had a Groupon and I thought I found my new salon. WRONG!!!
