5	I had Jason Schumacher (owner) come in and give my kitchen an update. I made initial contact and he arranged to come by the house on my schedule for him to assess the remodel we had in mind. Very professional and insightful. He even saved me money by telling me he didn't think I needed to redo my cabinets which would've been more in his pocket at the end of the day. We did granite countertops and island as well as a full backsplash in granite. He needed to fabricate one of the cabinets to attach a microwave I didn't have there previously. He was done in a day and it was the most seamless project I have ever witnessed. I will be recommending him to anyone who is looking for a remodel. I can't wait for him to come back and do my next project. You just get the strong feeling he is just trying to run a business built on honesty and the idea that helping the client will get him more business in the end and it's working because I've already referred a few friends to them.
5	I had a really wonderful experience with BBG for my kitchen remodel.   They were very attentive and willing to answer any questions I had.  I'd requested bids from a few other places and I felt like I was being pushed into the same cookie cutter design choices for nearly twice the cost.  Jason understood my ideas and helped me find ways to acheive the look I wanted that fit within my budget.  This kind of personalized professionalism is rare these days and I am so happy I found Built By Grace.   When they were in my home they were respectful, clean and trustworthy.  They arrived on time and the project was completed on schedule.  Don't know how else to say it, but I was more than impressed through and through.Needless to say, when I am ready to tackle my master bathroom I will definitely be calling them again.
5	Working with Built by Grace was a wonderful experience. They recently re-roofed for us and patched a water-damaged wall inside the house. After a big storm, we were panicked homeowners having a hard time getting a contractor to call us back-- BBG promptly returned our call and remained attentive and easy-to-reach through the entire process. Their attitude was friendly and the work was quality. Not once did they make us feel unimportant because we were a relatively small project. I have nothing negative to say about any part of our experience. They will certainly have our business in the future and I would recommend them to anyone.
2	I wish I had more to say about BBG but apparently they are doing so well they do not need new customers. I had seen their truck around town and found their card in a local paint store. Called or emailed them several months ago for the first time and got no response. Someone handed me their card again several months later and I called again and left a message - this time they called back and scheduled an appointment and Jason came out - on time - to discuss the work I wanted. I THOUGHT that was a good sign, but apparently not, He said he would be back in touch in a few days, that was over one week ago. I am not in a rush to have the work done, but it would be nice to know if they are ever going to come back to me (guessing not). All it takes is a simple phone call or email to say "hey, we are swamped right now, are you in a rush? We have not forgotten about you and will get back to you." Instead, complete silence. I like to support local companies but I guess this one is doing so well, they do not need my business.
4	Have yet to work with them but are timely and friendly from their emails.
5	I was looking at adding a room to my home in Mesa.  Everywhere I went they were charging way too much.  I found Built by Grace by accident.  They were actually the sixth place I tried.  I am glad I did.  They were 100% accurate on the estimated time to add the room, and they even finished a little earlier than the time frame that they gave me.Their prices were fair, and I would definitely hire them again.  My new home office looks wonderful and I am glad I went with them.
