5	Jennifer was absolutely perfect. She understood exactly what we were looking for with our wedding flowers and she surpassed everything we could have hoped for. People are still talking about our flower arrangements. She couldn't have been easier to work with and her pricing was extremely competitive. I couldn't recommend her more highly!
5	I cant even remember how I stumbled across Jennifer's website but Im glad I did.  I went to Jennifer after I already received one outrageous quote from another florist.  I told Jennifer what I needed and she gave me a quote for half the amount.  Sold.  Later I also added items because I decided I was tired of my budget constraints.  What did Jennifer do?  I believe she lowered some of the prices she already quoted me so I wouldnt have to pay her that much more. What a goddess. I loved our center pieces and the arrangements she did for our ceremony.  My bouquet was a little different than what I had envisioned but it was still beautiful.  The bouquets for my "informal" bridesmaids were so adorable and received a lot of compliments.  Couldnt have picked a better fit.
5	Jennifer is an artist when it comes to flowers. I was the bride who knew NOTHING about flowers. I had a vision in my head that was pretty much described by "loose" and "organic". In my second meeting with Jennifer I walked in with flowers that I didn't know the names of and probably pointed to 10 completely different styles and said "I want that, and that, but not that."Jennifer was able to pull my vision described by words like "pretty" and "curly things" and "organic" out of my head and into beautiful floral arrangements.What most impressed me about Jennifer was she took all aspects of my weddings into consideration when planning my floral design. All of the colors popped beautifully with the setting, and while eclectic, flowed together perfectly.If you hire Jennifer you are not hiring a florist, you are hiring a floral artist.
5	Jennifer of Lush Floral is a complete God-send. She is amazingly talented. The flowers she did for our wedding were SPECTACULAR. During our first meeting, I showed her pictures of floral arrangements I liked. She took those ideas and made them into some of the most beautiful arrangements I have ever seen. She was one of my most favorite people to work with. She was very prompt in returning my emails/phone calls. On the day of the wedding, she came by and said "hi" and to see how things were going. That really impressed the socks off me. She was really a great vendor. Highly, highly, highly recommended!
3	The flowers for my wedding were gorgeous..... The communication was very poor. It took days to receive calls/emails in return. Jennifer always had one excuse or another for not getting back to me. My wedding day again she was "sick" so she sent an assistant to set-up for my wedding.... apparently she can't even communicate with her own staff! In my contract I asked for an aisle of rose petals.... instead I received borders of petals! She tried to say I still received all the petals she charged me for ($300) but ended up refunding me 50% of my money. Her work is gorgeous.... but her communication is very poor!
5	I worked with Jen on a professional level prior to hiring her to do the flowers for my own wedding. Of course it was the work that she did for my clients that impressed me so much to hire her. Her attention to detail, her knowledge and over beautiful personality is why Jenn is one of the best in the industry. I was in love with the work Jenn did for my wedding. Seeing my vision transformed was amazing. As an event coordinator Jenn was the only person on my day that I did not micro-manage! And when I arrived at the site, it was everything I dreamed of! Jenn is the best!
5	From matching my palette to the freshness of the flowers and potted plants, I could not have asked for anything better than what Jennifer gave. My ceremony was outdoor, on a grassy knoll amidst a garden with no landmarks of any sort to guide her when decorating, she did not blink an eye when creating beautiful aisle markers, a floral and ivy arch, and draping candle lit tables. The bouquets were soft and impeccably put together, exactly what I wished for.Forget something? No problem... in my haste, I forgot to pack the glass cake stands for which Jennifer and I had designed decorations for Oh no, this could have easily been one of those bad wedding cake stories, right? Wrong! I had absolutely no need to worry because she was able to pull off floral decorations that made my mishap look as if it was meant to be. She is truly an artist in her field, professional, timely, delivers exactly (if not better) the goods and services she says she will on budget and just a pleasant person to deal with on all levels. I would not hesitate to recommend her services to anyone, and have already happily referred several people to her.Wedding Location: Santa Cruz, CAWedding Date: 7/15/2000
5	My wedding was almost 5 years ago and I stil remember how beautiful the flowers were.  I gave Jennifer just the vaguest idea of what I wanted, some colors and flowers I liked and she managed to give me bouquets and arrangements that were more beautiful than I could have imagined.  The arrangements were simple, fresh, and modern.  The bouquets were romantic and, well, lush.  She truly made my wedding more beautiful and memorable with the flowers she and her team provided.
5	My wedding flowers by Jennifer French were so incredibly gorgeous that I want to think up another reason to hire her. Milestone birthday?Graduation (even though my kids are still preschool age)? Parents' wedding anniversary? I'll come up with something...I had a July wedding and knew I wanted a well, lush and elegant bouquet of deep red. That was pretty much all I knew. Jennifer, however, knew to add stephanotis and chocolate cosmos and a bunch of other botanicals I'm still ignorant of to create a perfectly shaped, balanced, and blooming work of art in my hands.The church roses were stunning. And when I asked for a last minute addition-- a head wreath of giant white roses and (erm- something else large, white, fragrant)-- she knew exactly what to create, how to create it and make it last throughout the reception and all the dancing I did. She was totally professional and flexible about adding this in.I have to add that I did not have an unlimited budget. Jennifer still worked with me to figure out how to maximize the money I had to the best effect. I am REALLY glad I went with her for my key flowers. Do not miss your chance to work with her. Jennifer is more than an florist. She's an artist. Her work shows it.
5	Jennifer and her staff are totally professional, dependable and truly care about their clients.  She made sure every floral detail of my wedding was perfect and gorgeous.  Jennifer's knowledge about color, design, plants and weddings is invaluable.  When I walked down the aisle with my breathtaking bouquet towards the petal-strewn grass and intricately woven altar, it was like a fantasy.  My photos illustrate.
5	Jennifer was an absolute artist with her floral design for my wedding. I left most of the designing up to her and I was blown away with what she came up with. Every time I talk with anyone about my wedding the first thing they comment on was how beautiful my flowers were. I am so glad that I was able to hand over the flowers to someone as creative, imaginative and dependable. Her floral design was more incredible than anything I could have asked for. She went to the flower market and bought the perfect flowers for my wedding. She paired together roses and other flowers with greenery and vases for matching centerpieces and bouquets. I was delighted and thrilled to have my flowers be so memorable. Her flowers made my wedding a gorgeous occasion.
