5	I have been a patient of this office for approximately 8 years and I am consistently impressed with the level of customer satisfaction and professionalism I receive during my annual visit. I see Dr. David Kaplan (not to be confused with the other Dr. Kaplan in the office, his wife) who never skips a beat to answer my questions and is extremely warm and personable. I never feel rushed by him or the office staff and appreciate the measures they take to ensure I am comfortable and that I understand the agenda for my visit, equipment used, and costs involved. Their dedication to improving the quality of lives truly shines through in the care they provide.The office is equipped with a full service optical store that boasts a hearty selection of frames. The frame stylists (I don't know their actual title) are friendly and knowledgeable in fit, style, inventory, treatments, and insurance coverage. Usually, I seek a unique frame that takes me some time to pick out. The stylists are not impatient and do not pressure you to make a selection, which I greatly appreciate. During my latest visit, I was unable to find a pair of sunglasses that I liked better than my current pair. The gal assisting me brought out a catalog and suggested a beautiful pair of sunglass frames that they did not have in stock, but could order. Unsure about how they might look on me, I inquired as to what happens if I don't like them. She said they would simply become part of their in-store inventory and I could make another selection, no big deal. This isn't LensCrafters and I won't have my glasses in an hour, but I will happily wait a week because the customer service, expertise, and selection are that great.
5	I've been a patient of Dr. Lewis for a few years now, and I'm always very impressed with the staff's friendliness. The girls up front will often recognize me and call me by name, which I appreciate, and Dr. Lewis is a charmer.I haven't worn contact lenses in years because I always hate how they felt in my eyes(I always needed weighted Toric lenses for Astigmatism), but the doctor explained that lenses have come a long way in comfort in recent years and he suggested I try them on again; we're going through a series of trial lenses to find the perfect fit, and he never makes me feel rushed or pressured.
5	Great service, were ahead of schedule so I got in quicker today. Doctor was great, informative, willing to answer all of my questions. Great glasses folks, very helpful, knowledgeable, friendly. Jimmy was great and efficient.  Been coming here for years and years. Got the 2 year anti reflective warranty on regular glasses, and 1 year warranty on  sunglasses lenses. Great new store/office. Kudos for everyone here.
5	I am so impressed with everything about their practice.  My vision changed to the point have having to graduate from drug store cheaters to an actual prescription.  I first went with progressives and they took some time for me to get the prescription to meet my needs in the real world.  Family eye care was so patient with me, and even adjusted my prescription a couple of times to meet my needs at no charge  Then I decided I was going to give contacts a shot for the days I didn't want to wear glasses.  Dr. Frankle and her staff are awesome.  It took about 5 contact visits to tweak my prescription to the point that I can enjoy wearing contacts in my working enviornment.  I just can't believe how they nailed it.  Absolutely no discomfort wearing them, I strongly recommend Family eye care, and best of all I can see!!!Kathie
4	While the service was very good and friendly, the price quote for glasses was simply outrageous.  The exam price itself was a little higher than others, but not terribly so, and the service was excellent.  However the glasses were about 40% more than my previous optometrist who also provided great service.  I decided not to buy from them, but would consider using them for the exams in the future.If the glasses prices were reasonable, it would be a five-star place.
1	The absolute worst glasses I have ever had...the so called  Zeiss Experience is a joke.Two years ago I came here for a new pair of glasses and though the exam was reasonably priced, the cost of the frames was very expensive. I opted for the 2 year no scratch warranty and I am so glad that I did. Almost immediately the glasses started developing a noticeable film on the lenses and within two months or so scratches started to develop. During the 2 year warranty period I returned the glasses 7 or 8 times...so many times I've forgotten really.To this merchants credit, they took them back and gave me a new pair each time, no questions asked, but what a hassle! Don't know how you can stay in business like this...probably by charging $700 for glasses I could get elsewhere for $200. Good luck!
2	This is my 3rd appt here for my family. We were early to fill out our paperwork but still waiting an extremely long time. During visit #2, the appt was over 2 hours. I will say Dr. Kaplan appeared knowledgeable (though still slow). The office staff is rather rude & definitely does not welcome you or make you feel appreciated. This is shown through their unprofessional attitude/behavior & lack of customer service/slowness (overbooking) This is especially true for the front desk & appointment making process. I will be looking for a new place despite the close location.
5	Today was my first time at family eye care of Glendale, and I was very impressed. I was greeted by a friendly lady, filled out my paperwork, then taken back right away! Another lady did the beginning portion of my exam and was also friendly, and knowledgeable. The doctor came in and did the second portion of my exam. He was so nice, and actually had me close my eyes for a minute half way through to give my eyes a break! I've never had a doctor do that and it made a big difference. The fun part was picking out glasses! Which they have tons of!!!! There were so many styles and brands to choose from, I was looking for a particular pair which they didn't have, so the lady helping me sent out an order for them and told me when they were expected to come in. I was unsure of a pair that I tried on, I kind of liked them but I needed a second opinion. She told me no and explained why that particular pair wouldn't look good on me. It was a technical reason which showed that she knew what she was talking about and not just saying no those don't look good on you. I appreciated her honesty. There glasses were a tiny bit more expensive than my last doc, about $30 difference. Not the end of the world, and it was worth it because of their excellent service and selection. 5 Stars all around from me!
