5	The best OBGYN practice you will find in Phoenix. Dr. Hlavachek is caring, attentive, and a real person that connects with you as another woman, not just a patient.
5	Such a great office!  I actually serviced this practice as a client when I was in medical sales and I now go to them as a patient.  I have to say in both aspects, all of the providers and staff have been friendly and inviting.  I loved my previous gyn, but when my insurance changed this year I had to switch offices.  I selected AZ Womens because I know that they have providers who are progressive and up to date on the most current medical guidelines.  They make their patients their top priority.  As a patient, I was very impressed with my first visit.  I was going in for an annual- nothing crazy.  Each patient waiting room is equipped with a flat screen and remote where you can get some helpful insight and health information that is specific to your visit, age, ect.  The provider I was seeing was Dr. Julieanne Castilla-- when she came into the room, her first question to me was, " tell me about yourself."  She took several minutes to learn about my lifestyle, family, ect.  Most of the time providers are so focused on treating your ailment or getting down to brass tacks, the visit becomes very impersonal.  I felt the complete opposite here!My hubby and I do not have kids yet- but when the time comes, this office is the place to be!  They have everything onsite and the staff is so welcoming.  I will be recommending this office to all of my friends
5	This is one amazing office. I had an extremely high-risk pregnancy and eventually was treated by all of the doctors, in and out of the hospital, for my pregnancy. They were all superb, but my primary caregiver was Dr. Kwatra. She is a phenomenon in this profession. Her skills are amazing; her passion for women's healthcare and well-being knows no bounds. I believe she literally saved my life and that of my child.Now that I am past my reproductive years, I still am happy to call her my doctor and will continue to seek Dr. Kwatra's care. I cannot recommend this practice enough.
5	This place is UNREAL in a GREAT way!  The first appointment I had with Dr. Julie Castilla, she spent almost 45 minutes with, me just getting to know me.  That in and of itself, BLEW ME AWAY.  What doctor has the time or makes the time for that??  She does!!  The patient rooms are very comfortable and the staff makes you feel very comfortable in times that usually aren't.  All of my experiences here have been great.  You can ask as many questions as you want, and are not made to feel stupid or pressured to get you out of the office.  I had some complications today and they not only got me in, but also got me in for a second procedure so that I wouldn't have to come back.  The fact that they have a lab on site is very helpful.  I've never been to a facility where I was treated so well and felt so comfortable talking about my health issues.  I would HIGHLY recommend this practice, and Dr. Julie Ann Castilla to any and everyone!
5	Like the other ladies have said, this is the place to go for your lady visits!  I followed Dr. Hlavacek from her other practice to here and will follow her if she ever moves again.  She's professional, friendly, and I trust her.  It's an all female practice.  I've never waited long- they've actually called me before when they are running behind to tell me- have you ever been to a doctor's office that does that?!
5	This is definitely the best gynecologist office I have EVER been to.  I see Dr. Heathcott and I absolutely love her, but if need be I would not mind seeing any of their other doctors.  She is very thorough and I never feel like she is rushing.  The atmosphere is very inviting and relaxing.  The front desk staff is also friendly and helpful.  The rooms are very comfortable and also include a T.V. with a remote that can be used to select different programs such as pregnancy, birth control, etc. that you can watch and learn more about while waiting.  No one likes to go to the gyno, but knowing that I am coming here makes it SO MUCH BETTER.
5	This is the best!  I can't say enough about it- the staff and of course Dr. Heathcott.  Not only is she caring and listens to your every word, she takes her time and does not rush through your appointment.  My time is important to me and so is hers, but knowing that she cares is everything when it comes to my health.  Go here, you won't be disappointed.
2	Two different friends recommended this place to me. I must admit, in the 3 appointments I had there, I was impressed that all doctors, nurses and other employees were prompt, friendly and caring. Unfortunately, I must have been the patient that fell through the cracks. After my last appointment and several tests, I cannot for the life of me get anyone to call me back with the results. I have left 3 messages. At this point it's been two months and I am still experiencing the symptoms that prompted the tests, and yet I have no recommendation on what to do. They were prompt to bill me the portion of my bill that my insurance didn't cover. I hate to pay it and then have to go see ANOTHER doctor to get some answers.
3	I see Dr. Langer. I have been her patient for last 10 1/2 years, but I have never written upsetting review. Dr. Langer is an amazing doctor but her staff is not impressive. They are very disorganized.Cheryl Cook the office Manager is rude and cannot send people the correct information. I have never been treated so awful before at this clinic. I am very upset about it.I would say if you want wonderful doctors go there, but the office manager is not kind, and does not send confidential information correctly. She send me someone else's results. Very disappointed by this.
1	If your are in your 20's and not pregnant, this office could really care less about you. I went in here so many times, seeing multiple doctors to figure out an ongoing issue I was dealing with and EVERY TIME they told me the same things and sent me off for my condition to get worse. They were really no help, and on top of it they were not very nice in the slightest about the whole thing. They got really sick of me calling to update them on how I was not getting better, and would be very rude about the whole thing. I really liked this place at first, but once you become a "burden" to them they stop being nice at all. No one needs to have a place treat them like this EVER.In addition, the wait time for some of the doctors is out of control, especially if you are there with a problem going on. Waiting for the doctor for over an hour is absolutely absurd especially when they only spend a few minutes with you. I would highly suggest looking at other options before you decide to go here and have them ruin your day.
1	The doctors all treated me like a total whiner when I was pregnant and neglected to properly diagnose me with some severe and debilitating health conditions that developed during my pregnancy. Keep in mind all they care about is the baby and the mom's complaints just get brushed to the wayside. They spend about five minutes with you and no more. I could not be more disappointed and had a completely  miserable pregnancy AND delivery AND hospital stay thanks to their total and complete negligence and failure to properly diagnose or even recommend I see a specialist. I asked for someone to evaluate my problems when I was in the hospital and they said it was not possible for that to happen....wtf??? I was just told it is normal to feel awful when pregnant. Everyone feels awful just shut up and deal with it. Had someone taken the time to actually take my compaints seriously and order a few simple tests I could have been spared a year of complete misery and suffering.
4	Dr. Langer is the most amazing Dr ever. I've been seeing her for a couple if years. She delivered my first child & will my second also. I also love all if the other Drs. there. I'd trust any of them. Anytime I've had to call the on-call Dr they are beyond nice & helpful & always tell me to call them back if I need anything else. However, the office staff has gone downhill. At several appts I've waited over an hour to be seen. Once to see the ultrasound tech. I said something three times to the front desk staff. The ultrasound tech was finally called & did not apologize. Another time I had my sugar test so hadn't eaten. I had to see the nurse Ellie & again waited over an hour to see her. I was almost in tears bc I was starved & stressed & had missed my entire morning of work. I wish the front office would get better. I adore Dr Langer & her nurse Julie. If I didn't love the drs so much I'd leave but they are exceptional. Front office needs some work. A wait time of over an hour is completely unacceptable.
5	My experience here has been great. After a terrible experience with another practice, I am so grateful to have found this place. Dr Langer is an amazing OB and she delivered my son.
5	Absolutely the best. I have been a patient of Dr. Castilla for about 5 years now, and I adore her and the entire staff I have encountered at AZ women's care. I recently had a baby girl and my prenatal care couldn't have been better. I felt like Dr. Castilla and her staff went above and beyond to make sure we were well taken care of. Dr. Castilla ended up being the doctor to deliver my baby, and I can't thank her enough. Her support and encouragement made delivering a baby a wonderful experience. I always felt 100% comfortable in all of my visits, had all of my questions answered, and fears reassured. I first came to this office when I was having complications with epilepsy, and had terrific care then too. I will always recommend AZ women's care to anybody who is looking for an OB, and I have referred many friends who are equally as impressed. Keep up the GREAT work ladies. :)
5	Wonderful practice! I've seen both Dr Heathcott and Dr Helms over the last four years, both of whom were very knowledgable, personable, and professional. They explained issues and concerns on a personal level so things were easy to comprehend. Their follow up with test results were efficient and personal, with the doctor themselves returning phone calls with results. All of the practice's staff from the schedulers to those who greet patients in the lobby, was wonderful. The practice itself is very clean and modern, with warm decor; none of it feels like a stereotypical stale doctor's office. I would highly recommend this practice and their entire staff to any woman seeking a great OBGYN.
