4	Oustanding Portuguese food at a good price.The appetizer included chorizo sausage and a salad. The dinner was an excellent grilled half-chicken, and the chocolate mouse was some of the best I ever had. Oh, and the total, including a glass of port was $30 CAD. Can't beat that.Surprisingly it was really quiet when I went in there, but that may have been because it was a Monday evening.
5	My girlfriend and I happened upon Porto Mar one day and enjoyed a wonderful lunch.  The food was excellent, perfectly cooked and super fresh.  And the service was impeccable and professionally friendly.This is a place that we will now visit whenever we are in Montreal, and shares a spot in our "places to eat" list with Toque and Garde Manger.  It really is that good!!!
4	My two colleagues and I went there tonight for supper.The food was delicious and the service was excellent.The house wine is very nice.
4	We had a lovely meal at Porto Mar and would recommend it for a quiet meal.  All the other restaurants in the immediate area were packed on a Tuesday night, possibly because of live entertainment.  You could hear a piano player from a nearby establishment, but Porto Mar was tranquil.  Not so quiet that we were deterred from eating there, though.Service was friendly and prompt.  We enquired about a children's menu since some other restaurants in the area had some form of menu for the kiddos, but there wasn't one here.  Still, they were sensitive to our need and helped steer us in menu choices.  We had their caldo verde to pacify the bug.  The traditional Portuguese soup was delicious- a pureed potato, kale, and garlic combo.  She ate at least half of the big crock of soup.  Hubby and I split the seafood grill since I wasn't in the mood for chorizo or any meat.  The kitchen does you the favour of halving the portion for you- no arguments over who had the bigger grilled sardine. ha ha.  The snap peas on our grilled platter were fabulous and the bug ate most of them.  She also hogged my brother's seafood and rice dish.  This dish is not like paella in that it is brothy.  He separated almost all the seafood out and gave her his generous portion of seafood infused rice/broth.  It was perfectly seasoned and delicious.No room for dessert.  It was getting late and the 220 year old building was kind of freaking me out.
5	Around the corner from the mass of restaurants and across from the water at 201 Place D Vouville you will find a wonderful place for a meal.  Hubby and went there for his birthday dinner on Friday night about 8pm.  It was not too busy, which was great since we could converse at a moderate level. As soon as we saw grilled squid and grilled sardines on the menu, we started to salivate.  We weren't disappointed. I was served four whole sardines, crisp, very fresh and just yummy. Hubby had two squid lightly charred, both dishes perfect. The dishes were accompanied with sauteed greens, potato, parsnip and carrot. For dessert I had two custard filled tarts. Not too sweet in a melt in your mouth crust. The service was excellent and we enjoyed talking with the owner. Bill was $50.13. This was one of the most enjoyable evenings we had in Montreal.  What a great city.
4	While recently in Montreal, I stumbled upon Porto Mar. We were on our way to another restaurant near Old Montreal when, from afar, we saw the comforting Portuguese flag. The menu had classic Portuguese favourites, steak and various fish dishes. The service was a bit slow, but it gave me time to talk to my girlfriend. The food came and it was good. It was what I expected. The portions, I would say, were a bit small. Traditionally I am accustomed to huge slabs of steak, however the portions here were smaller and more refined. I wasn't really happy, but at the same time I wasn't mad. The food was good.Our waiter, and who I assumed to be the owner as well, was very friendly. He asked me where I was from in Portugal, and he later revealed to us that he was from the same region, and was from a nearby city. Small world. The end of the night was marked by desert and a somewhat pricey bill, however, I wasn't expecting something cheap, I wanted to treat myself and my girlfriend to a romantic meal in Old Montreal. For a full course meal with drinks, I guess the price was somewhat reasonable, plus we were family (kinda).If you want good Portuguese food, in a romantic area, in a beautiful and warm restaurant, Porto Mar is the place to go. The service is good, the food is good, and your night will be too.
5	terrific evening. excellent service. I had the  grilled sardines, my wife the steak o'poive.Good selection of wine with dinner. I selected the restaurant from the excellent reviews. On YELP.I especially enjoyed meeting the owners.
1	We came to this restaurant in evening in late August, 2013.This restaurant was chosen by us because of its high rating on Yelp.comUpon arrival, we have stood unattended in the waiting area about 10 minutes, while the manager was solving some business matters with one of its contractors or suppliers.Then, he approached to us and suggested us to take a table which was NOT CLEANED UP after the previous visitors.We were surprised by such a poor hygiene practices and left, and never tried to visit this restaurant again.
4	Received a recommendation from our hotel clerk for Porto Mar and decided to give it a go.  What  great food, liked it so much that we went back the next day for lunch.  For dinner I had the poisson du jour which was swordfish and it was delicious.  I have had it at other locations and it was overcooked, not here, nice and moist.  My wife had the Saumon Porto Mar and it was excellent. Some of the best we have ever eaten. That night we also had the Sardines Grilles and again for lunch the next day.  Certainly some of the best grilled sardines we have ever eaten. For lunch we also shared an order of the Crevettes Epicees, truly some great spicy shrimp and cooked just right.   When and if we ever get back to Montreal I think we will go back to Porto Mar.  Our server was Cynthia and she did an outstanding job.
