4	Pumi is a poor mans version of Benihana. Ok maybe not poor, but slightly less rich then Benihana. The teppanyaki menu consists of pretty much the same standard items you would expect to see. The cooks however are a little more friendly, and entertaining. I think they dont get as much traffic as the strip habachi cooks, so they are a little more personable, and have a little more fun. They also have a great sushi bar with everything you would expect to see. I generally dont eat at their sushi bar, because I go here for the teppanyaki, and usually with large groups. If I am in the mood for sushi I have other favorite places, but I have ordered sushi from the teppanyaki room, and its always been good. The fried rice is my favorite part...for some reason it just tastes different here. better. And its always cooked perfectly. I think maybe they use less salt and more garlic, or maybe more salt and more garlic, either way, I like it. The last place I went the rice was not cooked all the way through, and it was crunchy and awful.The scallops are always awesome too. I get them every time I go there. The location of Pumi is the biggest attraction for me. Its very easy to get too, and I dont have to walk through a casino to get to it. I think I have mentioned in previous reviews how I prefer to avoid the strip at all costs, so this is a great alternative. There are mutliple listings on Yelp for this restaurant for some reason, but 2 of them have the wrong zip code, so the map is way off. This is the right one...so disregard those others.
1	Hmmm...not impressed at all! Well, ok. Their egg flower soup is decent. That's all. Service was ok at best. I ordered beef chow mein and pot stickers. My uncle ordered beef with broccoli. The pot stickers never came and they mixed up mine and my uncles order. However, instead of mixing the chow mein noodles with the beef, they hide them under the beef. So I didn't notice that our plates were switched till the bitter end. Finally, my uncle asked our service for change, in ones. The server came back with change in fives...
3	Yet another average dining experience. I loved the company--my good friend, but the food was no match for the company. I liked the pu pu platter in presentation, and I did like the beef strips cooking on top of the cute little fire grill, but the rest of the food was not that good. Wontons and egg rolls were decent, but not THAT good. Egg Rolls were fat with mostly cabbage and nothing else and wontons did not have enough sweet and tangy flavor to the cream cheese flavor. Spare ribs and some sort of pork dish were not very flavorful and some even a bit cold around the edges. It tasted just like (if not worse) then any other mediocre Chinese food corner place on the East Coast. I did like Sesame chicken, however. It was tangy, yet sweet with just the right amount of crunch. Too bad I was already full on the pu-pu platter or else I would have just eaten all sesame chicken.I didn't try sushi here this time around, so maybe sushi is good here? I will give it another try for a more comprehensive review.I liked the atmosphere, however since we dined in the bar area of the restaurant, it was rather loud and obnoxious, not like you would expect a small bar area in a restaurant to be--more like you would expect  a regular bar during a football game on Sunday. I like to dine in peace and I guess should have tried the main dining room, but my friend is a smoker, so we ate at the bar area.Service was average. I had to "wave" the bartender quite a few times for refills, and some beverage orders were slightly messed up. Oh, and they also allowed a kid of maybe 9 years old enter the bar area and sit there waiting for his drinking father at 10 PM at night--very disturbing and bizarre!Like I mentioned earlier, I would come here again, but not because I had a groundbreaking experience, but because I wanted to try it again for the sushi experience in the main dining room and for that yummy sesame chicken!
1	My girlfriend and I decided to give this place a go to try something new.  We like sushi and various types of asian cuisine, so we thought it would be worth giving it a shot.  Boy, we were mistaken.  The server was nice, but the service itself was awful.  We decided to try the all you can each sushi, only to find out that there were few specialty rolls available for the all you can eat menu (those on the regular menu were quite overpriced, btw).  To put it simply, I have never had such a lengthy sushi experience.  It took us literally 20-30 minutes to get one or two rolls.  Ridiculous.  Not to mention, the sushi itself, tasted average at best, and both my girlfriend and I had stomach aches later (we eat sushi regularly).  Additionally, they mistakenly put eel in one of my rolls, which made me pratically gag, as I am not a fan of eel and I specifically asked them to leave it out.  75 dollars later, we were both terribly disappointed.  Avoid this place like the plague if you are going for sushi, and there are better places for Chinese food, for sure.
5	I don't know what you guys are talking about, but being from New York and having a boyfriend who LIVED in the Orient... we know good Oriental food.  And Pumi is the best in town... of course it will be better in China or New York... but for Vegas.... this is as good as it would get.  And depending on when you go, service is awesome.  I rarely see the bottom of my glass.... and my family goes there ALL THE TIME and they have NEVER messed up on the order.  PLUS they have cheap gift certificates on Restaurant.com.... what more could you ask for?
1	ROTTEN FISH!!! WORST SUSHI RESTAURANT IN NORTH AMERICA!!!They should rename this place "Rotten Fish" for its food and service!The service was horrible! We ordered cold beer and it came barley room temp.When they served the sushi everything on the plate stank of rotten 3 day old fish!We told the sushi chef that the food had gone bad and he started arguing with us!Just the smell of the rotten food they served us made me almost throw up.We tried to tell the owner / manager but all the staff just argued with us and told us that sushi is SUPPOSED to smell like that!!!My husband and I have been eating sushi since we were infants. We have eaten in Seattle, Vancouver, some of the best places in the world outside of Japan and their food was insulting.  They should be ashamed to server what they call food.  It was not even good enough to use as bait, it was so rotten.What a JOKE of a restaurant! Their food and service made me so sick, LITERALLY!
2	Wor Won Ton Soup is good on rainy days and when people are sick. Order to go because they are close to the house. Truthfully, Panda Express at the Vons down the road works better if your looking for a better quantity to price ratio.
4	We ate here tonight for the first time, pretty good food. We got the all you can eat sushi which is actually worth it. You just tell them what you want and they'll bring it out to you. The hot and sour soup was really good. The crunch roll was yummy. We had two servings of it. Tea was a little too strong though. The staff was friendly. Place was clean. I would eat here again..
4	When I get around to making a new list called Date Spots, I am adding Pumi. Last week I had a date suggest this place and was thrilled because I literally live across the street. I've been here several times and never been disappointed. This specific visit we did the Teppan Yaki and were at the table with only one other couple which was nice because it was a first date so they helped break the ice. I ordered the Filet Mignon and Chicken Combination ($27.95) and my date went with the Filet Mignon and Shrimp Combination ($28.95). Both of us were completely satisfied with the Chef and the food. Zero complaints about anything. I asked for extra garlic which probably isn't nice to do on a first date, but we both agreed it worked for us. Several Tokyo Teas later the garlic breath wasn't an issue. Lol. The service was quick, the restaurant clean and the food divine. The ambiance was the perfect setting for a first date and a fine meal. I will be back soon for more.
3	If I'd read the bad reviews on Yelp before going, I probably wouldn't have gone. But we just stopped by because one of us was craving Chinese food and one wanted Sashimi. They also havesome Korean dishes (though it says Japanese/Chinese on the outside.) My sashimi was good, and the all you can eat for $25 was a good deal, though they limit some of the rolls you can have (or how many you can have of certain rolls). They've got video poker in the bar, big TVs and apparently they do the benihani cooking thing at the table though we didn't get it, or see it with anyone else. The Chinese food was OK.
2	What the H________!!! Got a restaurant.com food voucher and went to Pumi, this is the 2nd time we went in 2 months. Both times, it was dead in their on Friday night, fine, the place look good. 1st time we told the waiter we wanted to use our voucher, but we only have the certificate # in my email which is on my phone. Didn't have the actually printout. He said fine, food was OK, had better, the oyster shooter was horrible, don't get it unless you like drinking alcohol with ponzu sauce (like a very light soy sauce) in a martini glass. YUCKKK. Finish and paid the balance after our voucher was verify and OK. 2nd time, repeat offender, went late after work, didnt have my printed voucher. We were seated, ordered drinks, then waited for the waitress about 10mins to come back, even though it was just 3 tables of customer in there. Ok fine, I double checked and see if I could still use my voucher like last time, I only have the number. She went and checked with her manager, came back and said OK. We order, drank etc. Then the bill came and I gave her the voucher number, she wrote it and left with the bill, 5-10mins later she came back and said the manager said no, and that we had to have the printed voucher. What the heck. Isn't this the same manager that supposedly OK it before we ordered? Then came another waiter, and asked if everything was OK. I said it's not OK and explained the situation. He said let me see what I can do, all he did was went to 2 tables down and talked in their language back and forth to another guy ( probably the constipated manager) So the waiter came back and said sorry, we cant do it. But I hope we will do a better job next time. What the heck. Next time, I think not. I guess it explained why that place is so empty, not the best sushi, a couple of rolls was pretty good, but service was very inconsistent.
2	Back in the days of 2006-2007, I used to be a regular at Pumi for the creative sushi chefs and friendly service. Then, as has been well-documented in reviews before mine, the place changed owners/managers/etc and everything went downhill. The fish was not as fresh and prices were higher. After a couple subpar experiences, we cut Pumi from our lives. Well a few years have passed since we were in this place, so we decided last night to give it another chance. Since I'm with child, I can't eat sushi for a few months (booo). Instead, we sat in back for hibachi where they couldn't even turn the lights on for us! Seriously, we sat and ate in near darkness back there. The hibachi chef was friendly enough, and his rice/veggies/chicken were decent. Shrimp was rubbery, though, and my husband's NY was so thin, they definitely cut them in half. Hey, I have no problem with a place like that as long as it is reflected in the price, but if anything, Pumi has adjusted their prices up. Another negative - that creamy sauce that all hibachi/teppanyaki restaurants give you was really gross at Pumi. I usually eat the whole thing, but theirs tasted like watery mayonnaise.Service was fine.Overall, Pumi, it's gonna be at least another 2 years before I try you again.
2	I have been going to pumi for over 10 years. Pumi and John were the original owners and sold it to Hong. Hong is very unfriendly and ungrateful and cheap. I spend a lot of money in there at least twice a week. On my last birthday I went there for lunch by myself for a free dinner and was buying another take out dinner. They refused to give me my free lunch and were rude. The food is still good but not consistent. They brought in 2 bartenders from blueberry hill Craig and Amy and it's better to eat in the bar area and get better service and no attitude and rude. Julie the food server and the Mexican older busboy are the only bright spots. Amy and Craig the bartenders are fantastic and Julie is great and everybody else sucks especially the owner who is always in a bad mood and is very rude and very cheap with no customer service skills!!!
5	We had a fabulous girls night at Pumi! Craig the bar manager was AWESOME! he definitely assisted in our good time! The food was great. I love the sizzling rice soup! My boyfriend and I eat here all the time as well. Service is always great and the sushi is fantastic! We will be back soon!
1	Used to frequent Pumi quite often years ago and it was always great, so I figured "What the hell" lets do lunch....Now the place is "all you can eat" and its horrible. If you order 'a la carte' you can not order sashimi unless you order a plate, (small or large) and then its only certain fish, no substitutions! When I received the dish which was $25.00 the fish was inedible! I've had better experiences with the pre-packed sushi you buy at the grocery store! THE WORST!!
2	I didn't know what to expect coming to Pumi's in Henderson.  One thing I was told was that Asian food is best on the West side of the strip near Spring Mountain, and boy does that rule still apply! One thing that I disliked about Pumi was that for the All You Can Eat Sushi, you are NOT allowed to order "Half-Orders."  I was a little sad hearing that because I love trying many different dishes to write a thorough review without spending a fortune! With 20+ people in a party, it is very understandable for the food to arrive longer than expected.  However, I don't think it is acceptable to make a customer wait over an hour for a simple salmon skin salad, which I still never got!  I didn't have a good experience here and honestly, not being biased due to the long wait, the sushi quality was not the greatest either.  One of the MOST IMPORTANT aspects of sushi is the rice!  The rice cannot be overcooked or undercooked.  It is the rice that makes the sushi roll stay intact and holds all the marvelous ingredients together.  Each piece of my roll fell apart.  Tiger Roll:  Shrimp Tempura roll topped with spicy tuna and drizzled with unagi (eel) sauce.  My opinion on this roll (meh i've had better)  Spicy tuna was good, flavorful with a kick of spice.  Shrimp tempura however, you can definitely tell it was not a fresh piece of fried goodness, instead it was cold and the tempura crust was a bit stale and not crunchy.  That bite just ruined it for me.  I also got to try the dynamite roll which a friend ordered.  That was was surprisingly good!  A california roll topped with a seafood mix and baked.  My suggestion here is if you are planning on ordering two or more rolls of sushi, it is much more cost effective to get the "All You Can Eat" instead of paying $15 per roll.  Enjoy! =)
3	They have a 21.99 all-you-can-eat sushi; I hadn't eaten all day and I managed to consumer just enough to exceed $25 face value, so if you have a BIG appetite, go here -- although if you leave anything or try to omit your rice, they will charge you for whatever's left. The ikura was particularly wonderful: the salmon eggs had the light flavor and thin walls of freshness and the nori outer wrap was delightfully crisp!They also have a full bar and a Chinese menu... and a Korean menu as well. The wor won ton soup had a lot of everything, including large succulent shrimp and tender pork!Service was friendly and the machine does come to the table, for your security, so don't be worried by that.We went on a Friday night, there was almost no one else eating at that hour (after 9) although there were people in the bar area, and they close at 11 pm on Fridays.
4	great host and food
1	This Restaurant was terrible. We sat the hibachi table, the cook was boring, no talent, what made it worse was the food was tasteless and boring. I used to frequent this establishment before it was sold about 3 years or so ago it was great then. After eating here recently, my extremities blew up, I was sick to my stomach and could not get focused for 2 days. I cannot even give this place 1 star. It was the worst I have ever been to, and the prices were way out of line for the terrible food and service. Panda Express does better then this restaurant. That is a very sad statement I must make.
1	We have been to this Pumi restaurant several times in the last year or two and it seems like everytime we go the service and food keeps getting worse. Tonight was the last straw and we vowed not to return to this place ever. 1. Several booths on the side were unoccupied and we wanted to sit on one of those so it will be easier for my 2 year old daughter to move. They insist on sitting us on one of the tables in the middle. We had to reason with them.2. They have a bar so we ordered sapporo and mojito, waitress came back saying they are out of both. On a friday night?3. We ordered 3 eat all u can sushi. It used to be $21.99 and now they increased it to $24.99. I think we only ordered a total of  6 different rolls, fried oyster, and 2 appetizers which are lo mein and  kung pao chicken. The appetizers were served in a small plate and my 2 year old daughter was eating the lo mein when the waitress came to our table and told us that since my daughter is sharing she is charging us additional $8. I asked her how much is the regular price of the lo mein and she said $11 but since my daughter only ate a little bit she will only charge us $8. She knew that my daughter only ate a little bit because she keeps on checking on her to make sure she is not eating the other items we ordered. I guess she was planning to charge us more if she saw her as much as touch the other items we ordered.  Am i supposed to say thank you for only charging us $8 instead of $11? Really? I never heard of a restaurant that charges extra for a 2 year old. Even the hotel buffets and five star restaurants do not charge extra for little kids who will only pick on their food. $8 for a little plate-appetizer size of lo mein? 4. Service is slow,  waitress is rude, food is average and overpriced.  In my opinion this is not a family/ kid friendly place and it will cost you more to eat here than in other sushi places. Last week we just ate at one of the sushi restaurants in spring mountain and they did not charge us extra for my daughter and they saw her eating with us. We eat out often and never got charged extra for our toddler. We gave this restaurant several chances to redeem its reputation but not no more. We do not recommend this place.
5	The only time PUMI let us down was when ownership changed hands a little while back. Their AYCE menu offers hot, fresh food, too: miso soup, different chicken & meat dishes, veggies, tempura, & a lot more. first visit, I ordered one of the chicken plates expecting it to be dainty. nope. nicely sized portions. cool beans.Ladies and Gentlemen: the kitchen & sushi chefs @ PUMI are puttin' it down, once again. the chef of a distinguished age, Jason(?), he's my favorite, so far.there is one thing: i would like to see uniformity in the construction of the Western rolls. putting your spin on an original, like say- Better Than Sex, creates a completely different experience... it is not the same roll.  or else, put it on the menu & give it another name, k?'PUMI, I HOPE YOU HEAR ME!!!'
3	Slow service but overall quality of sushi was decent. I would have had a better experience if the five other waiters on the other side of the restaurant helped the one person serving our party of 11. Service needs some work
2	Pumi's ok. The greeter was cool. I think he was the chef. I didn't like the dark ambiance. Service was not that great. Was a lil slow than usual. Food portion was not as gd as Sushi Bay. I prefer Sushi Bay.
3	Good enough Chinese.  Not my favorite.
5	My favorite sushi spot.  Great food and atmoshpere.
3	Great: pot stickers, crab rangoon, fried rice. Good: egg rolls, sushi, beef and broccoli. Meh: sweet and sour chicken, banana split. Over all a really good place with a lot of options, decent prices and a good vibe.
