4	Dr. Olson was recommended to me by a friend, and unlike a restaurant I had to ease into the relationship before writing a review.  Dr. Olson is fantastic she knows what she is doing and relieved me of my pain after a first visit.  However, she recommended treatment if I wanted to relieve the problem not just the symptoms. So we now have some standing dates.  Her care is five star.  Office facilities are also very clean and nice.  The reason I have to give it a four star is it is busy and can take 30 to 40 minutes to get in and out.  If you have this expectation, you wont be mad b/c they tell you 15 to to 20 minutes.  They are busy and the front house staff is sometimes a little dazed and confused but always courteous.
5	I've been seeing Dr. Olson for 2 1/2 years and am so grateful that we found her. I've seen chiropractors my whole life and never has one actually made a difference in my neck. When I began seeing her I suffered from weekly migraines. Within the first year they decreased to minor headaches occasionally. This year I had to throw away all my Excedrin and Ibuprofen because it expired in my cabinet before I was ever able to use it! :)Now my husband goes who never had any issues but notices a difference in how his back and neck feel better! He was skeptical about chiropractors even though he saw a difference in me and now that he goes himself he tells everyone about it! She knows so much about natural medicine too in addition to her expertise in chiropractic. We refer as many people we can and the ones who have gone have been so grateful they did! They do get busy yes but they won't rush you out to get caught up. They will spend the time with you they need. Front office staff is always very friendly, helpful and knowledgeable.
5	I would just like to update my review that the front house staff was new when I first started using Dr. Olson.  They are now seasoned, and very efficient.  I can get in and out in about 25 minutes.
2	Scam! After years of yoga then a car accident I was having back pain and I was looking for a chiropractor. I did a Google search and came up with Olson Chiropractic, obviously before I became a Yelper! I made an appointment and they were able to get me in the same week.My first appointment with Dr. Olson was about 45 minuets, she was able to take x-rays of my back right in her office. We looked at my x-rays together and by the time she was finished explaining them to me I felt like she just handed me my death sentence. She kept going on and on about my spine and all of these serious issues that I had, plus I had no clue what I was looking at. Then she tried to convince me of what a miracle worker she was by showing me other patients before and after x-rays and how she cured them. She had me convinced I needed to see her 3 to 4 times a week for 6 months. Luckily, I worked at a hospital and a good friend of mine is a neurosurgeon, he laughed hysterically after looking at my x-rays and told me she was scamming me and there was nothing wrong with my back by just looking at my bones. He would need an MRI to actually know what was wrong.Her office is beautiful and it's a great location but parking is terrible. Also the doors to the exam room are glass and others waiting outside can watch you, there is zero privacy. I always had to wait 30 to 45 minuets to be seen for 5 minuets. I would not recommend Dr. Olson to anyone, the only reason I did not leave 1 star was her staff was very kind and helpful I cannot say anything bad about them.
5	Suffered from painful TMJ disorder for years...Some days the muscles in my jaw would tighten all the way to my trapezoid area...I tried everything - Dentists, Doctors, Medication...I made literally two visits to Dr. Olson in the Fall of 2010 - And I have been cured ever since! Highly recommend, especially if you are suffering from TMJ!
5	Dr. Olson is amazing. Referred by my orthopedic surgeon, as to who he uses, and I couldn't be happier.  I have more pain FREE days than I have in 18 months!!  Her staff is friendly and willing to accommodate to your scheduling needs.  She maximizes the time she spends with you!  Great atmosphere!
