3	If i have to choose between this place, sports authority or anything else, I choose here for my basic sporting good needs...   they have pretty much everything I want... They even kick you some nice coupons if you sign up for their rewards club.   Not baddddd
1	Horrible customer service! The first time I stopped by, I picked up a couple items. I asked about a military discount. The cashier answered that they had one, but she'd have to re-ring me up and was too busy for that. The last time I went there, I picked up two compression sacks, something I've been needing. Went up to the register and was told the items would not ring up. After 10 minutes of just standing, I was told that they didn't "sell those items." I was baffled, how could they have something in store, in a bin, that they didn't sell? I questioned it and was told the two items were supposed to be with sleeping bags and were not for sale on their own. I told the associate I had the exact same compression sack at home in yellow that I had bought from them, so I knew those items were sold separately and were sold at that store. The guy shrugged, apologized, and left me standing there.The prices are fair and that's the only reason I think I even attempt to purchase items from there. Their customer service is horrible, though, and honestly makes me feel like paying more at REI is worth it.
2	they do have a lot of sporting goods and reasonable prices which is a plus. but i was there the other day for almost an hour, looking at almost everything, and didn't receive any customer service, no greeting or acknowledgment. i wasn't hiding i was in clear view there were maybe two other customers total in the store, one being helped and the other probably felt the same way i was about not getting any help. i also saw two little kids playing around on the equipment, treadmills and elliptical right in front of the employee who was helping the parent. they were making a lot of noise, so it was hard to not notice them. definite law suit waiting to happen.
4	I typically don't review franchises cause if you've been to one you've pretty much been to them all.  However, this one definitely stood out.  I'm new to cycling and I wanted to get a tire pump.  In the back of the store they have a large selection of bikes and accessories.  Mike was the bike mechanic that was helping me out.  He had a lot of knowledge and was very helpful.  I didn't feel like I was in a pretentious bike shop and Mike was very open about his bike knowledge.  He even was willing to stay a little after his clock out time to show me how do small tune ups on my new road bike.  I actually think I left with more accessories then I came for.  But, because of my experience at this specific Sports Chalet I'm excited that I have a place that will be sure to support my new hobby.
2	Wow does this place suck now!  Their customer service is just plain out horrible.  The past two times I've been here, it's been impossible to get some help when I needed it.  And it's not because of a shortage of employees.  I went earlier tonight to look at getting a new pair of running shoes for my big ass feet.  There were 3 employees within 15 feet of me, but they were all more concerned with talking with each other and playing on their phones rather than tend to a customer.  And to make it worse, two of them were chatting about the new Twilight movie.  I wouldn't mind if they were talking about work with each other...hell I'd even overlook if the topic was last nights episode of Dexter.  But Twilight?!  Get outta here.Their shoe selection was pretty meh anyways.  I only saw one pair of shoes that weren't hideous and would've fit my sized foot.  But since the three employees scattered like cockroaches once I started to walk towards them, I took my business elsewhere. This used to be my go to sporting goods store when I lived right down the road.  I've found myself going to Sports Authority more since it's now closer to where I live now.  But with how poor the customer service is, as well as how high their prices are, I'd make the drive to Sports Authority over this joint anyways.
5	I love this place for all my sports need. I find everything I'm looking for here regarding sports. The staff are friendly and attentive.
5	I don't know what is up with the bad reviews about customer service, we were here last night and I couldn't turn a corner without being asked if I needed help.  We were looking to buy my husband a new mountain bike and the bike expert was great.  We shopped all the major sports stores yesterday on our quest and Sports Chalet had the best deal and by far the most helpful staff.
5	Review for cycling needs only, although the customer service is fantastic all around.Like Neil M., I am also new to cycling. I brought in my road bike to get a tune up, thinking I needed to get a lot of things done because my bike did not feel right, however the bike mechanic informed me that I only needed a brake shifter adjustment and saved me about $35. I took the savings and bought a few LED lights for night riding. They have a nice selection of cheap and reliable cycling accessories, perfect for the novice or the intermediate.
1	Customer service is horrible! There are many employees standing in groups but don't offer to help. They are also unknowledgeable about the merchandise they sell. The person that got my shoes couldn't answer my questions. And that was after waiting forever for a person to "help" me. I would not recommending going here. I would put no stars if that was an option
4	It's a new year! So like most people, we were looking for some items to help in our workout routines.  We walked into a bright and well organized store.   They have a great variety of items found in many of the sport shops.  There were also great sales on some of their clothing items.  Hooray for sales!Unlike other places, the customer service was fantastic.  I had a short but very informative conversation with not one but two different associates.  They were very personable and friendly.  It was a nice welcoming encounter that I haven't had in other places.  Overall, this location of Sport Chalet has hired great associates that are real assets to their company.  Thank you for a wonderful shopping experience!
4	Talk about a One stop shop I'm lucky this place is so close to my place I didn't realize how big and how many sections they have to for fill my needs gold club sections is good they have everything I need a wide selection of nikes know i don't need to drive to the mall anymore and I've been looking for a mountain bike and what do you know thy have a decent set of high end bikes I'm ready to buy taxes are almost here lol I recommend checking out this store if your need anything sporty or if your looking for nike gear they have it.
4	Great customer service and a large variety of shoe choices to choose from. I love coming to this place.
4	My son needed baseball cleats for fall ball. This was the first time I have ever shopped at Sports Chalet (other times of the year baseball cleats can be found abundantly).  My son is on the cusp of going over into men's so the cleats varied greatly. Tyler in the shoe department was super helpful and patient with my son. The downside of my visit I would say is the girls at check out left little to be desired. This may sound weird but getting out of the checkout area was difficult. There were stands and racks in the whole area. The store is also on the pricey side.
5	Store is always clean and stocked with a large selection. This store is probably just like all Sport Chalet stores across the United States, and that's fine with me. The variety of sporting goods here is immense. From dive equipment to camping gear and everything in between. Shoe guru Larry Craig is a legend in a past life, and anybody would be so lucky as to chat with him. He knows quite a bit about how to fit a good shoe and the science behind the foot. Since Planet Fitness opened next door I might actually go in this store more than once every two years. Good employee engagement. Ask for a free license plate holder.
5	I'm very happy with Larry in the shoe department and Natasha the cashier. Both displayed fun loving attitudes as well as great knowledge. Larry gave great recommendations with the shoes. He really knows how to listen and the gives knowlegable feedback that answered all my questions.He also took the time to look up a pair of shoes they did not have in stock and had them ordered and shipped to my home at no extra charge. Natasha was very delightful and finished off our 5 star service while she checked us out. She was always smiling and was very engaging. Excellent service and support by the staff!
5	Every single time I come here, which is a lot, the service is absolutely amazing.  From welcoming hellos, to extremely knowlegeable footwear people, great sports selections, and a good rewards program.  My kids heavily involved in sports, this is my first choice.  Great place.
