4	Once heralded as a premier music venue, the Crystal Corner maintains its tradition with an awesome jukebox selection and space to dance.  Still has live music a few times a week.  It has nostalgia feel with a curvy bar and clientele that have been regulars for the last twenty years.  Good nightly drink specials.  The only thing missing is the smell and haze of smoke due to the ban (smoke belings in this bar) but business is still bustling.
5	Twenty years is a long time to drink at one bar.  I can barely even remember why I liked this place to begin with.  Perhaps the strategic location between the Willy Bear and Mother's (both gone).  Maybe they'd call the latest last call.  I don't know.  Don't go here.  But then again you can smoke outside in their new loungy area with your drink, and play pool inside if there isn't a band.  And if there is a band my best friend Tad will be working the door plus all the old bartenders are still there and are kind and interesting folks.  Everyone should go and remember to tip my friends.
5	Now I'm not sure if this still happens, but it most likely does. If you show up during a Jeopardy game and stick around until 'final jeopardy' it's possible to win a free drink by getting the correct answer. I once stopped in for this during a kid's show, and quite a few people won free drinks. The Hometown Sweethearts play here often, which can be a lot of fun.
5	Home to good microbrew tap specials, the Hometown Sweethearts, and my upcoming new favorites, Brown Derby!  I find it both fun and relaxing to sit inside and have a nice, cold beer with good company and good tunes going on.  They have a good jukebox if there's no live music.Occasionally, the service leaves something to be desired, but I just pave over that feeling with more beer.  ;)
5	This place must have improved over the years, because when I tell non-Madisonians about going to the Crystal they give me that look. You know, the "Eek. Scary, Scary" look. I think it's fine. Great live music, casual feel, and WOODCHUCK on tap--this is what sold me. Besides, any bar that has chalkboards to doodle on in the ladies stalls is a friend of mine!
4	The archetypical come-as-you-are joint.It may look somewhat seedy from the outside, but it's really one of the most welcoming, comfortable, casual bars in town that I can think of.Now -- what 'ill it be?
5	Love.  I hate dark bars and I hate bright bars.  Crystal Corner gets it just right.  I can see my hands, but not my pores.  It's almost a dive bar--and some may think it is, but I am from Mississippi and I know a dive bar when I see one--with that down home feel.  Bartenders are easygoing, if not too busy to be on top of it all the time, the jukebox is full of the Stones, and the pool tables aren't too pricey for pool.  And then when they bring in the bands, well, if you can stay seated, you must be passed out.  I met my first Madison friend here, and she taught me how to cheat at pool.  (Flirting and distracting) I also met a man who knew all about Faulkner and Larry Brown, and that just gave me the warm fuzzies.  oh yeah, and the pizza's not bad either if you need to soak up the alcohol before facing the cold.  if only they would serve you beer in a can, but then you can't have it all, can you?
4	I told my friend to meet me here... she says she's never been there and was a little hesitant. Ends up its a good place to go! Very relaxed bar with no need to get all dressed up to impress. The night I was there (Thursday) we had a live band rocking out.  I love live music so I was very happy to be there on a cold Wisconsin night. You know you have driven by a zillion times.... now its time to stop in at the Crystal!  Don't be scared...
3	This is a working class bar in the Willy St. hood.  It seems to be mostly locals and a slightly older crowd as a result.  They have some pretty good acts that come through here, and people usually get enthusiastic enough to dance to the music too.  Why only 3 stars then?  I would actually like to give 3.5 stars.  It's better than OK, but not amazing. It's casual and comforting, but there's nothing particularly special about it to me.
5	Honestly, the Crystal Corner is about the best example of a neighborhood bar I can think of.  Great taps, comfortable feel and quick and competent bartenders are the norm here.I can still remember the first time I went - my friend and I had just turned 21 and we were exploring the non-State Street parts of Madison for the first time.  My buddy's father must have heard the same things about the Crystal because he told us to "never go to that place - people get killed there!"  So of course we went and the warnings of imminent demise proved incorrect.  For a neighborhood bar the Crystal Corner is remarkably friendly which for me is the be-all end-all.  I've always found the insular nature of some places off-putting - the "swivel-factor" of regulars looking you over when you walk in is an immediate strike against for me.  That's why the Crystal Corner is the best, because the atmosphere here is the perfect mix of casual, friendly and fun.If it were just a comfortable place to hang out the Crystal would still be one of my favorites in Madison.  But the reason I think the Crystal is a five star joint is because of the great live music.  I've gone to shows here both large and small - sometimes the place has been so packed that I've watched the band from across the bar.  Most shows tend to be a bit more low-key, with plenty of room and good sightlines.  I wouldn't have ever thought it, but looking back on the last five years I've got to say a couple of my favorite shows have been at the Crystal.  And last (but certainly not least), this place is frickin' famous - Okkervil River namechecks the Crystal Corner in "A Girl In Port".  So they've got that going for them, which is nice.
3	Sketch-tastic. Just take a look at the neon lights and you won't argue.This is where the east side meets willy street with a little downtown thrown in the mix. The crowd is very entertaining- anyone you could think of could be in at a given night.Lots of beer, darts, and pool. All things considered, it's a pretty solid place. Plus - it brings back the innocence of smoking: a vending machine with candy cigarettes.Recently though- did the beer get more expensive or is it just me?
5	the crystal is pretty much my favorite bar in the country.  many fond memories of this place - hometown sweethearts specifically!  epitome of what a dive bar should be, drinks are cheap, bartenders are fantastic (have patty make you a vodka cranberry lemonade, there's nothing better in the summer), frozen pizzas are pretty tasty, and it's a great live music venue!  it has some infamous characters that make frequent appearances, but all in all a unique crowd of folks and thankfully since it's on willy st. it's not crawling with college kids like the downtown venues.  if you're lucky enough to catch the hometown sweethearts back in town, make a b-line to the crystal for the best party around!
4	Crystal corner is your typical neighborhood bar, full of townies and cheap drinks! They also have live music here a lot, so if you like that then this is the place for you!There isn't much to say about this place, its an experience that much be lived in order to be appreciated!
5	The Crystal Corner should impress, as the place has grown on me after being a regular patron for only a matter of months.  I'm usually very picky when it comes to bars, and few of them enter my 4/5 star league.  The Crystal Corner is also not the typical bar I would frequent, but it has all the right elements to just make it one of those places worth being at.What amazes me the most about it is the variety of ages and personalities.  On a typical weekend night you're bound to see everyone from the punk gother, the trendy hipster, the preppy 20-somethings, the middle-aged cougars, and the averge joes.  There's a good reason why everyone is there though, and its that the setup and atmosphere is perfect.  From music that is almost always spot on for your mood and at the perfect volume (sure that's all relative but it just seems right to almost everyone there), to a long circular bar where you can schmooze with your electric peers, the Crystal Corner has got it going on.The bar itself definitely resembles the typical neighborhood bar as others on yelp have mentioned, with a few TVs and an old hand-me-down feel.  But aside from that, it's unique in almost every other aspect and promotes good times.  If you get bored of just socializing and having drinks, they have a few pool tables where you're bound to catch a game, and darts for those of you who like to do that sort of thing.  Prices for drinks are reasonable, although nothing here nor there.The only drawbacks that I'd say (and nothing to take away a star) are the lack of comfortable chairs and the always busy bartender.  If you can deal with that, you're in for a treat.
3	i would probably die of horror if i found myself at ANY bar that had live music.. so i'm utterly glad i came here on a night with strictly the internet jukebox playing.we came across this place after the car decided to die in the middle of traffic. and after waiting for a tow truck to arrive, we were in dire need for a stiff drink or eight. thankfully, this bar was only a few mere blocks away from the mishap.this is not a dive bar by any means but the aesthetic and overall temperament suggests so. regardless, i'm fine with this. this place is clean, properly-lit and has ample seating. there are a few billiards tables and dart boards. this is definitely a place to people-watch as the patronage is so diversified; one has to wonder what sway crystal corner has over madisonites.anyway, we planned on staying for two drinks maximum but we ended up for staying six hours. chatting with the locals and taking multiple shots with the bartender made this place a gem to behold.
4	After a night of drinking, do stop= in here for their pizza. Just ask for it behind the bar.
4	Agreed. Stopping in here to order and pizza to dine in or take a frozen one home! They have quite a variety of Emil's Pizza, which is delicious! Also they have a few pool tables and dart boards so its a fun place to go out and play a few games while having some drinks and pizza.
2	Neighborhood bar with a steady clientele.  Drinks extraordinarily strong to the point of being gross.  Really nothing else positive to say about it.Lots of bands I like end up playing there, no idea why as it barely has enough room for a bar band that draws nobody, with a real local band the place is packed and poorly oriented for watching anything.The main thing it has going for it is inertia.
4	Cool, divey bar. Somewhat of a retro feel. Cheap drinks, cash only. Check out the schedule of bands!
4	Daily specials! Kitschy holiday decor this time of year (Bucky's wearing a santa hat!). Love to sit by the "window" into the bar. Friendly patrons, always end up striking up conversations with others! Looks like they also serve pizza.
4	We stopped in here for an after dinner beer and I really liked it.  It's not a fancy place but is your classic neighborhood bar.  There was a lot of seating around the large bar and plenty of tables surrounding the room.  The bartenders were great and the beer was delicious.  Crystal Corner is a great place to hang out at.
1	Horrible customer service. No respect for customers who aren't locals. COMPLETE bias against people who don't look like the typical "willy street" crowd. I.e. Possibly homeless non vaccinated types. Don't go here unless you want to get judged and not served a drink.
3	Stopped here to grab a beverage while waiting for a table to open up at Grampa's. I've been to the Crystal numerous times before... somewhat surprised that I haven't written a review yet.+ Very open space - high ceilings, block windows, no tables+ Huge circular, kidney bean shaped bar area+ Friendly bar tenders+ Average tap selection (very conservative)+ Nightly drink specials+ Cheap drinks, overall - a mixer and a tap were well under $10- Cash only+ ATM onsite, and only $1.50 fee- No real food available+ Bands play often- Bands always have a cover charge+ Outdoor seating when the weather is nice- Very limited outdoor seatingOverall, a great local bar. No complaints.
3	Descriptive phrase: grungy neighborhood hangout bar.Three of us stopped in Crystal Corner on Willy St for a quick drink while we waited for our seat at a nearby restaurant. There was some outdoor sidewalk seating, and the inside was surprisingly filled for a Friday around 5. It's dark inside, where you'll find a large oval bar in the center with scattered seating around it and a stage in the back. The bar was littered with half-drunk beer glasses, most abandoned and covered with a coaster to indicate their owners would be returning. Most people seemed to know each other and were all jovial. There were posters up promoting upcoming live music for a number of lesser-known but hip and unique bands. A+ on that end.Unfortunately their beer glasses were notably either dirty or run through a poor washer. On top of that there was a squadron of ants marching around our table eating things on the floor.Crystal Corner gets points for their musical tastes and friendly atmosphere, but needs to do a bit better on their hygiene to get me to come back for more than a bottled beer.
5	I hold this bar near and dear to my heart. It has been something like a home to me for the better part of six years. There's a revolving cast of characters that have all proven to be great people, each in their own way. The staff is unique and attentive, and the live music is always a hit. Be prepared for a busy night Thursday through Saturday. Look on the wall for the drink specials ($6 domestic pitchers on Thursdays!) and do not underestimate the deliciousness of the Emil's pizza. These are my people.
3	It might still smell like smoke... (when was that banned)The tunes might be aggressive... (with TouchTunes on mobile you can play All I want for Christmas and nobody will know)The pizza might be cooked in the same counter-top oven from the 80s (I bet they clean it)But this place is a-ok by me. Quite the cast of characters, a slim tap line-up, plenty of spirits, and a couple of wines. And I can start a tab and throw a tip on there in one handy transaction. I like your style CC.
