4	I wondered into the Rock Store a couple of years ago and it has become a regular fav. The pork BBQ is pulled, smoked wonderfully, their sauces rule and the sides aren't bad either.  What won me over was that for as much food as you get, the price is phenomenal!  The family special can feed our family of 3 for a day or two after.  Lunch is only $5.50!
4	Gotta say I was surprised at this place...I maybe a frequent customer.They dry rub the ribs then add a tomato based sauce on top of it. The meat was just about falling off the bone and good. The sauce on the ribs, frankly I gotta try it again. It was good I just couldn't get a feel for it. Not spicy, a little sweet with smokyI also got a pulled pork sandwich, yes I did get a half a rack and a sandwich, what, big man gotta eat!  The sauces on the table where good I tried eat one. The mustard based one had a kick to it that I'm gonna venture and try again.I asked about the rib sauce and they don't keep it on the table just for the ribs.Only bad part was how the served the corn beard in aluminum foil for some reason that reminded me of school lunch back in the day. I ate it though!I'll be back at the Rock Store and we'll update when I've got a clearer picture. A solid 4 star on the Que for now.
5	Grew up here and this is the best Carolina BBQ in the area. I always make sure to stop by a few times whenever I'm in town. Incredible sauces, good sides; everything's just rock solid. I've been wanting to try the ribs for a while but the pulled pork is so good I haven't gotten around to it. They also have an amazing little farmer's market right next store. Too bad these little places aren't all over the country...
3	This is good BBQ. Don't get me wrong, I just don't find anything exceptional about it. It's all pulled and in my opinion the chicken is some of the best in this area. The pork tends to be smashed together. There are many sauces to choose from and they are very good. I have and will go back here, I just wouldn't go out of my way for it.
5	I must say that one of the benefits to living in Matthews is that the very best BBQ place in the Charlotte area is just a few miles away in the Rock Store.  While the exterior is very unassuming, the throng of cars parked around the building should give you an indication as to what awaits inside.  The pork is pulled, not chopped so it holds the flavor better.  I prefer mine with coleslaw on top and their sweet sauce however they have mustard-based and even that inferior vinegar stuff if you so choose.  While you might be tempted to go for the pork sandwich special, the better deal is the pork plate, which comes with a bun and enough food for two sandwiches.  Still better yet is the family-size which has enough for 6 or 7 sandwiches.  Pork BBQ not your thing, don't stress.  They have chicken and beef available as well but their pork is unlike anything I've had anywhere.  I've also recently ordered a slab of ribs to take home all for my self - which was delish.  The meat fell off the bone!For those that revere Lexington BBQ as the best in the state of North Carolina, I must respectfully disagree and say that The Rock Store is clearly the best by a country mile
4	loved the pulled pork.  Moved from TX and the land of beef BBQ.  Couldn't wait to get some PIG.  YUM!!!  Would highly recommend you give Rock Store a try.  They also carry a local sausage (made in Wadesboro) that is worth the money.  Great flavor and enough fat to make good gravy.  These days that is hard to find in commerical sausages.
5	Rock Store has become almost an every-week lunch place for me. I love the pork BBQ sandwich special - an affordable and filling option that comes with a drink where other places charge $2 for a soda...Priced like a fast food restaurant, but the food is so much better than anything you'd find in a McDonald's, BK or the like. They have 4 sauces on the table - hot sauce, Carolina Gold (mustard based), Stallings Secret (ketchup based) and a vinegar based. Personally, I love the vinegar sauce and the Stallings Secret sauce. The building sits on the side of the road in a historic store made of rock (hence Rock Store), so it's pretty easy to spot. Seating inside is limited, and can be hard to find a spot during the busy lunch hour. There are 2 picnic tables outside when the weather's nice, and as a bonus during the spring/summer/fall months, the Providence Produce stand is directly adjacent.Everyone has differing opinions about what good BBQ is, but Rock Store is the best BBQ around for me.
5	Nothing but love for this place.  Simple, cheap, fast and soooo good.  They offer a variety of sauces and sides to suit all tastes.
4	Want some delicious famous, smoky Carolina 'Cue?!?  Head out to Stallings to the unique Rock Store Bar-B-Cue!  Try the BBQ Sandwich special which includes a side and drink for only $6 including tax.  There are 4 different types of sauce (vinegar, hot, mustard, and Stallings secret).  The barbecue baked beans are delish but the brunswick stew I wasn't really crazy about.  Overall great food and affordable!  And lucky for me...close by!
3	I had ribs here tonight.   They were OK.   I have had better . . even in my Native Ohio.   The ribs were tender ... smokey .. but way too wet with sauce.   The sauce was average . . . I would not call these Carolinna Ribs either . .
3	A lot of people around here love this place.  Its not bad,  I just think there is better out there.  I think some additional sauce options would help.
3	Inexpensive BBQ.  Way too much sauce on the ribs.  Couldn't really taste the meat.  I'd stick with the pulled pork.
5	This place is consistently delicious BBQ at a decent price.  I strongly recommend splurging and getting some banana pudding, it's amazing.
5	Have always heard about this place and we was in the area this past weekend so we checked it out. The first thing the place is small but the employees are very friendly. The prices are good and get a large amount for the price. We did the sandwich's and the BBQ was great & the different sauces was also very good. I would recommend this too anyone in the area or BBQ fans. We will be back!
3	Pretty decent BBQ in a very tiny establishment out in wild, wonderful Stallings.  Not big on the sides but where the heck would they have the room to make any? Pork is the best bet, ribs are so-so. Sauces so yummy that it's hard to make up one's mind which one to use. I find myself mixing a couple  to come up with my own concotion.Beans were canned-generic. Mac-n-cheese & stew could be better. Banana pudding quite tasty. I would recommend just buying their pork in bulk to take home and make some of your own magic in the kitchen.Your pal,Walter
5	BEST Bar-B-Q in the Charlotte Area. Friendly staff that know how to smoke. Love the pulled pork. The sauces are great. But my favorite side of Cucumber Salad is what keeps me coming back for more. I tried to duplicate but I can't get the balance they have mmmm. Located in a historic old Gas Station building, Small eat in area with Picnic tables, great atmosphere what you want when you think Bar-B-Q.  THIS place is where we always take family and friends when they visit Charlotte.
4	Ribs!!!  The ribs at this quaint, tiny BBQ location in Stallings are to die for.  Personally, I like the Carolina BBQ (sweet vs. mustard based), but they have plenty to choose from.  Ribs come with plenty (some say too much) sauce, but that's the secret stuff.  The pulled pork is great and the chicken is by far my wife's favorite.  Take some home and be sure to get a bottle of the rib sauce to take with you.  The corn bread is more like pound cake, and perhaps that's why I can't get enough of it.  Not many places to sit, so if you love their food and want to eat at the restaurant, then come early, or eat at their location in Mint Hill off of Hwy 51.Don't forget the banana pudding for desert.  Only complaint is that you can't get it in a gallon container.  :-)
4	Good BBQ, good mac & cheese, and great corn bread. I didn't try the iced tea, unfortunately. The service was friendly, too. It's a nice little place with tasty food. I would return.
5	My go to place for ribs and pork! Love their rib sauce. Corn bread and banana pudding is amazing. Don't care much for either of the slaws though.
4	Great little place for BBQ - emphasis on the "little".  It's tiny.  However, they have excellent pulled pork, and the mac and cheese is really good, too.  The sides are packaged in individual containers, hot or cold, and you eat on paper plates with plastic silverware, so there is no evidence when you're done.  Everything goes in the trash, and you leave full and happy.
5	Sooo yummy! Good portions too, not skimpy. Cornbread is super moist and their "secret" sauce is amazing! Inexpensive as well.
5	Great BBQ and a nice selection of sauces! This place ROCKS!
5	If you are ever in Indian trail nc you owe it to your self to stop and check this place out. Some of the best baby back ribs I have ever had the pleasure of eating. This place is road side bbq at its best! Bbq beans were wonderful as well with the corn bread. This place just rules and you should try it some time.
2	We picked up pulled pork BBQ based on the great reviews on yelp. I found the pork to be bland and soggy. The place is very tiny and we had to wait in line to order right next to people eating. I was definetly invading their personal space but had no choice. I do not recommend
5	fabulous!!!
2	This is only  a review of the pulled pork as I've only ordered that at two of their locations. I was really disappointed , both times. Did not at all taste as if it had been grilled, smoked, or ever come near a BBQ. Tasted as if it were roasted in an oven. Bland, too moist, and not a lot of flavor. I went here looking to find good pulled pork and left unsatisfied.
5	The BBQ chicken is magnificent. I prefer the Carolina Gold sauce. The corn bread is mouthwatering and you should finish with Banana pudding!  Make sure you look at their hours  because they close earlier than most restaurants.  I suspect this is because they are so busy that they don't have to stay open late to make money.  If you love good southern BBQ, then you have to give this place a try.  They have a great selection of sauces that are all good.  You will just have to decide which is YOUR favorite!
2	It's affordable!  And my parents love their pork BBQ sandwiches.  And there is a fantastic produce stand adjacent.  The young man that helped us was friendly enough.  That's the end of the good points for me.Located on Old Monroe Rd, the rock store itself has been there for ages.  I dated a Union County boy for 6 years and passed this more times than I care to think about while it was convenience store.  My folks mentioned a couple of times how good the BBQ sandwiches were, and always on the search for excellent BBQ and ribs I thought I should make a visit to bring some takeout to the parentals to score inheritance points.  I wanted to try a variety of things so I got the 1/2 rack rib platter, which comes with 2 sides and a drink ($13), and a pork BBQ sandwich ($4).  I chose the mac and cheese and beans for sides, which come in small styrofoam cups.  The ribs were tender with plenty of meat but were boring - I make better ribs in my crockpot (then broiler) with Bulls Eye sauce.  The mac and cheese tasted like Stouffer's.  The beans seemed to be straight out of a can - my mom's baked beans (with BACON) are exponentially better.  And the pulled pork BBQ was tasteless - I guess you add the sauce to make it better, but I like BBQ that can stand on it's own - the bun had more flavor than the pork.  And the slaw served with it tasted weird.  Mom said it was mayo slaw, but bleh.  I put it on my sandwich, only to scrape it off.  The cup of mild sauce that we got was fine, but it is a very thin sauce that ran off of the sandwich.If you like plain BBQ, this is the place for you.  If you want any kind of food with any kind of flavor, keep moving.
3	Pulled pork is pretty good.  Wasn't thrilled with the sauces
5	We love this place!!!! Best BBQ around! The staff are very friendly also :)The only thing bad I have to say about this place is there not open on Sunday.
3	I've been going to rock store for years and unfortunately the quality is getting lower. I used to come here for BBQ and corn bread all the time and the pork was fresh and had great smoke flavor. Now I feel that the pulled pork is very lackluster with little flavor. If I do go there I get chicken and even it it overlooked and just sitting in juices. I prefer fresh food and all theirs is sitting for quite a while before it's served. If you want good BBQ, go to Elwood's or saucemans.
4	Well I want by there yesterday for the first time for a quick lunch and of course after reading all the reviews with high expectations . I walked in the door and of course you can smell this amazing barbecue aroma . I ordered the pulled pork plate with a side of mac & cheese . Now I've had pulled pork before and on its own and it's usually this warm smoky  juicy and awesome tenderness thing going on . Yesterday when I got home after a ride of maybe seven minutes to my house it was ice cold dry and flavorless. Needless to say my first impression was not great. Now I did get the spicy mustard sauce out of the bag put it on the cold pulled pork heated it up the microwave and Bam it just woke everything up it was great I really enjoyed the meal as I thought it should've been prepared or should've been presented when I pick it up. I've been around long enough to know that sometimes first impressions aren't always correct no matter how much we research or anticipate I still believe in the three strike rule. Trust your instincts trust your gut whatever you want to call it people inherently use this to decide whether not they like something for me I believe integrity loyalty honesty is truly important. Wow I was really rambling on sorry, anyway I'm going back to try again
5	Everything is delicious!  Their cornbread is to die for and you gotta love their tomato based bbq sauce.  Goes well with the pork, yum!  Great customer service as well.
5	Finally tried this place after living in Indian Trail for just over a year and a half. Stopped in with some out of town company. We had the pulled pork lunch special and banana pudding. Very delicious and I loved the variety of sauces. Casual atmosphere, uptight people stay clear if you want privacy.
4	I love this place, the pork sandwiches are awesome, I will go there everyday when I'm in town.
5	Great lunch! From California and travel the states and this BBQ stands up to the nations best. Fast, cheap, friendly and good food!
5	Love this place! Great pulled pork BBQ at a good price. This is no frills - not many seats so takeout is best, sides are good but nothing extraordinary. But, it's definitely worth the BBQ! We live nearby and come often.
4	The chicken with mustard sauce (Carolina Gold) is super tasty. We recommend that you branch out and give it a try.
5	1st visit today. An old high school friend works here. I've eaten it all, Memphis, Eastern NC, Lexington, you name it. This is as good as it gets. Had the pulled pork sandwich with the sweet tomato sauce and Brunswick stew. Porky was very smoky and flavorful. The stew was perfect. Thick, just the way I like it. Took home a pound of the pork. I'll try the ribs next time. You will NOT be disappointed!!!
5	Great pork plate, beans and the best cornbread I ever had!
5	Fantastic place, have been here several times.  It is a gem of a BBQ place, best beef brisket around...and the banana pudding is the best I've ever had.
5	My husband is so obsessed with this restaurant! It may not look like much from the outside but it is fantastic! My husband got the full rack of ribs and I got the Pulled pork sandwich. Both of which were great. My obsession from this place is definitely the corn bread It is so sweet...almost like cake :) && I love cake! Definitely a great place to try if you are looking for a local joint with awesome food!!
5	I love this place My father loved this place! You guys rock ! The mac and cheese great pulled pork great! Thank you for the great food!
5	Ordered the pulled pork, definitely tell they put everything they got into their cooking!!! If anyone has a better recipe than they have for corn bread I'd like to try it!! Absolutely the best I have ever eaten!
5	Great bbq joint. The pork is delicious by itself, but I believe they have 4 choices of sauce (my favorite being the mustard based), with a red slaw and white slaw to choose from. (I would recommend the white if you get the sandwich, red if to the side). The pricing is very reasonable includes tax which really seems to simplify and speed up service. The only downside is having to choose between the pulled pork or the ribs...
3	Definitely had better barbecue. Their sides were just average as well. Expected more from a barbecue restaurant.
5	Awesome.  Awesome.  Awesome.The "cleanest" pulled pork I've ever had.  A choice of 4 sauces.  Great sides that aren't fries!  Ribs to die for.  UNSWEET tea!  What a wonderful little hole in the wall.
5	We were in town for a few days visiting and I wanted to find a local BBQ "hole in the wall" establishment.  We were not disappointed...The staff was very accommodating with us as my 84 year old mom is in a wheelchair and we needed space.  We ordered the family platter with a slab of ribs and sides.  Now, I love BBQ and this place does BBQ justice.  Reasonable pricing and close to where we were staying.  Great StaffGreat PricingWill come back if we are back in the area - it's that good!!!
4	Was a nice little place in the middle of no where. So glad we didn't miss it. The food was spectacular! Ribs were fall off the bone quality. Corn bread is a must try! So moist. Definitely will be coming back if we ever go back this way. Must try spot!
