5	I've lived in the Paseos for a couple years and have walked past this park quite a few times but this past week I decided to explore it.   It's much larger then it appears from the street.  There is a playground, splash pad, basketball and sand volleyball courts.  There are plenty of benches and tables.  There is a large soccer field and the grass is beautiful.  And I know it's a no, no, but early in the morning it's hard to resist letting my Lab off leash so I can throw some balls.  From what I can tell the Moms and kids start arriving around 8:00 for the playground and splash pad portion.
4	My young daughters enjoy this park, but they sometimes would rather go down to the Vistas because there are no swings at this park.  The park is typically clean and well used.  There is a play structure for very young and young children.  There is a sandbox too if you are brave enough to let your child enter it.  It has a very small dirt RC race course; it's a bit small for a larger Traxxas car, but is good enough to contain young kids learning how to control basic cars.  It also has a basketball court, and baseball field.  The park connects the southern and new northern part of the Paseos.
4	I ride my bicycle through the park almost every Sunday and it's usually empty except for some people walking their dogs.   If there is no one out, I generally see rabbits who come from the desert to enjoy a breakfast buffet of the fine grass and plantings at the park.It's a good sized park with lots of space for running with your pets--dogs and children--and there is a cushioned play area for the smaller kids with the requisite coverings so the sun is screened somewhat.There's a section where you can play sand volleyball (the beach is too far away for beach volleyball).  There are covered picnic tables and clean bathrooms.  The park is well maintained.We have stopped here after a hike or two for our snack and drink time but then read the Summerlin rules that alcohol is not allowed in the park.  It would also be a nice place to sit and read but since it's in an area where the housing starts have really taken off, it will be a bit noisy during the day.It's a typical Summerlin park and very nice.
5	It's a clean and well maintained park. It has a playground, sandbox area and a splash pad great for small children. I love the fact that it's a walking distance from our house.
5	Nice park. One full sized basketball court, lights turn off at about 10pm. There's usually a good number of people playing but it rarely gets overly crowded which is nice. Water fountains work and bathrooms nearby are pretty well maintained.  Nice volleyball setup and plenty of grassy area to hang around.
5	Clean, well kept, full of families with little ones. My two year old son loved the splash pad- it was large and open to the soy rounding area with lots of kids playing nicely and parents nearby. The little sandpit was a popular play area as well. We will definitely come back to this park for the next few years.
