3	It is McDonald's what else can you say.
2	While seeing my food sit at the drive through window, I watched as the lady preferred to attend the coffee maker and then after taking her time I finally got my food as she handed me the food waiting at the window.... I could have left way before that! My fries suck and the nuggets are rock hard!
1	Second time I have gone through Drive-Thru and ordered Chicken Nuggets for my nephew.  They always forget the sauce.  Called to let them know it has happened twice.  The girl on the other end of the line said to check before I leave that it's in there.   I am paying for a product and checking to see that someone else has done their job.  Sad.
2	Finally left early enough for work to allow me to get a McD's coffee. I don't like the fancy coffees, just regular coffee with cream. I decided to be quick, avoid the drive-thru and go inside. My luck there was one person ahead of me, while there were at least 5 cars waiting outside. I liked the counter displays. They were a variety of coffee cups and mugs presented in such a way as to look inviting. I thought it was a nice touch.  Well, my turn came and I realized just how slow the cashier was. It was as if she had not a care Umbria world. After a few moments she finally took my order. Another woman actually made my coffee quickly, and I was headed to work. My disappointment came when I realized that the coffee tasted bitter. Burnt. Ugh. I will try another McD's closer to work next time. What a let down.
1	This has gotta be the cheapest McDonalds in McDonalds history, they never give napkins at the drive through. I ordered 5 sandwiches and five large fries, asked for extra ketchup and was given 2 packets and told that was the maximum they can give me. When I asked the girl at the drive thru four the manager she got all pissy and threw a handful of  ketchup in the bag and asked "happy now?".needless to say it's a terrible place to order food
3	Well I was reluctant to go into a 2 star mcdonalds, but it wasn't all that bad. Inside was relatively nice, and the employees were pretty friendly. Of the breakfast meal I got, I only changed the coffee to a large iced coffee, and got a large hot coffee instead. When I spoke out loud to myself saying "oh is this hot?" She thought I was just asking if I would burn myself hahaI didn't bring it up because iced coffees are usually more expensive anyway. Either way, the sausage egg biscuit was pretty good!
