1	I work in the area so I pretty much check out any new place serving lunch.  Walked into this place today and had a seat.  Wanted to see what was up with the wide variety on the relatively small menu.(Bacon wrapped dog/Chicken gyro/Green chili pork/Korean spiced beef) Waited for 15 mins and no one said a word to me. Not one word.  I saw between 1-3 employees.   Now this place is fairly big, and I was the only on the Eastern side.   There was a bartender the entire time I was there.  About 15 feet from me.  You may be wondering if the place was packed and the bartender was slammed.  Not so much.  There were two other guys there who finished their meal after I was there about 10 mins.  When I walked out, it was just me, the bartender, air and opportunity.  Now I'm sure some of you would have made your presence known and tried to get some service.  Eh, I wasn't in the mood for that, so I just left.  I was confident in the fact that there were other places selling food on downtown Mill.  I may try it again another day.  In the meantime, here's a lil' something to remember me by.
5	This place is across the street from my work and it has become my favorite lunch place in one week. The misters outside keep the outside bar cool (there are 2 bars) so even when it's hot out, I can eat outside. The food is awesome. I've had the shaved beef (basically an Italian beef sandwich), bacon burger (complete w/ egg) and sweet/sour shrimp - all have been delicious and all are under $7. Pretty amazing. It's designed to feel like an 80's arcade, so lots of black paint and cheesy graffiti. Normally I'd say that's corny, but in the context of an 80's arcade, complete with plenty of arcade cabinets, it's pretty spot on. 2 small gripes - if you don't know where to order (like the guy in the other review) you might feel a bit lost. There's a spot on the far east side of the building to order, no waitresses. Also, the beer selection on the outside bar is pretty pitiful. Bud light? No thanks. All in all though, it's deff my new lunch spot.
3	Went here for some drinks and food with my friends... Great decor... Service was friendly... Just a weird setup.  You have to order from a window without a server.   My burger was not very good... It was dry and slathered in mayo without notice. but  they have video games!
1	I had high expectations for this bar. The bar is extremely bland, and the staff just doesn't care. Came in after opening just to be ignored by the bartender on a slow night. Put some stuff on the walls, and hire a staff that actually cares.
1	Went in here on a Thursday night with a couple of friends. We thought it would be pretty fun to get some drinks and play some classic arcade games. Getting a drink from an uninterested bar staff took longer than it should have, but it happens on Mill. The worst part (and reason for the one star) was the security staff. When trying to go out the front door, we were turned away to go "out the back". Then when heading to the back, asked which side we had to go out (east or west), the bouncer replied "what the f*ck do you think?". I guess we interrupted him while he was holding up the counter. Well, F this place, there are plenty of other places on Mill.
5	Went in with some friends during the day. Our bartender's name was Eric, he was really professional and really good-looking. Drinks were amaze-balls!! And the food was pretty good. The chicken drumsticks are the best on Mill! Go in and ask for Eric!
4	Pretty sweet spot! Has an old school feeling with the old school video games including TWO N64 systems at the booths.  One game that stood out was the skee ball where you can earn points to win free drinks.  Haven't tried the food yet, but I've heard some good things about it, so will definitely be trying the food soon.
5	Went here last Friday for a Birthday Happy Hour!  Very impressed.  Excellent service. Friendly waitress who came around at just the right time. The food was excellent.  I think I had the best wings I've ever had.  They crunched..So Yummy!!  Lettuce Wraps...wow!!  Everything was very tasty and while I did read a review that said they had to go to a window and order then go pick it up themselves....I have to say I never saw a 'window' and we had a waitress that was very attentive, took our orders and served our drinks and food.  They have booths that are a really nice size; they fit a good bit of people (8+) for conversation, so no need to separate your party.  The atmosphere was great, staff great, food great! And for all you girls out there the Bathrooms were Clean!!  As I said we were there for Happy Hour and they had amazing prices for drinks and food.  I have to honestly say "I'VE FOUND MY NEW FUN SPOT!!  Next time I shall partake in some of the video games..
2	I have been here a half dozen times, and at first it was great. Play some classic arcade games, and have some reasonably priced(for mill) drinks. The music can be way too loud at times and give the place a rave feel that I don't prefer. The DJ also place the same 3 long remixes all night long. The loud music and strange crowd is not enough to keep me away, but a recent experience with the staff may mean giving up on this place. A group of friends and I had gone out to celebrate a birthday, and door staff was really friendly to us as we entered until the last person in our group was denied entry. This was our first stop of the night. No one was intoxicated and we were all fairly dressed up for the night. Their reasoning was that my friend was wearing high tops. These were penguin high tops covered by his jeans. I  not even sure how they noticed what kind of shoes he had on, but apparently hightops are a cardinal sin here. Friendly door guy went to an asshole in a heartbeat when my friend asked if he was serious or if he could talk to the manager about it. Mind you we had all been here several tines in the past and never had an issue. At the request for the manager my friend was told, "Go somewhere else if you don't fucking like it!" Not that we had much choice since they were not letting him in...I basically just won't be coming here for quite awhile. It can be a nice place, but as soon as you get comfortable here you may catch a dose of the bad everyone else has mentioned.
4	Stumbling through the 110 degree desert I had found myself in, I came to what could only have been a mirage. A place calling itself a "street bar" with free arcade games and hooters upstairs. I was so dehydrated and delirious, I swore I was seeing things wrong. What did it all mean? My emaciated and sun burnt body could do nothing more than to venture into the mirage.My friends.... this was a true oasis. I was immediately greeted with cold, flowing air blowing all around me. Cute girls in daisy dukes and tank tops were all over the place. A Galaga machine came to life in the corner. Televisions were playing strange competitions with men wielding sticks being pelted with balls. I thought for certain I was hallucinating. I took a seat at the bar and a cute female approached and told me it was happy hour from 2 until 9. Surely I had misheard her. That's not happy hour. That's happy all day. $2 beers, cheap food, cheap shots, cheap drinks. WHERE WAS I??!!The menu was small and weird and I thought someone must be playing a joke on me. Bacon wrapped hot dog? Chicken drumsticks? Korean Style Beef? I settled on the Brat that came with caramelized onions and pickled cabbage and house mustard and it came in something of a bread pocket that seemed like it was baked just to house the sausage. Quite delicious. It started bringing me back to my senses. Some tater tots came perfectly crispy but not burnt and with what I think was queso fresco on top? Or maybe it was the cheese of the gods because they surely must have sent me to this little desert hideaway. God cheese.If I ever find myself stuck in the desert again, I will surely look for this miracle amongst the sands.
2	this place was a fun,  cheap food, cheap drinks,  fun games.   unfortunately we had to leave because our friend was denied entry.   he committed the blasphemous sin of wearing so called ''athletic sandals'' instead of flip flops.  at least,  that's the distinction the bouncer made sure to make so that we understood clearly his rational for standing his ground against the evil athletic sandals.  i'm just thankful my friend wasn't arrested for such offensive behavior.   i mean,  footwear is a number one priority in 100 degree heat.  so just make sure to call ahead and send several snap shots of your foot apparel over for approval before trying to play skeeball.   they don't play here.  oh,  and be sure not to close the door to the patio.   you'll be looked out and the bros on their cellphones will be too cool to hear you banging o the door for help.
3	So I went to this place because I loved the idea of playing video games at a bar!  That part did live up to it's potential.  I mean, how could it not?!  Mario Kart + beer = fun. The two of us ordered food, lettuce wraps and a bbq sandiwch.  The lettuce wraps they put the "meaty" stuff on top of the lettuce making it a mess if you actually wanted to WRAP it.  The "meaty" stuff was actually pretty good, I just wanted to be able to eat it how a wrap is typically eaten.....wrapped up.  The bbq my boyfriend liked so that was a plus. The service however was awful.  When the waitress took our order we didn't get out that we wanted ice waters and fries before she walked away.  I was left in mid sentence and dying for water in the desert.  With that said, the whole night they had the door open.  It was 105* -_- Misery.We had two other friends meet us and that's when we started wanting shots and more drinks.  The shots we eventually got tired of waiting to order so we went to the bar and waited 15min for the guy to put together a crappy rendition of a lemon drop and some straight patron shots.  Then the waitress never came back to our stack of empty drinks to ask if we needed/wanted more.  I can only assume she was only so unattentive  because her 4 friends were at the table behind us...nice.  She ended her shift and passed us on to the next available waitress who was equally unattentive.  We ended up using the bartender for everything more than any of the waitress'.  The last group of shots we ordered the bar tender yelled them to the waitress to add them to our tab.  Not 5min later she comes over with another round thinking we were ordering them.  Great communication. We of course took them with a smile and went on our merry way.Lastly, if you want to be able to communicate with other people at the table you will want to make sure you leave before 10PM.  It will soon turn into douchville USA with louder music and less people.  Great idea, unfortunately poorly executed.  My hope is they work on their customer service and things can only go up from there!
4	I'm new to the Tempe area and heard Mill Ave was a pretty big deal for nightlife. I stumbled upon Gringo Star located between Hooters and a Piano Bar, and my friends and I figured we would give it a try. When I walked in, the place was very busy and had a good crowd going on. I tried ordering a drink but the bar was packed and just as I turned around I got approached by someone asking me if I wanted a drink. I assumed it was a cocktail waitress but it was hard to tell, nonetheless, I ordered a drink and she came back very quickly! it wasn't the best cocktail I've ever had but hey the prices were not to bad. As I continued to walk, there were old school video games lined up, another bar located in the back, a decent sized outdoor area, a food menu?, and bottle service tables. Not your average college bar. Everyone looked like they were having a great time and I had some good vibes. Overall, I would say Gringo Star definitely is a great and really fun bar. My only concern... Why did it take me so long to find the bathrooms? FYI, plug for boys, outlet for girls. Don't mess this one up people. I'll definitely check this place out again because that menu looked fantastic. During the school year, guaranteed Gringo Star will be mobbed!
4	Pretty great new bar on Mill. Great crowd, decent drink prices.
4	Despite the negative reviews of this place i went anyway.I was NOT dissapointed.I went there around 3 pm and wasnt aware of happy hour. Their happy hour deals are insane. $3 Four peaks drafts. $6 cocktails. $4 chicken drumsticks. You cant beat their prices. So with that said i went a little crazy. Ill give you a review of all the things i got:Bacon burger - Phenominal. The buns arent your regular fare. They are some sort of toasted, maybe sourdough. The bacon was meaty, the cheese and toppings were good. Chicken drumsticks - The way they made/served these was fun. They take the meat and push it down towards the bigger part of the drumstick like they do in higher end reastaurants. Covered it in a sweet barbecue sauce, then instead of serving it with blue cheese, they sprinkled CRUMBLES on all the pieces. Sweetpotato fries - Pretty good. They are served with ketchup (would have preferred dijon mustard) and they sprinkled maybe shredded parmesean? Chili pork - No. The meat tasted like it was sitting for a while. It was pretty bland. The old lady liked it but after having all the other amazing food....it just wasnt up to standard.Gringo Donut - Dont be fooled, this isnt a donut. BUT ITS SO FUN. They take a friend dough (similar to those fried sugar donut things at chinese restaurants) put 2 bananas on it , with some vanilla pudding and nutella. if i could curse on here i would. it was amazingTurkey brat - This one was street food done classy. A brat, topped with bright pink cabbage, some random toppings. THe best part was the toasted (chibatta?) bread they put it in. It was nice and crunchy like french bread.It was a little loud in there but...its a bar on mill. What do you want...Fred Astaire? its a bar...with VIDEOGAMES...and STREET FOOD. Service was good. No complaints. Smiles and friendly. Attentive. To wrap it all up; even the NON happy hour prices are still legit. The service was good, the crowd at 5 pm was decent, nice bug beautiful windows to look out of, and the food....OH the food was amazing. Seriously, just try it once. You cant always take peoples word on these reviews. Generally people come on here when they have something to complain about. TRY IT!
3	Happy Hour rolls from 3-9pm, clearly exceeding my happy Hour hours expectations. Can't beat $2 domestic drafts. Just stopped in for a beer with a few others on a Saturday afternoon. Guess we picked the absolute worst time because three loud Frat boy drunks or maybe just punks were cursing their way through our entire 45 minutes there, yelling weird noises and acting like it was their first time with some alcohol in their hands. The bar is pretty big, although the back bar was closed, but once we got away from them, it was a decent experience. Bartender should be tossing these folks out, not serving them more poison.      The skee ball is the most inventive part of the place offering free drinks for a score of 450, which you will have a hard time achieving, plus $2 buys you a drink anyway, so this is useless. In the good ole days, those 100 point slots were not there, but then again skee ball was actually 10 cents when I was roaming the arcades. The TV situation was good, but this place may be at a disadvantage when the weather turns better with no patio. Pac man was the only worthy arcade game out of only five in the place and the manager wouldn't tell us who the communist looking guy was that adorns all the walls in the place. No, we don't want to guess for you to buy us a $2 beer, just tell us and get it over with. Ohh such a big secret. It is not even a person, it is all photo-shoppped, so stop being so secretive dude.
5	Very unique spot on mill ave! The artwork, atmosphere, and video/arcade games gave the place a great vibe. The menu is kinda random, but I have yet to be disappointed in my selection. My personal favorite so far is definitely their spicy korean beef. The staff has always been super friendly, attentive, and laid back. This is the type of place I enjoy going to after a long day of work with some buddies. Not the type of place I would go to grab a quick bite, I always end of staying for a couple hours.
5	I FRIGGIN' LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  Everything about it screams, "FUN" in a casual way.  The food is remarkably outstanding given how inexpensive it is...noteworthy...the fried okra...outstanding...the Bacon Cheeseburger is anything but your average fare...high quality meat, smoky bacon, outstanding bun.  The Shaved Beef Sandwich is also excellent and one of my favorites...its like an authentic Philly Cheesesteak in that really great bun again.  The Korean Beef tastes so good...its a bit messy so try this on...order the lettuce wrap with the Korean Beef in it...way easier to eat.  And you gotta try the Gringo Donut...what a blast!  Nothing like it...bananas, vanilla pudding and nutella?  Righteous!The Happy Hour is the best deal in town...hands down.  Tuesday nights they have some really great, live music.  The vintage arcade games...I mean really...what an awesome concept...the only downside is that if you're in there for Happy Hour and you're not careful, you'll be too tanked to know what's goin on by the time it really starts crankin at 11...BUT...you won't have to stand in line for 30 minutes to get in either...This place oozes "good time"...If you can't have a great time at Gringo, you don't have a pulse.  Get your pals and get in there...
4	This place has a great vibe!  The staff is awesome and they've got great food and drinks as well as great deals!
2	I think if I was trashed or high, I would've had a better experience.  But I was completely sober and I felt like I was in a horrible music video that was trying to imitate Project X, sans the swimming pool.I actually think it's pretty cool that they have video games at the booths where you sit, and arcade games throughout the place - but because it was so crowded, there were people utilizing the skeeball machines as a bed to make out on.  It smelled like barf, which i'm not surprised because I'm sure people were throwing up in the corners and the smell is amplified and distributed in the air even more because its so damn hot and stuffy.  The good thing about it though - I remember a good variety of music was being played.  A mix of hiphop, rap, EDM.... I would prob come back.... if I was high.
5	Since writing my initial review, I received a message from a manager at Gringo Star and he apologized for my not so great experience, even though it definitely wasn't his fault.  He proceeded to offer to buy me a few rounds next time I come in for a more enhanced experience.I am giving 5 stars this time because he is representing the business in a  good way, and his message was very nice and courteous even if my review was sorta mean.  I was just trying to be descriptive and super honest as possible.
3	Great happy hour every day, fun place to play some old arcade games. Also has a decent amount of TVs to watch games on. The service was less than spectacular, waited for a while to be approached. The food tasted like typical overly fried bar food, and was a little over priced.
2	Nice decor, decent service, crappy arcade games. I can't really figure out what this bar is trying to be but it isn't fun or cool. I guess it's cheap, so that's a plus.
1	So this place is packed with ninner fans on Sundays (no I am not one of them) they have $2 budlights which was nice for me budget, the food is all street style and was very good. Buuuuut the service was by far the worst I've ever,had! tracking down someone to take your order for drinks or food is not as easy as you'd think. By the time we found "veronica" we were starving and thirsty. She was very inattentive and we were literally yelling and waving our hands to get her attention, she had no personality and when we told her we were tired of yelling for her she just nodded, no apology what so ever! By the time we got our bill I realized why, they add tip to every bill on Sundays no matter what. So hey why be a nice friendly server when your gguaranted tip anyways right? Only came bbecause of a groupon iI bought, but I def won't be back, she ruined it for us.
2	We were so happy to see this place and give it a try.. We went without checking Yelp and now that I have I see several others have had similar experiences.. Fisrt off the food was good--not great --but good.  We sat outside and it took 3 tripsin over almost 25 minutes to get a waitress.. She came out finallt and took our order but ignores the dirty table in from of us.. When we asked for a rag to clean the table she brought one and then started to hand it to us to wipe off the table.. The look n my face probably frightened her and she decided to do it.  There were 3 of us and only one ever received a drink refill.  They were just iced tea and soda.. Two people ordered wings and one a burger.  No napkins.  Had to ask again.  Pretty much that trend continued  through out our time there and so to sum up--Food is OK--Service is VERY bad and they werent even busy.  Probably make another choice from now on and will say thats disappointing.. Had high hopes.
1	First time here this past sunday 12-17-13 was looking for a nice place to watch the niners game. Me and my buddy eric came down sat at the back bar, service started out good but buy the 4th quarter of the game couldn't get a beer to save my life. Will say food is good when it does come. Not sure if ill be back....
4	This place has an extended Happy Hour, it's almost a Happy HalfDay.  Seems like theres a lot of room inside but we sat outside. I had the burger and I actually forget what my wife had but we both enjoyed it.  Sports on the TV, server was really good and I liked their house drinks.
1	Bouncers here are rude and disrespectful. Decided to check this place out last friday night. One of my friends who was not 21 paid the bouncers 40 bucks to get in. My other friend who is 21 was denied access because the bouncers said they don't allow Jordan sneakers. I went inside to check out the place and besides cheap drinks this place needs a lesson in customer service and federal laws.
4	I'm surprised this place doesn't get good reviews.  I went out here for a night out in Mill with some friends and I had a lot of fun.  This place attracts a very friendly crowd of college kids and young professionals.  What more can you ask for a scene?  You can dance anywhere you like, it's a NINERS bar (I think), and it's a huge venue that's got everything you need in a bar.
4	Came here on a snoozy Tues. afternoon. Happy hour is excellent. Waitress was courteous, and fairly attentive. I think on a busy weekend things could get behind. Big plus was the prices were great for the quality and variety of food.  Best described as a "munchies" menu. Some entree items, but filled with tons of appetizers, all of which were good. The atmosphere was nice, separate booth, with a decent bar selection and some tables. Music was..all over the place- though not crazy loud until later around 6:00. What bumps this up from a 3 star to 4 was the variety, quality and price point of food, as well as the privacy of booths. Would recommend for small groups, casual meetings, and just dinner and drinks with friends. Decimates not a get in and out place, on the hand they don't rush you either. I will most definitely return.
2	I guess if you are going for drinks and typical bar food you would give this place more stars.  I bought a groupon to try the place and was expecting more of a restaurant / bar than just a bar.  I was not sure how to spend my Groupon after seeing it was just a bar (I don't drink).  After trying the food I was waiting for Gordon Ramsey to come through the door but he never did.  So go for the drinks, definitely not the food.  Tried 3 things on the menu and none were good.  The waitress was very good though so kudos to her.
1	African Americans beware, this establishment will judge you based on your appearance as long as you are who you are. I was allowed in because I wasn't a problem for them. I'm wearing slacks a button down shirt and polo boots. Tell me why they needed to discuss if I should be let in? Most of their patrons are wearing jeans, cheap button down shirts and tennis shoes. If this isn't racism at its best in the valley of the sun, I don t know what being oppressed or racially profiled is. Don't f@#! with Gringo Star! They don't like minorities, kittens, or babies.
5	The staff is attentive, the music good and the security is top notch. Always make it a point to hit this spot. The food is actually really great I had the hummus plate and it was fresh and had cooked eggplant, it really did it for me!
5	Came here on a week night after seeing a picture of the burger.  I have to say it was as good if not better than what it looked like. Definitely the best burger on mill.  Highly recommend going when it's not so packed just to eat and grab some drinks
5	My publisher and I stopped here for a quick bite and I had the pesto margarita pizza and ate 1/2 of it and have to say it was amazing I love pesto and cheese so that is hard to screw up, great service too- the sandwich Joe ordered is the one I was eyeballing but knew it would be soggy when I brought what I couldn't eat home for my late night snack- Joe had the ultimate Chicken club which was so yummy that I am craving it now.Nice bartender, hip place and if you want to watch a football game they definitely are the place to go, or any sports for that matter - prices were decent for Mill ave and I'll be back soon
4	I like this place. I arrived at this place on a thursday afternoon 3pm.  i love retro games so the Arcade games inside was great.   The bacon burger was good. They could have used a bigger meat patty but it's okay. Bartender was a hot blonde and the server was a cute looking brunette. :) I will go back to this bar soon. maybe on a Saturday night, hope to meet many good looking college chicks at this place. :)
4	Out of all the bars to go to on Mill, Gringo is the best. It is always a ton of fun and the music is great on the weekends after 10. I wouldn't go here to eat because honestly, who goes to these places to eat? So no comments on the food.Now that El Hefe is open, though, I'm not sure how much longer this will be my number 1 spot in Tempe. Stiff competition.
4	If you're looking to bring back some memories, gringo is the place to be. Not only is the staff on top of it, but the interior, quality, and space is so much fun. I come to gringo at least once a week and it's always popping off Thursday nights. If you're looking for a great time on mill, head here because you won't be disappointed.
5	5 stars in the BAR CATEGORY.The food is waaaaaaay above average for a bar. Surprise attack on my belly. All hands on deck! The menu is short and sweet, but tasty.Many tv's, indoor seating, outdoor seating, sofas, tabletops, barstools, games, 2 bars, etc..Long Happy Hour from 3pm-9pm.Customer service was great. Twice I was asked if I needed help finding the restroom. I laughed because I was simply checking out the property....appearing to be lost. I promised one of the gals I would Yelp her. I didn't get her (their) name(s), but here it is.I've always been a fan of this property, but previous owners keep moving on. I sincerely hope the new owners receive the credit they deserve at Gringo Star Street Bar.The cherry on top...NINER BAR! I can't talk about the 49ers so soon -- It still hurts. However, I will add this bar to my list of "away game" travel destinations. Second to my favorite, 'Typhoon Saloon' in Pacific Beach, San Diego...but MUCH better food.The end.
4	Very laid back place with retro arcade games and Nintendo 64 on some of the wall tables for you to play with old school games.  The service was friendly and pretty quick.  not a fan of the plastic draft beer glasses, that were more like scotch glasses, only knock. Food was pretty good and great happy hour prices on drinks and some snacks. Would definitely like to go back.
1	Never again will I be coming here.I had 2 unfortunate visits and they were both equally painful.First off the bouncers are tools and they all look as if they were suffering from severe constipation. I should be glad that they're working security instead of an occupation that requires intelligences. I was wearing my hat in a normal fashion and they found it to be out of "regulations" so they made me pull down my hat until the brim was touching my eyebrows.Of course, I adjusted my hat to my preferred setting as soon as I got in.Second off the bartender was off in her own world and was very rude because I requested a beer while she was in deep conversation.Don't worry darling your "guy" won't be walking off anytime soon, it seems that he's been drinking heavily and has trouble standing up.Third off, the demographic of people here,Holy geez! some of the most self centered, self entitled group of people I've ever dealt with.I wandered off into someones booth on accident to take a seat and some girl flips out on me like I broke something.Settle down woman, it's 130am there is 30mins left before this place closes. I think the party has already surpassed it's peak.So all this cussing,yelling and name calling is not necessary.As for the second trip? You don't want to know.
1	This bar is horrible. Between my group of girlfriends, there has been 2 incidents of roofies! This place is disgusting and the men are sleazy. As soon as you walk in, they try to shove drinks down your throat so that 15 minutes later, you don't know where you are. LADIES, BEWARE OF THIS PLACE!!!!! It's not a safe spot to be drinking and for some reason they attract the lowest of the low here.
5	Hot girls and hot wings are the two best things about gringo star.  The Mediterranean plate is probably my favorite plate on the menu. Add grilled chicken and you got a meal of champions. Low in calories, high in vitamins and proteins!
1	Hahaha this place is joke....  Because I'm wearing basketball shorts I can't get into the bar really?  First off I have a  non crimal back ground and took one look at me like I'm a fool.  Second of all I've faught for My country and I was in 140 degree heat why would I wear pants when it's nice out and third of all,  they need to get bigger shirts..  Shmediums don't look good if your a bouncer.  I also would have been a high paying customer I make great money I would spend money there but now you lost my business for good but I'll make sure all my friends know don't go there at all they can't afford us to have shorts on...  Oh and another excuse was that they are black short....  This place can stick to the skinny jean society...  Thank you...
1	My purse was stolen in November of 2013. My phone, keys, and wallet among other things were in it. It was unclear if it was a prank or if someone dropped it off somewhere. Regardless, the next afternoon when the bars opened my mom and I went to numerous bars on Mill Avenue. Gringo Star was one of them. I asked the bar tender twice if my purse was found there, told them the color, etc. etc. The bar tender looked at me and said no no one found a purse. He didn't check with anyone else nor leave his post behind the bar. The experience cost me around 500.00 We had to have someone come out and laser cut a key so I could get my car, I had to order a new phone, buy new makeup, and also have my house rekeyed since they had all my keys and my drivers license. March 2014, I receive an email from a friend of mine on Facebook telling me some guy in Tempe has my purse at this restaurant. When I contacted this person and the Manager, I was basically told... woopsies, it was black and it was sitting where the wait staff put their purses so no one knew that it was there. It was not in the lost and found because that bin was TOO full. I went to retrieve it, everything was in the purse except for my phone. All my cards, medicine, makeup, keys, etc just not my phone. I picked the purse up that following saturday and the new bar back offered to buy me a drink next time I came in. Welp thank you for that DRINK... now that you cost me 500.00 when it would have been rectified saved me the 500.00 had someone actually checked the back. I've never had food or drinks at the business but based on this I will not be supporting this business nor recommend it to anyone I know.
5	This place is fantastic. It has officially made it to my favorite place on mill. I was looking for something like this on mill actually. It has a mini arcade, which encompasses a Nintendo 64 with games! (Yes, they have Smash Bros as well as some other popular games, yeah you bet I played on that.) And they have a large dance floor with a DJ - and played a lot of hip hop music (swoon - this place just keeps getting better). I came on a Thursday night and we peaked in at around 11 and it was dead, then came back around at 12:30/1:00 and it was packed. So don't be fooled, it'll get packed for sure, maybe even more than you'll like. But I think it was perfect - just enough people on the dance floor to get it poppin and just enough space to be able to actually move.I was here to drink and dance so I didn't get to try the food, but all of these reviews with photos are making my mouth water and go back for it! Next time!Well the bathrooms were questionable, but not too bad. No lines though, which was good. Oh and there's two bars, one at the front entrance and one around the corner at the back. There are also couches all the way in the back too. Super comfy ones! :)In addition to everything wonderful previously stated, there's also a long patio. I guess the only negative is that the staff were 100% busy all of the time, so they couldn't get to you right away, you'd have to wait. In addition, the floor was massively wet and dirty and should have been cleaned up immediately for all the spillage that occurred that night instead of letting people splash through it. I think they need more staff to be able to stay on top of all the mayhem that continually happens. But overall, it's a great place and is definitely now my favorite on mill ave.
5	Ridiculous food and great service.  The lettuce wraps are out of this world and while I know I cant replicate them at home, I know i will try.  Terrific experience!
5	I'm originally from Chicago so I'm no stranger to good food. I saw this place on groupon and wanted to try it out during my visit to AZ. It was fricken awesome to say the least. The vibe was fun and the food was amazing. My friends and I split the bacon burger, Korean BBQ, and a couple other sides. Everything was delicious and I will definitely come back to Tempe just for this place!!
1	This place is horrible..... i paid for a $9 margarita that was literally salt water. The beer was room temperature. My friend and I went in for happy hour and we asked the waitress what their happy hour menu was and she told us she didn't know and told us she would get back with us on their specials and never did. Finally found the menu hidden under the old nintendo64 console and we ordered the bacon wrapped hotdog, fried ocra, and wings. The food was COLD!!! It sucks because we could've just gone to Hooters upstairs or Big Bang downstairs but we wanted to try something new and we were completley dissapointed. I HIGHLY WARN AGAINST GOING TO THIS PLACE!!! DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
1	At first I like it and had no problem getting in but some of the bouncers are racist! I go to ASU and still got more money then the bouncers but their straight up douche bags and racist! first of minorities beware because if your not white or wearing skinny jeans with cheap chuck Taylors your not getting in no matter what! I'm in a frat and got denied at least 6 times for not having low tops, slacks too baggy, or my hat was too ghetto for them. Plus when you get in the drinks are expensive and their poorly made by the bar tenders who don't care about their work! I wouldn't recommend this bar to any minority because they won't let you in unless your a girl or white male and it use to be nice place that's going down hill fast.
4	I liked the DJ. He was mixing up some dope beats. I dug the crazy video clips they were playing on the screens. I was sippin $4 Bacardi Mango Fusion #OnPoint The bad: Way too many dudes in the bar.   -1 Star
5	Great place with arcade games and skee ball. Service was great. Score high in skee ball to win free drinks!
3	I am probably not the target demographic for this bar, but still decided to stop in one Saturday afternoon for a drink and some quick eats.  The food was cheap and actually pretty decent and they had a good selection of beer.  Nice bartenders too!
4	My sister and I went there post fireworks on the 4th of July. It is like the Tardis. It is totally bigger on the inside. At first you see the bar and think that is it, but then you turn the corner and see 2 N64 video game systems. Needless to say, my sister stayed here most of the evening. Everyone was friendly and although the bartenders were extremely busy, I was able to get my drinks after my turn. After the bar, past the N64's you turn left and it is more games, arcades, skeeball and music. Even past that...you get seats for bottle service and another bar area. It was hard to find a good spot to dance, but the music was good, the people who work there were friendly and efficient and the only reason I didn't give it five stars is because it was hard to dance (but it may not be intended for that) and I didn't try the food, so it is not my place to rate the food. Really nice surprise. Thanks for a great night!
4	Place is fun to go if you want to do some day drinking, at nights meh. Watched the US game vs Portugal and one of the bartenders handed everyone sitting at the bar a free round of beers which was most excellent. Other times during the day I have enjoyed myself with friends drinking and playing games. At night it just turns into the standard over packed, loud, and slow service bars. I still enjoy stopping in right around 9 to get drinks then head else where.
4	I came around 3pm for happy hour, got the bacon burger, the shredded beef, n the fries.  Burger was good, not the best but good.  Shredded beef was good but I couldnt finish the bread. Kinda dry but not bad at all.  Fries were covered with cheese,  mmmm.  Sexy lookin bartenders, friendly n cute.  Free arcade style video games, fun.  Casual atmosphere, nothing fancy.  Music good.  Cool place to grab a drink n some apps.  Bye Felicia!
5	Fun college bar with good food! It does get pretty crowded because it's so popular. If you want to avoid the crowds, don't go after about 11:00 PM, if you like the crowds and the action, you'll love it after 11 PM. I wish they would make the patio no smoking.
1	Well first of all it is a great place to be good music and decent drink prices. The stupid part is the "dress code" not sure if they are aware but mill ave isnt the most glamorous place in AZ. I wasn't allowed in cause of my high tops, which is stupid cause more then 95% of people on mill wear them, the worst part was I was wearing boot cut pant so no ome could see what shoes I was wearing. This place lost a regular customer.
1	I was squished against the bar until I couldn't breathe. And the guy wasn't kicked out. They are full of ratchets
1	Horrible experience. I went for my birthday YES MY BIRTHDAY.. I wore Jordan's because it was MY BIRTHDAY... Security guard said  and I quote, "sorry people with high top shoes and or Jordan's not allowed"... Me: "why" .. Security guard: "problems people cause problems"... What a stereotypical type of answer SMH.. I showed him my ID said cmon man its my bday he said "sorry rules are rules".. Guys please copy and paste this and post it every social media you know about... Lets bring these guys down like we did the big bang.   NO JUSTICE NO PEACE.. African Americans with Jordans.. Latinos stand up and let's bring this place down...
5	I've been here twice before for late night partying and both times it was awesome energy and good vibes.  I finally made it in for lunch last Wednesday because I keep hearing they have awesome food.  I have now officially found my new favorite burger spot!!!!  I had the Smashed Burger with pickles and I think it even had thousand island dressing.  It was really frigen good and my bartender was super nice too.  I highly recommend this spot for the food as well as the partying.  My only complaint is that I had trouble finding a place to park...
1	Bouncer went totally insane, stole my ID and started yelling at me saying he was going to call the cops and get me arrested if I didn't walk away. I will definitely tell everyone I know to never come here unless they want to go to the DMV to get a new ID the next day. I should have called the cops for theft - these people are batshit crazy.
1	We have been sitting, waiting for food and beverage service for at least 15 minutes.  We have even gone up to the bar asking for service to our table with no luck.  Pretty ridiculously poor service for a bar right on Mill.
2	Overall, the bar is ok. The arcade theme is cool and the staff is friendly, but I cannot be the only one who cannot stand the smell! Among my friend group, I rarely propose going to Gringo Star because I cannot stand the smell of this place. I was there last night and it smelled like sewage was just hanging out in the entrance area. When it doesn't smell like sewage, it smells like bleach. It's such a cool bar! Why???
3	Cool place with a good dj on the weekends. The bar gets crowded at times but it's bearable. I think the worst thing about the place are the bouncers, especially the one with a faux hawk, he eyes you like a hawk to see what you're wearing, I mean come on this is mill after all, not vegas or scottsdale, even then. I've seen people get dress coded like no other at this place.  I'm not sure if you have to have a certain look to come here or they don't want certain people in their bar but they will try to dress code you or someone in your group for the dumbest little things.
5	Awesome food, awesome prices, and great service.  If you're here on a Saturday afternoon to watch the games, or on a Friday night to rage and have a blast, this place does it all.
5	Always fun times at Gringo. Best place for Arizona State football pregames. Perfect location on Mill, fun music, plus there's ARCADE GAMES, so duh. Bottle service without the crazy pricing and full size kegs. Do a keg stand, I dare you.
5	Awesome place. Really fun crowd. Had fun for ASU game days. Benny Benassi was unreal there... Highly recommend
5	One of my faves on mill. Super cool atmosphere. Great staff. Awesome djs. Stephen & Hartley are great managers and always make sure everyone is taken care of and having a blast. Most fun spot during ASU football games. Probably more fun than being at the games themselves.
5	Great spot, always packed, awesome people and hands down the best spot to celebrate a SunDevil Victory!
5	I haven't reviewed this place in a while despite the fact that I go there reasonably often.  I'm not a night club patron.  I'm a Saturday Afternoon ASU Football patron.  There is no place better...NO PLACE BETTER than Gringo if you want local color, fun and football.  Sit on the patio (its really loud inside)...super easy to see the flat screens.  Very attentive waitresses.  The food is fun...ok this isn't James Beard Award winning fare but it isn't supposed to be...its solid, bar fare with creative flare.  On game day, get there a few hours before game time, get a spot on the patio, order food and drinks and watch the game.  Its a really fun crowd.  I always say, if you can't have fun at Gringo Star, you need to check for a pulse.
4	Fun! I love video games. From SD and we have a place sort of like this but this one is def larger and has more games. Good times.
5	The bar tender hartly was awesome I have been here before but the service tonight was great
1	I'm new to the area and had a friend visiting from out of state so we decided to try out some bars on Mill. Clearly we walked into the wrong bar. I don't know if we didn't fit the look they like to have there (trashy......?) or what? Maybe we were dressed a little too nice or something. We sat down at the bar and were ignored for a good 10 minutes and then we each ordered a Long Island. The guy comes back with our drinks in those big, red, plastic coca-cola water cups... With what tasted like pure soda. $9 sodas. Really?! And not a single other person had drinks in those giant water cups. Who serves a Long Island in a coca-cola water cup??? Stupid bartenders I guess. We asked if he could make it stronger and he rambled something about it being some percentage alcohol and then walked away. We were about to just walk out when he came over and poured a "Long Island mix" into the cup. They don't even know how to make a real Long Island. Anyway, it tasted terrible although slightly stronger so we drank half of them and walked out. Will never return.
4	Fun place. Been here a few times with friends. The arcade in the back is a really cool touch and gets busy on the weekends. Fun bar, cold beer, cool crowd.
4	Home of the AZ49erEmpire during the football season. Great friendly staff!
