4	Santropol was one of the places I would routinely take visiting friends when I lived in Montreal, sometimes as a kind of counterpoint to Schwartz's. The atmosphere at Santropol is laid-back without trying too hard, and the interior has its own homey charm, so that it's worth visiting even when the huge and lush rear patio is closed during the winter.I'm not a big fan of vegetarian dishes, but I never had a sandwich from Santropol that wasn't totally satisfying. They're always big, fresh, and fill you right up; the fillings, based on cream cheese but flavoured in various different ways with vegetable purees and spices, are delicious and definitely not boring.
4	I totally agree with Luke and Ari S. but while he doesn't like the ginormous bread, I do.  And although I dislike cream cheese, I long ago learned that I could ask for food without the things I'm not fond of.Excellent place to walk down to after a walk in the park.
5	This was the first vegetarian-friendly restaurant I ever ate at. The idea of eating differently from how I was raised simply never really occurred to me until I got to university. Everyone and their dog was a vegetarian or had gone iron-deficient by dabbling in it at one point in their life. It all started to make a bit more sense to me after I dined at Cafe Santropol. I will never forget their decadent and thick homemade rye bread and their triple-decker sandwiches with layers of nut-and-seed filled cream cheeses. Exotic fruits decorated the plates, and there was always more than I could eat. I tried a few things, but my favourite was the tuna, tomato and cream cheese sandwich. The combo was mouth-watering, and for years afterwards I'd try to recreate it at home. On every trip back to Montreal I've stopped in here to introduce their culinary creations to a friend and get another taste. They have a gorgeous, lush patio out back, fenced in and private. The dimly-lit restaurant is an old house where you can sip fruit teas for hours and study or laze away a summer afternoon.
5	The most colorful, enormous, and cutely creative sandwiches. Pleasant outdoor patio in the rear garden. Quirky design, friendly staff, good side dishes. Close to the park if you opt to take your huge sandwich onto the grass. My absolute favorite: the No. 13 on the monster, three-story sandwich list, with hearty slices of bananas, slabs of cream cheese, drizzled honey, and blackcurrant jam.
4	It's good sandwiches but they won't change your life.  I think its a Montreal institution and the garden is cute.
4	What I really like about Cafe Santropol is that they leave you alone to work, they play great music and their coffee is always dependably good.The waiters I've had here have always been really friendly and not demanding... totally cool with you just ordering a coffee and take your sweet ass time.The last time I was there the waiter asked me if I needed a piece of paper to draw on when he saw me, pen in hand, furiously marking up an article. ...That's pretty good service, no?It doesn't hurt that it's a great location either.
5	I still dream of their sandwiches and teas.  It's a cute, creative sandwich place with a hippie-ish feel located close to the plateau's shops and apartments.
5	A Montreal Plateau classic. I recommend the Killer Tomato or chili.
4	Awesome place to come for lunch...great soup and sandwiches (very unique). Also, in the summer they have a nice big patio outside.If you're into hot sauces, make sure you ask as they have about 10 different ones you can try!
4	Santropol = sandwiches. Loads of the sandwiches have cream cheese which I normally don't like but somehow the sandwiches are still delicious. I highly recommend the Killer Tomato. I've been meaning to try the carrot cake -- I've spied huge portions of cake topped with ice cream and fresh fruit on other people's plates. A bit pricey but the sandwiches are huge.
5	excellent offbeat sandwiches and original home made soup.i never thought cream cheese could be used in so many different ways, with so many different accompanying flavors. i was VERY skeptical when i first saw the menu, but have been more than satisfied with everything i've ever ordered here.there is a great backyard patio which is open during the summers. best of all, this place is a stone's through from the mountain, and we all know that nature + tasty sandwich = best thing ever.
4	The patio is great for hanging out.  its lit with Christmas lights and has a garden with a small fountain.  this place is adorable.  Get the Killer Tomato, the Duluth, or the Santropol.  Those are my favorite sandwiches.  These three sandwiches are super cheesy - which is my first love.  Keep in mind i like my cream cheese to be almost as thick as my bagel for breakfast...   But if you are not into that, a good call is to share 2 different sandwiches between 2 people...  :)The hippy waiters and staff are really chill, but sometimes you may end up waiting a while to be served.  But i guess that's the vibe of the place.  Just hang out and enjoy the garden or even the coziness of the inside.  :D
4	I wish I could transport this place to Chicago - if Cafe Santropol were in Chicago I'd be here constantly.  Though I'm sure the garden is better enjoyed in daytime, I wound up here on a warm lovely night and still enjoyed sitting outside (bonus: spot the cats!  Those with cat allergies and/or opposed to dining in restaurants with animals should choose another establishment).I ordered the No. 13 (the menus are in French and English, yay!), which is a giant sandwich on brown bread with blackcurrant jam, bananas, honey and cream cheese...and, lettuce.  The lettuce was weird, though overall the sandwich was quite good.  Other reviewers are right, Cafe Santropol is seriously heavy on the cream cheese and it seems to be featured in almost every sandwich. I also ordered a chai soy latte, which was great.  You can tell they actually brew the tea rather than using the prepackaged stuff like most places do.I lingered far after I was done eating, just enjoying the ambiance on the patio (and yes, fine, eavesdropping on my fellow diners).  I never felt rushed or as though the staff wanted me to leave.  Cafe Santropol would be great for lunch or dinner and would also be a fantastic place to waste a few hours with friends.  If only we had something like this at home...
4	Really tasty sandwiches and friendly staff.  The sandwich options are a bit wild, but it helps me explore.  They are also super healthy, but still tasty.  These sandwiches are big though, so be sure you have the knife and fork ready.
4	Am a big fan of this socially conscious restaurant.  Check out their garden out back, as them about their meals on wheels program.  Very cool.Great sandwiches, but like others have said, you gotta like the bread -- and cream cheese, but you can get hummus instead, and they pile on the veggies/meat.  Cute, comfy interior, and excellent coffee.  Please check it out if you are going to the park.
5	Beautiful place, friendly staff, delicious food. What more could you ask for? The garden at the rear of the cafe is gorgeous during the summer. You can also tell that the people who work there genuinely love being there. I can't rave about this place enough.
4	If you want sandwiches and soup, the ingredients are extremely fresh, the portions are huge, and the prices are reasonable.  3 things you don't find together very often.We sat on the outdoor patio because the weather was excellent.  I started with the spicy carrot-apple puree soup... something I was unsure about at first but it sounded better than the vegetable soup.  It turned out to be delicious.  I followed this up with the "Pepper Island" sandwich, with pesto cream cheese, chicken salad, and chopped peppers (a replacement for the missing jalapeno jelly).  Trust me when I say that mere mortals do not need a full sandwich portion if you get soup.  A half portion should be plenty, and you will not hate yourself afterwards.Wash it all down with one of their special soda floats.  I went with the maple-spice soda float.  I felt like I was drinking soda water that had been hypersaturated with maple sugar infused sugar and topped with a scoop of ice cream.  It was amazing.-1 star for generally slow, inattentive service.  Perfect if you want to laze about and study textbooks (which many were doing) but if you actually have a timetable it's kind of annoying.  The food is amazing here, so just come mentally prepared.
2	stopped in here without reading any reviews because we were in the area and it had nice outdoor seating. okay so first off the service was kinda bad. we waited for a while for someone to come over and greet us, and even longer for him to come back and take our orders. apparently they all split tips and worked together, so you can ask anyone to help you. but the food was a huge disappointment. I got a soup and half sandwich and the soup was amazing. the sandwich... okay. first they told me I had to get it with cream cheese, and if I didn't all the other toppings would just fall out. so fine, cream cheese. I ordered it with chicken, which i thought meant chicken deli meat. wrong, chicken means CHICKEN SALAD, which I don't eat. I told this to another server (because my waiter never came over to check on us) and she just brought me another plate to take the chicken salad off the sandwich. but it was covered in mayo (which is the reason I don't eat chicken salad) so it was kinda pointless, plus I wanted a real sandwich not a veggie one. so I just didn't eat my sandwich at all. we waited forever for our check, but finally we stopped someone and they then explained they all work together and we pay at the register. overall, it was horrible service, and a  horrible sandwich (my boyfriends, which he did eat, he was unhappy with as well). maybe it would be better if the menu was clearer and they were up front about how they served, but I'd still think they should have checked on us or at least offered another sandwich or something, rather than a plate to take the chicken salad that I didn't know would be there based on the "add chicken" option on the menu. I would NEVER go back, and hopefully if you do go this all was sufficient warning :)
2	Such useless staff, rude and useless. And the sandwich? BOF, had the ham and pineapple and after returning it because they forgot the ham, I was disappointed to find only 5 straggly pieces of pineapple in the entire sandwich. By the way, cream cheese is good, but go easy, more is not better. If it weren't for the back garden and the delicious soups, this place would have gone out of business a long time ago.
4	hearty and hefty clever sandwiches that won't let you go hungry and with a mindful mission? i appreciate santropol and its vegetarian option soups and sandwiches, not to mention the wi-fi i parttake when i am eating said eatables. the interior lends itself to a modern, cozy and easy space that is just right for studying, reading, or soaking up some quiet. next time, some garden seating will be a priority. i appreciate the food and serving sizes but would like some more attention from the staff. next tie i visit, santropol will likely be on my list again however, i do see a shortage of pocs (people of color), but perhaps that is just montreal's hip artistic  scene in general. [an obvious 3.5 stars]
1	Cafe Santropol is quite accurately epitomized by the inner contradictions of the bougie bohemian faux-poor middle class plateau kids that make up its clientele. It tries to look cute with its wooden-y interior featuring random shit on the walls, and crappy old chairs, and it tries to promote green stuff that sounds remotely activisty with its organic coffee and huge sandwiches that taste like the earth and are heaped with vegetables, but none of these things can hide the the basic truth about Santropol cafe: its food is bland and SO overpriced. Everytime I have been dragged here by some vegetarian or bike-riding friend of a friend I have been disappointed and ultimately just felt like I would have been better off eating fucking mcdonalds. At least my wallet wouldn't have felt pillaged. Not only was the food at best sub-par, but the service here is some of the most charmless and lazy that I have experience in Montreal - and to single out a place in that city for being the absolute worst is no small comment, which I'm sure anyone who lives there understands. My big beef with santropol is that it has to pick an aesthetic. Either it can improve its service and the flavour of its food and keep its price point, or remain a lazy alright-tasting hippy joint but make its menu appropriately cheap. Right now it's just a bum pissing in an alleyway wearing a chinchilla fur coat. wtf.
5	Awesome ambiance. inside is funky old pressed tin ceilings & architectural salvage abounds...I want my house to look like this. The garden terrace in the back is so beautiful & relaxing when the weather permits. It can be a busy place though...one of those restaurants where you kind of have to stay conscious of how long you've been waiting for your order in case the staff needs a 'nudge'...Best to be zen, but aware nonetheless. Funny that most of my favourite restaurants seem to be like this. I think a bit of polite nudging is worth it, considering the quality of what finally arrives. Don't arrive there starving & agitated, you will just ruin the place for yourself...and that would be a shame. It's the kind of place you bring a new love interest to, that way you are completely absorbed in the conversation and staring into each other's eyes, and touching each other's hands...you are eventually awakened by the arrival of plates overflowing with beautiful, healthy, delicious food. Enjoy!
3	It's wonderful to find a restaurant with a large selection of vegetarian sandwiches, fresh soup, beautiful salads and house-made tea. It;s even more wonderful when the building has antique pressed tin tiles on the walls and ceiling, the original old wood bar, a sunny back room, and grows their own gigantic sprouts. The vegetables are colorfully selected, crisp and orginally spiral cut.BUT, a few things to keep in mind. The service is close to abysmal. The boyfriend and I waited a half an hour after we ordered to receive our water and coffee (well, only his coffee arrived), and we would have walked out, except that our food came at exactly the same time. The food itself is tasty but certainly not gourmet - more like your creative college roommate who just discovered that you came put a giant amount of cream cheese on just about everything.  Know that you're going in for a nice sandwich and hopefully a nice seat by a window, nudge the staff (if you can find them) and don't even think about it if you're in a rush.
3	I like this spot but the service was a bit curt.  I like the large bread sandwiches especially when walking on a cold day.  The sandwich soup special is a great deal for a filling meal.  Free wifi is easy with no password to deal with.  I'll definitely go back after a walk through Park Mont Royal
5	I've been coming here for over 10 years and this is a great sandwich place in Montreal and has been consistently so for as long as I've been coming here. For years I stuck with just getting the Killer Tomato sandwich  (cream cheese and sun-dried tomatoes) but have ventured over to the Northern Lights (cream cheese, olives, and roasted pecans) and the Pepper Island (pesto, cream cheese, and jalapeno jelly) in more recent years.  All are delicious but keep in mind you have to be a fan of cream cheese to fully appreciate their greatness (some friends have complained that there is too much for their liking). They also have great milkshakes and coffee.   Great place to hang out on the patio in the summer or warm up in the winter. Very casual for doing work or just reading a book.
5	You would be a mad mad mad half insane half crazy fool of a boob to not eat here if you like sandwiches. Hell, even if you don't like sandwiches you should be eating here because the food is that good.The vibe is below low key and you might accidentally write a poem or sonnet while you blissfully day dream about fresh baked bread and the goodness that will appear between those slices of heaven. Fear not though because you will be in good company and there are plenty of books to steer you around any writer's blocks you may encounter. If that doesn't help, have a drink or three. The ice cream sodas are wonderful as are their desert coffees.You will find numerous little odds and ends hiding in every nook and cranny of the back room. From harlequins playing the lute to monkeys in ancient diving helmets playing the stand up bass, there is something for everyone's visual cortex to ponder endlessly.I was lucky enough to get my chops on the jambon a la menthe. Fresh ham with cucumber, mint jelly and apples. So, so good.Go! Go now I say!
4	Ten years later, this place totally doesn't disappoint. I initially came here when visiting friends who were going to McGill. I think I ate there every single day I was in Montreal during my previous visit (sadly, ten years ago, though I plan on rectifying that asap) I like the homey vibe, the friendly servers and how they tolerated my franglais. I also like the somewhat creepy minarets. They added a touch of magic to my already awesome sandwich.You know when the bread is fluffy between your fingers, and is slightly crusty on the outside, which gives a textural experience as well as a tasty experience? Welllll, the pumpernickel bread was THAT good. Awesome.I would like to try all of the sandwiches at some point, and would definitely recommend the smoked ham sandwich.Also, I got an espresso that was poured over some vanilla ice cream. Heaven.
2	I have no problem with the decor, the faux-activisty set up (the meals on wheels program has no connection to the cafe) and the location. But when I hear out-of-towners call it an institution, I realize they are on to something: a tourist trap! (The ravers all seem to be tourists on a nostalgia rip)I can't imagine spending this sort of money on what anybody can prepare in their own home: a bunch of ingredients between sliced bread.Sorry, but I go out to see people make food I don't know how to make.I can see why people would think the staff to be rude or sullen, or even charmed by the servers 'patience with franglais' (this is one of the most anglo establishments in the city) Could be summed up as the typical venue a McGill Student would want to take their visiting aunt after a walk in the park, which in itself, is not an easy market!
3	We went here with Quebecois friends who recommended it.  A very nice local spot, the patio is a lovely place to sit on a summer day and the prices are right.  The sandwiches come on the thickest, but also softest, bread you've ever seen.  The 1/2 sandwich-1/2 soup special is definitely worth it; our soup du jour was a nice borscht.  I had the vegan sweet root, although looking back it was a bit too light.  Would be nice if they had more options that didn't use cream cheese to create taste.Santropol loses a start for the slow service, which may have been due to our particular waiter, but still....the bill took forever to come, the waiter said there was no way to coordinate soups arriving with sandwiches (suggested instead that soups may just as well arrive before or after the sandwiches as the kitchen pleased).  It was a busy day to be sure, but more attention would have been nice.
4	We would have never found this little hidden gem near the park Mont Royal had it not been for the Lonely Planet!  All the reviews are right, this place rocks, the food is incredible and the coffee drinks (or all the drinks for that matter) looked amazing.  However the service was too slow and I did not get my coffee and biscotti :( Oh well.  I did have the mango madness with chicken salad and when it arrived I was like oh no way can I eat this whole thing but I surely did!  The bread as others have said is the softest, biggest and freshest you will lay your hands on.  Only drawbacks were the girls sitting behind us who had the most annoying laughs ever and the slow service.  On the other hand, the vibe is chill and low key and the patio is pretty fab.
1	i love sandwiches, and since i don't eat meat, a place that specializes in veggie sandwiches should presumably be a good fit. i ordered the tomato sandwich which had an extremely appetizing description, boasting about sun-dried tomatoes and some other fixings. i was absolutely, devastating unimpressed with the result. the bread was thick, and although the inside was quite soft and squishy, the outside was hard to chew. and because of it's massive proportions, it sorta towered over the meager components- literally 4 small slices of tomato, one leaf of lettuce, and cream cheese (with tiny chunks of sundried tomato hidden within) sparsely covering the middle of the sandwich. majority of the experience consisted of me chewing dry bread. seriously. maybe i'm spoiled because my wife makes such amazing veggie sandwiches, but this is actually the worst restaurant experience i've had in as long as i can remember. i can think of 2000 better places i would have liked to spend my $9. and that's just off the top of my head.high reputation DOES NOT EQUAL good food.
3	Certainly local and personal but not necessarily memorable. I believe too much enthusiasm stems from how cute and unique Santropol is. Certainly looks good from every perspective and offers the luxury of outdoor and covered lunch but the food offer is not that great.Surely the sandwiches sound appealing with their fruity ingredients but make sure you understand that you will have jelly and not actual fruits. Hence my disappointment: the taste wasn't bad but I felt that the sandwiches were way too sweet. More, although the cream cheese is pretty good, the load is way to heavy and does not combine that well with the jelly. Don't get me wrong: it wasn't bad tasting but I felt that the food would gain in interest by balancing the cream cheese and the jelly more accurately. Furthermore, drinks are okay but still way to heavy and the service was pretty long despite a relatively calm afternoon.Very Montreal, although not at its best.
1	Not the best place to go if you're allergic to dairy.Basically all the sandwiches have cream cheese as a main ingredient. I ordered the veggie pate sandwich with tomatoes and had a cup of gazpacho with it. The gazpacho was huge and pretty good, but the sandwich was not very tasty. I found that there was too much bread, and the veggie pate didn't have the best flavour. I didn't finish it, despite being really hungry when I arrived. Also, the bread was dry and not toasted.The Hubster had a chicken salad sandwich, which he said was pretty underwhelming. He was pretty put off by the fact that they don't serve alcohol.Aside from that, they have a gorgeous back patio and good service.
5	Santropol is definitely a deserved institution. Apparently, they started as an attempt to save the block from urban-renewal demolition. That puts this place in the hall of fame for this urban planner. They have the chillest atmosphere of near any place in Montreal - their insane backyard is sublime, and it's cozy on the inside as well. For a vegetarian, Santropol is one of the best bets you can make. The menu is almost completely devoted to the art of the sandwich. This is an understandable focus given the location in French North America - but I'm not a super fan of sandwiches. Despite this, they offer enough variety to keep me coming back on a regular basis.
4	The Killer Tomato Sandwich is to die for!  Enough said.  It's cream cheese heaven (with tomatoes).  The waiter was really nice too! :)  I would definitely come back.
3	The food is amazing, the place is really special and price are good but the staff!!! OMG, I've rarely seen poor service like that in North America. I mean WOW... they are completely disorganized. You speak to 3 waitresses that don't speak to each other and it is terribly long to get your order. Food worth the wait but don't go there if you are not free for 3 hours.
4	Here is what you should do: go to Santropol some early weekday afternoon in the summer. Sit in the garden, or in the sunroom in the back, somewhere warm, but shady, breezy, comfortable where you can smell the flowers and the trees and the coffee roasting and the bread baking. Order a killer tomato sandwich with hot peppers and an iced herbal tea. Take your time to look around, read a book off the shelves, ask about the history, get a bag local fair trade coffee on your way out. Wander up Duluth through the park toward the mountain. Take a nap on the grass. When you wake and wander your way home, make a pot of Santropol's delicious Montreal roast and give your yourself a small congrats back pat from me for a day well done.
4	Heard about this cafe online, listed among the top 10 restaurants in Montreal.  If we hadn't read about it online, I doubt we ever would've found it.  Not sure if there's even a sign out front, but we had the address.  (It's on the corner of Rue St.-Urbain and Duluth.)  It's a popular spot for students and locals, alike, so definitely check it out.  It might be off the beaten path a bit, located in a mostly-residential area, but it's definitely worth the trip.We ordered standard sandwiches (ham and cheese, roast beef and cheese) but were served anything but "standard."  The sandwiches were HUGE.  They were served on monster-sized pumpernickel bread--fresh beyond belief!  The sandwiches were also nicely complemented with a delicious salad.  The menu is mostly sandwiches and soups, all moderately priced for those of us on a tight budget.  Lunch for two cost about $25.The decor is cozy--a tad bohemian and earthy.  There are a lot of plants and natural light streaming in through the back door and windows, as well as through the skylights.  The waitstaff is friendly and bi-lingual.  So, the next time you're in the city, stop by for a relaxing bite with friends or family.  You'll be glad you did.
3	great and original ambiance with decent soups and good coffee. Although the chai tea lattes are not drinkable and the sandwiches are only good if you like cream cheese.
3	The service wasn't stellar but the decor makes up for it. There is adorable little secret garden seating in the back where you can watch birds and squirrels play while you eat.The menu is rather expansive and the portions are large but as others have mentioned many of the choices are cream cheese based. Definitely a unique restaurant and worth a try once, at least.
3	This place was so chaotic and is in need of more employees (preferably non hippies /hipsters)We waited in line for 15 for a table (plenty of empty ones just no one was around to seat us) Once we were seated we waited another 15 minutes before someone came over and the only reason they came over is because another customer acknowledged that we arrived before him and his family (Thank You Kind Sir ). They stop serving brunch at 11:30 so we needed up ordering sandwiches Tuna for me and Chicken Salad for KP. The portions are HUGE and the sandwich itself was ok. I was more a fan of the bread it was very good. I also tried a cassis soda which was try refreshing. Sandwiches are usually not my go to hangover food but it helped and this places was dangerously close to our apt. After tax and tip it came out to be about 13 each. We had to pay in the front and waited about 10 minutes to do that I wish you could deducted your time being wasted from the cost of your meal,I probably wouldn't rush back here but brunch gets stellar reviews and a friend of a friend swears by it every time he's in town so next time maybe ....
4	As the other reviews highlight:1). The sandwiches are giant; delicious fresh bread, with innovatively solid spreads and fillings, and garnished with slices of oranges or melons, which is lovely.  The cherry on the cake, so to say.2). The coffee and desserts are well-done as well.3). The clientele is hip.  This is a plus for some, and a minus for others.4). The interior is homey and eclectic; the garden seating area is a heavenly place in the summer.Definitely worth a visit for 1).
4	Love their sandwiches, really quirky place with a lot of character. Really great place to chill back at, but also can get pretty busy at times.
3	We stopped here to grab some sandwiches to go have a mini-picnic at Parc du Mont-Royal.  The sandwiches were quite good.  The bread was fresh & flavorful; the fillings were unique & good combination choices.The only thing that impeded my enjoyment was the excess of cream-cheese-based spreads.  I'm lactose-intolerant ...& I knew what I was getting into to some degree.  I just thought that the ratio of spread to veggies was a little off-kilter.Also, bonus points for environmentally friendly takeaway containers!
3	Beautiful restaurant. O.k food.
2	No fanfare.
4	We chose this cafe for the adorable outside terrace--shady/sunny in August and so green!  A fountain splashes in the background too.  Menu is quite limited--mostly teas, coffees, and other bevs.  We had a very satisfying breakfast:  one of us had the Eggs Florentine and added plantains and bacon to it.  Delicious poached eggs, with a chopped tomato & onion condiment.  Sauce on the side; grilled plantains were delicious and the bacon crisp.  My husband had oatmeal with poached pear and real maple syrup.  Also excellent.  The service was attentive and friendly.  Free WiFi, too.  Recommended.
4	One of my favourite restaurants in Montreal. I remember discovering this place with its charming back patio green oasis in the heart of the Plateau almost twenty years ago, and have gone back every time I return to Montreal since. Anyone I've ever taken there for lunch is happy with their meal, which is pretty much a giant sandwich on fresh pumpernickel bread and either a soup or salad. The sandwich options are pretty unique and it's hard to make a decision about which one would be the most interesting and delicious. I always opt for smoked salmon. I would recommend that if not ordering the smoked salmon, then get the chicken salad addition to the sandwich, otherwise you're looking at a lot of bread and cream cheese with other accent toppings, like nuts or spreads. The chicken salad is divine and they'll add it to any sandwich. The soups are ALWAYS good - typically a lentil-based option or a gazpacho. Very hipster in feel, with a little bit of original legit artist/hippie vibe.
4	Another of my go-to places. Service can be annoyingly spotty at times, but when it's good, the place is worth it for the good stick- to -your ribs soups and monster-sized sandwiches. There is a soup/sandwich special before 4 PM and the cakes are the old fashioned home baked variety. One can relax, enjoy one's food and soak in the laid back, hippie atmosphere;no hurry or pressure to finish and leave. In summer IF one is lucky to get a spot on the outside terrace, one can enjoy one's meal al fresco.
4	Santropol! How many first dates, friendly lunches, long university reading sessions, hungover solitary coffee ravishings? Whither flow the sandwiches of time? I am a big fan of their carroty-raisiny veggie pate and their simple salads. All of their sandwiches are huge - the tuna will feed you for 2 days (if you are 5"2'), but Santropol is really about being the meat between the slices of LIFE that is its atmosphere. The stamped tin ceiling, murals, old books and wooden everything along with the beauuutiful leafy backyard make this the kind of place every Montrealer is happy to visit over and over. I recommend asking 'light on the cream cheese' if you don't like it to be more than 2 centimeters thick. Service wise, it varies. The place is bigger than it looks so the wait is usually justified. Take it in stride and enjoy their secondary function as highly mobile lusting targets.
4	I'm surprised this place has only 3.5 stars. Went there today since it was right besides where I was staying and ordered a sandwich & a latte. (The latte was really good, strong favor and they garnished it w/ a strawberry) I later found out that they roast their coffee bean locally. The sandwich was delicious and big and has a lot of cream cheese (which not everybody like but I do)..I could only finish half and have to box their other half. You can taste the freshness of the ingredients, and o they made their own break as well, which is pretty awesome. All their ingredients are organic and they have vegan options as well. The wifi was free. There's also outdoor sitting at the back but I didn't go there since it was raining.
2	Starting with the food - the sandwiches were really good.  I had the Killer Tomato with added Chicken Salad - solid.  The salads were large and colorful.  The house bread was light and tasty. Costs were reasonable.I have no complaints about the the actual menu, however the place drops several stars in my book because of poor service - which was somewhere between apathetic and F* You.  The waiter for example, brought 4 forks with our meal (4 people, makes sense right?), but only 2 napkins.  Attempts to flag him down for more napkins resulted in us being visibly ignored.  We ended up getting our own napkins from the inside kitchen.  He never made another appearance at our table after that.  We had to ask how we pay, which I guess we were supposed to infer that we were table #45 to tell the cashier up front.4 stars for food1 star for service2.5 total
4	The food is just fine, but it's the service and the phenomenal back patio that make this place shine!
5	Probably my best restaurant in town. I love their fresh foods and the whole place. There's a spot in the front with big windows and books, and in the back when it's warm enough, you get the lovely terrasse. Inside, it can get a bit noisy, but the decor is wonderful. Kind of fairy-like.They also don't mind at all when you sit for hours staring at your laptop or have a good book.Great prices, great food, very nice staff, wi-fi, lots of plants.
5	You know how you sometimes re-visit places you used to go to, years earlier, and you find that they've changed - and not for the better? Well, on a recent trip to Montreal with my two kids, I decided to take them to all my old haunts. I was saddened to see that so many were either gone or just....sad and run down. So I was THRILLED to return to San Tropol to discover it was just the same, wonderful, eclectic place as it was back in my McGill days (1980-1983)!!!! The whole restaurant was the same, the set-up was the same, and the fabulous food was the same!We sat outside in the lovely courtyard terrasse, and it was as pretty as always - perhaps prettier, even, with a cobalt blue fence with happy yellow details, a small central garden with small statues, and strung lights from the trees. Intimate and pretty. The restaurant interior is as warm as it was 30 years ago, with various sections and two central washrooms (the latter are small, unisex, and be forewarned: the door on one washroom never closes or locks. Yikes). Embossed metaled coffered tiles line the ceiling and walls, with large, opened garage door "windows" and overhead fans in the summertime, creating a breezy space. The menu is still great, with humongous cream cheese-based sandwiches made from fresh bread. I was saddened to see that my "Sisters of Jeanne Mance" sandwich was no longer offered (it was my old standby), but thankfully they still had the "Northern Lights" (with olives. A family favorite!), and they had some new offerings which were delicious: the "No. 6.5" with bananas and black currents and honey was amazingly delicious! And my youngest kid had the "Mango Madness" which she loved (she said it was a bit spicy, though - and very messy! But she ate the whole thing). The cauliflower and cheddar soup was a bit bitter, and my kids said it had a bit of an off aftertaste, but they doctored it up with a bit of sugar and then said it was great. The accompanying side salads were small but good, and the salad dressing was excellent.For dessert we shared the carrot cake, and it was a moist as I remember. It could have used a bit more icing, but it was delicious. And the chai latte and the cafes au lait were wonderful, and presented beautifully in pretty glasses with fruit as garnishes. In fact, all the dishes were plated and presented beautifully, with lovely fruit garnishes.Our server was nice, despite her manning many tables, we didn't have to wait long at all. Parking on the street can be problematic, so I recommend going at off times.This restaurant is truly a gem. I can't recommend it strongly enough.
5	This is one of my favourite places of all time. I had heard great things about this cafe before venturing there myself but was a bit apprehensive because I had heard that a number of their sandwiches are stacked with cream cheese. I am not a cream cheese fan so that does limit the menu for me quite a bit - but their non cream cheese options are to die for. The place is adorable. What a wonderful little hideaway in the the middle of Montreal. It's very quaint and has the most wonderful outdoor patio (unfortunately since it's Montreal it only gets utilized some of the year). All of the ingredients are so amazingly fresh. The sandwiches are served on giant fresh pumpernickel bread. The fixings in the sandwiches are amazing. I used to be a hummus sandwich fan, there hummus is made onsite and is delicious, but then I got turned onto the Sweet Root sandwich. This sandwich is by far my favourite sandwich of all time. It's delicious and so unique. It probably the thing I miss most about living in Montreal and it's the one thing that I always make sure to get when I go back to Montreal to visit. Also, you need to try the coffee. So delicious. This place is a must in Montreal.
4	Santropol is a perfect I've-got-an-afternoon-off-and-want-to-read-my-book-over-a-coffee spot. The servers can be a bit...relaxed...but the food is top-notch, homemade, and delicious.Sadly, the Killer Tomato sandwich, highlight of my first visit, is no longer possible for me...dairy intolerance be damned. But there are some dairy-free options; I can recommend the chicken salad. Or just get a cup of soup and enjoy it with piles of fresh, thickly-cut Santropol bread.The coffee is fairly traded and organic, also locally roasted and fresh. Soy milk is available for their espresso drinks and chai tea. (Yay!)As others have mentioned, the garden in back is delightful. The front porch is also a fun spot, especially if you have forgotten to bring your own book or just like the forbidden thrill of eating lunch in a library.
5	This place is a piece of Heaven! One of the best garden terraces in the city - you can sit there all afternoon under the shade by the pond drinking coffee and eating their unusual sandwiches. Great atmosphere, a Montreal staple in every way! Will not disappoint locals and tourists alike.
5	Santropol's best sandwich pays homage to a classic 70s slapstick feature. I recommend ordering that sandwich with ham. I'm also a huge fan of their americanos, amazing.Once I was there working late with a friend and I didn't want more caffeine so I ordered a hot chocolate. I was quite surprised when it arrived with a tall mountain of whipped cream perched atop. We all got a good laugh, and I joked about feeling like a little kid.The decor and ambiance is fantastic too. Get a table outside in the garden if the weather is right.
1	This place needs to be closed down! Why all the hype? Mostly because it 'looks and feels' "trendy". At best, it's mold ridden, and a good excuse not to clean the place, and then you add to this the fact that it is dusty. All this aside, the staff is either completely rude, or simply cannot be bothered. After arriving, it took 20 minutes to notice me, even though I was standing at the counter. Their online menu is NOT updated, so when I asked for a smoked salmon sandwich, the response (no joke) was, "we don't carry salmon and fish items, because of the nuclear disaster meltdown in Japan". So wait, salmon only comes from Japan? I thought Canada had salmon too, no? The other patrons seemed puzzled by the response, but since they'd been waiting for a while, took their seats, when offered (hope they had a better time). Another 10 minutes elapsed before the gentleman decided to take my order. Of course, after this 30 minute investment, it was another 30 minutes for my takeout order to be ready. Such a serious waste of time! Their staff also have no concept of balance, when it comes to food, either too bland or just too much bland, or just too sweet (compare the sweetened iced tea to the apple juice). Super dry bread! Seriously, run if you can, or if your friends insist on going here, tell them that you'll meet them after having a decent meal elsewhere, but be under no illusions if you want terrible service, at a hefty price, with absolutely horrible food!
5	Huge fan, delicious, wonderful environment. Once my friend commented that she liked one of the cow mugs and asked where should could get one. The manager gave her one! Service isn't always the fastest but they also don't mind if you stick around for a while after your meal.
3	Go to the very back of the restaurant and have your meal in their garden. It's beautiful and peaceful. You forget you are in the city!I order the St. Urbain sandwich with chicken salad (they were all out of the Killer Tomato which is what I really had my eye on). The sandwich was tasty, and the bread and salad fresh. I only ate half of the sandwich and my salad so the portions are quite big. No decaf coffee or espresso was a bummer. Worth the visit if you are in the area and looking for a fresh meal.
4	I was very pleased with all the vegetarian and vegan options here!  The sandwiches are quite large, as are the large salads.  It did take quite awhile for our food to come out, but I realized that there is just one person making all the food for the whole restaurant (sometimes two).  So just plan on waiting awhile after your order, and know that when it comes it will be very large, very filling and very fulfilling.  I can't wait to go back.
5	Unique. Beautiful terrasse. Great vegetarian chili. Lots of nice hot sauces. Tapacio was great with the chili. Can be crowded. Don't go if you're in a rush. Great reputation for coffee, but didn't try any.
4	The food was very fresh and great tasting. The service could have been more welcoming but the food experience was very positive!
4	One of Montreal's hidden gems of a cafe, Santropol is a hidden garden of Eden with a flowing coy pond, cozy mismatched chair & table sets and delicious food (mostly vegetarian with meat addition options). I ate the northern lights sandwich which was absolutely delicious (enough to share with someone else with a small appetite). My mother ate a special of the day which was a quinoa salad (see my photo). Unfortunately my brother got sting by a bee but the staff was extremely courteous and helpful which showed a lot about the character of this small cafe. Even though the main attraction is the little oasis in the back, the inside seating area is well established and charmingly decorated. Next time I can't wait to try some of their delicious looking smoothies/drinks
4	Been wanting to come here for ages, finally dropped in in the later afternoon after a long walk through the mountain.Very cute little venue, with lovely comfortable but arty type seating in a semi outdoor garden area. Very relaxed. The service was a bit miss at first, with a long wait until we could get some attention, but eventually all good.We tried a variety of soups, salads and sandwiches, and everything was just really tasty and fresh. Nothing super special here, but nice vibes, and very very fresh tasting food. And a lovely hangout spot too that's located in a cool part of town. Would definitely return.
5	I've been coming here for 24 years now which should tell you right away of how great the sandwiches, soups, milkshakes and salads are.More than once I've brought out of town guests here and they always, without fail, are impressed with the food, the presentation and the atmosphere. The garden in the back is by far the best place to sit during the hot summer months but the seats inside are just as cozy in the winter time. Prices have been steadily going up over the years but the place still somehow manages to rely that hippy-Boho vibe it's always had.  I'm not going to tell you which sandwich to get, my favorite changes constantly over time but you can't go wrong with the traditional flavors. Their originals have some unusual combinations here but they are always quite tasty like the Killer Tomato, Sweet Root and Pepper Island. I know I'm weird in saying this but sometimes it's the basic ingredients in the construction of any one dish is what either makes it or breaks it and in this case , it's the bread. No joke.Once you start coming here, make a mental note of this place. You'l be coming back all the time.
