4	Shaved ice is one of my favorite Taiwanese treats, but unlike bubble tea or Taiwanese savory snacks or dim sum, it's harder to to find in the U.S.  Stores that focus on shaved ice are rare, even in cities like NYC and LA.  This is why I'm thrilled that a shaved ice place opened up *within walking distance* to my home!  But first, let me back up a step here. "Shaved ice" is basically a plate of finely grated ice with syrups, condensed milk, and additional toppings such as sweet red beans, fruit, etc. It's like a more fanciful snow cone -- for a more international take on the same basic concept, see: http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/16/dining/16ice.html?pagewanted=allWhat I liked about the newly opened Cool Ice Taipei: they make a satisfying plate of "snow ice" -- that is, their machine produces ice shavings with a finer, fluffier texture than what you get from a coarse, hard snow cone.  CIT offers several flavored ice "base": milk, matcha (Japanese green tea); or fruit. The toppings are sweet, but not overly so. I wish that the menu were a bit broader -- for example, it'd be nice if they'd let customers pick their own toppings rather than offering just eight standard sets (most of the standard sets have just one or two toppings). I also wish that the prices were lower -- an (albeit large) plate will run you between $6.50-$8.50.CIT also offers a variety of tea drinks and some savory Taiwanese dishes.  I've not yet had the chance to try, but they've at least piqued my interest. In terms of its space, the store could have used a bit more remodeling rather than just inherit everything from Pamela's. The vibe feels a bit off. In that respect, CIT could have taken a pointer or two from its neighbor, Rose Tea Cafe.Overall, CIT did not disappoint. They may have a few more wrinkles to work out in the interim; I hope they succeed.
5	For a place to serve Xue Hua Bing (snow ice) open up in Pittsburgh was something that seriously came out of the blue.  While few places in the US even serve this (mostly only available in large metropolitan cities, to my knowledge), I had to double check that Cool Ice Taipei actually served this Taiwanese dessert, and make sure that it wasn't the traditional shaved ice simply lost in translation.I arrived at the restaurant to realize that it's actually a sitdown place. we were seated at one of the many just-a-tad-narrow 4-person tables and handed menus.  There were only 3 other parties in the restaurant at the time on a Saturday afternoon, so service was fairly quick.My two friends and I ordered a wasabi chicken appetizer to split. For entrees, one got pork chop over rice, while the two of us got beef noodle soup. for dessert, i ordered a snow ice japanese ba bao style for myself.wasabi chicken appetizer - wasabi flavor was very subtle, could be accentuated a bit more. friend unfamiliar with taiwanese cuisine found it "wayy too salty", which i partially agree with. crust is not popcorn-chicken-like, more just a breading.beef noodle soup - noodles were just a TAD overcooked, and a bit more broth would have been nice. would have been nice to have baby bok choy (like the way it should be), instead of the napa cabbage. temperature came out perfect, and it was served with the minced pickled stuff (its english name somehow escapes me atm), which was a good addition to add into the soup. broth certainly didn't taste as authentic as i wished; it was slightly watery, and didn't have the fragrant beefyness that i would have liked. i wouldn't go as far to say that it was taken from a can.pork chop over rice - friend said the saltiness was still a little strong, but ended up liking it by the end, with the sides that came with the dish.japanese ba bao style snow ice - ba bao means eight treasures in chinese; they typically refer to some dish that has 8 toppings. in this case, they just included 6 fruits, red bean, and taro, over a matcha (green tea) base.  unlike the one i had in taipei, the green tea was certainly not as potent, but still good. some of the fruits went well with the ice, but i would recommend them take out the pineapple, and add in pudding or something else instead. the sourness of the pineapple just doesn't blend in well, and is certainly not japanese style either.my friend also got a taro milk tea, which was not too sweet, which is a bit of a relief from those that are normally overly sweetened. when i asked the waitress whether they served tapioca (just out of curiosity), the waitress said "no we don't serve it because rose tea serves that". it's clear that from the menu choices, this restaurant was opened to be complementary and not competitive to Rose Tea Cafe, providing items that Rose Tea doesn't serve. i'm not sure who owns this place...i'm looking forward to going back again!all in all, i'm extremely grateful that a place like this has opened
4	Oh, how this place brings me back to the Motherland!The minute I walked into Cool Ice Taipei, I was instantly reminded of the tiny cafes tucked in between rows of street vendors and camera shops in Taipei. From the brightly-colored furniture to the never-ending list of shaved ice varieties, this place is about as authentic as it gets when it comes to Taiwanese snacks in Pittsburgh.Unfortunately, I didn't get a chance to actually try the shaved ice (hey man, just came from Rita's!), but got to munch on some savory bites including the Lu Dan (hard-boiled eggs steeped in tea), some type of Gu Mien (mushroom noodle - we requested it vegetarian), and a pot of Cha (tea). The prices here were reasonable and while the food didn't quite live up to the real deal, it certainly has potential since it's a new business. Maybe next time I go I'll actually get to try what they're known for - the shaved ice!
4	I was feeling really sick today and when I thought about CMU campus food, it literally made me dry-heave for half an hour. What I really needed was some good comfort Chinese food like my mom makes to make me feel better. Cool Ice Taipei came to mind. I usually go there for afternoon snacks like the QQ Jelly Tea and marinated tea eggs when i feel like having a quiet afternoon. (They're also the only restaurant I've found in Pittsburgh that sell pop chicken btw!!!) I decided to give the food a go today, and I am so glad I did. I ordered the QQ Passionfruit Tea like usual, and today I decided to try the beef stew noodles. When the beef stew noodles arrived I was very pleasantly surprised. First of, the bowl was HUGE. I mean, like as large as a large Pho bowl. Instead of the overly salty powdered beef stew that I was expecting, the beef stew smelled and tasted slightly of Chinese herbs. It was light and very nice on my fragile stomach. The QQ Jelly tea was good as per usual.I will definitely be coming back for more meals and shaved ice in the future!
3	I just came from dinner here and really enjoyed it.  They don't have a plush atmosphere, but they have a fun casual feel, bright color scheme, (think ikea rainbow colors) friendly service and extremely reasonable prices with most meals under $8 and most drinks and appetizers under $5.  They have a huge selection of fun chinese teas, ices, shakes, smoothies and offer squirrel hill a different new alternative way to beat the summer heat besides our traditional ice cream shops.  So what's bad?  The service was friendly but a bit slow.  That said, everything was definitely made fresh for our order, and we all got different dishes that we enjoyed, including shrimp and pork dumplings, fried chicken and various spicy and non spicy sea food hot pots which were served in the traditional style with flames to keep them warm.  You can go down the block to how lee or china star and get more gourmet food, but for the price, I think Cool Ice is a terrific value, and I'll definitely be back again soon!
3	Not bad for picking up some milk tea, though the food here is not that good and too expensive.  The snow ice (shaved ice with different toppings) was very tasty with fresh fruit, but pricey ($6 - $8), especially for the small bowl that you get.  I recommend the mango snow ice.  We got a couple of hot pots that were only mediocre and $14 each.  They simmer the hot pot in the middle of the table for you, though the flavor was bland.  The shrimp dumplings ($8 for 8) were freshly steamed and homemade.  The three of use spent $70 here with appetizers, drinks, dessert, and all, though it seemed like it should have been a lot less.  I'm not a fan of the bright color scheme and decor--its a bit gaudy, and certainly does not feel like a restaurant you'd end up spending over $20 per person at.
3	I lunched here, and tried dumplings, noodles, and the red bean/milk snow ice.  As mentioned, the food was expensive and not that great, so I'd recommend only getting dessert.  The snow ice is also a bit expensive, considering it's just shaved ice with condensed milk and toppings.  I thought it was delicious though and the portion (a medium-ish bowl, not just a cup) was a good size, so if they made a half portion available for half the price (more on level with a milk tea or Rita's), I would go for that.  But as it is, it's not something I'd treat myself to regularly.
3	This is for the shaved ice.It is good, decent, but not fabulousreasons it is great: 1- there is NO other place in Pittsburgh, PA to have this and 2- it is not just ice ice it is SNOW ice meaning they use milk as their base and it tastes beyond fabulous. I would only bicker to say that they should let us choose what we want on the ice. I wanted the strawberry, but I also wanted the red bean, but i could NOT get both just choosing from their options. I would go here because being from California - the land of everything basically and the best foods - shaved ice is a must in LA/SF. So here is something that would feed my cravings.
5	As a very picky eater, I have to say this is one of the few places in Pittsburgh that I am willing to pay for their food. Very fresh and made from scratch, no artificial stuff, very authentic and healthy. Totally reminds me of food back in Asia. And for the real fruits, real everything they used in their food, the price is totally a bargain.Love their seafood hot pot and all the tea drinks. oh, and the snow ice, sooooo yum , light as feather, creamy and full of flavor and fresh fruits.
4	I stopped by here this weekend with my girlfriend for lunch. We had an unexpected delay in Squirrel Hill and decided to look up a good place on yelp.  As soon as cool ice came up it reminded me of some good reviews I had seen in the past and so we decided to go there.  The inside of the restaurant is nice with both the chairs and walls having bright and vivid colors (think blue, red, yellow, etc.).  We were greeted almost immediately upon entering and given out choice of seats.For my lunch entree I decided to go with the salted pepper chicken over rice while my girlfriend had the beef noodle soup.  Our dishes came out in a reasonable time and both looked good.  I first started by tasting my girlfriends dish which had a wonderful broth with a hint of spiciness at the end that the noodles took on.  Her beef was also good and for a split second I was sad I didn't order it until I tried my chicken.  The coating was a beautiful brown color and was crispy while the inside was moist and hot in temperature.  I loved it and the slightly salty crust paired perfectly with it making it the tastiest chicken I have had in a long time.  My chicken also came with cold bean sprouts and something else, maybe a cabbage that had some semblance to haluski (I am part polish after all).  Finally there was the rice which had a sauce on it and was slightly sticky which made picking it up with chop sticks easier.The bottom line for me is that I would definitely head back here in the future.  The food was awesome for the price (less than $9 an entree) and the service friendly.  I am also eagerly awaiting the warm weather so that I can try some of their shaved ice which they had pictures of on one wall.
5	I am original from Taiwan, although I have been stayed in USA for more than 10 years. Seattle, SF bay area, LA I all used to stayed, therefore, I suppose not to be surprised by asian food in Pittsburgh, BUT the food in Cool Ice Taipei impressed me a lot! Very traditional Taiwanese food! All items here are MUST HAVE, if you visit Taiwan. It is lucky, since you can have all of them here. The first thing I like about Cool Ice Taipei is "All the ingredients are shipped from Taiwan". The owners really care if they offer quality Taiwanese food, also Ken, the man who makes the food is the champion of cocktail, tea and coffee in Asia and he used to be the master of cooks for Taiwanese Air Force and in charge of dining for Commander. That is a very challenge position and should only serve food for VIP. And now good news, you don't need to be the commander to taste the food!Snow ice dishes are amazing, and I am surprised even ice are made by fruit or milk, so if you order a mango snow ice, it equals you order a fresh mango juice with fresh cut mango! Compare to other places all ice are made by water or even tap water, here is more healthy and worth you to pay the price!Crispy Salty chicken, fried pork chop... Mmm...sorry I start to feel hungry. Hot pot here, if you know how long the chief spent time to stew, you will appreciate it! Tea here are awesome!! These tea are made by champion's recipe and cook in a special way! They are real Tea, not power and water!  If you enjoy Tea, then i can tell you Ken is the man who knows how to make it right!
5	The best authentic Chinese in Pittsburgh!!  Ever since coming back from a year in China I've been looking for food that is authentic.  Cool Ice Taipei has it.
3	As a Taiwanese Native, I don't particularly like the place. It seems to me that they have a good icy stuff which I haven't had tried yet. I tried the braised meat over rice once. It was an OK. then my husband and I went there once around 9:00 pm. They were nice enough to take us in. I had a thai noodle soup and the  pre-made fish dumping didn't taste very fresh to me. Update: The owner wrote me and said that they don't charge for containers. So I removed the container comments. For some reason, the bill seems high to me that night and that's why I thought that they charge for the containers or did the bill wrong. But they do have good service. The waitress/owner is very friendly. They were nice enough to stay to open late that night when we went in.
5	My goodness. Snow ice needs to be a thing. Forget froyo or bubble tea. Why isn't snow ice a thing yet? Incredibly fluffy and soft, this is not the shaved ice you know. Coming in various flavors with all kinds of toppings (mostly fruit), I don't know how anyone can not become a fan. Instagram first introduced me to this cold treat (known as shaved snow in CA or shave ice in HI), and curiosity has taken my taste buds on a journey to find this elusive beast. Enter Cool Ice Taipei in Pittsburgh.I went with the "Japanese Ba Bao style" snow ice, mainly because it looked cool as hell. It was green tea flavored, topped with red beans, taro, and various fruits.  I didn't think I would enjoy it that much because I loathe anything with green tea, but I've never been happier to be so wrong. It was perfect. It was delicious. It was sweet, smooth, creamy, light, fluffy... If food is porn, this was the money shot.So I need snow ice to be a thing. Why? Because I don't want to drive 100+ miles every time I want some. Snow ice, please be a thing so that more of you pop up and I and everyone else can experience your goodness.
4	This is a sit-down restaurant with waiter service that serves both meals (like beef noodle soup) and dessert. Two things I thought were lacking:1. I asked the waitress if they had any vegetable dishes or side dishes, and she said no. So, if you come here for a meal, don't expect any vegetables.2. I sort of expected a dessert place to have some Asian pastries such as a sesame bun or red bean paste bun, but they only have snow ice and drinks (bubble tea, etc.).I ordered the milk and strawberry snow ice (around $6.25). It was big enough to share between two people. The dish consisted of a pile of fluffy, lightly sweet white "milk-flavored" shaved ice, with sliced strawberries and grapes on top. The flavor of the ice was like white cake or sweet cream, but very light.I thought the price was a little expensive, but then again, I split with a friend, so I only had to pay half the cost.Looking at the lunch entrees on other people's tables, I'd like to come back to try some of their meat dishes.
5	Food is okay but their bubble teas are good at all flavors!!! Nice place to spend afternoon: )
5	As a Taiwanese native, there is a difference between fresh fruit snow ice and flavored chemical syrup. I have been on east coast and west coast for the past ten years, this is the ONLY ONE place you can in whole US that makes snow ice with fresh fruit. Accidentally walked in one day and now I can never leave! Although the decoration of the store is really not that fancy and doesn't look like a restaurant but you will surprised by their meals better than most of those fancy restaurant. If you are one of those people who care more about atmosphere, look elsewhere. But if you are a great food hunter like me, you will love their XO mala noodle and thick broth beef noodle. Also, the Swiss-Taiwan fusion hotspot is one of the kind for sure! Wasabi chicken chop is awesome as well!  I only find out recently that they have delivery too! Very convenient to the shadyside, squirrel hill and Oakland area which is where I live. The chef told me all their tea are made Taiwan oolong with whole leaf and not tea bag. So if you love decent hot tea their champion bartender chef is the one to bring you the tea that will satisfy all your sense!
5	My favorite place to get bubble (or bean) tea's in Pittsburgh for sure.Very friendly staff, very attentive, deserts are wonderful, food is very good.There are only two restaurants in Squirrel hill that I now frequent at regular intervals, and this is one of them. I am so happy for these people to have setup shop, I think they'll just get better as more people come to them.
5	Loved it! The snow ice is worth the price, you won't get this delicacy anywhere else in the burgh. I had the rose green tea as well- no complaints here. Perfectly sweetened (not too sweet) with lovely floral notes.
4	This place defintely has the fruit shaved ice more common in China, Hawaii or the West Coast. Not the plain water shaved ice with syrup, but the legit fruit-ice concoction.It's definetly something to try if you've never had it before, but it isn't as great as I've had elsewhere. Still, a great alternative to after-dinner dessert other than your usual ice cream.Kinda wish they upgraded their interior.
4	Ordered from their delivery menu and was not disappointed! i think I'll actually eat in the store.  The dumplings were amazing and authentic. The skin wasn't too thick and the meat was especially juicy.  The mala noodles were really spicy but definitely worth the pain.  Salt and Pepper chicken was pretty good, but a little on the saltier side. Otherwise, excellent!
4	Love their shaved ice. And they deliver to my house! Just wish they had larger portions...(for the price)
3	A friend and I went here on Saturday evening. We each had tea and a snow ice. I had the Champagne Milk Tea and the Milk and Red Bean Snow Ice. The Champagne Milk Tea was delicious. It had sort of a bubble gum flavor but wasn't overly sweet. However, the snow ice was terrible. The beans tasted like they came out of a can. As I interpreted the beans to be the key ingredient I figured they would be more flavored or made more tantalizing. It was not at all what I expected.The venue is nice and is in a nice location right on Forbes Ave in Squirrel Hill, which of course has plenty of nice restaurants and cafes. I may try this place again but first time around both my friend and I were disappointed in the snow ice.
1	Food came in 1 hour and 30 minutes, 20 minutes late than the long time of wait originally specified, why? Because Pittsburgh is so big right? Nope, because someone else also ordered from my building, so it made sense to get orders all at once, right? And who needs hot food in 18 Deg F? About food: Marinated "Egg": $1.5: You literally get only "one" boiled egg in a box! Chicken Chop over Rice : $7.95. I have never had a dryer food before. No sauce/gravy, nothing with chicken/rice or as a side! I was choking by the end of my second bite. Really bland food - the chicken was blander than the taipei style appetizer. I would not order again period.
