5	So. After 8 years of owning a Ford, it left me stranded on the road one to many times. So I bought a '06 Hyundai Elentra (from a different location). Ive never owned a foreign car, this car appealed to me because of the low miles and still had a warranty. Well....it started to act a little funny. So I called up Discover Hyundai, as they are miles from my work. I spoke to Tim in the service department and he was more then helpful. They had to keep the car for 2 days, because they couldn't get it to do what I was telling them it was doing...but they were persistent and finally were able to duplicate my issue. Everything was under my warranty. I was back on the road by the end of day 2! I will for sure be going back here for all normal maintenance and if any other issues arise. Thanks Tim!
5	After some recent trouble with my little Hyundai, I decided to take it to the dealership service department and see if they could find out what was making my car sick. I had never been here before so I wasn't quite sure what to expect since my past experience with mechanics and car dealers had been less than exceptional. From the very beginning, I was immediately impressed with the service I received from the guys in the service department. They returned my call right away and they were professional and helpful and took their time to explain things that I would have otherwise not have been able to understand since I know nothing about cars (And I mean nothing). They were able to get my car in right away and were able to fix it up and return it to me within 24 hours. They gave me no trouble at all about the service being covered under warranty (thank God for that wonderful warranty!) and they didn't try to sell me on services or products that I didn't need. I was very impressed and will definitely be taking my car back here if any other issues come up and I will also be keeping this dealership in mind when the time comes to buy a new car.
5	I took my car into Discover Hyundai for service and had the best experience.  I worked with Tim in the service department who was so helpful and determined to fix my vehicle. He kept me informed with what was going on with my car and had better communication than any car service advisor I've ever worked with. It was more like working with a friend. I will definitely be going back next time I need to take my car in.
2	I tried to buy a car here.  The quoted me a reasonable price for the new car over the phone so I gave them a credit card to hold the hard to find vehicle.  When I came in a few days later they lowballed my trade in by about 20%.  When I said the sale wouldn't close with that trade in the internet sales manager said that was the best he could do.  I told him to refund my deposit and left.A week later, no refund on my credit card.  I emailed them to remind them and received a response that I must visit the dealership and speak with a manager to get my refund.  Uhhh, no.  I called the credit card company and refused the charge.The sales guys here play the old fashioned games and make car buying a chore.  I ended up buying new Hyundai a few miles away with no hassles and a smile on my face. My suggestion... drive south on the 101 about 10 minutes - there is another dealer just east a few miles.
