5	First time at this place.  It was recommended by the tow truck driver.  Finished the job on time, at a discounted price (AAA member).  Shop was clean and staff was honest.  I did not feel taken advantaged of.  Will definitely come back for future service or repairs.
5	Recently had a used vehicle I had purchased in the shop for scheduled service.  Service advisor was outstanding. Technician did a thorough job and offered insight on what to be aware of  for future options.  Shop was clean and staff was more than accommodating. I will definitely be utilizing the services provided by AAA for this and my other vehicles. Thank you for a great job and also know that  this shop hires US veterans.
5	The office is very clean and the staff is friendly. I went here for an oil change and they serviced my car right away (we were lucky that they had an opening at the time we got there). I would recommend making an appointment to ensure you don't wait long. Oil change included full inspection and they will tell you what needs to ve fixed urgently and what can wait. I got the feeling that this place is honest and won't take advantage of people like me who doesn't knowuch about cars.When we were about to leave, we mentioned that one of our brake lights were out. The staff apologized for overlooking this in the inspection and fixed my brake lights for free!! the search is over for a good, reliable, and honest car repair shop. I will be bringing my cars here from now on.
5	The staff is very friendly. I brought my car in for some breaks work. There was no up-selling and they were done about a half hour earlier than the estimate they initially provided. I cannot remember the last time that happened. They did a full inspection, and there were some suggestions about other work that should be done, but there was no pressure from them to have it done then. The price was far below what I was expecting considering how bad my car was sounding at the time.
5	The staff are friendly. The waiting room is very clean. The diagnose was accurate and honest with a list of suggestion of services. There is no pressure. I will go back.
2	Funny story, actually. Came in because Honda said my battery was dying and in need of replacement. They were going to charge me $250 for a new battery. $250 sounded a BIT much for my liking, but I guess it's because I had a "newer vehicle." Also, this fee included labor (but how hard could it be to install a new battery?) Now, why would I want to pay $50 more than what Honda quoted me? The catch was that roadside assistance wouldn't replace my battery for free in the event it died. Instead, this establishment informed me that Honda made a mistake and my battery ISN'T dying, They could restore it back to factory and clean it up for ~$60. I liked that. $200 cheaper! They said it would take about an hour, so I took their offer.I'm from California, by the way. I was visiting relatives in Arizona when I realized I needed these services. LUCKILY, my car died when I made it to California and not in the middle of the desert. It actually died on my last day of college a few days later. I was devastated. Wanted to get home because I finally finished school and was graduating. I was scared and definitely couldn't afford a new battery especially when I was quoted $250. I checked autozone, sams club, costco, etc. My last resort was to call AAA. They quoted me $95 (not including tax, supposedly.) The guy got to my house, installed it, I was expecting to pay extra for LABOR and they said this was included in my AAA membership.So my real question is... Why is this place charging for labor when supposedly it's covered by our membership? And why did I get the same exact battery/warranty for half the price? Hmmm...Wasted $60 because my battery died anyway. Thanks!+2 stars because they were really nice gentlemen.
1	All I can say is that I'm greatly disappointed. The shop was highly recommended & did not live up to par. Made an appointment; came early; called regarding my vehicle. Of course to busy to look @my vehicle; because of another vehicle. When I came to pick up my vehicle; now they have the time to look @it. Sorry, you had all day. What makes me post this is that a customer who came in after I did; they're picking up their car that was fixed. Go figure?
1	My father-in-law just dropped $1,600 to get his AC fixed.  I rode in the car the day after the "repair" was done.  It cools slightly when on the highway at speed but warms to room temp when stopped.  He went back today and they told him it was fine and cooling down to 44 degrees...No way!!!  It didn't cool that low on the highway, so there's no way they got it to cool that low standing still in the garage.  My father-in-law is not a wealthy man by any means and a disabled vet to boot.  This place is taking advantage of him and ripping him off.  My wife and I are AAA members and we're going to complain to AAA about this shop giving them a bad name.  We're also going to see if one of the local news agencies will do an investigative report on this place.  It's really disappointing that a shop bearing the AAA brand would treat a poor, old man this way.  Buyer beware.  We'll pay the extra money and go to a dealership before dropping a dime of our hard-earned money at this shop.  AAA Arizona Auto Repair, you should be ashamed!
3	Update:  After my initial review, AAA Arizona Auto Repair contacted my father-in-law and looked at his AC again.  Turns out the valve that's supposed to close off the heater when "cool" is selected wasn't closing all the way.  This let cold air mix with warm air before exiting the vent.  The shop stopped the warm air by shutting the valve.  Apparently it was about another $75 of work that they gave him for free.  I applaud the shop for their follow-up to make this right but I'm still rating it at three stars.  When the initial work was done they only measured the air temp at the AC unit and not at the passenger vent.  I'm not an AC repairman by any means but it seems like common sense to check the temp at the vent where the air blows on the passenger.  Had this been done, the shop would've figured out the issue when the initial work was completed.
4	Mark Aguilar and the crew at AAA location were very pleasant to work with. They were honest and straight forward. They did not try to rip us off and gave us the truth.
5	Dear good people of Triple A,You were friendly. You were timely. You were affordable. I have been dramatically let-down by other mechanics before, and I was nervous. I called, you said I could come in and get the car checked before my long road trip... I came, you checked. Maybe this is premature as I sit here in your nice lounge, but even letting me in on a busy Saturday, understanding safety is everything, and being extremely nice was a surprising change. Thank you. ((P.s Mark rocks))
5	The shop is clean and well-equipped.  My car was received by appointment without waiting for an oil change.  My car is a 1990 Honda Accord and while it is 24 years old it runs great because I have found good mechanics I can trust.
5	I had a bad experience at a different AAA repair shop and called customer service to express my dissatisfaction on having my air conditioning condenser going bad first after one year after replacement, then only four months after it was replaced the second time.  Spoke with Nancy and she said she would get back to me.  After a couple days, Dennis from the 301 N. Arizona Ave called and asked if I could bring it into his shop instead of the other one.  This one is close to my home, so they were able to drive me home and pick me up when the car was ready.  Dennis told me that Nancy continued to follow up with him to make sure I was satisfied.  Dennis also called me the next day to see if everything was working fine.  And so far, my air conditioner is blowing colder than it has in a year!  I appreciate AAA working hard to make sure their customers are satisfied.  I will return to this station again.
