5	Dr. Glassman was a referral from one of my GP doctors. I was nervous ans didn't know to believe from the moment I stepped in the office everyone made me feel welcome and put me at ease. I just wanted to thank everyone at this office for really going above and beyond for me and I really highly recommend this office to anyone and believe everyone will get the quality care they truely deserve.
5	I started going to Dr. Glassman's practice about 6 months ago and I have to say, wow... for a doctor's office, the service is very personalized and efficient.  Dr. Glassman even answers emails.  I certainly haven't had that before, so really appreciate his attention to detail.  Medical records are all computerized, Rx's go straight to the pharmacy and so he can really look at your medical history comprehensively.  HIs front office staff are friendly and keep you informed of your appointment information and instructions.  I've been a very pleased patient!  Highly recommend!
5	Dr Glassman has been a caring and thorough physician. He takes the time to make you feel at ease and important and he always explains everything so I can understand it. His staff is friendly and kind and they always remember my name and make me feel wwlcome. Highly recommend this Doctor to anyone!
5	I've been a patient of Dr. David Glassman for several years and have always found him to be friendly, professional and efficient. He has always taken the time to answer my questions or concerns and has treated me with care. I feel as if he knows me and my history and will keep me in good health. I trust him.
5	I absolutely LOVE Dr. Glassman - after 18 years of suffering with debilitating Endometriosis, I have I would say 99% relief from ALL related pain. He is an amazing doc, amazing bedside manner, I truly believe he has my best interest at heart, even in medical areas that are unrelated to his specialty. Here is the only caveat, his staff - very unprofessional, little to no consistency, rampant incompetence, errors/mistakes and plain old rudeness to patients. Dr. Glassman if you read these, PLEASE do something about your staff. I have referred two people to your office that changed their minds after dealing with the incompetence of your staff.
1	Not a fan. He keeps shilling fad "diet" and "nutritional" products from some website, claiming he doesn't make a dime on them. Other issues I won't discuss here.
5	Let's talk about vaginas.I was going through a rough time where the lower half of me was not being very nice to me and I thought that it was transforming on it's own and my life was going to turn into that independent movie "Teeth." Having Dr. Glassman at my side to investigate this matter for what would be the next grueling 6 months was amazing to have. You're always welcomed into his office for a briefing/consultation, he's extremely professional and discreet (front staff maybe not so much), and every time I had a medical freak-out, he was there to answer my call and even get me in the same day within the hour.He found out that it was a gnarly benign polyp and I had two separate operations on me - one in the hospital to successfully eradicate it. Ever since then, I've barely had any issues with my body and he's been working with me on getting the right birth control since my body seems to have a habit of rejecting them. Apparently my body wants the babies.  What took my old gynecologist 9 months with a check-in/waiting time of 2-3 horrific 'kill-me-now' hours, Dr. Glassman solved in one try and I always seem to be the only person in the waiting room when I go. His staff even tolerated me when I was high on anesthesia yelling nonsense and stumbling around the office like a drunk hobo. Even with insurance, he can be a little bit pricey (in my poor college student opinion), but he doesn't pressure you into doing anything you're not comfortable with, is upfront with the costs when you ask for it, and plenty of samples for you to try before you buy.Fun fact: He met my boyfriend after my operation and I guess the bf left such an impression that my doctor felt the need to immediately give me an unnecessary amount of birth control samples. Always looking out, this one. Plus, did I mention he's the only one who gets my extremely unnecessary/sick humor? Score.
4	Dr. Glassman is a great doctor. I've been going to him for several years, took a break to have a baby and went back to him afterwards. I'm now on baby #2 and after his initial exam he transferred me to my OB again. But after this I will be going back it my yearly exams! He always remembers me (and not just what is on my chart), remembers my husband an is so nice to everyone. I think that's what makes a good doctor. He takes the time to listen to any concerns or issues that I'm having and always explains what is going on. He will call you back after hours or in the weekend if he needs to. His staff is friendly, if a little disorganized. It always takes it ever to get checked out when you leave. Not sure if that's just the system they use or what. But that's really the longest part if the visit. I would totally recommend Dr. G to anyone!
5	Dr Bannion has the relaxed, yet professional demeanor I look for when having to have the "not so fun" yearly exam.She was prompt, friendly and genuinely listened.  I didn't feel rushed and most definitely will be seeing her every year from here on out.
5	I''ve been going to Dr. Glassman for over 5 years and my experiences with him have always been pleasant. I think most women dread their yearly exam but Dr. Glassman always makes me feel really comfortable every time I see him. He is one of the most personable doctors I've met and I always look forward to seeing him. His staff is very friendly as well which makes a big difference. Dr. Glassman is awesome!!
5	Dr. Glassman is a great Doctor. He just performed a hysterectomy on me and the surgery was as easy as is possible from a patient perspective. The pre-surgery meeting allowed me  and my husband to ask all the questions we had and Dr. Glassman described the robotic procedure in detail, the pre and post care management and was empathetic and thorough in describing it all. Most importantly, he showed a sincere caring attitude for me as a patient and took the concerns that my husband and I had seriously. He was clear about each part of the procedure so we felt at ease throughout it all. I appreciated his post-op phone call at home and the follow up information he provided.I would recommend Dr. Glassman to anyone looking for a caring doctor with great bed-side manner, who is a top professional in his field.
