5	Came on a weekend...Nice big aisle towards the fitting rooms and didnt see any clothes on the floor! This location was pretty clean and organized but its still new so we'll see how neat it stays.
2	Meh, this Ross is brand new but was suppppper empty! I went in looking for some jeans and maybe some shoes, alas I walked out with nothing and pissed off. Sure the aisles are large and its clean because THEY HAVE NOTHING! There was hardly any clothing! I was like wtf? The shoes are a very small area as well! The store layout sucks and the employees are rude as hell! I understand, you hate your job but quit acting like a giant d-bag! The areas are very cramped together but then some aisles are large. The "intimates" area is right next to the women and maternity area, so if you have a cart good luck! The fitting rooms are actually filthy and look like they have never been cleaned! Also the lady was like eye balling to make sure I wasnt stealing anything... really lady? I'm carrying a brand new Coach bag, you really think I'm stealing a stupid shirt? NOPE!Soooo I find a paid of Nike gym pants, ON THE CLEARANCE RACK, and of course the price is regular. So I get the SAME EXACT PAIR in large as opposed to XL ON THE SAME RACK and they do have a clearance tag. SAME EXACT PAIR. Sooooo I go to the check out, which is idiotic, and get helped by this younger girl who looked sooo miserable. I cracked a joke and she didnt laugh. Jerk. I showed her the pants and asked if I could get the same price.... I explained they were both on the rack and were the same just diff sizes. It was a matter of like 5$ but that wasnt the point. The point is that THEYRE ON THE SAME RACK! And theres MULTIPLES! Sooo she gives me a huge attitude and picked them up and let out a sigh and actually walked all the way to the back to check. It looked like it was going to kill her! She comes back and says that one paid of pants is older than the other and thats why its cheaper.... REALLY? Because its older?! I wanted to ask her by how many days? Stupid! Needless to say I walked out. Perhaps you should hire people who actually dont have stick up their ass. I know MANY people who would cherish ANY job and would never act like the cashier I dealt with.
4	brand new ross!Clean and Open. Most locations are very cramped .Not this location. Spacious Floor plan, no squeezing past a customer to get to another section.and clean very. I was surprised.Friendly and mostly helpful staff.now the first time I went into this store was around xmas time. I asked for a gift receipt, the cashiers says with a blank look on her face, a gift receipt. ?? Deer in head lights.. she responds what is a gift receipt. ?? I tell her it has the item name... sku # but no price. So people can return/exchange without knowing what was paid. She still had no idea.  she was probably in her late 20's early 30's. I was so very shocked. She needed to ask someone, and they had to find it on the touch screen/cash register.It was kinda funny.but that did not effect that the staff is helpful and they are doing well with their store.
3	Ross is....Regardless of where you go, any Ross that you go into can (and often) wildly varies from another store. Some are better than others.  Some are cleaner than others.  Some have more diverse/specific sections than others.For this one, the store is clean.  Considering that it just opened a few months back, one would hope so, and this one is.  But it's also very sparse.  There is a lot of open space to it, and I couldn't help but get the feeling that more could be done with the area they have.My two usual preferred areas: bed and bath, and kitchen/home decor are pretty sparse here.  The one in Boca Park in Charleston has a lot going on in it.  This one, not so much.  The selection is pretty slim in comparison.  This location just doesn't seem like they've done as much as they could have with the space, and just simply need more variety in what it offers.Ah well, same reasonable Ross prices, however.It's not a bad store, but it's not a great store, either.  The place just needs some help in maxing out its inventory, because it feels like the place is in the middle of a "going out of business" sale, instead of a store that just recently opened.
1	I love Ross and have shopped there for years spending A LOT of money every season!  I have a 11x11 walk in closet completely filled with clothes, shoes and purses.  Needless to say I fulfill my shopping addiction by shopping with Ross due to the price and the name brands.  I had my first bad experience today and will not be shopping at the Ross located at 911 Rainbow.  I spend $200 on pants, shirts, shoes, shirts for my dogs and a purse.  When I got home I was missing one pair of pants.  I called the store and they have refused to do anything about it because nothing was left at the register and when they "reviewed the tapes" all items went into the bag.  Granted it was only a $13 item but it is the principle of it.  It is not like a was claiming the expensive items were missing.  I am frustrated because finding pants that fit me properly is very difficult and to find two pairs on one shopping trip is a miracle.  Now I have to go to a different store tomorrow, try on numerous pairs and spend more money because they are not able to get all items in the bag and then offer good customer service by helping me out.  All they had to say was, "sorry there is nothing we can do."  I will spend my money at other stores.  Your loss Ross.Tina Highberger
2	Not impressed with this location.  Items were pretty picked over and the selection was thin pickings.
3	3 Stars compared to other Ross'. Compared to other stores one star. It's always a mess, nothing is where you can look to see if there is anohter size, or color. Just a hodge podge, BUT cheap stuff that is different, food and knickk knacks, decorative crap. A little of everything at low low prices.
3	Decent selection of markdowns for home furnishings and decor- which is what I originally went in for.And, like always, the shoe department sang my name until I went by "just for a look"--- and walked out with no decor and two pairs of boots. I hate how expensive shoes can get,especially boots, but these were a steal.Knee high tan chunk heel boot for $18, slouchy dark brown ankle boots for $13, and I am high on a bargain-shopping rush.
4	A new Ross in my area and I hadn't tried it yet? That's unheard of. I was looking for some dresses for work and decided to stop by and give them a chance.This Ross is pretty clean, but my absolute favorite thing about this location, that sets it apart from others I have been to, is the check out area. It's actually organized, imagine that. They have all the registers lined up at the front and there's a well-designated line. It's such a simple concept, but I can't tell you how you frustrated I get with most Ross stores because they it's hard to tell where you're supposed to stand for check-out. The selection is good and the aisles are wide, making the shopping experience more enjoyable.
3	I generally love browsing at Ross but selection can vary by day and the minute details can determine a good from a bad store. This one sits in the middle for me.I drop by when I'm getting some chicken strips next door and while this place is neat, its sparse.It's been a year since it was opened and maybe being sparse would be acceptable before, but I don't understand why it isn't now better stocked. Still, I've managed to find some items here and there with home items and a few items were on clearance too. I browse if Im in this shopping center because, why not? But I wouldn't go out of the way for this location.
