4	Memories!!! I worked in this Gap for awhile and was always amazed (silly  American) that you could see a CASTLE from the men's department upstairs. Crazy. Nice layout of the store however and the vaulted ceiling on the main floor creates a really dynamic space.
2	think the star rating says it all - meh, I've experienced better.Gap used to be one of THE places to shop, back in the day. Remember everyone used to have the hoody's? What's happened Gap? Their clothes have moved from fashionable tops to staple items. If I need  a good quality white t-shirt I'll come here, no questions asked, and I'll get good stuff! But I wouldn't come here if I was looking for something to hit the town in.Although they have changed their wardrobe, they have really good children's stuff and good denim jeans and lovely denim dresses, but nothing absolutely ground-breaking.
4	A fashion brand that's been in the doldrums somewhat for the last decade, Gap's preppy, plain look doesn't seem to be flavour of the month in this country at the moment. It's a shame, as the stuff is well made, and it's one of the only stores where I can buy a pair of jeans that will actually fit me.Not cool, but then again neither am I, so I'm definitely a fan.
2	Gap are kinda like Stone Temple Pilots, they did some shit in the 90's, we all bought it, but every time we see the name on the high street we're surprised they're still around.There comes a point when we'll look back with fondness at Gap and in 5 years time it probably will come back in fashion. But it has to go away to come back!
3	I couldn't agree with Stuart more - I forget about Gap these days.Normally I hate logo tees and hoodies, but I sadly remember the days that me and my bright orange (I kid you not) Gap hoodie and I were inseparable! I would wear it out until it got smelly and I had to regretably wash it. Those were the days. No wonder I couldn't get a boyfriend for so many years! The only benefit that hoodie had was it was practically luminous in the dark, along with being a damn good contraceptive. Maybe that's why my mum was happy for me to buy such attire!So the days of the Gap hoodie are, thankfully, passed. But one benefit they had to Gap was that it literally got its name out there - they were really popular back in the day. Now, Gap cater to what seems like quite a bland taste in clothing. They do some really nice floral dresses and their jeans will last you for years, but I often forget to stop by for a look so I always miss the good stuff. There are some hidden gems so it is worth a gander, but they're that bit too expensive for me, and just not that appealing.I appreciate their clothing is well made, but after the sweatshop scandal of a few years ago I can't quite help but think Gap's clean cut image is a bit too contrived. I don't think they use sweatshops anymore but the preppy look as Gavin quite rightly pointed out is a bit too middle class for me. However, I do agree with him on the fact they make good jeans!
2	Although I am usually a fan of Gap clothing and style, I was somewhat disappointed with this shop. It looks big but it felt over crowded and yet at the same time not all that large. The changing rooms are usually unmanned so it can be inconvenient if you have picked up the wrong size garment. As far as the stock goes,  I really do think the Brits get the bad end- a recent trip to the States revealed where all the cool Gap clothes went. Sure we Brits are not the most fashionable of the Europeans, but there are a lot of other alternative and cheaper places to get a hoodie from, we want the elegant Gap lines on this side of the pond too please!
3	I like the Gap.  I shop at the Gap.  I know it's not cool or edgy or interesting, but I like it.  Princes St used to have two Gap stores, which is totally ridiculous, but it was nice because it spread the shoppers out a bit.  About a year ago the store closer to the west end closed.  That was my favourite store.  I liked how it was laid out, the staff, the selection.I was recently in this one and just don't like it as much.  The clothes feel crammed in and there are so many racks that it's almost like a maze to get to what you want.  Yes, it's good to have selection but do you really need 10 of the same size out?  Maybe less clutter and more clothes kept in the back would be better.The sizes are also not arranged.  I don't like having to take 70% of the shirts off the rack in order to find a medium.  The thing that I found most odd was the fact that at 11am the music was so loud you couldn't actually hear what the cashier was saying.  And, when asking him to repeat himself, he acted like we were complete morons.  Not actually an idiot, thanks, I just didn't realise I was in a club.  Three stars for a clean store, but turn the music down!  You're not cool enough to play loud music!
3	Time to time I'll concede to writing a review of a chain store. Edinburgh is chock full of independents and I love it for that. But sometimes a girls gotta get some staples - the vest tops, cardigans and pump shoes - that chains do well.Oh, random tangent, does anyone remember the adverts from back in t'day, and there was one that had a song "fall into the Gap, fall into the Gap, fall into the Gap, fall, in, to, the, Gap!"? Just got stuck in my head, damn.Anyway, after reading Emily V's review I didn't realise that there used to be two branches of Gap on Princes St. That seems just a tad extreme to me. So I can't compare to the other one that closed.As far as this one goes, it's not the biggest Gap I've been into, as Emily V says as well, it is slightly squished. In fact, it's a lot squished. Gap clothes are all about minimal, simplicity with a few nice wee twists on the original. The clothes benefit from room, space, and minimalism around. I admit to not being able to find the pjs section (I was after relaxi-pants) and the actual underwear section is really just one stand by the tills. The Gap I can compare to, in Glasgow on Sauchiehall Street, had a whole floor space dedicated to nighttime and underwear. So - yes - it could do with more space.But other than that, they do have most of the stock in, the staff can be patchy (some really genuine, some couldn't care less) but I've always come out a satisfied customer. So, yep, definitely A-Ok for me.
4	I don't normally shop at the gap. We received a Christmas present that I had to return for the wee one. With that said the childrens clothing is really cute! Yes, its also very expensive unless you are there during sale times, then the clothing is super cheap! I bought my wee girl some beautiful wool lined boots for 5 quid! Real leather, quality zip up boot! Amazing! So I do recommend the gap, when the items are on sale. I don't know about the Women's clothing line nor the Men's as I didn't look at them but the Childrens clothing is fab.
2	This is kind of a weird review because it's for Gap products but not actually about this store specifically.This is about Gap's maternity clothes. Back in the day when Gap had two stores on Princes St, there was actually a maternity section.  Actually having said that there is a vague bell ringing in the back of my head which suggests that this store may actually carry maternity. I'd say I need to check that out but...I discovered recently that Gap doesn't size their maternity clothes in a normal way.  Specifically, I think they size them to make women think that they've not gained weight.  That's all well in good if you fancy tricking yourself into thinking you've not changed a size, but it's less good for those of us who genuinely haven't, and buy their normal size on good faith that the clothes will actually fit.  And they basically do, for the first 30 minutes, until they stretch out and you're left hauling your trousers up every 10 steps because, despite your swelling stomach, your clothes are STILL too big.  It's a shame because my cords are genuinely cute, when they're yanked up to where they should sit.  So, although I kept the two pairs of trousers and one top I bought from here, I'm not entirely pleased with them. The trousers are baggy and the top is also too large. How about we all just deal with weight gain instead of having stores make up crazy enormous sizes that don't fit?
