4	Formerly Peckham & Rye, Henri's opened here in June 2011 after Peckhams went in to administration. There was a public (and by public I mean social media) out pouring of grief at the closure of its stores around Edinburgh. This place has big shoes to fill...My visit recently, on a not so sunny or warm day, was fueled by necessity. Jenny. L, Claire. C and I needed somewhere to eat after a laborious day trawling through the charity shops in Stockbridge. With all of us having various different plans for social activities that evening, and the fact that it was now far too late for our meal to be considered lunch, we needed somewhere that could provide us with both light snacks and more substantial meals. As none of us had been to Henri's before we decided to give it a go, as always relishing the opportunity to write a Yelp review for somewhere new.Henri's is comprised of a deli at the front of the store and a cafe to the rear, which was warm and inviting after being out in the cold. The place was packed (always a good sign) even though we were looking for a table well after 2pm. Our waitress very kindly managed to squeeze us around a table so we weren't kept waiting long. Naturally on a cold day everyone ordered tea, which was served loose leaf in brightly coloured tea pots, which I think can be bought from the store. (They were on shelves in the deli but unpriced so I have no idea how much the cost.) Cheese features heavily on the menu which severely limited my menu choices having a lactose intolerant diet. Ordering something was made all the more dangerous due to the menu being in French. With a little guidance from our waitress I decided on rillettes pur canard with toasted bread. The rillettes was mouthwatering, incredibly smooth and not terribly fatty as some pates can be.The staff were really accommodating and friendly and whilst the menu was a little on the pricy side it's a nice place to go as an occasional treat.Future reviewers! Find out how much the tea pots cost!
4	Very nice place for a light meal. Good choice of cheeses and other foods. Nice wine selection.
4	Located where Peckhams used to be, Henri is a French deli and cafe in Stockbridge, perfectly located for a stop during some charity shop shopping or after a wander in the Botanics and Inverleith Park, or even after a browse around the Modern Art Galleries.The coffee is very good, and I had only gone for coffee until recently. But after a wander up the Galleries the other day we had cheeky stop for coffee and got tempted by a platter of charcuterie and cheese.  We ordered a small size one, which was plenty for 2 for a late afternoon snack.  Different kinds of yummy cheese, and some saucisson, and ham, accompanied by a couple of olives and cornichons. Gorgeous!The deli counter has an extensive selection of French cheese, and if you like your smelly cheese, it is the place to go!They do bread and viennoiseries, which I hear are good.The shop also has an selection of French delicacies, from nougat to cassoulet. They also sell wines and other alcoholic drinks, which are a bit overpriced, but can be nice as a present.Being French myself, I find the shop expensive, but it is fabulous to make presents to a foodie friend or as a little occasional treat.  The cafe is however reasonably priced and the staff are very friendly.  I can only recommend the place.
4	As sad as it was to see peckams close in Stockbridge Henris have admirably stepped in an created a great coffee shop and deli.As well as a doing a great flat white and croissant they are one of the only shops in the city that stocks Puddledub pork. A huge lifesaver. No matter your ethics on the subject there are also one of the only purveyors of fois gras in the city, on nom nom.Great place for a chilled Sunday :)
4	A lovely little bakery and shop in the fabulous stockbridge. We stopped here for a quick pastry ( as you can see from my photo, it looks and tasted delicious) and a latte. Both I cannot fault. I also had great glee at looking at all the shelves of delicious food, pastas etc...oh and did I mention that they have a section at the front of the shop that sells fresh bread, salami and cheese! We bought some and i will definatley be back :) Made me smile
