2	Randomly came here during our roadtrip.  I thought it would be cool to eat here because of its name :P  These burgers taste as bad as a white castle burger. I can't determine which is worse! I'm giving an extra star because of it's unique name!
1	WhataBADburger.Couldabeenbetterburger.We came here on a quick stop before heading to our friends house and I remember the Texas Whataburger being so much better than this was!Soggy fries with no salt, and a smashed burger is what we ended up with. Sadness. Whataburger disappointment!
5	I'm finding it hard to believe this WB has two bad reviews.  First off it's a brand new location and is always very clean and this can be a hard thing to find in the fast food world. The first reviewer commented that her burger was smashed.  I'm having a hard time believing this.  WB cooks your burger fresh WHEN YOU ORDER IT then assembles it with fresh fixings and DELIVERS it to your table. Were in the 20 foot walk to your table could the burger have been smashed ?  I can't even comment on the second review.  She's comparing a White Castle to a Whataburger?  This doesn't even make sense to me.  How can a burger MADE FRESH when you ORDER it be a bad thing?  In the fast food world WB makes some of the best burgers there are simply because they are made fresh to order.  I've been visit this WB since they opened a few years ago and have always been extremely happy with everything from the service to the fresh made burgers to the cleanliness of the store.  In the fast food world what more could you ask for?
3	I have to admit the service was pretty good even though they were understaffed.  They were polite and friendly and the bathrooms were very clean.  The food is just okay and compare it to burger king. I do like you have an option to get onion rings on top of that which is nice, but you pay a little extra.  They deliver the food to you and ask you if you want ketup on top of that.  Anyways it was just okay.  I just do not know why I was craving it.
3	This location is near my work so if I want to get out and grab a quick bite I can do it.  I've gone though the drive-thru and gone inside to eat.  I have never been to a fast food burger place that brings your order to your table along with condiments and asks if you need anything else.  That is a very nice touch.  And they are friendly and smiling.  I am a purist and I usually eat my burgers plain.  Yes, plain.  No lettuce, no condiments, no nothing. I've been eating them this way since.....well.......since I started eating burgers and that was too long ago cause I'm old.  The burger was fresh, the bun was fresh and soft and the fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  I have no compliants.  Would this be my first choice for a fast food burger?  Not really but it's decent and they offer chicken options too.  It's busy at lunchtime both inside and at the drive-thru.  Service is fast though.  I honestly don't know how they keep the lines at the drive thru moving so quickly.  Thanks Whataburger for being a decent lunch option for me.
2	Whataburger what's the point, I got the Whataburger with cheese, onion rings and drink. It was a long wait, then the server brought out 3 orders at a time and my food was warm not hot. My onion rings where warm and greasy, they do theirs skimpy beer batter style not crunchy at all.  This location is near my job so it could be convenient but I don't know if I would bother since it was so underwhelming.
1	I don't know why I stopped here for lunch This afternoon. But I do know that I will never eat at a whataburger EVER again!This place has some of the most off the wall people working the cash register! This chick took my order; Then dosed off into a trance like stare at my "yoohoo" area... And NO I didn't have anything going on down there or nothing on my pants if that's what your thinking. Seriously though no joke I couldn't believe  what this chick was doing in front of the entire lunch hour rush that was storming in and out...I looked at her then politely said "umm hello? Miss, What are you looking at?" she came out of her spell and smiled at me with a kinda creepy half smile... Then as I was filling up my drink I caught her doing it AGAIN!NO I'm not gay and yes I do have standards. This chick was missing half her teeth and was about as old as bob barker.Yeah I literally couldn't even eat cause this chick made me loose my appetite. And the fact that my burger and fries tasted like it was soaked in a bowl of grease then sat under a heat lamp for about 20 minutes. They should shut this place down or turn it into a In N Out burger. NEVER AGAIN!
1	I'm certainly no burger aficionado, but having eaten at Burger King, McDonald's, In and Out Burger etc., I understand what to expect from greasy, mediocre, fast food. This was not mediocre in any way, but virtually inedible. The only thing I could compare it to is what you used to get out of a vending machine and then proceed to microwave. Absolutely the worst burger I've ever eaten in my life.
2	The drive through was very quick and service was friendly.However, I could not finish the burger. I took a couple bites and had to quit. There was so much grease. I regret not going to In-N-Out Burger. :-( The fries for whatever reason were not over powered in grease and actually were pretty good.
4	Tasty burger!I hadn't been to a Whataburger in YEARS, but I was in the area and needed food. I ordered just a burger and drink. My first thought was that it was a little pricey at a little over $7, but I *did* order a double burger. The people working there were very nice, service was fast, and the burger arrived hot and fresh. The double burger was worth the money, and the guy delivering it to my table asked if I needed condiments or a drink refill -- I thought that was nice.I got the green chile double burger, which consisted of two patties, two slices of cheese and a pile of green chiles on it -- they added a nice little kick. As some other reviewers mentioned, the burgers are a bit on the juicy side, so that could be a problem if you're eating in the car or just don't like your burgers that way. Careful, they come out HOT enough to burn your mouth!
1	My first and last Whatacrappyburger. Nasty grey patty and one of the heaviest burgers ever. Needed to cook some more once back home, but i could only eat half of this junk before I threw in the towel. Free fries and drink helped soften the blow, but this chain is a disaster. In and Out is way better. I can't believe how bad the burger was, too bad cause they spend alot of money on billboards, but not even on quality food obviously.
2	You get what you pay for and for what I paid, I guess I shouldn't have expected much more. The food was good, but nothing out of the ordinary for a burger joint. I liked the fries and the small drinks were HUGE.... but isn't that everywhere now a days. A+ for fast and friendly service. Prolly won't visit again--I'd rather go up the street to Micky D's for a Big Mac.
4	Tasty! Staff was friendly and helpful... Love to stop by when in the area. We ordered a #1 & #5 combo
1	Nasty!  I don't know how people eat here. I ordered the green chile burger and it was tasteless!  How can green chile have no flavor??  None...not even a hint of green chile flavor.  The hamburger itself was gray, tasteless.  The only thing good on the burger was the cheese and it wasn't even melted.  I don't know how they are still in business because it was disgusting.  I would never eat here again.  Not even if I was starving.
4	Staff is always friendly !Food is always fresh and hot! I am a fast food junkie waiting for my metabolism to catch up to me.I have had everything from their chicken strips to the burgers and it is always cooked fresh !
3	Whataburger are one of the well known fast food in this area and this is really a messy one.I want to acknowledge first their service! I can give them 5 star for that but their service is not all that I came here for. Its their food and their service but the food has the biggest factor here.The burger I ordered was really messy, dont know how the hell did it become that messy. I guess the kitchen staff need a little training on cleanliness on their food.The 5 star service that I wanna give is for the Counters. For the food its 1. My final Rating would be 3 star.
5	What can I say?  Its Whataburger!  Been eating here since I lived in Texas back in the early 90's.  I tried their new A1 burger with cheese and bacon.  It was made perfectly and giant as usual.  Waitresses still come around with the napkin/ketchup/sauce trays.  It was a great lunch.  Try it if you never have...
