1	Oh my god, I hate this UPS so, so, so much.  I have never been there 1 time when there wasn't some crazy ass shit going on and being completely mishandled by the single, bitchy, employee.  It is only open 4 hours a day.  It is clearly, drastically, understaffed by people who hate their jobs and take it out on the customers.  The computers never work, the lobby is way too small to handle the amount of traffic that comes through, and nothing is ever where it is supposed to be.One word in defense of the crabbiness of the employees though:  in my visits to this UPS customer service location I have witnessed some of the most astounding acts of customer stupidity I have ever witnessed in my life, including in 3 years of working in a cofee bar:--Trying to ship monster truck tires.  Not in boxes.  No addresses printed on them.  Just monster truck tires.--Trying to ship refrigerators.  Entire refrigerators.  PLURAL!  TWO REFRIGERATORS!  Also not in boxes--Trying to ship all of one's worldly posesseions.  In boxes this time, but in about 400 small boxes.If I had to deal with being yelled at because UPS charges more to ship monster truck tires than FedEx does very single day, I would be crabby too.
5	The customer service staff here are extremely helpful.    They have gone out of their way in the pass to make sure my packages are received.
1	A word to to the wise, don't use the pick-up option when you miss a delivery because the one lady who staffs this UPS Customer Center is cold, rude, constantly annoyed, mad, and completely unhelpful.  Keep in mind, it's called a Customer Center (they leave out "service" for a reason).I went there to pick up a missed delivery last night after calling the number on my door tag.  Yes, the automated message said someone would call me back within an hour to arrange for me to pick up the package.  However, I went to the website and it listed this location's hours until 6:30 PM and it was already after 6 so I just drove there assuming that they wouldn't be calling after 6:30 if the place was going to be closed.  When I went there the lady asked if I had just been called to which I replied "no" and explained that I figured I would show up now (6:20) because the website said they close at 6:30.  She then got annoyed with me and said "THESE are our hours" pointing to a not-so-prominently displayed sign on the wall saying they're open until 7:30.  I kindly apologized (not that it's my fault -- or even hers -- that their website has incomplete information) and let her know that information was not on the website.  I know she probably has this situation happen a lot because I actually remember another person doing the same thing I did a few months ago when I was there to pick up a package.  If I had remembered how the lady reprimanded that customer I would have never gone there before I got the phone call.Then I wanted to know if there was a way for me to go online and change my delivery so that it doesn't require a signature, but the lady cut me off before I could even get the question out.  I said, "excuse me, is there some way I can go online..." and she butts in (annoyed again), "yeeeesss, just go there" again pointing to a sign behind me that was half covered by a ladder.  So if you actually decide to use the pick-up option just remember they're open until 7:30 and patiently wait for the phone call.
