2	Ok, so I show up on a Sunday night (a.k.a. Valentine's Day in most of the Western world) to grab a drink with some friends, walked in the door and was greeted by three small children running for the door. If I were drinking something at the time, would have definitely done a spit take. My thought process: Kids? Bar? Then, why wasn't I allowed to go to a bar as a 6-year old? I felt momentarily robbed.There was definitely some kind of party going on, lots of balloons everywhere, country/western music blasting from the DJ booth. Lots of locals without a lot of teeth who got down with their bad selves on the dance floor, with a side of some Paco Paco holdovers wearing exotically printed tight dresses standing their ground. Drinks (premium) were $5.50, and were incredibly tiny. We stayed long enough to finish my miniature drink and headed out. Might give it another try when it isn't kid's birthday/Paco Paco Valentine's day/dancing toothless locals/Country/Western night. Maybe.
5	Dive Bar Heaven? Maybe. The night we went the jukebox wasn't on but they were playing some groovy 80's tunes. There's a pool table in the front room where you walk in. The roof lines are great mid century modern goodness. I love the ceiling. The bartender pours a fair drink I'm told. I'll have to make another trip after I'm off this diet. I'm looking forward to checking it out on the second Saturday of the month for Obscura (formally at the Ruby Room).
3	I am updating my review after attending Obscura, the mod/British/80s music night. There are few places in the Valley that spin music I like, where I don't want to leave the dance floor for hours and can get down with my bad self. Drinks and the drink specials were better, despite the bartenders having to work double-time for the packed house. (I also wised up and ordered a tall version of my drink, so I was much happier.)
3	wow this place got a facelift.  what used to be the ghost town of paco paco reinvented itself as rips and its been packed since.  it still has a dive bar feel but smells less like one.  Drink specials were pretty good when you could get the bartenders attention and lets just say they make em to put hair on your chest here.  its still new so no idea if they'll be able to keep the energy up but so far so good.
5	Obscura is super fun dance night held at Rips Bar every second Saturday! Obscura is a blend of indie, 80's new wave, with some Britt pop and 60's mod & soul. The crowd is really unpretentious and varied, mostly 20's to mid-to-late 30's. Everyone gets a raffle ticket and tons of prizes are given away all night long, usually concert tickets to almost all of the upcoming local indie shows, cd's, movie tickets along with a bunch of other fun swag. It's packed every month and a total blast! Expect to hear bands like The Smiths, MGMT, Depeche Mode, Phoenix, MIA, La Roux, Joan Jett, Passion Pit, David Bowie, Iggy Pop, James, Joy Division, The Clash, Rolling Stones, Killers, Vampire Weekend, Gorillaz, The Cure, James Brown, Jackson 5, The Ramones, New Order, Neds Atomic Dustbin, etc. spun by DJ Roya and Phx New Times/Az Republic's best DJ nominee Funkfinger.Rips is a great neighborhood dive bar, centrally located in Phoenix and sells the cheapest drinks in town! They have darts, fooseball and a pool table. The bar is somewhat split in half, a dance area (when Obscura is happening) and game/lounging area for the folks who want to just hang out and listen to good music but not necessarily dance. There is also an outside smoking patio.
5	I am so glad to know there is a place like Rips that's bringing back the younger night crowd to Phoenix. Yes, I do have other neighborhood bars that I casually have a drink at but Rips has great drink specials, the star-like ceiling is beautiful, and i love that it's also showcasing local artwork on its wall. What Phoenix was lacking was a rocking dance night. Since Hot Pink ended its Friday nights at Carumba's, Obscura at Rips has definitely filled the void. I definitely get pumped up for second Saturdays! I love dancing to music you don't hear everyday on the radio and the mix those two DJs spin is just what the doctor order after a long day of retail.Drinks, oh the drinks! Rips has an array of liquors and beers. Pinnacle vodkas...what flavor do they not make? I think I saw around a dozen different flavors from Pomegranate to Cotton Candy! Every time I return I try a new one.But most of all, I love the fact the owner kept the original vintage sign.  With the over sized red arrow outlined in light bulbs, you'll have no problem spotting it when driving down 16th street. I suggest you check it out and befriend the bar on Facebook because you don't want to miss out on specials or events.
3	I've been to Rips a few times and I really enjoy the laid back attitude and the fact that it's so close to my house. They used to give you yummy popcorn, when I went yesterday it was stale prezels, boo! I still want to try the Obscura dance night, sounds like fun!Honestly the only draw back is the not so friendly waitstaff. Get this, I had a 3 dollar well drink laid down a 5 and never saw any change. Even though I would have given you the $2 as a tip, you have NO right to assume it's yours without any communication. Really tacky! I hope to post a more positive review when I check out the Obscura night!
5	I ADORE this place!! It is right by my house, i can walk there and not have to worry about anything!!! It is super cool atmosphere with great music and a good mix of people. the bartenders are the best, big shout out to Becki!! the prices are low, the ceiling is popcorn glitter prob with a lil asbestos mixed it, but hey it is a old building!!! Friday nites are the best and then of course Saturdays!!! Gooo there!!!
4	I go to Rip's only when Obscura is happening, the second Saturday of each month.  I don't know if it's only during Obscura, but drinks are way cheaper than other bars, between $3-$5. I'm not sure how they determine that, as some bartenders only charge me $3 and others $5.  Sometimes there are (kind of annoying) drink promoters there handing out such fun things as footballs and key chains and shots of whatever drink they are promoting.  Obscura is a fun time for people who like good music. As in good music, I mean cool music that is considered "indie" and/or Brit pop, good stuff from the 90s. The DJ Roya and DJ Funkfinger always bring a good show. Obscura also features prizes from a raffle. I have never won, but at least one or more of my friends wins each time. The prizes include new release CDs, tickets to shows, etc. Rip's also has numerous other theme nights, but I have not been yet. I'm sure those might be just as fun. I get invites from their Facebook account for 80s night and other theme nights. I will definitely be back in the next months during Obscura.
3	The place feels retro 60's. I love the building and their outdoor sign. Rip's is an old house that was converted into an old bar and it definitely has that old-school vibe. It is inhabited by one of the strangest mash-ups of people you will ever find. If you like to people-watch (and enjoy the circus) come down here on the weekend. I enjoyed myself overall, but I'm not making this an official hangout.
2	This place is not what I expected. I expected a hipster bar with a decent selection of beers (it says ales) in a funky but cool building. What I got was an alcoholic bar with a shit selection of drinks and beers, and a bunch of 60 year olds who had been drinking alone since 'Nam ended. This place is grimy, dirty, and kind of scary. There were a few charachters who came in through the front door and scared the crap out of everyone. There was a guy smoking in the bar and the bartender didn't ask him to stop. It's just a shit hole.
2	Went in this Wed night to get away from the housemates. Was not in the most upbeat manner. Found the place boring. Football on all screens jukebox cut off. Bunch of old guys mostly. The rest were mostly fat couples getting wasted and guys with to much sideburns.Then a couple of brothers (black men) also old walked in wearing their throw back Shaft leather jackets. Totally weird crowd!The bartender was a slim young woman that needs to go to bartending school. I watched her attempt to make cocktails with more than 2 ingredients. What a disaster! She over pours and under pours and added some ingredients like whiskey to what was suppose to be a long island!   Pours the largest straigt shoots I have ever seen and I tell you I have been to bars like in MT, WY, AK and New Orleans and not seen anything close to this size of a shoot!Consulted with some off duty guy on how to make 6 Kamikazes (ended up being 5 and she had to make another that end up being 2.5 drinks instead of 1) and together with a book they came up with a cranberry version because, get this they have no lime juice! What sorta bar in the SW opens its doors without LIMES or LIME JUICE?  The guy kept calling the drink Cosmos and I kept repeating I know the difference and the order was KAMIKAZES.  Then he brings me the book and is still pointing out Cosmos!  I verbally give the bartender the recipe for Kamikazes plus the variation for a blue one. Guy says you must make a lot of drinks! I say you want to hire me - I've got experience?I tell you if they want to keep the doors open they better get some help with bar and budget knowledge. The budget is being shoot by over pours and wrong pours and if the liquor control sees this they're certian to be busted/fined. Hey but the bartender knows how to wash glasses well so that was a relief to see.And it's true that drinks are about $4 though the sign says $5! LOLWhat an experience. I left confident in my bartending skills though I haven't poured in a month!
4	This place reminds me of Ky's in the early days when Randy was working the place. I am a big fan of Ky's, GLAM and Shady's. And if you don't know either then you won't understand this at all. I know they keep advertising this place to all you tempe kids and scottsdale schmucks, but really Rips is a neighborhood bar.   So if you don't like hanging out in the shadows with some shady characters walking in the door once in a while, like the pussy below, and a nice pour on the drinks then head back to your home town and your comfort zone because we are very comfortable without you here.To the Owners... Dave, Karl and Monique, if you want this place to stay alive don't advertise it.  Word of mouth is better.  Those tempe kids will drop Rips like a hot potato the day they don't see tons of action. Same with the snottsdale douchbags.  If you wanna keep Rip's ripping it up then let it develop a strong local vibe.BTW Obcsura rocks and so does Dj Manchester.
4	What's to like about this funky geodesic-dome-looking hold-over from the 1960's?Lots of things:Drink deals. Tall doubles for $3.50 on the wells the night we were there. They have Stella and some other good beers on tap.Live music and cool DJ's.The don't-give-a-fuck feel of a skid row place.A wild variety of regulars of every race and persuasion.  Some old gay guys didn't get the memo that it's no longer a gay club, so they hang around anyway. They're not out to get you.Go if you know what a dive looks like and enjoy the atmosphere of a dive.This isn't a place to pose. It's a place to drink cheaply and hear some different tunes, and talk to people with a different outlook on life.What's not to like about this place?The pool table is positioned so you need to place the cue between people sitting at the bar to make half of your shots.
2	It really depends on the night. If Phil's was still there I'd never come here but since it's not, here I am.
4	My girl friends and I finally made it to Obscura last night and we had an amazing time!  The night started with some indie tunes here and some electro songs there, which was a nice change from the usual, booty-poppin, bumpin n' grindin songs you'd hear at other bars or clubs.  As the night progressed, they started playing a lot of old songs from the 80's and 90's, and I was seriously in HEAVEN! (Anybody that knows me well knows that I am in love with 80's music...) Every song that was played kept me out on the dancefloor! If it hadn't been for the plans we made with other friends later in the night, we would have stayed until closing time.In addition to awesome music, they have wallet-friendly prices on drinks all night.  And from my experience last night, the people here were cool.  And didn't have to deal with the unpleasant surprise of a creeper sneaking up from behind and dancing with their crotch on me, which is probably why I don't go out to bars or clubs so much anymore. I wish this place was closer to my house!  But of course, being in the West Valley, there isn't anything too cool and exciting until you've reached Phoenix and east...I definitely will be coming back next month for Obscura!
3	Rip's is a pleasant surprise.  I would rate it 3.5 if that were an option.  It's a lot bigger of a place than it actually seems.  Bartenders make good drinks  (or you can go for the PBR of course) and the prices are better.   There have been some good bands there if you like live music, here's a place to check out.  The crowd is eclectic.  I think if a few more Cen Pho  20s & 30s somethings (Scottsdale crowd and hipsters excluded) made this a regular spot it'd be even more fun, but I do love the extreme variety of people from all walks of life that do make an appearance here.  Definitely a good place to stop on a bar crawl night!
5	Great crowd and fun place for locals!!! Tried this place out a couple weeks ago on a whim and must have picked the right night to go. Friendly bartender and great music through out the night.  The drink price were definitely fair and cocktails were good.  I wouldn't go here all the time, but it is nice bar that avoids a lot of the scottsdale bar scene if you want to get away from that.....
4	OK... I went to Rip's for my very frist time just two weeks ago. I had very high expectations... the place looks SO RAD from the outside with its old school sign and oddly shaped building! Biggest. Letdown. Ever. It was a Monday night, so as you can probably guess we walked into a pretty empty bar. To make the experience even more awkward, we were greeted by karaoke. Bad karaoke. I mean really bad. I immediately began to draft this Yelp review in my head... But then my wife suggested we come back for Obscura that following Saturday. So I held off. I wanted to give Rip's a second chance, because deep down I really wanted to like it.Fast forward to Saturday night: Obscura. Upon walking in, we were greeted with a much different scene... Loud (but good) music, lights, dancing, and PEOPLE... lots and lots of people! We hung out at a table on the smoking patio, crushing $3 Dale's Pale Ale (also a huge draw for me), and after a few drinks decided to go back inside and get our dance on!! The music was great, the drinks were cheap, and everyone was just there to have a great time! Will I ever be back on a Monday? No way in hell. But I'm at least open to coming back on a weekend, and I'll definitely check out Obscura again in the near future!
5	Rip's has become our favorite neighborhood bar for a few reasons.  The first and most important being Karaoke.  There's a reason it was voted best in the valley (New Times '11).  Karaoke is usually pretty terrible, but not at Rip's - the host, Jen, is a great host and singer.  And the other singers vary in skill, but the crowd is always supportive.  Drinks are usually pretty cheap, and all the bartenders are great - the kind that like to know your name.  Obscura is not a typical night for Rip's, but is an AWESOME dance night.  Stop by Rip's any day for a good time.
1	More like Rip offs. Got dragged here last night by some friends. Wasn't impressed the first time I went a few months ago so I didn't have much for expectations. $5 dollar cover for 80's music? That's fine I guess. Could've gone to the Crescent where there's a better DJ for free. They also gave us "2 for 1" coupons at the door that we could use for drinks. Not bad I guess. I had a Boddington's and two Sessions that I used my 2fer card on. Ended up leaving in a hurry and didn't notice when I closed my tab that they charged me $24 for my three beers!!!!! One of which was supposedly free!!!!! Seriously!? I didn't realize it until I looked at my bank statement today. Don't have a receipt and don't want to waste the time and effort to go talk to whatever sketchy-ass bartender is working there. Leaves me no choice but to dispute it with my credit card company. Never going back.
3	Great dive bar that serves up stiff drinks that won't hurt your wallet. The inside is dark, ghetto and retro. They have local art on the walls which I think is awesome. The front entrance is where you'll find a pool table, behind which is a long bar which leads to a dance floor/staging area when they have live entertainment. You'll usually find a friendly crowd and no attitude or pretense from either them or you bartender. As with any dive bar, you will of course have to contend with the requisite weirdo who wants to tell you about his days working the railroad. At this point though you can excuse yourself to the patio for a smoke.  This is more of a place where you would probably wind up to end the night......or after brunch after drank all the mimosas.
4	I don't have a mohawk, or a shirt that says "The Smiths" or "The Clash", so I can only fit in Rips' social scene with my awkward attempts at charming wit.When I heard the band jamming inside, and saw the dance floor packed, I was delighted to cough up the $5 cover. I saw the great selection at the bar, and guzzled some woodchuck winter cider while my pal grabbed some well-made cocktails. The wait wasn't long, and the staff was personable. The bottled beer selection also rocks. I got the Red Hook IPA, and before I knew it I had a mighty buzz, with many strangers striking up conversations. The atmosphere here is friendly, and this is coming from a Yelper  who usually sits in a corner surrounded by empty PBR cans. I just can't get the hang of that stupid game they have on the patio! If you try it and win, tell me your secret!Oh, and one more thing: I kept hearing about "Obscura", which sounds like something so awesome that it's too cool for me to understand without checking it out. I'll be back.
3	I used to come here every weekend when Philthy Phil's was open, but after they closed I never had a reason to be over there. Though I did venture there a few weekends ago again...Things that are Great:-The music. Always great mixes and totally perfect for the crowd.-The drinks. Made right and made strong.-The space. The back patio and inside and bar are the perfect sizes for a large crowd without being too packed in. Things that are Okay:-The dance floor. I don't know when they put a stage in, the dance floor was great before that though.-The cover. It sucks to pay cover but it's only $5 and it usually doesn't start till late (10 or 11pm).-The prices. Nothing special, but nothing worth going out of your for.Things that are Crappy:-The SERVICE oh my god could these bartenders be any more rude? I've had drinks forgotten about, told I need to update my ID (wtf?), had eyes rolled at me (for having a Yelp discount, no less), and been blatantly told "we'll take your drink order later". The bartenders are so unhappy and angry to be there, it's miserable just watching someone be so unhappy.Overall, a great place to dance and drink with friends for a suitable price. If the location was better and the bartenders had any semblance of emotion outside of  anger, it'd be a 5 star.
4	Quite a crowd.. super chill spot great drink prices.. I'm excited to find this diamond in the rough
4	cool building, great beer list, cool set up.  I'll be back.
4	So, some friends texted for me to get my keester down to Rips, because they were doing their super rad 80's-style dance party (a.k.a. Obscura). I had just had my fill of two stepping and line dancing at the Cash Inn, so I figured I could use something a little more my style.  It cost five smackers to get in, which included a raffle ticket (for what, I don't know...obvs I didn't win...stop rubbing it in).  They were totally spinning the sweet stylings of 80's bands of yore.  This was my kind of party.  I spotted my friends on the dance floor somehow (it was pretty packed) and jumped right in.  The dance area was darker, with lots of little lights bouncing off from every which way and movies were playing behind the DJ.  I can't comment on the drinks or prices of said beverages, as I was being a responsible driver.  The vibe of this place was great, although I heard that Obscura only happens once a month, so it may very well be different on other nights.  I will definitely be back to get my 80's fix again next month!Like, gag me with a spoon I must be really freaking out, cause no other Val dude can touch these guys! (anyone?) :)
4	I heard this awesome band from LA is playing Friday and Saturday night, gotta check it out for sure!
3	This is a neat hangout for craft beer people and slightly alternative people. I like the architecture, the decor, and the pool table (although I did not play). The beer list is impressive if you're into that. There does seem to be a significant emphasis on beer lifestyle. My husband and I went for Birthday Suit Burlesque on Friday, Sept. 21. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the bartenders could have been a lot friendlier, and customer service is a big deal to me. We also found it tough to find a decent place to sit/stand to see the stage, unobscured. We watched most of the performances on the monitor behind the bar. I really liked that the monitor was there, but it seemed to cheapen the experience, it was like watching the girls on a security camera. Although I originally felt that I was among like-minded individuals, my husband and I got a lot of prolonged stares and then I felt like the place was really clique-y and probably not very hospitable to "outsiders." The drink specials made it relatively painless for us to drink there. We stayed for about an hour (even after paying the $6 cover) and left, feeling underwhelmed by the show.
4	Still a fan of the music and overall vibe. One of the few bars in this part of town doing special events (i.e. Zombie-walk wrap party, themed music nights, that sort of thing)I've noted that the later it gets, the gayer it gets. It starts off as predominately hipster and as Midnight approaches seems predominately gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that, mind you . . .
3	Divey.  Nice patio area.  If you're a chick, expect to get hit on my the old fixtures at the bar.  Decent drinks.  Great bands!
5	Birds chirped in the sunshine, suv's full of well dressed brats in patent leather shoes and sunday finery were carted off to church, old folks sat on their porches with coffee and the Az republic, others gathered for brunch, more still awoke to Sunday morning broad casts and weekend chores- yet not Scott and I. We rode down sixteenth street like mongols, drunk on pillage and homemade mimosas, the wind whipping our unkempt hair as we shouted curses at cars that sped by. The destination was uncertain, yet our buzz weened and the midtown lands loomed unfamiliar.  The canned wine we toted along on our trusty metal steeds had ran out and like a mirage, Rips Bar shimmered in the distance. We reared up and walked the mounts to the front door in attempts to find a sturdy rail to chain them to, a painter told us to check around the back entrance. Stepping inside the dimly lit interior, there was only one crusty ancient drunk patronizing the bar, I scanned the digs of the place and grinned cuffing Scott on the shoulder. "first round's on me" I croaked in a dry voice. "word" Scott said deep and solemn. We walked up to the bar and bellied up on stools, as the voluptuous bartender sauntered over. She gave us both a look up and down and in a sultry husky voice inquired "what'll it be?". Scott asked her if they had any seasonal specials, and she rattled off a few and declared that bloody mary's would be the special of note. I ordered one and Scott opted for a domestic draft. I traded a dollar for some quarters and headed over greedily to the galaga machine, I planned to out do the best score.  Out of the corner of my eye I watched as the rockabilly bartender made my bloody, aghast I stiffled a gasp. In revulsion I watched in horror as she took several jars of some pickled substance or other and sloughed some of the brine into my glass, I shuddered. If there is one form of food that I despise and almost pathologically fear it is pickled anything. Since the days of my childhood when my younger brother would chase me around the house with a half eaten pickle in his outstretched hand and giggle as he tormented me, I have always hated them.  I resigned myself to the fate that awaited me. I told myself 'how gross could it be? I've had hundreds of bloody mary's before, surely someone has made one akin to this and I probably didnt even realize.' Man up! I thought. Even still I felt condemned. Soon she would place it before me, and I'd gingerly sip and make a face and she'd know how big of a wuss I am and I'd never be able to come to this awesome biglebowski-esque bar ever again.  My hands trembled and grew damp as I lost round after round on Galaga, attempting to forstall the inevitable, finally my quarters were spent and I turned to face my trial. I closed my eyes, and held my breath, as I took a long pull from the glass and swallowed quickly. What hit me first wasnt the putrid taste I had thought would overwhelm me, in fact there wasnt anything putrid about it, what hit me was the amount of vodka in my glass, like someone shattered that glass on the crown of my skull. It was salty, and viscous, and strong like bull. It was spicy and tart and peppery. It was tangy and sweet and sour all at once. It was probably the best dive bar bloody mary I had ever had, and I was pleasantly surprised.   Sitting out on the porch with a smoke and my half full glass for company as Scott tittered on with the one grizzly patron inside, I felt warm and content, and I vowed never to let appearances deceive me again, lest I miss out on some salty new experience.
4	Central Phoenix wouldn't be the same without Obsecura at Rips!
3	Go here for your 80s cover bands - Motley Crue, Metallica, etc.Place is an extremely interesting time warp.
3	I usually love this place. Monday night karaoke is a must. Obscure is also a blast with amazing music. But recently I went by with some friends for last call around 130 am and the bartender was just so rude about it. Her name was Monique. She gave my friend such a hard time about having a passport instead of a state ID (really?) and just started telling us about another employee getting fired. Next time I feel like getting a last minute drink, I won't.
4	Used the deal offered on yelp last night. The $5 cover was worth listening to awesome music, dancing and people watching! Definitely coming back here again!
5	Rip's is a great bar with friendly staff and wonderful dance nights. We attend Obscura every second Saturday of the month and are never disappointed.
4	Fabulously strong (and well priced) margaritas, served in a no-nonsense, working class, punk/alt rock bar with occasional theme events and live bands, AND it's close enough for me to walk to/stumble home from??    Yes please!
4	Okay...so I've read thru some of the reviews. I remember when it used to be Paco Paco (also a fun-spot), but that was in my past-life experience, and it bears not-a-lot of resemblance to the place it used to be. And I'm not complaining.Yes, the music is pretty frickin badass (we went on Saturday but I don't believe it was an Obscura night). I'm a punk rock girl (don't let the current wave of office-inspired playwear fool you) and I enjoyed their ecclectic music mix of 80's subversive occasionally poppy songs...the drinks are good and well-(well meaning decent, not well meaning bottom-shelf bar)-priced.It's nicely dark and murky...unless you sit by the door, which is what we did at first...hey! we were trying to pace ourselves (that didn't really work, I think I sucked back 4 Jack and Cokes in 30 minutes, don't judge me, I had a rough day!) 4 drinks...under $25. You have won my loyalty. (So what, I'm easy)So during that first 30 minutes, I was my counter-characteristically (read: sober) delightfully demure and polite self...by minute 45 I was back to normal and having a grand old time, making friends, making enemies, trying to make friends out of aforementioned enemies...you know, whatever. Anyone who said that alcohol isn't the answer was not asking the same questions I asked that night. And I absolutely love the conglomeration of off-beat characters that came through the door. This dive bar kicks patooty.I like it. I like it alot.
4	I've been to Rips a few times. It's right down the street from my house- stumbling distance. The time we went with our rockabilly friends was a lot of fun. We danced all night to the bands, and I was too plastered to realize how many people were smooshed in to that little bar. There was a near-fight between my friend's husband and a big guy who was not leaving my friend alone. So of course, there's that...On other occasions, I've gone and it was just way too crowded. It was like this "EXCUSE ME!!! EXCUSE MEEEE!! CAN I GET A JACK AND COKE PLEASE?? NO, JACK!! YEAH!! AND COKE!! A JACK AND COKE!!" I'm not a huge fan of screaming, really. Well, usually. ;)Anywho, this place is good for a rowdy rockabilly/punk sorta crowd. A little too intense for my innocent looking self and low key husband. I'd like to check it out on a Thursday some time. And I'm always seeing something advertised for Wednesdays, although we've never checked it out. Maybe some day.
5	Five Dive Bar Stars...Love this place ... have been coming here since I discovered their amazing 80s night (Shadowplay) 3ish years ago...My first night here was definitely  a religious experience!  Was blown away when I heard what the DJ was spinning... the soundtrack to my life!!  David Bowie, Morrissey, The Smiths, Depeche Mode, The Cure, Joy Division, The Specials, Nitzer Ebb, and Front 242 and the list goes on!  So yes, DJ Manchester rules!  How could you not when you've named yourself after the music capital of Universe!  With the bars eccentric Viper Room-esque  punk rock vibe, this place makes me feel like I'm at a modern day GBGBs!     Awesome regulars and bar staff...Have made the BEST of friends at this Venue! This has become a favorite local hangout for so many...there is literally something going on every night of the week!From their kick ass band nights (tributes and rockabilly galore) to their ridiculously fun DJ Dance nights to the midweek mellow Motown/ska/ or anything goes nites --this place is a freakin gem!! Not to mention, the bartenders are extremely friendly with their POURS ha and they have the coldest Blue Moon on Earth!   Love, love, love Rippin it up & getting Ripped at Rips!!
4	If you like dive bars this place is a lot of fun. They have an area for dancing and patio for hanging out. Sometimes there's even a food truck!
2	I just went to this place this weekend per an invite from a fellow Yelper. I had never heard of this place so when she asked if I wanted to come here, I had to ask her what it was. This is very much a Dive bar. When I walked in, it was exactly what I expected. It is very small with a stage in the corner and a patio out back for the smokers. There is really only one reason I gave it the 2 stars and not 1. It had Magic Hat #9 on tap. There was also a great selection of spirits. I tried a Jack Honey and coke and it was so good. The night we went, there were live bands performing. Usually I love going on those nights but this one was just too loud. I couldn't even talk to someone unless my mouth was in their ear. As far as the clientele goes, it was definitely goth night. That is not usually my crowd. Eventually, we decided to visit the patio and I thought it was nice. It was definitely not as loud so you could have a conversation but you have to be ok with cigarette smoke. I never mind trying out new places but unfortunately, I was not impressed. Maybe it will be different the next time.
3	This place was interesting. It was small and very divey. There were tons of people crammed into this place. It seemed like it was like hipster heaven apparently, heh. I don't know but the bro and I were super amused. Being Asian, I'm terrible at driving related things so I couldn't find the parking so I parked at the AutoZone next door. I should've just parked on the side walk. It would've been a easier walk. They have an outdoor smoking and drinking patio. There was a local no-name band playing. There was quite a number of people that were dancing there. They also had a pool table. The felt was in pretty decent condition. The drinks were relatively inexpensive. The bartenders were alright but couldn't make a Blue Hawaiian or a Liquid Cocaine but that's alright since people rarely ask for those drinks anywhere. The smoking patio was just as filled as the inside. There seemed to be people from somewhat different walks of life trying to have conversation outside. After finishing our drinks, we left. I wouldn't mind coming back here but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Strangely, it reminds me of the Yucca Tap Room in Tempe but much smaller.
3	Gritty, dirty, grungey ol dive bar, what more can you expect? Cheap drinks. 3 stars because the bartenders aren't friendly. But whatever.
5	I spent 1.5 hours at the live jam. Open mic. Played the drums and had a blast jamming for about 1.25 hours. These guys were fun! I sang and played everything from voodoo child to journey to eagles. Great group of guys & gals.
4	Very cool dive bar! Went with a friend and we played pool while we had a cocktail. Prices were average for a decent drink. Go have fun listen to the jukebox!
4	One of my favorite dives!I've been here when it's quiet, I've been here for live music, and I've been here for DJs and dancing. Day drinking, night drinking - and now they open at 6am, so I may even start occasional morning drinking here! It's small, it's dark, it's a dive. A dive with a solid beer selection and a surprising stock of alcohol for the size. Hipsters, punks, old vets. White, Black, Hispanic, Native, Asian - everyone is here!Staff is competent - and since I grade with a different set of standards when looking at dives - in the ladies room, both stall doors close and lock - there is always toilet paper, soap and paper towel. Given how some dives are, this place is a major treat!I celebrated my last birthday here, have met new friends here and have had a blast dancing and imbibing and chatting with my friends for hours on end.What more could I ask from a neighborhood haunt?
4	I looove this barrrr, it's my kinda place...Seriously tho, I love this bar. The bartenders are wonderful. I've spent many a night in a dive bar and these bartenders are just the best. By your second visit they'll remember your drink, by your third or fourth your name, by visit five your best friends. It is a dive however, so don't walk in expecting 5 star accommodations. Bathrooms are old and a little gross, some of the regulars are a bit sketchy but if you enjoy a good jukebox, friendly faces, cheap drinks, karaoke and live music this place is sure to impress.
5	Party with Sedated!!!! Rita its a blast, great drink specials, live bands... Cool crowd!!! Come on down!!!
5	Stopped in since this place is on the Crafty Bastards card list (you can sign up for one on the Phx Newtimes website). The bartender Renee was awesome and they have some great deals on craft beers! It seems like everyone is super friendly as another one of the bartenders introduced himself to us. Definitely would recommend checking this place out!
4	Excellent dive bar. Really great karaoke song selection on Sundays, Mondays, and Tuesdays. Cheap drinks, and a good indie/rock kind of place.
4	Met up with some friends on a Friday night for a UYE of Cards against Humanity down at Rips, and  I have to say is a pretty cool dive bar.Nothing fancy but cool none the lessThey have a live band playing, but it wasn't too loud, you could sit by the pool table and really not be bothered by the band, no need to yell to talk with your friends. As the group grew we had to move it to the patio area, which is pretty sweet too, lots of people talking and enjoying the night.Also when you check in on Yelp, you will get a $1 off your beer or cocktail, that's pretty sweet! Bartenders are nice, the band was good. Friday night was a good night! Rips is great dive bar in the valley! Yep I'll be back again.
5	Strong drinks and great music. I will definitely be coming back every second and third Saturday of the month to get my drunk dance on. The people who attend are super friendly too, I showed up by myself and ended up befriending a group of funny girls. Would go by myself again if I had to.
