4	Great customer service, love Dr. Jeffrey Herman. I gave only 4 stars because your Wi-Fi DOESN'T WORK!!!! :(
1	I saw Dr. Luong. I came in for a cleaning and had a little stain on a back tooth filling that I worried might be a cavity starting so she recommended redoing the filling and she said white fillings only last a year or two (although I've had my other ones for 5+ years with no problems).  She gave me a shot to numb it before starting the filling, and I don't know what she did but the shot sent a terrible pain into my ear and after 30 min I still felt no numbness so she had to give me another shot in my gums and this time it worked somewhat but I still felt pain while she was working on the tooth.  I've had plenty of fillings but never had to take two shots, with terrible pain in the ear which makes me think she did not insert it in the right place.  She did the filling and it was painful.  Within a week, that tooth had terrible sensitivity it never had before.  I came back for her to check the bite and she tried filing it down a little and said it should be fine.  It has now been 3 months and the tooth has never been the same.  It often hurts when I bite something crunchy so now I have to avoid chewing on that side.  When I arrived, there was no staff in the front and I had to look for the number I called to make the appointment .  At first they couldn't find my appointment.  When they finally did, I had to wait for the staff at her office next door, Toothfairy Dental, to come over to give me my initial paperwork to fill out.She is a pleasant lady but I will never go back to this dentist  I had my kids cleanings scheduled for her but after my experience I immediately canceled my kids appointments.  I just saw the other horrible reviews for her ToothFairy Dental practice and I'm glad my kids won't have to go through what I did.  When she did the cleaning and recommended the cavity filling, she did the cavity filling during the same appointment immediate after the cleaning, so I guess her calendar isn't too full.I would stay away.  I have been lucky to never have bad dental work till now (I'm 36) and this sucks that I now have a tooth that she made worse.  I question how much experience she has as a dentist.
