4	Fiesta Jalisco is the newest of the Downtown Matthews Mexican Triangle.  Two blocks or less from each other there are three Mexican Restaurants!Today is Tuesdays and I'm checking this place out for the Tuesday Fajita Special!  Greeted by four friendly staff members and warm Chips, that is a good sign!  They have really fixed this place up, it looks like a Fiesta!Salsa and Pico de Gallo to go with my Chips and Fajitas.  The Salsa was fresh and served with a Spoon (that is a GREAT sign - Pile it on!) with plenty of: Onion, Cilantro and Jalapeno and of course Tomato (I left out the Tomato one time and another time no one could guess the primary ingredient).  This Salsa had good flavor, better than most and "spicier" than many places serve.  Maybe it needed more Garlic?  Want a kiss?  The Pico was made with Cabbage and it better be if you want me as a fan.  I had Two plates of Pico and two bowls of Salsa!  Anyone want to go on a road trip in a smart car with me?  If you don't get it you don't get it!The Fajitas came out sizzling and appeared plain compared to the overcooked version I'm used too!  The flavor was very good and perfectly cooked!  These are not the overly seasoned variety that gives Mexican food a bad name.  the Peppers and onions were perfect still full of color since they had been prepared so carefully, or perhaps they only wanted to serve me fast!  The result was better than I expected!The only letdown of the meal was the Guacamole, though fresh it had way too much SALT!  Which I'm sure they will fix because Nothing else in the meal was salty. I'm not a fan of Guac anyway so it matters very little to me!  It only appears here for you!Here is the yelp star rating for my dine for lunch today!Salsa: 3.65 yelp stars (I ate two bowls)Pico de Gallo: two plates and 3.95 starsChicken Fajitas:  4.25 starsThe Service was great, friendly, polite and the request were executed perfectly!  The service as usual with my reviews does not increase the overall rating of my review! The music was what I would expect and some of the better tunes that I hope for though do not expect!This is at least the fourth Business to go in this spot since I moved to the area in 2003.
5	Tonight was the second visit for me and my wife since we moved to Matthews in early February. I am a big Mexican food fan and I think it's pretty hard to find a good Mexican place in North Carolina. I guess I've been spoiled since I lived in Arizona for a couple of months and have had it in California and Texas.Nonetheless... out of all of the Mexican restaurants I have been to in NC, this one is my favorite. The first night we went, they had a guacamole cart and someone making it fresh in front of us. It was very good. In fact, it was the first time that my wife tried it - and she is a pretty picky eater - but she liked it. I didn't find it overly salty and the flavors all balanced each other out. I always judge a Mexican restaurant by the salsa. I personally like spicy stuff, so when the salsa is bland, I can pretty much count on the meal being bland. And that's NOT what Mexican food is supposed to be! That's what American food is. :-)The salsa here is very good - cilantro, diced tomatoes, onion, and of course - tomato. It was decently spicy too but not overly spicy. I have had tacos, an enchilada, a chile relleno, and an avocado tostada. The tacos were really good, pretty standard but they had good flavor. I usually don't like enchiladas, but I liked the one I had here. I wasn't a huge fan of the chile relleno because it wasn't just a pepper with meat and cheese... it had some sort of batter that it was cooked in. I guess that's the style down here since the other places I have been had it the same way. The avocado tostada (my meal for tonight) was very delicious. I hadn't ever had that before, so I was being a little adventurous. It had a corn tortilla on the bottom, and was topped with chicken, lettuce, tomato, and salsa. Everything was very good.I will definitely be back and I hope that they stick around for a while!
3	The place looks a little dismal from the outside but the interior decor is campy and cheerful with a the bar all light up in green, blue and red neon lights, it kind of put me in a good mood as I walked in the door.  Maybe because I spoke to him in Spanish the waiter told to to wait and ran off to bring me the authentic menu, it's the one with a photo to show what each dish looks like -very similar to El Riconcito Mejicano, my fave Mex in Miami. Some of them looked killer, I told myself I want that ... then I saw that the price was $24!!  That's right, prices were $15 to $32 per dish!  It seems way excessive for the locale. The waiter told me the restaurant has only been open for 3 month, maybe they'll readjust the pricing. I ordered from the Americanized menu  the enchiladas in Jalisco sauce - they were ok - and a Bohemia beer . The salsa was exactly as described, but the Taco chips were very dry and hard, careful swallowing . And the flan was  ... flan. I like flan. The dinner was very reasonable, under $20 including tax and tip but I have to try the other menu one of these days.
3	I decided to try one of the dishes from the picture menu - which btw range $15 to $40!! I have to ask next time if the $30+ dishes are meant to be shared family style.I ordered a "fiesta de Asumpcion" (I think?), a large plate of shrimp ceviche for $16. When the plate first arrived it looked ... flat. Where's the shrimp? The shrimp was flat and mushy kind of like white anchovies but it tasted terrific. It didn't look like much but there actually was a lot of shrimp, onions, avocado and it was plenty enough for dinner. A little too picante in spots and I eat very picante so consider yourself warned. In the future I'd love to share this dish as an appetizer but I'm not so keen in making a dinner out of it. There's definite potential to this restaurant. Service was a bit hectic and rushed , the place was not THAT busy but it's a fairly new restaurant.The Margarita special ($7,50) is large but a too sweet and syrupy for my taste, I like Pure Taqueria's Margarita better and it's right around the corner. So far I'd rate this restaurant 3 1/2 stars but I'm deducting a 1/2 star for the ambitious prices on the more interesting  (picture) menu. I mean $16 for pork chops, refried beans and rice? There's plenty of potential to this place and most of all there are not too many really good venues in Matthews, so they have a bit of a captive audience.
5	I lived in California for 7 years, and this is the best Mexican food I've eaten since leaving in 1999. The moment you walk in the door you are greeted by warm and friendly staff, you're quickly shown to a table, and you're quickly brought warm chips, salsa and pico de gallo ( the salsa is surpurb!) I have had quite a variety of food from there over the last couple of months, and everything has been absolutely delicious!
3	This has to be the best lunch deal in Matthews: $6 or $7 for a REALLY good and copious Mexican lunch. There are plenty of dishes to chose from, plus the service was cheerful and eager too. When I think of the customers herded on line at the Chipotle franchise (only 2 minutes away!) to spend more and get so much less ...... I must wonder what's wrong with people!
4	Great place in town!!!
4	The one thing you will not do here is leave hungry - assuming you stay long enough to place your order, of course, and that is part of the problem.Some restaurants you expect to not be terribly fancy, so you go in knowing that. In this case, the outside doesn't look like much, but it gives you hope that there is a quaint little joint on the inside. Be prepared for what lies within.The floors are bare, the tables sparse - it's like a scene out of Pacific Heights, and not when Melanie Griffith and Matthew Modine fix up the house. I'm talking after Michael Keaton removes all the fixtures, so all you have left is a bare floor and a card table.This isn't to say it's bad - it's just completely unexpected, especially if you've been here before. The cute little Italian place that used to be here? No more.If you make it this far, however, the service is solid, and the food good - and you get plenty of it, so sit back and enjoy. Just don't lean too far or the card table may collapse.
4	CLOSED DOWN - there's a restaurant called Tacos and Tequilla standing in its place.I'm only giving it 4 stars so Yelp sort doesn't bury this review at the bottom.
4	Not as bad as last review said it is. Food was delicious and at a great price. Perfect place to go if you want to talk with a friend and not be interrupted because the service is slow! Sad to say the waiter walked past us several times while we waited for him to take the order and had to tell him we wants the check. You would think he would of brought it when we asked for a to go box.
4	Love, love, love the food!  Service lacks a lot.  Very slow but we keep going back for the good food!
