3	Looking for a quick coffee and something sweet, but not wanting a chain coffee shop, I was delighted to find Bar A Beurre at the edge of the old city. I tried one of their "signature" desserts, a boules de beurre in the original Nonna Maria flavor. It did not have too much taste, despite how pretty it was, and was a tad over sweet. I also tried a peanut butter cookie sandwich with peanut butter butter cream filling - definitely too sweet! If this place can make their desserts taste as good as they look, it would be better.
4	Stumbled upon this little place with my boyfriend over the weekend, and I'll definitely be back.It's a tiny little place, so if it's filled with people I can imagine it gets a little cramped, but otherwise it's very cozy and intimate. Would definitely be a good place to hang out with a friend or just sit around and read a book.Considering the neighbourhood, it's also not over-priced.It was lunchtime, but my boyfriend asked if they still served their breakfast croissant sandwich and they made him one - very kind of them, and it was delicious.I had the BLT chicken panini with a salad, and the portion was not disappointing, and it was very tasty.You can get tea, either individually or a whole pot. It's a small selection, but the Bai Mu Dan we ordered was good.We also got some pastries and cookies to go, and they were yummy.Overall, it's a good place to know about, and definitely worth a visit if you're i the neighbourhood.
5	I discovered this great little place through a Groupon I had bought for valentines day. My spouse and I had 2 tea pots and many cupcakes, macarons and cookies with it. Everything was so delicious! I definitely recommend Bar A Beurre for any avid tea fan!
5	Wow what a cute little place, when I entered I thought I was back in Europe or maybe more like Prague. I just loved the decor. And the reason of my visit was that I heard they had those famous Macarons from France. I was treated a latte but not being a coffee drinker cannot tell weather it was good or not. I am a Tea guy!!! I tried a nutella Macaron on the spot, texture was spot on bu the center was a little hard but still good. The rest came home for the kids and they were gobbled up very fast. Overall it was the feel and deco of the place that got me although I have had their custom cakes before for my B-day parties.
3	The ambience is fun and the look is colorful and appealing.I bought the boutique Voir card and am now a regular.Some of the scones are fantastic; Apricot Cream cheese, Raisin Pecan, yum! Some of their danishes are great too but I find there berry-themed bakery is lacklustre. I've tried the tea service as well and while bonafide it's not my cup of tea; I'm more of a traditionalist.The big failing is not having a washroom.
3	This place is kind of adorable. Very sweet decor with a selection of home items (like mugs and aprons), some party goods (colourful cups and plates and napkins) and a large selection of house made jams and preserves.I popped around 11AM for a coffee and a boules a beurre (Nonna Maria) thinking I'd sit back and enjoy a little sweet before heading back out into the glorious spring day. The lady who served me was a little abrupt and inattentive. I asked for my items and told her I would be eating in. She boxed up my boule and to-go'ed my coffee. Okay. Coffee and pastry came to just about $6, so the place is a little pricey.I sat in the window with my goodies and started with the nonna maria. If you don't know boules a beurre, they look like larger, cake-y macarons or macaron-y whoopie pies. The texture of the pastry resembles baked donuts, dryer than a cake with a little crumble to them. They are very sweet but tasty too. The coffee was not impressive to me. It was very weak and I think (though I didn't pay attention) that the girl took the coffee mid-stream from the drip machine.If I get better coffee and better service next time, this place would easily earn 4-stars.
