3	Food: 3 stars. My 'naked' grilled veggie burrito tasted fresh and flavorful, but 'grilled veggies' was limited to zucchini and squash. Also the assembly line system makes for a very uneven burrito. My veggies and beans disappeared under huge scoops of guacamole and cheese. The selection of salsas, however, is great and is sure to satisfy everyone.Staff: 2 stars. Unfriendly and are obviously just there to get the job done.Atmosphere: 3 stars. Standard fast food setting. Lots of windows. Attracts a usual business and school crowd, and gets very busy at lunch time.Price: 2 stars. Expensive for a simple fast food burrito! I could go to a sit down Mexican restaurant and get something much better for about the same price.
3	I am not a big fan of beans, so I enjoy the Fajita Ranchero Burrito which is just rice, chicken or steak, peppers and onions, your choice of salsa, and cheese.  Tonight's version was tasty for $7.  The restaurant was a little chilly and nothing special about the service.  Overall, it always seems worth the extra $2 to spend vs. Taco Bell crap for a decent burrito but it's not the best one in town.
4	It sort of reminds me of a subway version of mexican food but that said : it is no Taco Bell. I've always been a huge fan of their grilled veggie burritos , bean burritos and taco salads. The ingredients are amazing and I know some people complained about the beans but gosh - they're the best part! I love that hot salsa-- pour it on!
4	Clean, good food.  Friendly service.
3	I would have given this Qdoba 4 stars because the food,  like all Qdobas, is good enough, fresh and consistent. However, I have given it 3 stars due to the fact that when I went into the bathroom to change my son's diaper there was no changing station.  Seriously? I would understand if this were a fine dining establishment but it's Qdoba.  Kids go to Qdoba all the time, they have a kid's menu for goodness sake.normally I would just put his changing mat on the floor and change hon there but the floor was grimey too, yuck!  At the end of the day it's pretty expected for a fast-food place like Qdoba to have changing facilities for infants. How irritating!
3	Typical QDoba food in the Madison suburbs.Went for a late lunch around 1pm on a Monday and definitely avoided the lunch rush.Grabbed a veggie burrito bowl and added the ancho chile BBQ sauce. Dang! That sauce is good. I swear it would taste good on anything.Service was quick and mostly helpful. The guy that put the BBQ sauce on didn't seem to know what I was talking about (hard to believe when it's listed on the menu, right?), but otherwise my order went off without a hitch.Plenty of spots to sit and overall, a clean dining room.I noticed they have an outdoor seating area that I can't wait to try this summer!
