4	As far as Denny's go.. I think this one is pretty much perfect. We tried to go the Denny's on the strip, but it was always way too packed. Plus, I didn't get a good feeling about that one. Then we googled the nearest Denny's and found one on Tropicana, and we were staying at the Excalibur, which was pretty close so we headed out. Come to find out, it's inside a casino, and it smelled like smoke, and there was a huge line. So we head out again and about a couple miles away we find this little hidden gem. We walked in, no wait, got seated by a friendly waitress, and placed our orders almost instantly. A short while later, our food arrived. It was exactly what we needed after a couple days of hardcore drinking and almost no sleep. Hot, fresh, tasty, greasy food. And, most importantly, cheap. We went twice during our 5 day stay, and I will make make sure to stop by here on all my future visits.
2	Cruise the strip...pass by McD's, Jack in the Box, Del Taco, etc...etc...Everyone's hungry...pointing fingers at this place and that place...Until the majority points four fingers at a Dennys...They coulda dropped me off at those other places n picked me up laterThey ordered breakfast.... looked tasty...I ordered a double cheeseburger combo for breakfast..I git these two huge clumps of meat patties inside the bun..  I tossed one patty to the side...   Burger was dry n tasteless and gross.Fries were soft..  I like my fries burnt a crispyI got pieces of burnt hash brown from my friend's plates and a muffin
2	I've been to this Denny's more than once, but it's never more than a 2 star place. The most recent time, there was only one server, and about 6 tables to serve with large groups. It took us 20 minutes to get us drinks.Now I am not blaming the server because I know how harsh that is, and you can tell the server had an attitude because of the shortage of help. This corporation makes enough money to employ more workers. Denny's should be ashamed and If I was that waiter I would have walked out, because that is too much strain for one person!Only reason Denny's is a good choice is because the prices of food is good.
2	I would call this "The Worse Denny's ever". However, that title already goes to the one in Downtown Sacramento.  I'll give this one the number 2 spot for worse Denny's.  First the hostess gave our table to another group "Rob, party of 4...Rob" (Rob's my friend) the other group had the name "Bob." simple mistake.  It's OK.Second, I think two of the waitress' were fighting over our table.  Maybe for tips?  I have no clue but they both came back taking our drink order, later our food order, and excessively wanted to refill our drinks every 5 minutes.  Oh Oh Oh!!! I forgot to mention the first server set the expectations low by telling us something I rather not say in fear that a manager reading this and reprimanding her.Third, our food took 30 minutes to show up.Fourth, everything tasted warm but on the cold side.There alot more 'bigger better breakfast' places out there to try.  Skip Denny's.  Nothing great here.Cheers and Eat Responsibly!
2	My son and I got seated and it took our server 15 mins to take our drink order... then another 10 for our food order. THEN 20 mins just to get our food. That day must've been busy because they were out of everything. I seen our server 1 time. She never came to check on us, nor did she actually bring me a ticket. I had to actually go up there to get the ticket.The food was ok, nothing crazy delicious. If you want a cheap breakfast, but dont mind waiting 2 days for it this is def your place!
4	Four stars for Denny's? Yah I know. Even the bf thought I was nuts. But the place really impressed my cousin and I. We were tired and hungry from a girl's day out and wanted to stay away from the strip as much as we can; hence why we ended up here! The place was pretty empty at 1130pm and so we both had half of the place all to ourselves. The server was friendly, quick, and attentive. She immediately got our drinks and placed our orders. We started out with some mozzarella sticks which were okay. It was no different from any mozzarella sticks I've had at other places. I thengot the egg white omelet with cheese, tomatoes, and onions and came with two pieces of turkey bacon(which I opted out of) and a side of mixed fruits(cantaloupe, strawberries, grapes). The omelet was pretty darn good. It was tasty and low in calories! My cousin didn't feel like eating breakfast food so she opted in for the tilapia with rice pilaf, corn, and veggies. She said she's had it before and have always liked it. She cleaned her plate pretty well so I assumed she enjoyed it. I ended up paying around 35 bucks and left the place feeling content.
2	This is a very basic Denny's location in the valley. Service is hit or miss depending on the day of the week and how busy they are. Food is always pretty standard. I can't say I'm ever thrilled to go to a Denny's, but when I have a coupon, I will sometimes go but it's usually against my own will.
3	What can I say about this Denny's restaurant?Hmm... it is your typical Denny's establishment where you can grab some cheap grub. They have a $2, $4, $6 menu where they have desserts, breakfast items, etc. at those prices. They also offer breakfast, lunch & dinner meals at various prices.The service was decent. I went with friends on a Tuesday afternoon. The food was okay for the price. Nothing outstanding though.
5	Busy and slightly understaffed, the the manager more than made up for it. We  celebrated a friend's birthday at Hot and Juicy Crawfish and were looking for a 'less fishy' place to sing happy bday and maybe have some good coffee. We stopped at a few places and they were either closed or full, so we ventured into Denny's to see if we could bring the cake in and have some coffee- great coffee BTW. Although clearly busy and short-staffed, the manager was very pleasant and welcomed us into the restaurant. Her smile and customer service oriented demeanor earned her and the staff 5 stars. I wish I could remember her name, but for the record she was working 11/24 at about 10pm.I normally do not review chain restaurants, as there is not much of an experience to talk about. However, I ALWAYS compliment great service and that is why I am taking the time to write in.
4	Very rarely do I frequent Denny's during the daylight hours. Therefore, I always see the same waitress at Denny's. I actually do not know her name, but I only know the fact that she works in the wee hours of the morning. (3 am ish maybe??) Normally, I do not rate Denny's very high, but I feel that this location and this waitress warranted a four-star rating. ( not 5 though..let's not get too crazy now) The food is as it usually is- not too bad, though nothing to write home about. However, even at 3 in the morning, that waitress always has a huge smile on her face and is always cracking jokes at us. When I do feel like clogging up my arteries at 3 am, I can always count on seeing her there.
1	I have always been a fan of Denny's, good food at reasonable prices. This one did have issues though. Like others that have yelped it is under staffed but the biggest issue that I've seen is they have a pest problem. The first time I went with my wife and we saw little black bugs crawling out of the creamer. At first we thought this was one time occurrence and they took care of the issue (For health inspection reasons) but no, we went again 2 months later and this time more little bugs were crawling from the plates. We showed the waitress the bugs and the manager eventually only compensated the one plate (Could of done a better job, come on... these are bugs crawling in your food, a definite health violation).  Also who knows the bugs could have been in all of the food. The waitress seemed like this was a normal occurrence which makes me wonder how bad it really is. Half of the bugs from the plate escaped into the booths. So next time you go to this Denny's keep an eye out for little bugs in your food. The bugs were the size of a nail head. I will not return to this Dennys.
1	The only reason I went to that place is because there was nothing else open at this time of the night.The food is not so good. The place has a very unpleasant feel to it maybe because of the location. It's not too clean.The service was pretty slow, taking into account that there were only eight customers.Not going there again.
4	Only came in since breakfast was free. Dead and didn't even see my waiter for 20 minutes
1	The food here at this dennys location is okay but the service here is totally lacking the service here is slow and when I say slow it is real slow, and most of the time I have come here the tables, were often dirty or the floors were really dirty I don't think I would ever come to this dennys again and that's a shame because this dennys is not far from where I live.
5	We got seated right away on a busy Sunday morning. Service was great and we always got attention from our waiter. Food came quickly and was great. Hard working waiters!
4	This place was clean and the utensils were clean and newProbably the best Denny's I been to so far
1	I signed up for yelp just so I could leave this review.This is the worst denny's i've ever been to.!service was poor and slow, and 4/7 of my groups orders were messed up in one way or another.
2	Okay first to be fair all the help were friendly and got orders right.BUT I ate there five times this week and each and every time they brought a meal WITHOUT silverware. Bizarre because unpopulated tables have it.  I don't understand how four different servers all made this same basic mistake.  I kind of got the idea some of the waitstaff were new not only to the restaurant but waiting tables period.
3	I really should be giving this place one star based on their food BUT the service was so wonderful that they automatically get two extra stars!My friend and I came here extremely hungover and ordered some breakfast. Everything was soooo greasy we couldn't really eat it! My friend didn't eat hers at all but was willing to pay for it- but the waitress noticed that she didn't eat it and took it off the bill for us. My friend also had a bad night in Vegas where she lost her phone and her credit cards got canceled- so the guy at the front was really patient while she was on my cell phone trying to work out the credit card issues with her bank. They even gave me some quarters to play the video game in the front. You can build your own skillet, which is what I did. I tried to make it healthy but the sheer amount of grease on it kinda destroyed that dream. Just a heads up if you're on a diet!
4	$4 Value Slam gets 2 pancakes, 2 bacon, 2 eggs. Perfect balance. Good food A+ service. Keeps me away from cooking at home. Winning.
3	To start this is NOT the Denny's in Days Inn! Stop getting it confused. I've been here twice beforeover a year ago.  The service was slow & crappy both times.Today we're trying it once more with our server Levi who is pretty quick. It's 12:28 and we places or order about 5 minutes ago.  I went with the Chicken Chorizo Skillet Cheddar cheese only (instead of the blend it came with). My Boyfriend built his own skillet. The service seems to have changed since the help is being attentive this afternoon! Also the staff is busy & they are working with eachother instead of against eachother.  Plus the coffee tastes fresh the aroma of coffee is tickling my nose. Puts anyone in a good mood.The food is eh.  My skillet came without seasoning on the red skinned potatoes.. super plain.  I sent it back because I think the seasoned potatoe makes the dish along with the Chorizo.  My meal came out exactly the same,  no seasoning again.  So I just ate it plain.  Levi is super attentive. Service 5/5 (from him)  but the food was okay 3/5.
2	As much as I come to this Denny's, I hate this location. I come here solely on convenience for me and my friends after our basketball games because it's on the way home for the majority of us, but that is all. I usually come here at night with my friends so I can't speak for anything more than the night staff, and not howdy, they suck sometimes. I usually come here with a large party with my friends and sometimes, they have trouble sitting us unfortunately. I understand when it gets busy which is some of the times, but a few times, it has taken more than 15 minutes with a relatively empty diner. The manager at that time said it would be that long, he goes to the back, and disappears. I know he could have easily went to go fix some tables for us, but he just decided not to. I don't think my friends noticed but I was a little upset. At night, they are also understaffed it seems with one server for a portion of the night shift. There was a time where a lot of people came in at once, and a lot of people left just because they weren't getting seated fast enough. The manager could have done a better job with helping the server, but the poor girl had to try and do everything herself but couldn't. I still love Denny's, and I wish this location was better, but quite frankly, this one stinks.
2	It's a kool spot I guess.. But I've been going there for a few yrs now and the staff is great but the food is good at best but not great and this place is slowly getting worse.. Bathrooms are never clean if you show up at 7am but wish them well but I've given more than enough money to this place and its not getting better.. Sorry guys
4	The food here is decent. As far as Denny's goes, it is top notch! The servers here are friendly and the food is fast. I did have a bad experience here and the GM was very fast at correcting the mistake. Although, I am not a huge fan of this location because EVERY single time I come here, people are begging for change and follow me out to my car. I wouldnt suggest coming here alone at night because of this.
2	no so great, staff was kind but orders took to long to be deliverd i ask for a cesar salad and chicken feeel like not really fresh, bathroom very pretty clean
1	Worst Denny's ever!!!! We have been sitting here for over 25 minutes and to had to ask three times for someone to get us our drinks let alone out food. I wish it had he option to put zero stars!!!! Ok update because I have all this time. It's been 50 minutes and no food yet!! If I wasn't  so hungry is leave this place.
1	After we were seated our waiter never came. We had to ask another waiter after 20 mins to get our drinks. We ordered our food and waited 45 mins! The eggs were cold and hash browns not cooked. Dana was our server and she was just terrible! Worst Denny's ever!!!
3	Alright.. So to start it off the parking sucks here. Very much so .. Anyway my servers name was Ingris and she was great.. Another blonde woman refilled my coffee and took my initial drink order.. So it's always nice to see teamwork being implemented into service.. My food came out thirteen minutes after I ordered so that was a very appropriate time after I ordered.. I see some of the other reviews for this particular location and they're not very good.. Because of that I would've liked to see a manager poke his or her head out at least once to see how the patrons were doing.. Other than that I'd say I enjoyed my experience at this particular Denny's location ..
4	Stopped in after an exhausting day/night on the strip. Good service, good food.
4	We went to Denny's after we worked out. The coffee hit the spot. This place is a good place to go for just a simple breakfast and some good coffee. We got the grand slam slugger and the bacon was cooked perfectly!!
4	Came to dennys after waking up starving. I had the country fried steak breakfast.  It was good. Waiter was ok. We did get seated right away which was good.  Overall had a great breakfast n a great time
2	Very disappointed for a dennys.  Slow service but semi professional. Cold food after a long wait. They should have paid us. Won't be going back to this location.
1	1 star just because I ate, the food did its job and I am no longer hungry. If the service was any slower I would've gone back in time. The food was satisfactory other than the fact that it was somewhat cold. Wouldn't come back or recommend this location.
1	Well let's just say the booth was dirty before i sat down silverware was dirty asked for new silverware it was also dirty management didn't seem to really care that I received dirty silverware a second time  I will never ever eat at a Dennys again so with that said eat at your own RISK....
1	The hostess was friendly and all-smiles. But this location is very dirty. There was a fly in my drink and when i brought it up to my server, ingrisg or 224 (as registered on my receipt), she apologized but never came back to serve or talk to us about it. Our check was handed by another server. That was a very unprofessional call especially if i wasn't rude when i pointed out the fly. Will not go back to this location again.
1	This place is horrible. The food was bad the eggs were not good! They weren't even made correctly the environment was very very bad .. Never coming here again! Don't come! I do not recommend it!!!
4	My husband and I have been to this Dennys twice in one week and it was a good experience both times. We love the holiday pumpkin breakfast.  The service was good. The place is packed full of people and we still got our food in a reasonable amount of time.
2	Service was terrible!! I sat at the counter and watched my food sit under the heat lamp for over 5 minutes before it was brought to me . The waitress never came back to see if I wanted anything else.( I did, by the way). She never even refilled my ice tea. I won't be returning anytime soon.
3	Hunnie Bunnie and I are getting breakfast before school! She chose her Mac n Cheese which came with a side of fries. And I opted for the healthyish Veggie omelette with a side of fruit an an English muffin. Breakfast came out pretty fast and hot. I also discovered I don't mind swiss cheese as long as it's melted... Like inside my omelette. It was good! Service was nice and friendly. We were in and out and on our way to school!
3	This is a very busy Denny's.  Seems like they put to many tables in there so they want refuse service.  Everyone knows how Denny's food taste.  It's the same across the board.I do especially love the holidays at Denny's because they always have the holiday flavored. Pumpkin spice coffee. It's a treat to me because I do not drink coffee.
1	Stopped by this location after a doctor appointment because we we're starving...The girl at the cashier station didn't acknowledged us because she was having issues trying to figure out how to split a payment...Once she did say "hi" to us and took us to a booth that still had the tip from the previous customers we waited for about 15 minutes and no one even offered us drinks so we just walked out...Found a Farmer Boys a mile an a half away & had a great meal there for half the price of what we would've spent at Denny's...
3	You can have cheap deals here but service can be quite slow. They have some nice value meals $2, $4, $6 that can fill you up quite nicely.Denny's hash browns are pretty delicious. Their biscuits and gravy were decent too.
3	Denny's. It is what it is. But given how rarely I go...they seem to have a brand-new menu each time I am there...so that's fun.
