3	Located near the Jack Rabbit pool, the largest of three pools on the Camelback Inn property.Entrees $5-11, http://www.camelbackinn.com/dining/pdf/hoppin_jacks.pdf Order inside and eat outside.  Mostly hamburgers, salads and sandwiches.  Lots of smoothies and alcoholic fruity drinks.  There are waiters that will take your order from the pool when you are on the chaise lounges.  Just need to raise your flag on your lounger.
4	While I pictured my days spent at Hoppin' Jacks as hot, steamy days sipping iced drinks with umbrella's in them, the weather we had while I was visiting here was cool and unseasonal. But is was sunny so the pool was always a daily choice.The good news?  We midwesterners were usually the only people out at the pool as the temps were only in the high 60's and our servers donned coats to come out to wait on our hardy souls.  Made me laugh everytime as we were in our swimsuits!Service was great.  The guys got to know us during our stay at the hotel- so much so that by the 3rd day- our prickly pear margaritas seemingly just showed up with chips and some of that great guacamole that they have.If food is what you are after- try the club sandwich with fries.  Simple, but delicious!  Or the boneless chicken wings are also good.  Not fancy food, by any means, but certainly easy enough to eat while lounging in your chaise or at one of the tables under the umbrellas.Seriously, what can be wrong about a place where you lay in the sun, and men bring you food and drink?  Huh?  Anything?  I thought not.
1	The poolside service is sooooooo slow. We ordered a cocktail and a beer and our first server forgot the beer. When another server finally came around, we ordered the beer again, and it took 45 minutes from our original order to get the beer. I was at the pool ordering drinks other days this week as well and it was no different. It was an average time of 20 minutes to get a $13 drink at the pool. I thought this resort was supposed to be 5 stars, I would give the pool/service no stars.
