5	Staff is nice, friendly and knowledgeable. Ask for Zach at the bar. He'll dominate your taste buds with some delicious drinks. He's also a really friendly and helpful guy. Peter Rabbit was the best.Once you're done with your drinks, order some Brussels Sprouts. I'm not actually a big fan of Brussels Sprouts, but they flavor these things to perfection. Calamari is thick and juicy. From what I'm told, they don't use the tentacles, they only use the real meat which is why it's so thick and tender. For entrees you can't go wrong with any of the meat. Next time I'm going to try the Ribeye although it's a little spendy at 75 bones. But you get what you pay for and I'm a Peter Luger loyalist so I'm willing to pay for a solid steak.End it off with the red velvet cake and the donuts. Red velvet cake isn't the thick, creamy and rich type that makes you feel fat. It's light, fluffy but still packed with the same amount of flavor. The donuts are soft and warm on the inside and comes with a dip. Awesome.
3	Wow, what did I miss that the other reviewers found so exciting about Searsucker?  Though I've never been to Searsucker in San Diego, I only assumed that the San Diego location must be well established in order to open a Scottsdale location and a  transition into Scottsdale would not be hindered with "working out the kinks".  The restaurant is cold - not in style but in air conditioning.  It seems that the temperature cannot be regulated and it's either on or off.  The food was okay, enjoyable but nothing special.  My friends ordered flatiron steak and really enjoyed them.  I had a short rib that was pretty good, though it was served lukewarm.  Another friend ordered tartare, which she returned due to excessive salt.   Service was slow despite being a Sunday night with a smaller dining crowd.  Overall we were disappointed by the slow service, cold temperature of the restaurant and the expense of the food - very expensive for service and quality of food.  We all thought the red velvet cake was completely tasteless and the chocolate mousse on a brownie nothing more than pudding on a stale brownie.  Maybe I'll visit again in a few months to see if I feel differently.
3	Good quality, little quantity.I don't write many food reviews, but I felt I needed to for this place.  I attended a dinner party with ten plus people.  The ambience was great and the staff very friendly and helpful.  The menu is not only unique but really tempts one to try non-traditional plates, such as mountain oysters or tongue.  The reason for 3/5 stars is the quantity of the food provided.  It's really good and flavorful (I had beef loin), but the portions are small - so small that you leave hungry. (I am medium frame man).  I found myself eating a lot of bread to compensate.  For the price of an individual dinner plate, I can say I don't think the place is worth it.   I would not recommend it to anyone I know.
5	Food was amazing & infusion cocktails were unique & wife wanted to try them all..Parking was a but awkward but I think that was cause of construction.. For opening night the service & food were amazing only can imagine it getting better.. We will be back.. Maybe this weekend!
4	Went here for the first time and will have to give it another shot.  The suggestions for the Prosciutto Salad, Sweet Corn App and Kobe Carpaccio and the Bone Marrow were awesome.  We had a few of the infused cocktails and they were all super amazing as well.  The Old fashioned is totally a great taste!  Our bartenders Jillian (sp) and Roberto were formal, informative and gave some great suggestions.  The atmosphere is cowboy western motif meets modern art.  The portions are sized appropiately for the apps and to get something started but it is a bit on the pricier side.  I'll be back for entrees!  I love the concept for the bar and lounge and will totally come in for a late night snack or cocktail with a group of friends for sure!
5	I threw a birthday party for about 12 people here last night. Although it was really hard to find, it was worth it. The staff was super friendly, including our server, Richard. He made sure everything went off without a hitch and was super attentive. I had their house Zin and it was really good (they make their own wines!). We had lots of yummy cocktails at our table and happy hour appetizers were delicious. The portobello fries and the dipping sauce were amazing, the farm bird balls and tacos were also fantastic. We had a slight glitch in that they have a $2.50/slice cake cutting fee which I wasn't informed on. Their manager, Les, totally took care of us and waived the fee since we weren't aware of it. They also extended happy hour by 10 minutes since everyone got lost. Overall the food and drinks were great and the service was amazing.And the vibe alone will bring us back. What a cool place and hip interior that is sure to catch on quick! For parking your best bet is to pull in to Neimans and valet it with them on the street facing Camelback.
4	I've been here a few times and really like this place.  The decor is super cool and the music is great.  The mussels appetizer was very good and the tongue in cheek main dish is excellent as well.  I had quite a few of their Indian Summer cocktails last weekend and they   were very refreshing.
4	Came here for the grand opening. I only sampled some of the passed hors d'oeuvres but they were all pretty tasty. The one that stood out the most was the beet scallop. The atmosphere is inviting, sexy, hip, and just straight up cool. The space is large but not too large. I am not a fan of big restaurants because they just remind me of chains like Chili's, Cheesecake Factory, etc etc. The drinks are amazing too. I look forward to having a real dinner here soon!I really think this is going to be the new "it" spot in scottsdale!
4	From the moment you walk in the door you are aware you are in the 'ultimate of cool' hot spot of the moment.  Four girls in super tight black outfits and 5" heels greet you as they did on opening night.   We were followed in by a fellow with a partially shaved head with spaced 'poodle' balls of hair and no one seemed to notice.   Note: they need a little grammar lesson; the girl asked us "Are you ready to be SAT ? "Before dinner we had a cocktail at their fabulous bar; our bartender Chris was absolutely The Best!   I inquired about their 'infused' vodkas, and since he could tell we were interested, were told they make them on premises and then told us the entire process, and gave us some tastes.  He took the time to make our drinks meaningful! The very berry vodka martini was delicious!As usual, the 'cool' element is accompanied by a noise level which had the 3 of us screaming across the table, coupled with sitting near the kitchen.  Those guys were on fire back there, sounding like they just delivered karate chops instead of entrees.  The menu is initially confusing, as all plates just list 2 or 3 of the ingredients, accompanied by a 'plus' sign.  But let me say, the food is absolutely delicious and we loved every bite!   We had Tim as our waiter and he was also The Best!  - patient, friendly, knowledgeable, just a sweetheart!  We had 3 salads and 3 entrees but next time we'll be more adventurous with the small plates.  Swordfish with drunken cherries was a '10' as were the briussel sprouts.  Brian Malarkey is a hard-working genius of cuisine and restaurant concepts.   We have eaten at Burlap, Gabardine, and Herringbone, 3 of his restaurants in San Diego, many times, and it's always an entertaining atmosphere, coupled with good food!
2	I went on a Saturday night and the place was absolutely gangbusters. The bar staff was very helpful and the cocktails were delicious. Unfortunately, that's where the rave review ends. The three small plates that my girlfriend and I sampled were terrible. The seared scallop came out raw. The crab cake (all meat, no filler- was pretty excited about that) was gross. Maybe the meat wasn't as fresh as it should be? Finally, the mushroom dish was burnt served with "french toast style" soggy bread. It just didn't make sense. After the sampling of terrible food, the bartender closed us out by asking, "were you ladies abused well enough this evening?" To that, I should've replied "Yes. For the price you are charging and the quality of the food- we certainly do feel abused. Thank you for asking." Maybe they were just too busy and the kitchen couldn't keep up with the crowd? Or maybe, this place has just been so undeservedly overhyped. Either way, I won't be returning.
4	Good food, solid drinks & great atmosphere.
3	It seems they spent all of their money making the restaurant look great so couldn't spend anything on making the food great.Don't get me wrong... The food wasn't bad.  It just wasn't great.  There isn't anything that I thought, "Yum" after eating.Cheddar puffers = cheesy bread.  Tasty but needed to be softer.I had the Kobe beef carpaccio for a starter.  Beef and bacon sounds amazing...  a little too salty for me.  It was still ok.  My friend had the crab cake.  It was good.  Baked crab in the shape of a circle.  Nothing amazing about it other than it's called a crab cake and not breaded and fried.I had the chicken entree.  It was cooked well and juicy.  The franks is Frank's Red Hot sauce and there was hardly any on the plate.  In fact, I was halfway through it before I found just a little line of it on my plate.  Was the chicken cooked in it?  I'm not sure, but there wasn't enough to taste it with my dish.My friends ordered the butter potato side.  It reminded me of box mashed potatoes with a pound of butter melted into it.  Great for 3rd grade; but my palate has changed quite a bit in the last 20 years. The service was great and my drinks were good.  The ideas for the food seem exciting, but what is served is pretty boring.
5	Five stars might be an under statement for Searsucker. The first impression is the design...unique and clever...it is inviting and comfortable all while being hip.  The host staff was just as inviting with warm smiles and a true display of hospitality.  There was a short wait for my table so I decided to enjoy a craft cocktail.  I had the Peter Rabbit .  Anyone that dines at Searsucker MUST drink one...that is if they have the will power to indulge in  only one.  I was seated and served by Lorie.  Great energy and fun.  I ate shrimp & grits as an app and for my entree the pork butt.  All out of this world delicious.  I will be going back soon.  Scottsdale needed this place badly...it is a great departure from all the average chain style dining in the valley.
5	This is one outstanding restaurant!!! Shouldn't be missed by anyone loving interesting and different food.We had a fantastic time with the whole dining experience. Great service from the moment the bar manager saw our drink order and rushed over with enthusiasm to discuss the  possibilities, to dessert.We didn't get beyond the small plates. Between the four of us we ordered 9 different small plates and loved them all, interesting flavor combinations.
2	This restaurant is overrated. The food is not as good as any Mastro's or Fox owned restaurant in my opinion. There are too many items on the menu so there isn't enough attention put on quality, so the food is just sub-par. The service was so-so. The best service we got was from the bus boy, he was hard working and very attentive. It took the waiter 10 minutes to come to our table and take drink orders, and they weren't that busy. The ambience is very nice however, wish the food matched. And the napkin is huge??? Won't be back.
5	Hello delicious :). Searsucker is a unique dining experience, and it's one that I've really enjoyed. The way that the menu is set up is different in that you will see many of the ingredients in a dish listed, but not necessarily how it is prepared. Some people will probably be irked by this, but I enjoyed it for the places it lets my mind wander. Also, the restaurant itself spouts a "social dining environment" as in they'd rather you speak with your guests or staff, than be on your phone. Or watching TV, which there is none of in the restaurant. So, if you have a question about how the dish is prepared, don't be afraid to ask and become engaged by it! 2 of my favorites are the artichoke appetizer and a fancy cocktail called "the bootknocker". You'll need to ask for Roberto for that one. Cheers and enjoy!
4	I had previously visited the San Diego location last year and declared the Peter Rabbit to be the best cocktail I have ever tried in my life!  I was excited to see that they built an outpost right in my backyard on Camelback, so my boyfriend and I went last Saturday night for an impromtu date night.  The atmosphere was more open than the Diego location, and it seemed more spacious.  It was DEFINITELY easier to get a dinner reservation too!  We checked in for our 8:30 and cozied up to the bar for my old love Peter.  The bar manager was incredibly attentive and when I told him about my love affair with Peter, even poured me a sample of his favorite cocktail "The Health Food" which had Pimm's cup and celery, among other things.  It was so good, my boyfriend ordered one once we were sat for dinner.  Definitely A+ for the bar manager, you could really tell he was proud of his establishment and excited about helping us discover new boozey treasures.  The ambiance of the restaurant is definitely trendy, and a little on the louder side, but I knew this going in and it was what I expected.  It would make a fun place for a group dinner, a girls night out, or an excuse to put on a black dress and heels for date night.  We wound up deciding to order all small plates, because we were in that kind of noshing mood.  The complementary cheddar puff biscuit things were good, but not as good as I remembered in Diego.  Perhaps because they were cold?  A little salty?  I don't know, we still ate them, and I do appreciate a departure from the normal boring bread basket so I'll take this any day.  We started with the shishito peppers, which were good, but to my disappointment, they were lacking any kind of heat.  My favorite part about ordering shishitos is getting that occasional renegade one like a game of russian roulette for your mouth!  They were about as spicy as a bell pepper, and our busser actually told us that they had to briefly take them off the menu because customers were complaining that they were too spicy.  How annoying!  Jesus people, don't order peppers if you don't like spicy things, and thanks for ruining it for the rest of us!  We also ordered the marrow, which I have never tried anywhere before.  I am adventurous so this wasn't a problem, and I found it to be absolutely delicious, once you get past the part that you are actually scooping out marrow from humongous bones.  It was a delicacy, rich, flavorful, and one of the highlights of our meal.  We tried the pork belly, which was nice, but I have had better.  I would have liked it to be rendered more, maybe a little more flavor.  It did, indeed remind me of breakfast since it was served with an egg and I think I would order it again for brunch.  Four our last tasting we had the spicy shrimp and grits and the jalapeno corn which were both delicious.  We were too full to attempt dessert.  I will definitely recommend this place to friends and I am excited to come back.  We even ran into the owner Brian while we were here.  Welcome to the neighborhood Searsucker!  You will fit right in!
3	My husband and I were so excited to have a Top Chef restaurant in Phoenix. We had concert plans the evening we went which also happened to be the second weekend they were open. We had drinks much earlier that the norm (6pm). Since it was early it was still pretty quiet and our server Matthew happily introduced us to the drink list and suggested the Peter Rabbit. I had 3. And could've had more. SO GOOD. And the mini carrot on top feels oh so healthy. ;)The ambiance is great and lighting is super cool. By the time we left around 730 it was definitely a packed house. The food was good but when we go back next I think we'll order a bunch of the small plates as some of them sounded more tempting than the entrees. We started with the tuna poke which was cold and refreshing. My husband had a hangar steak and I got the mahi mahi and we shared some sides of corn (to die for) and vegetables. The mahi mahi was a bit too salty but really very flavorful and cooked to perfection. Matthew, our server, made our experience what it was. He was so happy and proud to be working at Searsucker and helped us through the menu. Recommended a great wine for our entrees too. We will definitely be back and can't wait to see how they evolve.
4	My office had our holiday dinner here on a Friday night. I loved the look of the place. We shared appetizers - the brie and the duck fat fries (sounds awful) were great. I had their house salad and a catch of the day served with drunk cherries and almonds and we shared some great sides and then some desserts. All the food was fantastic. I think my favorite thing was my drink though - the Honeybadger whiskey cocktail - yum! The service was really great as well. Our main server took great care of us and lots of runners helped throughout the night.The restaurant was quiet and relaxed when we got there at about 7 and we had a good view of the bar, which slowly started to fill up and a DJ came in. By the time we left at almost 10, the consensus was that somehow it got colder and louder. Looked like a fun place to hang out on a Friday night, but it was a good time for our relaxed dinner party to leave.
2	Pass on this place.  Bad attitude and POOR manners by the hostess.  Loud venue, drafty.  Brunch menu very limited.  I give it one year.
5	The service here is outstanding.  Not sure what some of the other reviewers are complaining about.  Probably picked on as a child and now they take it out on waiters and waitresses.We were checked on by the manager multiple times and we even met Brian personally.  Everyone was very professional and the food was amazing.
4	All around, I really liked this new restaurant. And that really is saying something, considering I had some weird food issues causing me to be very picky about ordering the night I visited Searsucker. I must first say that the service was impeccable. Our waitress, despite my many questions and requests to leave ingredients out of my dishes, was personable, helpful, and attentive. I had a small plate (the meatballs with tomato sauce, basil, parmesan cheese, and polenta) and a side dish (roasted root vegetables and squash, without the farmer's cheese that normally accompanies this item). Both were delicious, albeit rich. The small plates were very generous in size, which I love, because it enables sharing. I also thought that the complementary cheddar and black pepper (?) biscuits were amazingly tasty. My friends raved about the cocktails, and I was impressed when the waitress told us that all of their cocktails have no added sugars or preservatives.The desserts are especially worthy of mention. Although somewhat pricey at $9 each, they were absolutely wonderful. We had the sundae, which had some sort of bacon brittle, peanut butter cup pieces, ice cream, caramelized bananas, and peanuts. It was so good, I was practically licking the bowl. The combination of textures, plus saltiness combined with sweetness, was perfect. We also had the cinnamon sugar doughnuts with a dark chocolate dipping sauce, which was a HUGE portion and SO yummy. The doughnut holes were steaming hot and just chewy enough. We couldn't finish those suckers, there were so many!Also, I paid $30 total, including tax and tip (one small plate, one side, two desserts split with 3 other people). I thought that was impressively reasonable for the high quality of the food and the service. I would go back!
4	What a snazzy addition to a tired business building in Scottsdale! Before the arrival of Searsucker, I drove by this building on a daily basis and never gave it second thought. However, now everyday I drive by, it makes me want to stop into Searsucker because I am meow a fan!! First, I love the atmosphere. They completely opened up the ceiling with sky scrapers placed throughout the restaurant. In addition to the sky scrapers, trees grace floorboards which make it feel like an indoor garden. The furniture's modern and earthy which matches the fresh vibe. You can see the chefs making the food in the kitchen and an open bar area holds comfortable couches as well as high tops. It's very fresh and airy for being inside a corporate building! Now let's move on to the food, oh my the food! I can only review the lunch menu since I've only been for lunch, but if the dinner menu's anything like lunch, then I'm a fan. My two menu highlights are the Havarti turkey sandwich and the delectable chocolate caramel peanut bacon sundae! That might not be the correct name, but that's how I like to describe it! The Havarti Turkey sandwich has freshly roasted turkey with a cranberry jam, sprouts and fresh cracked wheat bread. It's accompanied by a salad and a perfectly fresh lunch. I enjoy a leisurely lunch at Searsucker and especially enjoy their delicious craft cocktails at night! **** Checklist: visit for weekend brunch soon!
4	Searsucker is good and I'm confident will get better. We went there one week after opening in Scottsdale. It took a server way too long to actually greet us and take our order. However, they were very friendly and accomodating. The menu is so large is why I'm guessing all the food wasn't great.The shrimp appetizer was just ok but the calimari was exceptional. For dinner we had the swordfish which was very good. I look forward to trying this place again and I'm sure it will be improved.
5	I came to Searsucker for the first time for a pre holiday dinner with the family. My eldest brother was a big fan of the location in San Diego and highly recommended it.The place itself is very well laid out, and the decor and lighting rendered itself as an 'old west' theme mended with more modern architectural design. The theme of rope and wood paired with the old time style light bulbs were a nice combination that were complimented by lots of warm cove lights and well placed accent fixtures. Very relaxing.One of the first things said was that they were known for their cocktails. Damn you mean to say I have to sample a bunch of drinks? Count me in! My gf and I had the Lieutenant Dan because well, I sure as hell couldn't resist. Probably one of the most refreshing cocktails I have had in a while- not the strongest in the world, but I think if they had loaded it up it wouldn't have been that refreshing. Both of my brothers order the Peter Rabbit- served in a copper cup. The two that were ordered looked a little different. When they noticed they decided to swap and compare the tastes- they were also a bit different. When we told the waiter he explained that all depending on the pour, they can appear different but will often taste the same. When we said they also tasted different, he apologized and bought us a round without batting an eye. We told him he didn't have to do that but he insisted and quickly got us another round on the house. For those who are wondering about the customer service- um....yeah. Either way, I'm not usually a cocktail guy but if you're stopping in here it is certainly going to be a treat to yourself to try some. They won't get you all crunk- but you just may be pleasantly surprised.The food is one of my favorite styles- American classic. Minimal but hearty plates that you can easily share with others at the table. We began with some starters- I HAD to order the Pork Belly as its one of my favorite cuts, but we also ordered the duck fat fries. The pork belly was some the best I have ever had. It was simple, and all the flavors stood out very nicely. The duck fat fries- well, if you've ever had duck fat fries you already know where I'm going with this but all I will say is if you come here: order these! You will not be disappointed. Entrees- my brother and I decided to share the Duck x 3 and the Tongue and Cheek. Some of the best and most unique cuts of meat- delicious and I highly recommend. My gf decided to get two starters for her entree: the Farm Bird Lollipops, and a 'chicken and waffle' dish that I don't see on the online menu. I only tried the lollipops which were good- but I would suggest getting them as an appetizer (the pork belly and duck beforehand didn't exactly give them their due). All around, the food is delicious. Although some of it may seem 'adventurous', I highly recommend trying something new here if you haven't had it. I think you'll find something you really like.Overall, this place is great. The cocktails, food and ambiance are top notch. You will notice the four dollar signs on the Yelp profile- a few extra dollars will be spend here. All depending on your budget, I may not suggest Searsucker for a casual meal. However, if you're looking for a special occasion kind of place, or your budget just doesn't matter (I envy you if that's the case), Searsucker will act as a great solution if you're in the Scottsdale area.Cheers.
5	My friend Dawn Smith and I had our much awaited, anticipated, and yes much deserved "Dessert lunch" at Searsucker today!  We'd talked about doing this for years, then, last week we saw some "Ladies who Lunch" having 'our' dessert lunch at another Scottsdale restaurant (who shall remain nameless).   So I quickly made the reservation at Open Table. I explained what we were doing while making the reservation online. Boy was I surprised when we arrived we were greeted warmly (as usual) then ushered to 'my' table. Once seated and settled, the co-conspirator Matteo Myers came table side and informed us that he and chef Andy had worked with the pastry chef to create something special just for us. Wow, did they ever succeed!  They began to serve us a 4-course Dessert Lunch. Some delights were menu favorites, some new combinations, and others were new debuts to the Searsucker offerings. Needless to say,we were blown away. Not only by the tastings, but by the impeccable service and warm, inviting atmosphere that is Searsucker!!!  Bravo to chef Brian Malarkey and his Scottsdale team!  We can't wait it have another installment next year to ring in the following new year with 'our' Dessert Lunch!!!  But first, we'll be there on New Year's Eve!!!
5	I've been to Searsucker twice now and I am very, very impressed.My first visit was during one of their friends and family nights, where much to my delight everything was "on the house". My girl friend and I enjoyed a glass of white wine and one of their signature Peter Rabbit cocktails. I wasn't a huge fan of the Peter Rabbit, but to be honest I don't usually have mixed cocktails like that with dinner. Admittedly it was a little too "advanced" for my palette ;) The bartender who took care of us was very friendly and knowledgeable, and perhaps most important - not offended that I didn't care for the drink.As far as nibbles, we sampled the "no shishito" peppers, spicy pickles, bone marrow, and eggs & bacon pork belly. I had never eaten bone marrow before and while I was intimidated a little bit, I thought it was tasty. The eggs & bacon pork belly, however, hit it out of the park. Delicious, melt in your mouth! For our entree we shared the diver scallops. If you have read any of my other reviews, you know I am a sucker for scallops, and these were exceptional. It escapes me now what they were accompanied with, but it doesn't matter because they were so scrumptious. Just do yourself a favor and order them.My second visit to Searsucker was on a Sunday for brunch. I was shocked to find a less than half empty restaurant, what with it being a lovely sunny day and a DJ playing fun music. Anyway, I opted for the $15 bottomless mimosa deal, while my friends sipped on some fancy-pants bloody mary's. For food I selected the "green eggs and ham" which was their infamous pork belly on brioche toast, eggs, and herb infused saucy deliciousness. Needless to say I practically licked my plate.Service, atmosphere, and food are all excellent! A+ :)
5	I just went to searsucker today for brunch and I can't tell you how much I love that place!!! Our awesome waitress Cindy couldn't have been more helpful! The first thing she suggested was the Peter Rabbit cocktail...amazing!!! I purchased the cookbook that had the recipe in it and went straight to the store to pick up the ingredients to make them at home!!! The pork belly egg dish was also so good and the portions are generous. I can't wait to go back! Ask to sit in Cindy's section you will not be dissapointed!
5	My husband and I are from San Diego and visit the Valley Ho Hotel regularly in the Old Town district close to Fashion Square.Being familiar with the Searsucker Brand and Brian Malarkay, we were excited to check out the latest addition.It is fabulous!! The decor, vibe music, food and drinks. Well worth checking out.We both enjoyed how cozy it feels.We met the Managment Staff Owen and Les and had a nice chat with them. Both very professional and courteous. We were even more impressed with our server Amy. She is a 10!  Hard to find that level of service anymore. Can't wait to come back on our next trip!!
4	We went here on a Sunday night and it was very quiet.  Sat in the bar and ordered cocktails until the rest of our party showed up.  Wanted to try a signature cocktail but in the end I opted for a cosmo. My hubs ordered a martini- dry up with olives.  He said there was something sweet to it.  They serve a cheesy bread type thing with the cocktails.  I'm not a big bread eater but tried one and it was ok.Now on to the food.  I ordered the tongue in cheek which was the beef cheek.  It was very good but a little on the salty side and I like salt.  I also ordered the brussel sprouts which were tasty.  My friend ordered the salmon which she said was good.  There was also an order of  eggplant which I thought was delicious and seasoned just right.  Came in a small cast iron skillet.  Perfect size for a light meal and pipping hot.  I also tried a mushroom dish with toast but I don't recall what it was called.  It was very good.This place has a cool vibe and the service was very good.  Not the very best meal I have ever had but I would certainly come back here.  It is sort of in a weird spot in the bottom of an office building.
4	I was able to visit this place during lunch about two weeks ago. It is a nice spot and can be hard to find if you are not sure where you are going. They have free valet parking during lunch  hour which is great.This place look great! It is like you are entering someone's farm type home with big tables with non-matching chairs (which I love!)  The lunch menu is slightly limited and you cannot order anything off the dinner menu ( we tried and were politely turned down lol) I cannot remember what everyone else ordered food wise but I do know that they loved drink which I believe was called the Indian Summer. (everyone that ordered one had two before the day was over ) I had the sweet tea vodka and lemonade which was delicious. The best Arnold Palmer I have ever had that's for sure. For lunch I ordered the spinach salad and added the blackened salmon. I had to actually as for a new piece of salmon because it was way to salty to eat. Now before people get on my case, I have had blackened salmon before and this was by far saltiest I have ever had. They were gracious enough to remake it without salt and it was perfect. Make sure to order some of those yummy fries because they were ADDICTIVE! Our entire table were practically fighting over the last few bites of fries. I swear my coworkers are crazy!I will definitely be back to try their dinner menu as it appears to be tapas. Plus it would be cool as a cozy date night!
2	I was highly disappointed during my visit.  I would somewhat consider myself a "foodie" and will spend some cash on a GOOD MEAL.  Searsucker was anything but.   In hindsight, I wish I had walked across the street to City Hall Steakhouse.  I could have had a delicious meal for the same price.  My friend's order of duck came out cold and after she sent it back, it returned cold again.  The waiter didn't check to make sure it was better, we had to flag him down to acknowledge us.  Another fellow diner ordered the shark which the server raved about.  Plain and simple, it wasn't good and the portion size was terribly small for a $38 plate.  I had the Mahi Mahi.  It stated it had a horseradish crust however, I found it to be lacking flavor and was quite dry.  A side of potatoes was ordered and they weren't cooked.  The best part of the dinner was the end when the table next to us looked over and said "looks like your food was as bad as ours."  They too, were not impressed.  I really wanted to like Searsucker but it was not worth our $260 tab.  I do think the restaurant has potential but it would take me some serious convincing to return.
4	We had a group of 10 and the food was incredible. The service was good but not great.
3	I don't know what the hype is all about. I wasn't impressed. A. the location is awkward. Walk inside this weird building and then walk through a second set of doors to get to actual restaurant. It's slightly off the beaten path so it's not somewhere I would go for night-cap drinks. B. Granted I was only there for happy hour with some friends, I just wasn't impressed with the food. I think it's overpriced for what it is. You can get a better meal at Citizen or Cowboy Ciao. Maybe I had too high of expectations. But isn't this supposed to be a Top Chef restaurant? The one in San Diego is supposedly amazing. I was really excited...and then I was let down. It's like when you're really hungry and you eat something and it just wasn't satisfying but you're full and can't eat anymore. We ordered a bunch of different things: shrimp and grits, meatballs, scallops, tacos, and some other stuff. Wait, did I say scallops? I mean SCALLOP. Singular. It was one. For like $10 or something like. It was good. But overpriced. The tacos were shortrib and they were just whatever. The meatballs were good. The shrimp and grits were whatever. They're better at Cowboy Ciao. The drinks were just whatever too. I ordered the Peter Rabbit. That was good. But I wasn't sure there was booze in it. I ordered another drink and it wasn't great. It was meh. C. The decor is awesome. I love how it's decorated. It's def cute. But those damn barstools at the little tables in the bar area are awful. Sitting on hard wood with no back support is not enjoyable. I wish we could've sat in those comfy looking couches. If that were the case, I'd probs sit there and booze it up for awhile. I'll give it another shot and actually have a full dinner to see if things are different. But as of now, I'm just not impressed. Step up your game Searsucker.
5	Tried Searsucker for a pre-opening dinner with some friends and was quite impressed.Every dish we tried was quite enjoyable from various appetizers we got to the main courses to the desserts. The service was good given the circumstances of being a pre opening dinner and I'm sure its on point at this time. I really liked the decor and it seemed a nice step up from a lot of the other spots in town. There was a "hipness" to it that I just don't see at a lot of the popular spots in this area that I certainly enjoyed.The bar is quite good and the crafted cocktails are recommended. We are definitely interested to try it again when we are down in that part of town.
2	Ill suited to my vegatarian preferences, most menu items were a big slab of meat. Even the mussles had chorizo.  Strange location too.  Wouldn't take reservations on Open Table, but then the restaurant was 3/4 empty when we stopped by without a res.There were two elements I will compliment: nice wine list, and delicious dessert served in large portions.
4	Searsucker is nestled into the corner next to Neiman Marcus at Scottsdale Fashion Square. I've driven by so many times and hadn't seen it! Now having been for the yelp event last night I'm really glad I got to try it out. The decor is very cool. Modern but with rustic elements and has touches of a southwest motif to match the desert. The staff was great-both servers and bar staff were friendly and helpful. I really enjoyed the samplings of food we tried-especially the experience of the charcuterie table with various culinary offerings artfully displayed and open for indulging!Their full menu is organized into sections: smalls, bites, ocean, ranch, farm, greens, ands. Everything looks and sounds great although unfortunately for those of us who don't eat meat, many of the seafood and even green dishes include meat. So although I might not find too many items for dinner, I may be back to have a crafted cocktail in the lounge.
4	for the Yelp event...great location and great food and great atmosphere. although the tastings were heavy on the meat, we were able to sample a few options. the brussel sprouts at the pig table were grilled, crispy, salty, and crunchy just perfectly. the mashed potatoes at the rib table were divine...very smooth, creamy, almost pureed but not as runny. we sampled many, many items from the food art table courtesy of Chef Chop. the cheeses, tiny mushrooms and pickles, the sauces, the caviar (i think), went oh so well together. our drinks, the popcorn margarita and the lemonade were well made and had plenty of alcohol to give some buzz. a great restaurant for meat eaters i'm sure. i hope they make it!
5	My daughter brought me here after having attended a yelp event. I had the lobster roll and added the fries. The bread on the lobster roll is the best! It is just like you get back east and was perfectly toasted. The whole sandwhich was really great and the salad that comes with it had just the right amount of balsamic. The brown sugar butter sauce that comes with the fries is really tasty. I also had the lemon bar and fruit for dessert. It had lots of great flavor without being overpowering. What really stood out was our server. Allard was so helpful and nice. He brought us a dinner menu since I wanted to come back and try more and aswered all the questions I had about what was on it. He really took time to help us and kept our drinks full and was very sweet. I can't wait to go back and try more. It was all so good!
5	A friend and I came here to watch the premiere of The Taste last night and were very surprised at how empty the place was.We were also lucky enough to be invited to an event here last week in which were able to try a few of their signature drinks, some of their "tastes", and a couple of their dishes.The food was phenominal, and I cant wait to come back and have a regular portion of it all. As for last night, it was just drinks for us.This place is beautiful. Lots of warm light, interesting artwork (both on the walls and light fixtures), and dark wood. The kitchen is  open so if youre seated near it you can watch the chefs in action. Overall this place feels very warm and inviting. Not a bad place to spend an evening by any means.Our bartender Zach was great. He answered every question we had about the food and their speciality cocktails. He even gave us a little tatse of a couple ingredients to make sure we'd like the actual drink. So far Ive tried the Peter Rabbit, Lt. Dan, Latin Cinema (all at last weeks event), the La Floridita (YUM), and the Pear Tree. All of them are unique and delicious, and Im sure Zach and the other fabulous bartenders here can steer you in the direction of which would be best for you. Unfortunately, their happy hour is only an hour and a half long (5-6:30 M-F) but if youre able to make it down for it, they have some of their tastiest bites on that menu.I highly recommend this place for any occasion.
3	Interesting and fun but not quite delivering the goods for the price.My wife and I stopped in for happy hour the other night to check out the new place in town.  We arrived around 5:30 and there were perhaps 20 people in the bar and restaurant.  We sat at the bar and ordered five appetizers and some drinks.We tried some of their signature drinks and thought they were pretty tasty.  We liked all the appetizers, although they tended to be on the small side with the exception of the squid, which was a standard portion size.  The atmosphere is modern, hip and fun although I have to say it seems to be trying a bit too hard in certain respects.  I like a modern eclectic feel as much as the next guy, but sometimes they're a bit too creative for their own good here.  For example, instead of a napkin, you get a kind of quilted kitchen towel.  Sure, why not, but we're veering into the realm of the twee and the forced with this kind of thing.The bar stools however seem to have been designed by the Marquis de Sade.  They are literally the most uncomfortable bar stools I have ever sat in.  They're a kind of rippled, heavy western style wood with no back. So you've got no support for your back and, worse, the wood cuts sharply into your thigh.  Looking around the bar, virtually every single person at the bar was standing next to their seat.  The bar began to fill up with single women and seemed to maintain a roughly 8:1 ratio of women to men, a phenomena I've noticed at other high-end joints in town.  The bartenders were very friendly as were the other patrons.Final verdict?  Mixed.  In a town where every restaurant serves the same comfort food classics, it is definitely encouraging to see somebody dare to serve something other than cheeseburgers and the like.  On the other hand, the portions were really a bit skimpy, even at Happy Hour prices.  Five appetizers later, we were still a bit hungry and that's not really so happy.  (Try eating five appetizers at Wildfish or Rokerij. Go ahead, I dare you.)There's a certain Scottsdale bimbo quality to the place (and I'm not talking about the clientele).  It looks great but it's not terribly comfortable and in the end, you may not be quite as satisfied as you thought.Five appetizers, two cocktails, a wine and a beer were $50 bucks plus tip.NOTE TO MANAGEMENT: Change the damn bar stools already!
3	This place is pretty good! I don't know if I will keep coming back for dinner, but the cocktails are awesome and the food is good.  The head chef is Brian Malarkey who was on Top Chef and is now on The Taste if you are into cooking reality TV :)Honestly, the ambiance is amazing. Its really a nice place to just hang out have a few drinks and even happy hour is great. The best drink is the peter rabbit . It is pimms, basil, and has a garnish of a carrot which is pretty neat. As far as the food, the cheddar puffs are awesome as is the lamb. It is cooked a little rare, but I liked it. The flavor was awesome.Check out the happy hour for cheaper drinks and apparently there is a brunch which we are looking forward to trying!
5	Thank you Searsucker for a wonderful evening!  This was our first trip to Searsucker and we LOVED it.  The atmosphere inviting, trendy and fresh.  Great addition to the Scottsdale area.  We were greeted with a group of smiles upon our arrival.  Had some drinks at the bar (the bar stools a little uncomfortable so moved to a nice seat in the deep seating area..) and then continued on to our table for dinner.  Our Brazilian/NewYorker server, Marcos took very good care of us focused on every detail to ensure we had a perfect dining experience.  He recommended just the right pairing of a full bodied Chilean cabernet to go with my filet. Friends had the salmon and scallops and they were divine.  Go and enjoy!  Can't wait to go again!  Well done Brian Malarkey!
5	This was our first visit and we will definitely be back. Everyone was friendly and engaging. Marcos, our server, was attentive, charming, informative and helpful...without being intrusive. The food was outstanding. The menu is eclectic...and fantastic!  I have never enjoyed Brussels sprouts...and tonight I had seconds. The scallops were excellent. Others had the filet and the salmon...and everyone rave about it. Not cheap. Very much worth it.
5	I was really impressed with this place!  The decor is very comfortable and well done to provide a relaxing environment.  The valet was very friendly and the service is excellent too once you arrive in the restaurant.  The food was really very good...the ono with tart cherry was delicious and we tried the whipped potatoes, cauliflower with manchego and the jalapeno corn off the cob...sinful!  The other three diners I was with thoroughly enjoyed their entrees as well - filet, pork chop and duck!  We finished off the meal with the donuts and the deconstructed apple pie...both of which were quite tasty too!
5	We had drinks which were very good and we had appetizers. I picked the chicken, franks and waflle. Delicious-ness!And we had the duck fat fries with tomato jam, which were okay. I want to go back for dinner. We did see Donovan McNabb have dinner there, so that was kinda cool.
4	restaurant is now open in Scottsdale. The first Searsucker restaurant opened in 2010 in San Diego by Bravo's Top Chef, Brian Malarkey, and Brian has recently opened a Searsucker in Scottsdale as well.Located on the northwest corner of Camelback and Goldwater, Searsucker has taken over a 9,500 square foot space inside an office building. Large, inviting, rustic, yet classy is how I would describe the decor upon first entering. Large planks of rustic wood cover the windows and walls, the high ceilings with lights draped in thick rope offer the perfect dim lighting, and the rustic style wood tables lend a boat-like appeal, while a few couches and chairs fill the middle of the space lending a loungy area as well. The square bar near the front has plenty of space to enjoy hand-crafted cocktails and food, while the dining room seats approximately 150. The music is fun and upbeat which keeps the mood high as well. And the service that evening couldn't have been more attentive, friendly or helpful.On to the menu! Executive Chef Malarkey's menu is both serious and fun, with dishes divided into categories like, 'Bites,' 'Greens,' 'Ocean,' 'Ranch,' 'Farm' and 'Ands'. The waiter first delivered our bread to the table, which they call cheddar puffers. These delectable little balls of joy were similar to the cheddar biscuits at Red Lobster (c'mon, who doesn't know about and love those), only these were pumped up on steroids a bit. Yum! Then, sticking to my usual regime of ordering as much food to taste as possible, I always must try the mussels whenever on a menu. These mussels were served with chorizo and toast ($12). The chorizo added a nice flavor in every bite. Next, the egg and bacon "pork belly" small plate ($12). This is the kind of dish that you might make inappropriate faces while eating, it's that good. We also tried a tuna tartar that night as well, served with wonton chips ($12). And of course, we had to order a dessert as well, which included peanut butter ice cream, nuts and caramel. Um, HELLOOOOO! Delicious.Offering a full bar and a decent wine menu, this is not only a great place to start for happy hour, but a fun place to dine with friends or a date.
4	Went with the Bestie to this spot and at first had trouble finding the entrance but entered a totally trendy, hip, casual restaurant.  LOVE the look of the dining room. LOVE how the "warehouse" ceilings are very high.  This place just looks so cool inside.  The bar is to the left and had people staged there and there are couches to just hang out with your drink.  The kitchen is open so you can see the cooks back there.  If your looking for an aesthetically eye-pleasing spot- go here.Service was great, our server was knowledgeable on the menu and ingredients, waters kept being refilled, and our table was checked on throughout the meal.  We started with the shrimp and grits app. (very good 5 decent shrimps), I ordered the mahi, and Mal ordered the chicken.  We both ordered a cocktail as well and those were VERY strong! My fish was a pretty large piece and had some horseradish sauce on top (meh- coulda done without it or at least on the side.)  The fish was cooked very well and I enjoyed it.  Mallory's chicken was a huge piece of like a breast, thigh, and mini-wing attached.  It looked so juicy!  She said it was very good and I got to try a piece and it was great.  The sides are a la carte so we chose mashed potatoes, and the cauliflower.  The cauliflower was really good and seasoned with lemon and other spices.  The mashed potatoes was blended so much it was almost soup.  I've had better potatoes. bill was 107.00 for the two of us. The meal was good and the place was very trendy.  If you have a birthday or other special celebration coming up totally go here.
2	Underwhelmed by our dining experience at Searsucker...there are so many better chef-driven restaurants in Scottsdale. Very trendy decor, but the dining experience just does not delivery. Chef Malarkey roamed the dining room promoting the Taste, but he would have better served his restaurant had he spent the evening in the kitchen.  The entire dining experience was rushed -- we were in and out for dinner in little more than and hour.  The eggs and bacon small plate was cold, which was sad because the flavors were promising. The chicken and waffles and franks small plate was also cold.  The filet was underwhelming.  The short rib small plate was redeeming. The duck fat fries were greasy and, again, cold. The brussel sprouts were, well, burnt, (not caramelized) and doused in vinegar.  It is disappointing that a meal that was so rushed, was served cold. The server was also not interested in our comments about dinner, disappointed we opted not to order dessert.  We will choose to dine elsewhere and skip the hype of Searsucker.
3	I emailed both the address on the website and the Facebook page and got no response about our most recent visit.I had dinner with my wife and her parents (in town from Cleveland) 2 Saturdays ago. It was my third trip to Searsucker and I have typically enjoyed the restaurant.On this recent trip it was a little disappointing for two reasons. First, we made a reservation for 7:30pm and when we arrived we were told that things were running behind and would have to wait for 20 minutes. They suggested we wait at the bar, however, there were no spots available for us in either the bar or the lounge.I understand that Searsucker is a popular place and I am glad that you guys are busy, it was just disappointing to be delayed when we made a reservation.The next issue is a little more significant. My favorite dish on the menu is the chicken and waffles. I order this every time I am in the restaurant. On that Saturday night we order two of them (along with a slew of other appetizers) to share at the table. The waffles on both plates were burnt. I mentioned this to the waiter and he took them away. The surprising part is what happened next. He came back to the table and said that all of the waffles were like that. I asked how that could be and that is when I learned that the waffles are all premade earlier in the day.I have never managed a kitchen and I understand that it is probably very challenging with workflow and time frames, however, a small waffle iron can turn out a waffle in 2-3 minutes. Also, it is extremely disappointing that the chef took a look at those waffles, saw that they were burnt and then still said that they were okay to serve to everyone that evening. Is there no quality control in the kitchen?Looks like I will be finding a new favorite dish on the menu since the idea of premade waffles isn't that appetizing.
4	Wonderful experience. I loved everything we ordered from the shrimp and grits to the "drunken" opha fish. Don't miss the jalapeno-corn side dish. The cocktails are very imaginative - I tried their take on a pimms cup. The atmosphere here is very hip, loungy and dark. Our bartender was a little obsessed with another couple and it required us waving him down each time we needed something, but I'm sure service at the tables is better.
2	My girlfriend and I dined last Saturday evening. Definitely a cool vibe inside. We were sat right next to one of the servers stations which seemed like an unusual spot for a table. I'm only noting this because the servers bumped into my chair multiple times without acknowledgement.  The drink and food menus were great.  We ordered the bacon grits and ahi poke for starters. Both flavor profiles were great but the grits were served room temperature. We then ordered a nice bottle of Chardonnay.  I realize people enjoy their white wine cold, but this wine as cold as you would want a bottle of beer on a hot summer day. When had to pour our own wine for the entire night as our waiter was too busy with his 10+ top all night (not a huge deal, but I expected a little more) I ordered the Opah and my girlfriend ordered the filet. Both were good, but not great. Overall the place left much to be desired. I would have probably went 3 stars if the service would have been better.
4	Hubby and I had a date night at Searsucker this past weekend and it was awesome! I had visited one time before for an event, but this was my first "sit down" meal at the restaurant. We had a 9:00 reservation and were seated right away at arrival. The dining room is modern and unique, with a nice bar, some loungy couch seating beside some wingback chairs and coffee tables, and a typical dining area. The chairs are mismatched which would usually drive me nuts but worked in the space. The chandeliers are rope-y (presumably as a nod to the Southwest) The music was loud when we arrived but chilled out a bit once the DJ started at 10 - this surprised me! The crowd was pretty eclectic, running the gamut from a group of bachelorettes (Who couldn't seem to stay seated at their table) to a dinner party of septegenarians in expensive pantsuits. Our server stopped by pretty promptly to take our drink order, and a runner brought our drinks to the table shortly thereafter - he set them down along with an order of their Cheese Puffers (they reminded me a bit of the Cheesy biscuits at Red Lobster, which might seem like a backhanded compliment but seriously, those are the only things that can get me into a Red Lobster, and they a freaking addictive, so it is actually high praise) Then... we didn't see our server for awhile. Like, at all. Nowhere to be seen in the whole dining room. It got to a point where I began to get anxious when Matteo, a floor manager, popped by the table to check in and make sure that everything was good. I briefly mentioned that we were just waiting for our server to come to take our order and he immediately apologized and offered to go ahead and take the order from us. He was kind and hospitable and got us completely taken care of - I mentioned that we planned to order several appetizers "tapas style" and he handled that with aplomb, suggesting that since our table was so small, he would course out the items to leave us enough space to dine. This was a perfect solution and was greatly appreciated. We ordered a variety of items:Steak Tartare with Taro Chips and Quail Egg - YUM! Super flavorful and a perfect portion size. It was a bit on the salty side, but I think that this just enhanced the beef instead of overpowering it. Bacon + Eggs - Pork Belly, toast, and a perfectly poached egg... this was really good! I love me some breakfast for dinner, so this was my kind of dish. Farmbird Meatballs with Snake Bite Sauce and Blue Cheese Fondue - I had these on my first visit and they're what brought me back - amazing! Their version of Buffalo chicken, the combination of flavors is just perfect. The sauce on the meatballs definitely has a kick which is perfectly neutralized by the blue cheese fondue. The portion is nice - 5 good sized meatballs. Tons of flavor - absolutely recommend these.Chicken + Waffle - yet more breakfast for dinner, just my style! Nice combo of salty/sweet. The chicken was moist, the waffle was tasty. Dessert - We shared the King sundae, which included peanutbutter cup icecream, bacon caramel, whipped cream, and bruleed bananas. Hubby was in seventh heaven. The service during the remainder of our meal was perfectly timed - the runner who took care of our drinks was well spoken and attentive and our server checked in with us a few times to be sure all was good. I've been looking forward to Searsucker for awhile and after this experience, I really can't wait to come back again.
5	The staff was very accomodating. Food was excellent. We had the mussels small plate, Mahi and Scallops entree. They were all great! Great restaurant and great food. Thanks!
3	I wish I could give 3.5 stars. I was really excited to try Searsucker and then left feeling a little underwhelmed. First of all, the space is HUGE and was virtually empty when we went--which was pretty strange as the chef had won The Taste that very week. We ordered two cocktails and five small plates. The cocktails, though accompanied by stellar descriptions, were a bit flavorless (Snake in the Grass in particular). Some of the tastes on the small plates were GREAT (scallop with bacon and caramel...heavenly, duck fat fries--a great treat) but mostly I left wanting just a bit more.
3	Everything was very good but nothing really blew me away. This may sound strange, but the food came out of the kitchen startlingly fast...almost as if they they didn't actually cook anything to order. The service was good and the decor was interesting.
4	Have you eaten at Seersucker in San Diego, My wife and I were very happy to see the new location in Scottsdale.The location is a little funky, but the food  and the vibe are both great.  It's not quite as hip as the San Diego location, but it has its own Scottsdale flair.  (Although the bloody knife artwork is a little creepy)We tried a variety of foods and found everything to be very good. That said nothing really stood out as above and beyond, hence only the four star review.I think Seersucker is a great addition to Scottsdale it would highly recommend if you haven't been there you give it a try.
4	We love searsucker.  Everything I've had here is delicious and on our last visit they put us at the kitchen table which was a blast.  The owner, Brian Malarkey, hung out with us and the chef brought over all sorts of food for us to try.   It was an awesome evening.  The atmosphere is fun and our service has always been spot on.  Great cocktails too.  This is a perfect place for girls night out.
3	I wasn't impressed. I've been to the Searsucker in San Diego.  First of all, I expect good service.  After being seated, no one came to our table for literally 15+ minutes. I had to flag someone down, and although she wasn't out waiter, she apologized and gladly took our drink order.  Wish she had remained our waitress. Peter Rabbit cocktail was tasty.  Got a bunch of small plates: eggs +bacon, chicken &waffles, and shrimp + grits, and side of brussel sprouts.  The plates were interesting in concept, were good, but nothing great.  Brussel sprouts were the most flavorful thing we got.  Atmosphere is kind of weird in the bottom of an office building and they charge $5 for parking.  Between the service and food, I won't be rushing back.
5	My husband and I went here to celebrate his birthday. The service was impeccable and the food was amazing! We made a reservation and were seated promptly. After being seated we admired the interesting decor, kind of modern meets rustic. Our server came over and I expressed to him my dairy issue, he then went out of his way to check with the chef to see what could be made dairy free. He then came back a made several recommendations on what to eat. We had the following:Mussels: a generous portion in a white wine sauce, with chunks of chorizoTongue & cheek: perfectly cooked tender meat, with flavorful pieces of tongueLobster butter steak: amazing flavor and cooked very wellAnd for dessert they gave my husband a complimentary birthday cupcake which was really good too. I would highly recommend Searsucker, I can't wait to go back.
4	Fun trendy restaurant with great food. Smalls are appropriately named. Luis our busboy was really knowledgeable and friendly! Great place, we've already recommended it to our friends!
3	I watched every episode of The Taste and was so excited  to go to Searsucker ScottsdaleBeautiful restaurant,staff so nice,Chris was an awesome waiterI had my heart set on the lobster roll,not on the menu anymoreThe guys wanted a domestic beer,noneI think $11 for a glass of wine at lunch a little highSame wine 750 lt at store $15The hand ground filet burger with pork belly was greatI had the drunken chicken sandwich,very disappointingToo big for a lady to eat,dark meat in the sandwichSo with the side salad served I basically had a chicken saladThe food prices are a steal,liquor prices are over the topGood luck to the Malarky team
2	I've tried this place twice and food is just ok! I rather spend money across the street at City Hall.  Wierd Menu....drinks are ok.  Not impressed with food and service.
4	Very spacious and a very attentive wait staff (probably because there were only 4 tables seated at the time so with 2 managers, a few hostesses and multiple busboys and waitresses the service should be good).  Food was pretty good. The spicy pickle was excellent as were the sidedishes. The entrees and dessert were a little of a let down. Another negative is that while they do have some decent local beers available with their menu they could do a much better job at having a larger beer selection and they should include some Belgian beers like a wit or triple to go with the seafood.  Expect to spend at least $60 per person as everything is ala carte.
5	Had dinner with Peter again!  He's still as scrumptious as ever!  Searsucker is definitely one of those places that one needs an interpreter to guide you through the menu. Of course, with a good server, all things are possible.Eats were delightful . . .  as usual. No disappointments. Peter was his usual animated self. Basil and orange are a good combo. Add a little Pimms, leave out the ice and nothing can top him,  Searsucker is what dreams are made of . . . .
1	I was so excited to try this place but i could not be more dissapointed. Carpaccio was a joke. Worst i have ever had. Stuck to the plate and it was paper thin.  So thin that you could barely taste it. No seasoning on my steak. Poorest prepared filet i have ever had. Good drinks but food was terrible. Will never go back. Bad service also.  No one asked me the entire night how the food was.  i had to ask the waiter 3-4 times for my drinks because he kept forgetting. Probably the lowest quality fine dining restaurant I have ever been to.
1	Worst experience yet...For a highly acclaimed and talked about restaurant, the place was revolting and an utter disappointment. Now to be fair...the ambiance and atmosphere was very hip, but the hostess and waitstaff were rude and unprofessional. Even simple things like requesting a refill of a glass of water fell on deaf ears. Our particular waiter was a complete moron who could not even remember his own name let alone an order. And the food was over priced and under flavored. In summary, there are far better ways to burn your money...
3	Shared the loin filet, salmon, shark, duck, duck fat fries and squid. Everything was very tasty with great flavor. The duck fat fries and squid appetizers were a great start, the duck and filet were outstanding as entrees. Great presentation of dishes.Service was unbelievable slow considering it was on a Wednesday night with not many people dining.The biggest question is the extremely high prices of the entire meal.The portions are small and the prices are through the roof.For overall food quality, I would give this place 5 stars, price would be 2 stars and service would be 2 stars
4	I hadn't been back to Searsucker since the Yelp event in January but when deciding on a location to have dinner with a group of my girlfriends on the night of my birthday it was my top choice. They have some amazing deals for Happy Hour (until 6:30) so those who got there early enjoyed some drinks and apps at the bar. I had a Peter Rabbit which was delicious as always and the other two ladies tried the berry vodka martini (they infuse the vodka in house) and a hibiscus rum daiquiri (refreshing but a bit tart). To eat, we ordered the hush puppies which were a tad too sweet for my taste but pretty delicious as well as the farm bird lollipops which were like hot wings but in meatball form (on a stick); I loved those. Both plates of food were gone right away so we also got some beer nuts to munch on while we waited for the others. Those are pretty darn good for only $2. I did end up also trying the cinnamon mule - I wouldn't recommend this drink unless you REALLY like cinnamon. Just stick with Peter.Once everyone had arrived and we were seated for dinner the real feast began. Everyone at the table either ordered salads or else small plates to share. My absolute favorite was the squid. That was totally fantastic! It was cooked perfectly with just the right texture and the flavor of the seasoning used was amazing. I also sampled the shrimp and grits, fried brussel sprouts, and corn off the cob. All of them were delectable. Really fantastic food! We ordered the brie triple as well which is supposed to be served with orange and fennel. That sounded quite interesting but instead arrived drenched in hot strawberry jam. No explanation was given but that is not a surprise since our waitress seemed entirely unfamiliar with the menu and couldn't answer any questions about the food. The service in general that night was pretty disappointing. We had to wait too long for drinks to arrive and then there was a weird issue where the busser started clearing away all the dishes before we had even finished and then placed all new silverware in front of everyone even though we were done eating. I don't know what that was about but I really can't stand off timing. All was forgiven, however, when the waitstaff brought out a free chocolate dessert with a candle in it for me and also a round of champagne on the house for all of us!
2	I honestly don't understand what the rave is about.The evening started out well enough - we didn't realize we'd need a reservation but was able to sit at one of the high tops near the bar.  The table was wobbly, but the server (busboy?) immediately got down on his knees and readjusted the ends for us.We started out with the cheddar bites.  They were mini, dense and rather not great.  Its almost like a failure attempt at recreating Red Lobster's cheddar biscuits.  The shrimp and grits were decent, but a far cry from NOLA.  The meat and potatoes were decent, but really average if that.  The duck fat fries were actually pretty good and the only thing we all agreed was tasty.  Too bad the waiter took it away before we were done while talking to another server so we couldn't even protest.The reasons for the 2 stars - the dishes are creative, the menu is mysterious (which is good and bad), and there was such hope there.  These were the kinds of dishes that you might see on Master Chef or Hell's Kitchen.  But they wouldn't be winners by any means.  The place is kept COLD.  We were near the vents, but still, by the time our food reached our table, they were lukewarm at best.All in all, the service was inconsistent and the food is mediocre at best.  At such high prices, I'm not sure this will get them a revisit from me.
4	Not the kind of place I would normally go, but we visited Searsucker recently for a yelp party and I was actually very impressed with the food and service. The bartenders know their job very well and the wine selection is very good. This is definitely one of those high-priced upscale places, but if that is what you're looking for, Searsucker manages to be elegant but not snobby.
5	Awesome! Tried Searsucker last night for the first time. Can't wait to go back!! Try the Peter Rabbit, even if you think you don't like Gin. It's terrific! The shishito peppers are terrific, too! The 63 degree egg was absolutely scrumptious- the best breakfast ever!! We really enjoyed the rest of the meal, as well. Everything was done perfectly and the service was top notch. Thanks, Tim!
4	Nice reuse for an existing commercial space; decor is unique and interesting. Floor DJ adds to vibe. Small plates unique, flavorful, and satisfying; we tried beef tartare, squid, chicken legs, and shrimp plates. Not one dish disappointed. Our one regret is that we did not pace the ordering as the dishes came out all at once and stymied an effort for a relaxing slow meal. Our 2nd regret was eating the complimentary cheddar puffs. Although the puffs were very good, they were also filling and nipped our appetites. The beef tartare was a true highlight with flash fried seaweed, capers, taro chips, and a quail egg. Service was very friendly, attentive, and down to earth.Valets definitely need an improved cone and thoroughfare area; it was awkwardly staged and did not have an obvious traffic flow to compliment the restaurant.Wine menu appeared to be limited to minimum red bottle prices of $50. Hope I overlooked the reasonably priced wines - no one wants to be a sucker!
5	Went with a big group of coworkers for dinner. My half of the table shared about the entire small plates menu. Everything was great! My favorites were the veggie sides, Brussels sprouts were amazing! The snake in the grass drink was great. Funky but relaxing atmosphere, I felt like I was eating in an anthropologie store. Good service. Weird location in an office building. I'd definitely go back.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for a while now and my husband and I went here for a date night on Friday.  I like the look of the place.  When we arrived there were a lot of people in the bar area, but not a lot of people at tables.  The restaurant started to fill up quickly after we were seated and I was impressed that they had a lot of tables to accomodate big groups.  It's hard to find that in Scottsdale sometimes.  It looks like business is going well!So, let's start with a review of the drinks.  1. Health Food 2/5: It tasted like lemonade and wasn't anything special - so for $12 I was disappointed.  2. Peter Rabbit 4/5: This drink was tasty and worth the money - I just widh the pickled carrot was bigger.3. Honey badger 4/54. Old Fashioned King James Edition 4/5: The husband let me have his luxardo cherry and it was yummy!For food we started with 3 of the small plate options, then we shared and entree and side and splurged on dessert.  They bring cheddar puffers to your table when you sit down and they are yummy!  1. Egg and Bacon Pork Belly 4/5: this was good, very rich and the hollaindaise sauce was a bit sweet.  It was an interesting take on eggs benedict.  2. Foie Gras 3/5: This small app was $19 and was an interesting presentation.  I'm used to foie being served with a cracker or bread option of some sort.  This came with strawberries, peas, cheddar cheese and duck confit.  It was kind of random, but it worked.  I think incorporating a cracker/bread option would make this dish better.   3. Duck Fat Fries with Tomato Jam 3/5: meh - they were good, but not as amazing as I thought they would be.  4. Diver Scallops 4/5: Great presentation - corn and corned beef comprise the "turf" part of this dish.  The scallops were large and cooked perfectly.  5. Fried Brussels and Walnuts 2/5: They were kind of bitter.  They stopped by to ask about them because another table had sent them back.  I had wanted to do the same, but I always hate sending food back, so we just dropped it.  Something was off with the preparation.  5. Sundae 5/5: The sundae had a banana bread base, caramel bacon popcorn, mascarpone ice cream and was divine!  I highly recommend it.  They bring you a "searsucker" with your check - it was a cute play on the name of the restaurant.  It has been ages since I have had a sucker, great idea!
5	Best burger I've ever had.  How can you go wrong? Beef burger with pork belly, cooked to perfection with gruyere cheese, caramelized onion and baconaise all nestled between a butter bun.  Soooo good!  My friend had the Drunk chicken crust sandwhich that was equally as delicious.  Can't wait to go back for dinner with my hubby!
5	This place is amazing!!!! Service is on point, the sangria is delicious!!!!! chops is Phenomenal!!!! We received VIP service and the food is out of this world good!!!! The beef tar tar with the quail egg and the pork belly toast and poached egg were to die for!!!! I will absolutely be back! I loved everything about this place!!!!
3	I have never eaten a full meal in an office building lobby before. I felt like I was eating in an echo chamber at times. The conversion was nicely done. Waitress was outstanding. She knew the menu inside and out. Food was very good. My Pulled Pork was tender enough to cut with a fork. Presentation was fantastic. All side dishes were extra. Very unique menu with lots of items not available in your every day eating establishments like beef tartare, brussels sprouts, etc.
5	Fantastic food, great atmosphere. Went for Restaurant Week so didn't get to experience the whole menu (Not a big deal, really my only complaint is that I was really looking forward to some bone marrow which they did not have on the event menu)Started with Whiskey (as one does) then ordered Chicken Lollipops and Shrimp in bacon grits - Shrimp was great, Grits were amazing (I fully recommend ordering them as a side) We then had the Crab topped Ono with horseradish and chimichurri and a perfectly medium rare filet with lobster butter as well as sides of brussel sprouts in walnuts and buttered potato (just think decedent mashed potatoes)  Both entrees were delicious but if I had to choose just one (which would be hard) I'd go with the beef - it was melt in your mouth perfect.Topped it all off with red velvet cake and chocolate mousse while we polished off the bottle of wine and a perfect night out.  I'll definitely be going back again.
2	I always give a place the benefit of the doubt when I read such mixed reviews.  If something is stellar, then it is worth paying for..  This was not stellar.  In fact, it was more miss than hit.  We had 4 appetizers - the habanero & pickle was interesting and I would recommend it.  The squid which was mediocre to poor.  The farm bird lollipops were just ok.  The tuna poke was the one dish that was stellar.  We each had a glass of wine and that came out to $70.  Definitely not worth it with so many other fabulous restaurants in town.
3	While the decor is unique & fun, and the names of the dishes are playful & young, overall it wasn't someplace where I left saying "wow, I want to go back again!!"
2	Four of us had dinner, 2 of us ordered from the Restaurant Week menu, and 2 from the a la carte menu.  Overall the meal was wonderful. The cheddar biscuits were very greasy, cold and almost indelible.  They are thrown on to the table with no explanation as to what they are.  I'd forget these.I ordered a martini with 3 bleu cheese olives, was charged $14.00 for the drink, and to add insult to injury, I was charged $1.00 for the olives.  Very tacky!  One of my dining companions ordered a glass of house Chardonnay.  I'd say $13.00 for a glass of house wine is a bit much.On to the meal.  The food was delicious. I ordered the duck 3 x's, and was told there would be 3 preparations of duck in the plate. I could only find 2, and one was in edible. The sliced duck breast was awesome, but the tiny triangles of crispy skin were too greasy too eat, and quite unpleasant.   The other diners at my table ordered mahi and salmon and were big hits and quite tasty.Two desserts were red velvet cake, which had no discernible taste, but the chocolate mousse was outstanding.The 2 biggest flaws of the evening were asking to pay the $5.00 valet fee as we pulled the car up, and having our plates whisked away from us  as we were still eating.  One of my dining companions wouldn't allow his plate to be taken so the waiter stood there until he finished!  He whisked the plates away as though they needed them for other diners.Not sure I would go back.
2	I was excited to try this restaurant because of the top chef association, but not good. We arrived early and were greeted nicely and offered drinks. The service issues started when I ordered a sangria and it was really sweet. I went to the bar to get some soda water added and literally sat there for 5 minutes while the bartender chatted with two men at the bar. The bar had 4 people total sitting, so it wasn't busy. Literally, the bartender would not turn around. I went over to the other side of the bar, interupted his conversation, and said the drink was really sweet and he helped me out. He did not offer me another drink, but added the water. We were seated at a really awkward bar table and we were a party of 15 - very strange when a regular table was available. Maybe they were trying to make the bar look full. The chairs were high, had no backs and everyone was uncomfortable. We received appetizers and they were ok, not great. One pet peeve, they brought appetizers and served bread slices and they only included enough bread for one slice per person, when there was a much larger quantity of the cheese and dip to eat. Then they pulled away the appetizers before people were finished. I was not really impressed with any of the food, the entree was dry and uninspired. The desserts were served family style on a big slab of wood, again awkward. Oh and the strangest thing, the bathroom smelled like a sewer, don't know what's wrong there, but not good at a nice restaurant.
4	This place comes with a great reputation so it saddens me to have to say anything negative. First I will start with the positive; the food! It really is divine! I had the salmon with Brussels Sprouts and my son had the Filet. Delicious and served in a timely manner. Now for the 'dislike' ...we ate at the bar (it's what I do and what I like) the bar wasn't too busy when we were there..4 guys behind the bar; 2 in the plaid shirts and 2 in the #teammalarkey black tshirts. Appetizer came and no silverware or napkins were delivered. Asked for both, silverware came but no napkins. Asked for napkins and the guy said 'let me go get them we are out of them behind bar' 10 minutes later (I have since grabbed the square drink napkins) we ask a different bartender for napkins...which he walks over behind bar and gets them for us. Other guy had forgotten ..(remember this bar wasn't super packed) Now on to the meal arriving; my son asked for pepper, bartender (same forgetful one) brings us s&p and says 'the pepper is empty let me get more' 10 minutes later and most of our food is consumed we flag a different bartender about the 'empty pepper' he checks it (we didn't since other guy declared it empty) and had a little in it. So at that point we tell the guy what has been happening. He was nice and apologetic. I have to say I am not a complainer but I was shocked at this one certain bartender...too forgetful when people are sitting right in front of you. I haven't had bar service this frustrating in quite awhile. If I had only been drinking I suppose it wouldn't have been noticed. But let's face it, a lot of people eat at the bar and even more so when a happy hour is going on. Again...the food was great and the decor is very neat as well! It is a lot like the one in San Diego which I have eaten at several times and had drinks at often! Never disappointed at that one even at their busiest. I am still giving 4 stars for this review because I can't let one bartender take away from the fact that the food was delicious!
5	Went to SS for the first time last weekend. The menu was confusing for a steakhouse guy like myself, but the bartender Monica was outstanding and handled everything from cocktail to appetizer and entree selections. She nailed it! I'll definitely be back and hopefully she'll be there to save the day again. Best restaurant experience I've had in some time.
3	What the heck happened!!!!!Was it just because it was Happy Hour? Food was still GREAT . . . even more than great . . . . but WHOA the service sure lacked . . . . actually it sucked. I've eaten dinner here; I've been to parties here . . . . service and food were way over the top Fantastic . . . but I've never been to Happy Hour. And unless someone tells me that Peter has stepped up his game . . . I won't be back for HH again.  And it won't be my first choice for dinner again. Too many other good choices in Scottsdale. Details: When we arrived it was early. The work crowd still hadn't hit the door. There were lots of empty seats at the bar and in the lounge area. Our server announced that he was doing double duty -  serving and bar-tending. Ok,so I know a good barkeep can do both. I wasn't worried. Searsucker is the kind of place that hires only the best. Customer Service is as important as their vittles. The server was friendly and one of those that never writes anything down, which is fine, if you have a good memory. He apparently did not. He returned several times to ask again about drinks. And  . . . don't dare ask for something that was out of the norm . . . like please no ice in my Peter Rabbit. (Geez, where's Owen when I needed him? Highball glass? I think not! Owen taught me that it should be served in a martini glass when it has no ice.) When he arrived back at our table with a PR just overflowing with ice and took one look at my face, he took the drink back. I didn't have to say anything. When I got it back it was sans ice, but also it was obvious how little drink had been in there. If you've ever scooped ice out of a drink, or coffee, some of the drink goes with it. So my PR now was slightly less than half a glass worth. Even at HH prices that was a tad extravagant. I would have been willing to pay full price for a full drink.Second drink order? Sure. I only had 1/2 a drink the first time. Came with ice. Ugh! And the food order?  It took forever to get it right. I just ordered the HH shrimp cocktail. It was scrumptious, as usual. But server-poo kept trying to give me tacos too. Didn't order; didn't want. Perhaps he needed a small notepad to write down the orders? Not writing it down only works, if you can remember who ordered what!And then the bills. Oh, lord help us. We were there two hours for a couple of drinks and a few appetizers. Had a 7 o'clock movie to catch. The bill-paying episode was  . . . .oh, shoot . . . not even worth discussing. Just suffice it to say . . . . Peter & Brian need to work on their service. And until they do, I am no longer running around telling everyone I know how WONDERFUL Searsucker is . . . I'm from Missouri . . . the Show-me state. Prove it!
4	There were so many rave reviews about this on YELP and in Phoenix Magazine, while visiting the Scottsdale Fashion Mall - we decided to stop by for lunch.  I liked it a lot.  I like the vibe and the food.  First - you must order the calamari appetizer.  It might be the best calamari I have ever had.  For lunch - I did the burger and she did the pulled pork.  Keep in mind that "crusts" are not pizza/flatbread - but rather sandwiches and both were delicious.  It turned out to be a $60 lunch (also try to Lt. Dan drink and the apple martini thing - both were delicious).  Lunch was not busy at all - which was surprising.  Service was great too.  I would go and check it out.
2	You have to be kidding me! All the buzz about this place is way over rated!The best part of the place is the place itself. Cool design, innovative, comfortable (if you overlook the AC running at 65 F).Short and poor selection of wines, the menu doesn't make sense, the deserts are poor executed, service barely OK and all of this with a way overpriced tag.Cheese bread at the beginning was good, probably the best executed dish (puzzle face).I had a glass of a French wine which had one of the most awkward wine tastes I've ever tried, but again, the selection is not that great.In their web they have a beet salad but I didn't find it in the menu. It seems that they replaced the beets for strawberries. When I asked why, apparently beets are out of season. (Really? I'm not a farmer, but I had beets last weekend in another restaurant, oh well). Salad was barely average.Then I had the marrow bone. It was OK, I was expecting a little more of a flavor from the onion jam and the bread used was kind of boring for such a dish.For desert I had the rum and coke. It should be called sweet bread. No taste of rum or coke what so ever. Just a spongy bread super sweet with whipped cream on the side with an unknown flavor and a jelly with a hint of lime.I also tried the doughnuts with chocolate. The doughnuts (bites) were crunchy (in a bad way) and the chocolate was more in the side of dark than milk, so didn't love them either.There was a guitar player for all the three tables and 4 people that were at the bar. When he was gone, a DJ started spinning tunes for the whole 7 tables and 3 people at the bar that were there when I left.It will be hard to make me go back ever.There're plenty of places where you will do way better for this kind of money.
3	Fancy place. Perfect for a nice date or a birthday dinner. Never packed, but still in a great area. Close to old town.
5	before searsucker opened in scottsdale, i dined at the one in downtown san diego and absolutely loved it! when i heard we were going to be getting one here, i was thrilled. i could finally have my peter rabbits anytime i wanted them!i've probably been to the scottsdale location 5-7 times, and have loved everything i've eaten so far. you absolutely have to try the squid-it's like nothing i've ever eaten before. the pieces are huge and the dipping sauce it comes with is so good. i recently had the tomahawk and couldn't believe how delicious it was-and massive! i also can't say enough about the entire staff and their commitment to service.  a few months ago, a good friend was throwing a birthday party for her husband and the restaurant we were supposed to go to cancelled on her the day of!  she called me in a panic and i recommended we try searsucker to see if they could fit us in last minute on a saturday night.  they were able to accommodate our party of TEN with absolutely no problems and the restaurant was packed that night! everyone in our party loved the food, service, and atmosphere.  the staff was so attentive and my friend couldn't have been happier with my recommendation.
4	Always enjoyed everything I've had there, cocktails, lunch & happy hour. Good presentation and atmosphere. Good service and wine list.
3	(Lyrics - Cutting Crew - Just Died in Your Arms Tonight)Oh I, I just ate at Searsuckers tonightIt must have been something I readI just ate at Searsuckers tonightI keep ordering for something I can't getArtichoke hearts lie all around meAnd I don't see an easy way to get out of thisMy cocktail sits on the bar side tableThe curtains are closed; the place is like an adult cradleWho would've thought that a boy like me could come to this?Oh I, I just ate at Searsuckers tonightIt must have been something I readI just ate at Searsuckers tonightOh I, I just ate at Searsuckers tonightIt must've been some kind of dishI should've walked away, I should've walked awaySearsucker is a hot new restaurant in S. Scottsdale.  I went to the original one in San Diego and thought it was okay.  The one in Scottsdale?  Well Okay at best again.  I think this place was over-hyped.  Granted they won a lot of awards, voted best new restaurant, etc.  I brought some friends from out of town here thinking I would treat them to a good meal and experience.  Needless to say, they weren't all about it either.  We ordered a bunch of small bites since we had a long night ahead of us eating and drinking; Kobe Carpaccio, Scallop Bacon, Egg Bacon Pork Belly, Meatballs, Squid sweet heat.  The Carpaccio was good, but nothing special.  Scallops with bacon....well everything tastes good with bacon right.  My favorite was the egg bacon and pork belly -- yummy, but belongs at breakfast.  The squid was sweet and spicy and that's about it.  The place itself is pretty swanky.  The ambience is hip and romantic.  Overall, I think it's a great place to hang with friends or bring a date.  However, gonna have to pass on the food part.  Maybe it was an off night.  Every dog has its day.  I really want to give this place a chance so me coming back is definitely.  Hopefully, this won't discourage you to go cause I would say try it on your own and let me know - wink! - Enjoy!
2	Very disappointing as I had been there for lunch and enjoyed the food.  Even was a disaster.  Bad service, food arrived cold, waiter could care less, ETC.
3	Beautiful, hip ambience - disappointing dishes. I wished I liked it because I liked the atmosphere and the music. Great city feel, bad menu.
3	Food was ok, not blown away, a little over priced for the serving sizes. Service was alright, friendly, but server forgot some of our order, never wrote anything down. There is room for improvement here. The take on the chicken and waffle small plate was the best thing going. That was very good.
3	I've always wanted to check out the Searsucker in San Diego, but somehow ended up in the Scottsdale location first.  There were a few misses, but nothing major with the exception of the super salty salad.  It was a total disaster.  Here are a few other dishes we ordered: Farm Bird Lollipops Essentially meatballs with buffalo wing sauce.  The flavor and texture weren't bad, but a little boring.  I was expecting something more exotic with the name.Salmon "Scottish" Nicely cooked and seared, but the salmon was a little on the salty side.  Squid "Sweet Heat" Probably the best calamari I ever had.  It was super tender.  The spicy sweet sauce gave a nice kick, but not overwhelming. Even though the place was nearly empty, the atmosphere was welcoming with friendly staffs.  Some of the dishes were a little disappointing, but I am willing to give Searsucker a second chance in San Diego.
5	This place is fantastic! The service is great and the food is outstanding! The cheese puffers they bring in the beginning are delectable and a perfect introduction to the food. I had the tuna and it was cooked perfectly, the grapes provided the perfect balance of acidity.  My friend had one of the steaks and I tried a little, it was amazing, totally melt in your mouth delicious.  For sides we had the corn, mashed potatoes, and brussel sprouts.  This was my first time having brussel sprouts and I have no idea why people don't like them...they were absolutely divine, and I want to try them everywhere now.  The corn was perfect and a little spicy.  The mashed potatoes were really creamy and delicious.  For dessert we had the donuts and chocolate which was a perfect ending to our meal, little bite size pieces of heaven dipped in chocolate.The drinks were also very good, I had the cocktail on draft which was a rum based drink...it came to the table on fire, which is awesome.  I recommend getting this when it's darker to get the full effect.  It wasn't dark when I got it, so the flame was hard to see.Mostly, I can't wait to go back and try more dishes!
2	Restaurant or competition for the Gap?  One can't really tell by the name. Slaughter House? Maybe...Animal Farm-esque animals greet you at the entrance way, yelling, 'EAT!' They are painted in garishly bold colors.  As I walked passed the pig, I was afraid of an uprising.Walking in the door to this posh restaurant, my suspicions were confirmed.  The decor, while clean and expensive, looks one dimensional on first glance.  As I sat and looked closer, the sweeney todd atmosphere encroached.   The red soaked accent wall by the kitchen stands out as if it were masking the excess blood coming from the fresh meat.  The rope hanging from the lights, posing as lassos, look  morbid and give an eerie feeling of a noose. And the giant painting of the gun handle fork, piercing through a piece of meat, with blood posing as ketchup rains down, definitely turned me off of meat for the night.  I am not a vegetarian but with the fear of an animal take over, I tried to stick to fish and veggies. We were met by a friendly waiter with a searsucker apron. The service was good and friendly.  The food offered a lot of variety and was described as a collection of American specialties with shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, scallops, burgers and other various meats.  It may be that I am a bad orderer, but my selections were not something I would go back for. The scallops were wonderful, the donuts were melt in your mouth good, and the duck fat fries were on par. The shrimp and grits were heartburn inducing and the cobb salad had too much going on leaving me unable to fully taste all the flavors or it just lacked a good dressing. My companions enjoyed their meal and would venture back. I live in Belgium and will stick to my mussels and frites.
4	I've had the chance to eat here twice!Once was for an event, so we had appetizers being passed... and everything was great.Came back with friends for a proper dinner.  The three of us decided to order a variety of the "small plates", including the cowboy caviar, the bone marrow, snakebite lollipops, quail and mussels.We were under the impression that "small plates" would be small... but, we WAY over ordered.  The small plates were large, in our opinion.  I could have had the qual by myself as a filling meal.  But, hey, that makes this place a fantastic value!!  Food was fresh, creative, and everything was absolutely delicious.  My hubby raves about the bone marrow!Will be back!
4	I am so bummed that I waited so long to go to Searsucker! It was absolutely fabulous. I will admit that my fondness for Top Chef and the adorable Brian Malarkey was the first reason why I wanted to eat at this new Scottsdale restaurant, but the food and ambiance will be why I go back again. The restaurant is tucked off Camelback road and Fashion Square Mall and has these funky looking animal statues outside. Hey, I guess you gotta do what you can to get people to notice you, right?The staff was very friendly and welcoming to us. There was a DJ in the bar area and many people enjoying happy hour. The dining room was pretty dead, but it is July in Phoenix and that can be expected of many restaurants. The restaurant was very big, much bigger than I anticipated. The ambiance was casual and sexy at the same time. I started off with a La Primavera cocktail and it was delicious, but not remarkable. My husband ordered a red wine suggested by our server. It was very good. Of course my husband will always Google a wine on his phone if he likes it so he can compare prices. I guess it was overly priced per glass vs what you could get the wine by the bottle in a retail outlet. Oh well, that is Scottsdale.We started off with the Smalls: Pork belly "bacon" + 63 degree egg. It was not only gorgeous in presentation, but really tasty! Kinda like breakfast for dinner. Next up, we split the "Cobb" salad. Oh. My. Gosh. I know it is just a salad, but it was amazing. The blue cheese vinaigrette was amazing. The flavors of the toppings were incredible with every bite.I'm crazy about veggie sides, so I almost ordered all of them with dinner so I could take a few bites of each, but we decided to just do 4. They were the bacon grits, the cauliflower, brussels sprouts, and chorizo with "corn off the cob." The sides were ok. Nothing that wowed me. The brussels were overly salty and I couldn't taste any of the flavor of the other veggie sides because there was so much extra stuff involved in them. But I'm glad I tried them and now know. Luckily, my chicken entree was fantastic. Absolutely delicious and perfectly cooked over a bead of bulgar and sweetbreads (I don't know where the sweetbreads were unless they were mixed in really well with the bulgar,) but they were fantastic. Loved this dish and would order it again.For dessert we split a sundae, I can't remember the name of it, but it was clever. And it was really good. A sweet ending to a great evening.  I can't wait to go back...maybe with a group of friends. It seems like a great place to go for big girls night out.
4	The menu is fun, unique and really intriguing!  It was great to just order a bunch of items with our group to pass and share.  Some thing I was hesitant to order were very good.  Service was good, a little on the slow side, but not annoyingly slow.  Will visit again!
2	Hmmmm - not sure how this place has won awards or was so busy the night we went. We were greeted promptly and seated right away, always a plus. We were greeted by two different waiters - not a big deal as they were busy. BUT when our waiter came up to the table (and it's really loud so it was hard to hear him) we weren't ready to order drinks yet, and after greeting us he just walked away. Again, it was loud so I'm not sure if he said anything but it didn't look like it.When he came back, we ordered drinks and asked about appetizers. He recommended the lollipops and was forthcoming with offering suggestions, which again was good.The lollipops were minced up chicken meat rolled up and fried - extremely strange. They menu made it sound like they were more like skewers or chicken wings, not minced chicken meatballs. And the taste was off too, just a weird app.Ordered the salad with strawberries - way too much dressing, I couldn't even finish it - should have gotten the dressing on the side :/.My husband ordered the shrimp and grits that he shared with our friend, but again the taste was just off. He's from South Carolina and loves his shirmp and grits and orders it anytime he can. But he didn't even finish his portion.I will not be visiting this place again, which was a disappointment because it looked so fun and the menu looked great. Oh well.
3	I've read and heard mixed reviews about Searsucker Scottsdale so I decided to go check it out for myself.  I went with a friend in town so I was a bit nervous to explore unchartered territory. I can understand the mixed reviews. Great atmosphere. NIce for romance or groups. We ponied up at the bar and had great service.  I ordered a handcrafted cocktail that was a special and not on the menu. It was DELISH! Decided to order a few appetizers instead of entrees: Shishito peppers = standard but delicious Pork Belly + Egg on Brioche = tender and decadent. Great flavors. Chicken + Waffles = Surprising preparation. Ask your server. VERY good!Kobe Carpaccio = Meh! I enjoyed the razor thin slices. But the flavor was bland and the hearts of palm slaw in the middle ruined the entire dish. I'd definitely go back!
1	Loud. Couldn't hear the people we were with.Food. Meh.Service was strange. In a hurry to give us our check when we were ordering everything on the menu!!! We weren't campers! We were spending lots of money!We all agreed we would never be going back to Searsucker. Also, our friend Jim is no longer allowed to pick restaurants.
2	Went there yesterday for lunch.Not at all impressed with the food.  Portions were very small.  I am a small eater and ususally get filled up quickly.  But I left there yesterday still a bit hungry.  Nice salad of lettuce and strips of poultry.  Our menu said there were meatballs being served.  The meatballs consisted of just a couple bowls of them on a table which probably sat 15-18 people.  They were bite sized and most people got just 1 and some did not get any.  We were waiting for them to bring more out but instead they came back with the dessert.  A tiny, probably 1.5-2 inch square of red devil sponge cake.  No soft drinks, etc, only water was served.  I had been considering to go back some day for HH but at the size of servings I would probably have to order 5 of the HH menu.I had hoped that I would really like this place, but alas no.
2	After hearing about Searsucker in San Diego with Top Chef's Brian Malarkey we couldn't wait to try Searsucker when it opened here in Arizona. We saw a Groupon and decided to try it right away. If you haven't been, it is in an odd location in the edge of the mall. You have to mark at Neman Marcus or pay $5 to valet. In our opinion, if you don't have a parking lot for your restaurant, you shouldn't charge for valet, or at least validate. Also, I must admit the statues of animals out front are not our taste, but that didn't stop us from being opened minded about the food. That being said, the first thing we tried was the cheese bread they give you before you order. We thought it was overly spicy and not very good. We hoped the tapas would be better.We decided to go with a few different tapas. We tried:1. Meatballs - These were the best thing we tried. They are homemade meatballs in a tomato basil sauce. They are very nice, but they only give you 5 small meatballs in an order.2. Tuna Poke - This wasn't horrible, but it wasn't good. It also wasn't tuna poke. It was more  like a tuna tartare that looked like cat food. It wasn't fishy or anything seriously wrong with it, but there was nothing that stood out about it either. I've had it better at many other places. 3. Duck Fat Fries - These were very heavy and not very good. You could taste the duck fat and it was overwhelming. We've had these at other places and enjoyed them much better. The tomato jam that came with it was sort of pretentious and not very enjoyable. I would have rather had ketchup.4. Cobb Salad - This was by far the worst thing we ordered. The dressing was some sort of cross between ranch and blue cheese and was super watery. Gross. The bacon came in the biggest pieces I've ever seen and basically took over the whole salad. The avocado wasn't fresh and it just left much to be desired. I could have had a better cobb salad from the Cheesecake Factory. 5. Scallop - The scallop was cooked perfect, but the sauce was too sweet and overwhelmed the taste of the scallop. If you like that sweet asian sauce on your scallops, then this was good, but it was too much for us. I'd say the food here was very average at best. The reason I didn't not give Searsucker 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the prices. Everything is extremely expensive and for it just being OK, it is just not worth it. We won't be back to give it another try.
5	Loved it. Bartender very familiar with a "quirky" but wonderful menu. Had cowboy "caviar" (bull balls), spicy squid and an amazing pork belly & poached egg with hollandaise (talk about gilding the lily!). Best bacon eggs I've ever had. All very delicious. Wondering why the restaurant was so empty the evening I was there. Will recommend and return. If you're a foodie, want something a little different from mainstream boring menus, this is the spot.
4	I've been here a few times, and I'm consistently happy with every bite! Never mind that this is the best place to be for seeing reasons why Scottsdale landed on one of the Top Ten Worst Dressed (hey, tiny dresses without spanx and blinged jeans with tattooed shirts clearly appeal to middle class masses), so the people watching is wonderful.... But the highlight is definitely the food! I'm a snob when it comes to shrimp & grits, and I was ready to write an Ode to the Chef with my first bite. The mussels taste good, but are hit or miss - tonight I had some grit, and that is a preparation issue (and not in the happy bacon grits way). The cocktails are as delicious as they are playful, and I can't seem to get enough of the crisp, clean flavor of the Peter Rabbit. I sort of want to go read about how Flopsy and Mopsy are doing... But maybe I'll just have another cocktail and tackle the giant scallop with bacon caramel sauce! You know, come to think of it, I haven't had an entree yet because I eat to my palate's delight from the awesome small plate selection!
5	Really enjoy this place for business lunch. Great burger and good prices. 100% quality.
1	Since we heard this was a restaurant by a celebrity chef, we've been wanting to try it out. We finally had the opportunity this past weekend to go along with family from out of town. We were in a big group and we expected longer wait times to get our food. The service was great but that's about it based on our experience. I ordered the seared tuna, which was recommended by the waiter. Boy was this tuna a big disappointment! It was overcooked and dry. It was like eating a flavorless dry chicken. Other people in the group who ordered the same were overcooked as well. I even tried other seafood dish ordered by other people like the shark, which turned out to be overcooked and salty to no surprise. For the prices of these entrees one would expect a much pleasurable dining experience. But this was not the case at all! To top off the bad experience, the group had to witnessed two cockroaches crawling up and down the surrounding drapes!I'm not the type that normally write Yelp reviews, but this experience was bad enough for me to vent my frustration.
1	My recent visit for lunch left me chuckling! I arrived and took a seat at the bar since I was dining solo.  Another couple was at the bar.  A very sweet bartender took my order.  She couldn't answer any questions, though, because it was her first day serving lunch.  Nice job training staff. I ordered wine, a simple salad with lemon vinaigrette, and the chicken meatballs.  Quite a bit of time went by when I overheard the manager apologizing to the couple at the bar because the kitchen fired chicken meatballs for them instead of regular meatballs.  She gave them the dish gratis. Yep, they were my meatballs. The bartender figured it out and admitted to me--no apology or even a word from the manager.  Then my food came out-both the salad and meatballs together.  Could it hurt to train the server to ask if you want both served together? I ate the meatballs first, which is a good thing because they were barely warm.  They were kind of tasty, but had a Costco prefab texture. The salad was inedible due to copious amounts of salt thrown on it.  Bartender finally asked me how everything was, and I told her that the salad was inedible and the chicken meatballs (while I ate them all because I was starving) were barely even warm.  Manager came over immediately, apologized and said they would fix the salad and comp the meatballs.  I told her that I would pay since I ate them, but she insisted. She went on to say that they were probably not that warm because they rushed to get them out and probably didn't cook them long enough. Eeeek!! Did I just eat undercooked chicken? Well, I didn't get sick so I'm guessing my thought that they were "pre-fab Costco" type meatballs is probably correct.  They are possibly pre-made, pre-cooked and just warmed up when ordered.  For $12 for 5 tiny meatballs--unacceptable. The restaurant is attractive inside, but there were a number of workers sitting at community tables doing paperwork--they were obviously not customers. This is a pet peeve of mine.   For the hype, the price, and the parking hassle, I don't think I would bother giving Searsucker another try.  Oh by the way, the second salad came out perfect.  Simple fresh greens, a little radish, and lemon vinaigrette. Hard to understand how they screwed it up the first time.
4	This restaurant owned/created by celebrity chef Brian Malarkey is just awesome!I have been there twice on lunch at both time where great with good service and nice tatsting food for an affordable price *Pulled pork sandwich is served with an amazing apple slaw and baconaise. Really juicy and supertasty. Price around 11 $ (its a lot of food!) *Mahi mahi sandwich with bacon and avocaod. Almost as good as the pulled pork this little sandwich of goodness had flavorful blackened mahi mahi that went good with the salty bacon, again the famous baconaise and the creamy avocado. My inside tip is to order the Cheddar Puffers (2 $). This was 5 fluffy and cheasy delicious small breadpuffers that was oooh so good!Order them now, thank me later! = )
1	Loved this place when it first opened. Ate there several times a week. Last time it looked  and tasted like cafeteria or airplane food. Won't be returning.
3	We went for a friends bday party and after reading a few other reviews, I agree.  One, the plating was prety.  Two, some bites were really good and some were like "WHAT!"  Everything we tried ie: pickles, bone marrow, fingerling potatoes, cauliflower, shark, filet, and pork had good bites, and had bad.  for instance.  My shark had crab meat on top, couldnt tell if it was fresh or from a can.  It was so super salty it literally felt like I was a horse... if that make sense, licking a salt lick.  I ate around it and the outside of the shark was super salty too!  Like literally salty!!!! i even told the manager he was like... oh im sorry... i had to ask for some lime to tame the salt.  I shoulve asked for a shot of tequila too.Either way, drinks were amazing, and the steak was nicely done.  The server wasn't that on top of it, the horsd'oevre  came before the drinks :/  and it wasnt even busy.  anyways.  it was all right.
5	Smart design, talented presentation, and amazing flavor profiles. Not for the chain restaurant goer. A welcomed gastronomical feat in the gate if old town without a plastic scene. Bravo.
3	Space is nice but very sparse (ie very few patrons here on a Saturday night). Food and service were nice, but not special in any way. Beautiful bathrooms. The DJ played outdated techno music. Apparently it is not an establishment that allows current dance music or hip hop. In fact, the DJ said Management would never allow him to play Snoop Dog or Warren G.I freakin love Warren G. It's Searsucker's loss, unfortunately. The sounds of Warren G cross through cultures and generations. Oh well.
2	My expectations were high after reading about awards it's received.  Over-hyped should be their next.  Liked:  cool & swanky decor - drinks - short rib "cali-belgique" Where things fell short:* The fried brussel sprouts should be renamed "charred" brussel sprouts.  I was debating between the brussel sprouts & the cauliflower.  My waiter pumped up the brussel sprouts and made them sound like heaven.  Then they came served black & crispy.  :-(* The scallop diver surf & turf...where's the turf?  For real.  Don't advertise turf and serve flakes of corned beef with a $35 price tag for 3 scallops.  I better be wowed and just wasn't.
4	When I first heard that there was a new restaurant from one of the Top Chef contestants, I was very excited.  I'm a huge fan of the show, and everything that they cook always looks amazing!  So, I bought a Living Social deal and was excited to use it.  Then, I both heard and read mixed reviews, and I became a little less excited.  But, I'm very happy to say that I went last night and it was FANTASTIC!First I must talk about one dish that was quite possibly the best vegetable dish I've ever put in my mouth:  the mushrooms with burrata and toast small plate.  Words cannot express how much my friend and I enjoyed this dish.  It is a small skillet filled with mushrooms that are cooked in something heavenly, and then you pile the mushrooms, burrata, and arugula on top of this perfectly thick, soft, buttery toast.  My only complaint was that there wasn't more toast!  But even that wasn't so bad because I could have just eaten those mushrooms for days.  This was about as flavorful of a dish as I've ever had.The other fantastic small dish that we had was the chicken and waffle.  I was hesitant at first because the batter was made with Frank's Red Hot Sauce in it, and I am not a fan of hot sauce.  Much to my joy, the dish tasted nothing like hot sauce but just had a fantastic depth of flavor.  I am from the south, and I am not sorry to admit that this was my first chicken and waffle!  I hope they're all like this!  Also, it did not say on the menu, but I believe the chicken was stuffed with maybe ham or proscuitto and some sort of cheese.  It was delicious.Our last small plate was the scallop with bacon and caramel.  This was the one that we were most excited about, but it turned out to be somewhat disappointing.  After the other two, we were expecting to be amazed again, and we were not.  It was good, but, I will probably not order it again, whereas I will be returning as soon as I can for the other two dishes.  To top it all off, they give you these fantastic cheese biscuits when you arrive.  They are vey moist and flavorful and a great way to start the meal.I only have two things to complain about, one of which was my fault.  I ordered the $12 La Primavera cocktail, and it was awful.  It is made with berry vodka, St. Germain, and Campari.  I love St. Germain and vodka, so I ordered this, not knowing what Campari is.  Well, it's a bitters, and, man, was this drink bitter!  I hate sending things back, but I had to send this back.  I can't imagine that anyone would like that, but, I guess if you're a fan of bitters, you might.  Our server was nice enough to take it off my tab, but that was about his only redeeming quality.  He wasn't a jerk or anything, but he wasn't particularly friendly either.  Also, we hardly ever saw him.  The restaurant was not anywhere near packed on a Wednesday night, but, for whatever reason, we saw everyone else who worked there a whole lot more often than our server.  The table next to him even had to ask another server to hunt him down at one point.  Having said that, though, it certainly wasn't bad enough that I wouldn't return.Overall, both my friend and I were extremely pleased with our experience.  We left raving about the food and were just full enough but not disgustingly full after 3 small plates and cheese biscuits.  I will be going back soon, and I only hope that their other dishes are as good as these!
2	We've been back to Searsucker about 4 times and finally after the last time, decided we won't be giving it a second chance. Granted, the first time we went we had really high hopes, but we also were a bit more lenient in our review. The last few times have been so underwhelming. We've likely tried almost everything on the menu now with nothing really standing out-- not even the chicken and waffles (gasp!). Drink menu sounds interesting in theory but feels more like the illusion of good drinks and not really good drinks.
3	I think I'm being generous with a 3 star review, the food is very so so, we went with a group of 5 people and I honestly didn't like a single entree.  I do like the open feel of the place though.  Great marketing also.
2	The $5 parking fee didn't make a good first impression.  Waited for our table at the bar and were served after waiting about 10 minutes. Then, service from our waiter wasn't much better. The $60 bottle of wine we ordered was bad and he brought us a different wine, his choice,which we enjoyed, but it was $80 when we got our bill!  Food was good but overpriced. Wine list prices were outrageous. Won't be going back.
2	Great food, small portions, bad service.
5	Just got back from dinner, and had the best time there! The mahi I had was so beautifully done, also loved the music and live dj they had, was a little warm for my boyfriend but hey it was busy. Overall this has become my new favorite restaurant in old town Scottsdale.
3	I was excited upon seeing a lively rustic chic lounge/bar/dining room. Atmosphere and service were great all-around but there was a noticeable gap between appetizers and entrees.  Of the appetizers, the scallop (one) stood out and the tender squid was fantastic. I'd pass on the dry meatballs. The bacon sounded good but I didn't try it; I just heard the crisp from the other end of a large table. Entrees were meh. Portions were tiny for the price. My filet was overcooked and the meat was tough to cut into. Salmon portion was also laughable and I noticed four differently-sized pieces on four plates. I'm sure they go by weight over shape/size but still, perception trumps reality. The red velvet cake I had was dry and bland. Among the worst I've had for the price.  Halfway through dinner, a live DJ starting spinning house tracks. I don't think it fit the restaurant vibe and average age of patrons. I found it slightly off-putting and made it difficult to hear my dinner party. Another tip: park next door at NM (one minute walk) for free and avoid the valet. Overall: another "celebrity"-chef hype failing to meet expectations. Avoid bedtime texts with dining partners about how hungry y'all still are. Spend the same amount elsewhere for a much more satisfying, and filling, meal.
3	Interested to see that the only menu they offered was the Restaurant week offerings. Not sure if this was supposed to be the case, but OK. Appetizers were the best course. I had the calamari which were by far the best I'd ever had. Husband had the short rib which was also good but not as good as the calamari. My entree was Filet with lobster butter. When it came out the butter was still a frozen disk on top of the meat - eew! Fortunataly manager came over and corrected this problem, but stated when he came back -" we usually serve it cold on top" - what? Husband had the seared ahi tuna which had no flavor whatsoever. Desserts were also just meh.  Does no one make real chocolate mousse anymore as opposed to a blob of frosting-like chocolate covered in ganache?   Might try again with regular menu, but wouldn't go out of my way.
5	Well....the much anticipated #BrunchUnplugged was finally visited by me last Saturday! It's no secret I'm a regular at Searsucker/Scottsdale, and a fan. So I was anxious to get to their new weekend brunch.  Of course I like the atmosphere, and the service, but under the guidance of Chef Aarti Sanghavi, the food was AMAZING.  Chef was introduced to me by the GM and the was the start of my brunch adventure.  I asked her what was good on the menu and she stopped me and said, "wait, what do you like? what do you not like?"  "forget the menu, I know my food and what you will like based on your tastes"  So the beginning of a great hour of food was upon me.Chef Aarti was not kidding in the least!  She began with the waffles, no not your mama's waffles, but waffles from the gods!  or at least Chef Aarti!  Scrumptious describes them! OMG the fois gras butter....really?  Delish!  She then presented me with the 'Green Eggs and Ham"  not quite what to expect, but the toasted brioche, pork belly, and poached egg were perfectly prepared!  Now the 'green' was a kitchen created chimichurri that absolutely made the dish perfect!!!!  As if that were not enough, next to the table was the 'chicken fried chicken'.  Yes a chicken breast filled with pork then deep fried and topped with Chef Arti's secret weapon gravy.  If I told you the recipe, she'd have to kill me!  I've not even touched on the bottomless Mimosa's either....!Let's not forget the live music that was energetic, soothing, but it did not interfere with the dining experience...yes LIVE MUSIC!You all owe it to yourselves to head to Scottsdale's Searsucker this weekend for their #BrunchUnplugged!!!
3	The BF went to Searsucker to celebrate our -1 monthaversary (ha) and because we had a living social deal. I must say, there were many great things about the night and other things that weren't so great. We pulled up to the restaurant, and they had valet, but it wasn't complimentary, so we decided to pull the car around to a self park area. I'm not sure why they even have a valet, especially on a weekday night when they aren't so busy. Anyway, that started the night oddly. Then, as the BF was parking, I went in to the restaurant and there was no one at the host stand. I waited for a few minutes before anyone came by. The place wasn't that busy....not awesome. Then, when the host did come he awkwardly asked me if I wanted to go to the bar while waiting for the BF instead of being seated.....so I did. The bar was nice and I got a peter rabbit drink on happy hour...it was really tasty. The BF got there almost immediately, so we sat at the bar for awhile and then asked to be seated again. For food we decided to share the chicken and waffle, the royale with cheese, and some bacon grits. Very healthy...ha. As we were waiting, we got some cheese poppers, which were ok. Not amazing, but not bad. All the food came out at the same time. The chicken and waffle was really good when it first came out, it was a little spicy and a little sweet, but really needed to be eaten right away, because it got soggy and not so good quickly. The burger was good and giant! It was like two patties with bacon between them. It came with a tomato jam, which was ok, but could have had more flavor, and also an onion jam, which was good. It also came with fries, which were ok, but not as crispy as I would like. The grits were good, but they came out cold. They were super indulgent, creamy and cheesy and bacony. If they were hot, they would be a real winner. So everything was pretty good up until this point, so we decided to get dessert. We got the chocolate terrine. It was a huge disappointment....it was bland and didn't have the espresso kick I thought it would have. The ice cream it came with was good. Anyway, it wouldn't be a place I would frequent because the flavor and experience didn't live up to the price. I would suggest going here, maybe for happy hour.
4	Hubby and I shared the pork belly and the short rib small plates. I Loved the Pork belly. We also ordered 2 desserts. The alexis michelle terrine and the ranndy jackson presents: "the sundae". Both were really good but OMG the sundae was so delicious the bacon caramel popcorn was a unique idea and was such a great addition to the dish.
5	Had a great time, for new Resturant it was great. We loved the smalls, next time we all agreed to order two courses of these. The house red was so good- we ordered a bottle, very good. Only a few areas of focus, one main was over salted, and for some reason the bar staff could not make a very dirty, very dry martini!!! But all things considered great new Resturant. We will be back
4	Hip and fashionable, Searsucker was a delight.The music sounded like one of my playlists, making it even more delightful.The food, fairly eclectic.Searsucker's menu definitely marches to the beat of a different drummer with it's crab mac 'n cheese, lobster dumplings, and shrimp in bacon grits. Other notables were the cauliflower in creme fraiche, and the short rib entree.On the cocktail side, the Honeybadger brought a tear to my eye. The same drink concoction my late mother used to give us kids when we were sick....bourbon, honey and fresh squeezed lemonade, this drink was not only delicious, but brought back a flood of precious mom memories.Searsucker isn't for the vanilla lover, it's geared more toward the peanut brittle, fudge chocolate cherry lime ice-cream lover.
5	We went to Searsucker with a couple of friends of ours and were really impressed by the decor and with Les, the GM. He was extremely nice and was definitely a service-minded host.We tried and compared a bunch of different dishes, so I'll provide a little overview. Overall, the food was excellent. I definitely have a taste for some things over others, but everything was quality in its presentation.Cheddar puffers = Mind-blowingly good."Cowboy caviar" = I don't care what you think. I was also blown away by these. They taste like dark-meat chicken. Buttery rich.Marrow bone = A lot better than I expected. Would have no issue eating this again.Mussels = Very good, and I say that not being a seafood guy.Beef tartare = First time ever trying this. The meat was delicious. The accessories (quail egg, taro chips, etc.) didn't do a lot for me.Hanger "butcher's steak" = I ordered this for myself and after sampling the dishes of everyone else in our group, we all thought mine was the best. Excellent steak all around.Mahi = Not enough flavor, in my opinion. It tasted like your typical sea fish.Salmon = Far from the best salmon I've had. Didn't quite seem tender or flavored enough.Duck = Not sure what I was supposed to expect, but it was pretty rubbery.Fried brussels & walnuts = solid. Nothing extraordinary.Cauliflower = absolutely delicious. Would definitely get this again next time.Doughnuts & chocolate = very tasty. Probably would order differently next time, since I'm not big on dark chocolate sauce, but still good.
1	Food was ok, service was awful....server kept leaving the restaurant probably for some extra curricular activities.  We had to flag down the manager to get our check. Save your time and a lot of money and go somewhere else.
4	Great food and atmosphere! My new favorite weekend brunch spot. The 'boring' breakfast was amazing. Maple bacon, potatoes were to die for, and everything was prepared perfectly. They also have live music and bottomless mimosas. My friends and I had fantastic service when we were here for brunch. I have also been here for dinner- dinner was definitely on the pricy side but they have good deals during happy hour. The one time I was here during happy hour I was disappointed by the service at the bar (happy hour is only in the bar area) but the other times I've visited the service has been great.
5	This place is TOP NOTCH! I love trying new things and if you are down to try something different this is the place to go. Everything is awesome including the drinks. Peter rabbit is a great drink and different. Love it!
2	Visited on Jan 3, 2014, I oredered dinner at the bar, great food. There were 2 bartenders The bar as vary slow. The worst service ever, had to flag them down for drininksmand water. Will not repeat.
1	THIS PLACE IS CLOSED.I made reservations at the beginning of the month through Open Table and had been looking forward to going all week as a date night with the hubs. We received a confirmation email yesterday for our reservations last night, but when we arrived there was a sign on the door saying that Searsucker was closed. I thought it a bit rude that they didn't even call us to let us know. When I looked it up on-line today, I found out that it is closed permanently (and seemingly suddenly). I hope that all of the workers can find new positions; otherwise, what a crappy way to start the new year.(http://www.azcentral.com/thingstodo/dining/articles/20140108searsucker-scottsdale-closes-closed.html)
4	I am blown away! I loved Searsucker . . . but I have to admit that I thought it was a bad location from the very beginning. But, of course, no one asked me . . . so I kept my mouth shut  . . . well, except when I was enjoying a Peter Rabbit (no ice please!). My fingers are crossed that Brian will reopen in a much better location in Scottsdale. Please, please, please.
4	Searsucker is getting  solid 4 stars because our waiter and the chef went above and beyond to make our experience top notch.  Food is unconventional and tasty and we had the added bonus of having the sous chef come by our table and provide suggestions on how to eat each of the small plates which were little delicious concoctions of flavor and texture. Favorite - the marrow with fried Brussels sprouts - suggestion by chef.
5	I recently held a work event here and I cannot tell you how amazing the night was! The catering director was amazing to work with and made all the details easy, the staff was fabulous, and the food and drinks were just outstanding. I would highly recommend dinner or an event at Searsucker.
