5	I have seen Alex for highlights, color and haircuts he is a great hair styles. Also Abby is the nail tech and she one of the best in the business. They both do a great job and very professional.
5	Just wanted to say how pleased I am with Alex and his salon at ocotillo.  He cut both my hair and my mother's and did a superb job on both.  Alex is very courteous and really listens to how you want your hair to look. His salon is spotless and nicely decorated.  I haven't had my nails done, but I have been told the technician there is great.  I highly recommend Alex for an excellent and professional haircut and style.  And though I don't color my hair, I have no doubt he does top-notch work in that line as well.  We will be repeat customers.
5	Alex is so great. He is not only very nice but he does his job right. My little brother goes to him all the time. We live out in Mesa and it is kind of a drive from where we live but he won't go anywhere else but here. Very professional and kind to all customers.
5	I just moved into the area and was desperate for a haircut.  I just happened to see Alex's Salon driving by and thought I would give it a shot.  I have been going there to get my weekly haircut now for the past few months.  Alex is a great barber and takes his time to make sure you are satisfied with your cut.  So guys if you are looking for a good barber, then don't be scared to go to this salon.  The price is right too!
5	Alex is an excellent stylist for highlighting and hair cuts. He's a very pleasant shopkeeper who takes time to listen to your ideas about your hairstyle before he begins. Abby is a day brightener who is very skilled at manicures and pedicures. Going to their Salon is a huge time-saver as Abby will work on my nails while Alex works on highlights. The Salon is conveniently located by Papa John's and Safeway on Alma School & Chandler Heights. The atmosphere isn't fancy, though clean and efficient. Professional service at a reasonable price ... plus service with a smile!
