4	Every time I end up going to Casa Don Juan, which is pretty much every First Friday because they're right down the street from where I'm hanging, there is an encounter with a crazy person or two.  Sometimes the crazy people are in my group yakking on and on about riding sheep, sometimes they're in the form of a large, older woman showing us the tattoo on her breast.  And in case you were wondering, yes it involved a rose.  Because of this and this alone, this very mediocre place gets an extra star.  I loves me some crazies!The food is OK.  It's not scary or anything, and when you've got a Friday night, beer fueled hunger on it can be damn fine.  It's better than Macayo's even though the waitresses share uniforms, I think.  The service is pretty universally crappy.  Maybe it's because I'm there on what has to be their busiest night of the month, but seriously, one should not have to wait 20 minutes for a check.  I would like to kiss the man who brought a fellow diner a side of sour cream on a plate.  A few minutes later, he reached for what he thought was his napkin and got a surprise.  It gave me a different crazy to look at to distract me from that lady's boob.
4	[Location is 1204 S. Main].  I really enjoyed the management and staff here. All were friendly and bilingual. More than willing to allow me to practice my Spanish.  The food was serve quick, and hot.  The (pineapple fruit) drink I had accompanied my Veggie tacos and guacamole tip nicely.  Only down side to this place was the chips.  I love good tortilla chips and Don Juan's didn't get me hot or bothered.  Still for the price, this place was a great value.
4	Good, reliable Mexican food. I've been here 2x and both times were satisfying. It's conveniently located to the First Friday festivities... and you can guarantee yourself a healthy portion of food.The grilled fish Ranchero style was perfectly cooked. Guacamole was good with just the right amount of onions. The margaritas were a little weak though so expect to drink a few before you get a buzz.If you come on a First Friday, expect a crazy crowd and expect that your server may be in the weeds and therefore... not so attentive. Come any other night of the month and service should be just fine.I like this place because the crowd... and the hot summer night I just walked out of and into this restaurant.... somehow reminds me of a night at Chuy's in Austin, TX.
4	Casa Don Juan has been on the "To Eat" list for awhile since it's always packed at this place.  We found ourselves here last Friday night (conveniently on the very busy First Friday too).Starving and not wanting to wait, we decided to sit out front in this hot Vegas evening weather.  Tortilla chips with salsa and warm bean dip with cheese melting into it arrived swiftly at our table.  I was already impressed!  (I don't think I ever got beans with my chips before!)  We were chomping away on the chips and dip!  Yum-my!What to drink?!  I went for the Mango Margarita ($4.99) on the rocks.  The BF went for what is known as a Red Beer, Clamato with beer and hot sauce.  Now, this was delicious!  I ended up drinking more of his beer than my margarita.  Don't get me wrong, the margarita was good, I realized I wasn't craving the sweetness of it anymore once I got a taste of his beer!  Their Pina Colada is a bit hit at $8.99 and served in a hollowed out pineapple.Their menu is huge and extensive!  We had no idea where to start since we wanted to try a bit of everything.  We ended up with the Mixta Ceviche ($4.99), which comes with shrimp, octopus, fish, and lots of avocado.  It's a hearty portion and the octopus was pretty tender.  Not rubbery at all.  We also did the tacos ($1.99) a la carte - six of them!  Two each of the al pastor, carnitas, and the lengua.  They were loaded up with meat and guacamole.  The BF didn't expect them to be so filling and we actually couldn't finish it all!Service was fab!  Our waiter and busboy were super friendly and always had a smile on their face!  Everyone seems pretty happy there - the diners and employees, so it makes your dining experience all that much better!This place is popular, I even ran into Allison J. who had dined there earlier that evening! Definitely worth checking out for some good Mexican food! (Check out the photos from our eats in the business profile section!)
3	Good authentic Mexican food. And the aguas are GOOD! Try the mango flavor.  It's a big restaurant, and the service is good.There's a private lot, but it's only for a couple of spots, so the street parking on Main Street is a better bet.
4	First time eating here on 9.27.08 (Saturday) about 7:30pm with reservations made earlier in the day.  Guac was good, nice salsa and bean dip with chips;  impressed with the quality of meat in both the beef enchilada and chicken taco (only shredded is offered, which works for me!).  Others had carnitas; I tasted the dish, but it was too salty for me.Cadillac margaritas were very good. A lot of dishes under $10 bucks, but majority of us had $11 - $15 dishes.  For eleven of us with tax and tip was about $275.00 (not a bad deal considering 6 beers, 5 Cadillacs and desserts).
4	Returned again for dinner before First Friday and enjoyed the nice evening October weather by sitting outside. Service was a dud this time, with our one waiter and one busboy running all around town.  It took forever to get our order in, to get plates, to get our check, to pay for the bill, etc.  Service was just lacking altogether.  By the time we did get our plates (which we had requested early on), our food was not hot.  Reminders about more chips, beans, and salsa were forgotten.Food was still good though!  Chips with warm refried beans and cheese and hot salsa are always a joy to munch on here.  Our party of three ordered a few dishes to share.* Carnitas de Puerco con guacamole, arroz, frijoles y pico de gallo ($8.99) - Generous amount of shredded pork.  More than enough for one person.  And it was moist and tasty, not dry at all.* 3 Enchiladas de Pollo con arroz y frijoles ($9.99) - It was good, not my favorite of the bunch. I spent more time eating everything else.  We chose the chicken for all three, although you can get beef or cheese as well.* Carne Asada (estilo Casa Don Juan) con arroz, frijoles y guacamole ($10.99) - A decent size piece of steak covered with onions.  It took forever to cut with the butter knife they give.  They either have to cut it in strips or give you a steak knife so you can cut into it better.We also ordered three micheladas.  But the waiter said it's called something else when there's hot sauce in it.  I forgot.  Oh well.  But it was pretty good nonetheless.There was a slight discrepancy with the bill where they charged us for another beer.  It's always a pain to find things added on your bill and having to get them to fix it.  So double check your bill when dining here.Overall, it's still a great place for Mexican food with great atmosphere.  Wonderful people watching when sitting outside, but it always seems lively when I pop in to use the loo.  (Not sure how the atmosphere outside would be should it not be First Friday.)3.5 stars.(Pics posted from our dinner!)
4	Finally, a great option for good food close to the Strip that's not a chain or fancy-pants casino restaurant!I shared a Saturday afternoon lunch with my dad and grandmother and we all were impressed with the quality, flavor and portion sizes we received!  The wait staff was happy to bring my dad a bowl of their hottest sauce, as he didn't think the regular salsa that came with the chips and beans was hot enough.My carnitas was tender and juicy, served with guacamole and lime alongside of some of the best spanish rice I've had.  My dad proclaimed the chorizo in his huevos con chorizo to be very flavorful - he said it wasn't spicy at all, but he can't be believed in that.  The tortillas that accompanied our entrees were obviously very fresh and hand-made.The service was friendly, but could have been a tad more attentive.  Lunch for three with coffee and tea, plus a dessert to-go was $41.  All in all, no complaints - and I'll definately be bringing friends and family back to Casa Don Juan.
5	In my experience Mexican fare in Las Vegas is pretty much the same.  This restaurant has recipes more like those in Albuquerque.
4	Very pleased with this place. I heard mixed reviews but we had a great experience here. Bright pastel colors gave it a south of the border feel - a stark contrast to the grunge of Main St outside.Parking was decent, small lot but we had no problem finding a spot. Excellent service, the food was awesome. Tecate beer came in a can, unopened with a lime on top. The chips were a little bland though, but the salsa was good and had a nice kick to it and the bean dip was good too.We had the chicken tacos and beef enchiladas and it was awesome. The rice was really good too. Much better then I've had elsewhere around town. Definitely will go back again.
3	After hitting the Frankie's Tiki Bar near by, we were looking for a good place to eat.  Being from Hawaii, we don't get a lot of authentic Mexican food - so we were happy to give this place a try based on the Yelp reviews.Prices were good - compared to Hawaii - and the plate sizes were giant.  I wish restaurants would make smaller plates and smaller prices!  Guac was very yummy!Only reason this doesn't rate higher is due to the servers.  We were asked if we wanted Guac with a chips and we said yes.  However, it didn't show up and we had to ASK for it!  Then the drinks never got refilled and water never came.  We are used to crappy service in Hawaii but this was pretty bad.I'd come here again, but I'd split a plate with someone and not expect the service to be spot on.
5	Guacamole, salsa, beans, and chips right to the table as soon as you sit down is always a win.Their guacamole is the best or second best I have had here in Vegas. And I love guacamole.Also quite possibly the best carnitas plate I have had, ever.The portions were just right.Then again I did drink a giant margarita before I ate...Service is kind of slow, but I guess I was expecting it. Can't wait to go back!
4	It has become a tradition that every time my girlfriend comes to town, we make a pilagramage to Casa Don Juan. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, makes no difference to us as long as we can get our hands some of  their signature gucamole or nachos or any of their other fine entree's. When it comes to a great Mexican restaurant close to the strip, Casa Don Juan has it all.
5	The thing I love about this place is that there are so many options with room for modification. I will admit that I'm a picky eater and this restaurant is always willing to modify it's dishes to fit my needs. The staff is great and for the prices these dishes go for, the value can't be beat.  Appetizers like the Salsa, Pico De Gallo, and Beans are always there right after you sit down and ordering is an easy process because the servers are always very knowledgeable about the food on the menu.   There's also a guitar player who plays tunes for the customers and happily takes requests from the audience.  Every time I go there though I want to tune his guitar cause it's waaaaaaaay out of tune haha... maybe it's supposed to be that way I'm not sure.  Kidding aside, it's always nice to hear a song or two while we eat.  Service and food are both exemplary here and definitely recommend Casa Don Juan to everyone.  Two words: Chile Rellenos... 'nuf sed!
4	Very good and consistent.  Nice place to go for an inexpensive lunch.  Never in the area for dinner so I don't know how it is there, but I would think it's just as good.
4	I went there based on the reviews of fellow Yelpers and was not disappointed.  We shared the Carnitas and enjoyed the homemade corn tortillas.  I'm going back the next time I'm in town!
5	So I'm a gringo as they refer to us-  A group of pale skinned honkies whose greatest contribution to the Mexican food culture is taco bell. I wouldn't know "authentic" Mexican food from plain old Mexican food but this place is really good. It's a far cry from the ultrabland shite we call Macayo's. The service was good, and we really enjoyed the food. The beef seemed to be  actual beef which was a really cool treat.  The burrito was huge, the salsa's great and I got a bueno vibe.(see what I did there?)It's my first review, and yes I'm really like this in real life. You should add me as a friend cause I eat out alot, and I make with the laughing all the time.
4	Good food.  Great shrimp tacos!  Gauc is delicious!  Service during lunch can be slow and you may have to beg for your check.Biggest plus: I saw President Clinton there when he was in town campaigning for Hillary.  I turned into a giggling girl and all I got out was Hello, Mr. President.
5	Love the place. Great food, great decor'. Friendly. Great location for First Friday. Nothing better on a lazy day then pictures of Frida, beef burrito and Dos XX
4	The fajitas here are great! I ordered a steak - shrimp combo and trust me, they don't skimp out on the meat here. Next time I could easily share this entree. I went with my boyfriend and his 2 and 4 year old kids after a day of swimming at the golden nugget pool. The kids were totally wiped out and wanted something simple. So, luckily for us they had "american" options of chicken nuggets and fries, their favorite! My margarita was delicious, gigantic, and topped with gran marnier! perfect. My boyfriend ordered chicken enchiladas and I loved the sauce on it. The next time I went back I ordered a taco and tamale, but I'll be sticking with fajitas from now on, they were the best.
5	yumm. if youre in vegas visiting, this place is a good place to go for lunch or dinner if youre not feeling like anotherrr buffet. Good service, great food, prices are reasonable! where else can you get guacamole for just 3$!? (not in california) and everything is home made! their tortillas and beans, omggg so GOOD!
4	OK guys let me start off by saying until just about 3 years ago I have lived in Orange and Los Angeles Counties.  I was born and raised in So Cal. I have done my grocery shopping at Mercado's.  I've had many a drunken, reckless, eat till you burst and drink till you puke night in baja.  I have smuggled fireworks and Cuban, or what I was told were, Cuban cigars across the border and yes, I have most likely eaten dog or donkey tacos in Tijuana.  So If I am well versed enough to speak my mind about anything it would be Mexican food.  With all that being said...On with the review.My quest for good humble Mexican food in the Vegas valley has been 3 years in the making and time after time I have been disappointed.  This place however was good.  It was not bad but it was not out of this world fantastic.  I ordered a shrimp ceviche tostada 3 tacos, one carne asada, one al pastor, and one lengua to get a full range of flavors.  The lengua was pretty damn good moist, tender and flavorful, the same goes for the pastor it had good flavor, good texture and the taste was pretty impressive.  Now this was not the case with the asada.  The carne asada taco was dry and overcooked I would like to think I just got a bad batch but who knows.  OK on to the ceviche. The ceviche was again not fantastic but better than just average.  I would like to have seen whole shrimp instead of the diced pieces of shrimp that they used here .  There was also a lot of diced tomatoes to act as filler.  If this same exact restaurant was located in Long Beach, CA I most likely would have given it 3 stars instead of 4, but considering the number of bad experiences I've had in Vegas, Casa Don Juan has acted as a glimmer of hope and provided this Californian a taste of home.
5	So my brother, a Vegas local, took us to Casa about 5 years ago and ever since then, we can't help going back. I have never once ordered a repeat item off the menu and have yet to find a dish I don't like to eat from this place. Look, it's just damn good Mexican food. What more do you need to know? The place has great ambiance, the staff are nice and the prices are good. Enjoy!
5	This place is amazing! I started out chowing down on the homemade refried beans & guac. These beans were almost as good as my Nicaraguan mama makes. I was surprised to see that they had carne asada because I can no longer find carne asada @ mexican resturants nowadays. This place is a must!
4	This place was awesome, flat out. We went here on a tip from my future mother-in law, and it was fantastic. Friendly and attentive service from the staff, a BANGIN' Cadillac margarita, and best of all, awesome eats! I had the carnitas. This perfect portion of pork was nice and moist, and flavorful beyond belief! Another point for the hand-made tortillas that are "hecho con amor".We all cabbed it here, and when we were done, the waiter went outside to flag us a cab! Now THAT is good service! We WILL return!
4	In the middle of countless furniture stores, bail bonds, and some thrift shops on Main Street sits this restaurant with really good Mexican food. Very pretty inside! I love the atmosphere. The servers are wearing the outfits to match the festive interior. The service is pretty good. There is street parking with meters (quarters) and there is a  parking lot in the back of the restaurant. For First Friday, they set up seating on the sidewalk.You get chips & salsa (yummy)- guacamole is  extra. I always get the fish tacos here, which are really good, and good sized, too. In fact, I don't think that I've ever veered away from the fish tacos (and I've been coming here for years now). My husband always gets the beef burrito here.  Prices are reasonable. Participates in the Entertainment Book. I would recommend this restaurant.
2	Over the years I have past this place 1000's of times.  I finally had the opportunity to eat there yesterday and it was a big disappointment.We arrived a little early and decided to have a Beer and much on some Chips & Salsa while waiting for a friend to arrive.  We also ordered a side of Guacamole to go with it.  The Chips & Salsa were ok and the Guacamole was ok.  The Chips didn't taste fresh and there was a bunch of mashed up small pieces at the bottom of the basket, which normally means we got an older batch and had the last basket before they prepared fresh chips.....Strike 1.When my friend finally arrived, it took forever for the server to come by and take our order.  At first we didn't realize how long it was because we had a couple of Beers to hold us over, but after a while we began to notice that it was taking a long time.  I had to flag her down after waiting for 15 minutes.....Strike 2.I ordered the Beef Fajitas & 1 of their Jalapeno & Cheese Tamales.  They are known for their Tamales, so I was excited to have an opportunity to try one.  The food came out pretty fast, but they didn't bring my Tamale and they didn't bring a friend's entree.  We waited for the food....they brought out my friend's entree, but forgot my Tamale.  I was too busy eating my Fajitas and didn't notice until I was 1/2 way through my food....I mentioned it to the waitress and she said she'd be right back with it.  Meanwhile, the Beef Fajitas were ok.....the flavor wasn't as robust as I would like them to be.....and the meat wasn't up to par.  It wasn't good quality steak in my opinion.Everyone finished their food and the conversation was so good that I forgot about my Tamale until my friend brought it to my attention.....damn, by that point I didn't even want it.  So I mentioned it to the waitress.....she apologized, but it didn't seem sincere.We had a couple more Beers after lunch and when they brought the check, I saw the freakin' Tamale on the bill!  What the hell?!  Strike 3!At that point, I didn't care anymore and since the Tamale was only $3 I paid the damn bill and we left.Overall, I was disappointed with the service and the food quality.Will I return?  Not a chance.
3	I visited CDJ for the first time last night because I don't live in the neighborhood and was meeting a friend.The service was fast and friendly, in fact, our beers and food came out so quickly I was a little shocked. My friend informed me that the food is alway fast. But I know why: the same rice and beans adorn every plate. In fact, the only difference from our two plates was my eggs were probably fried in a pan and his chimichanga was probably fried in a deep fryer.I thought our service was great from the time we walked in to the time we left. Everyone was happy, friendly, and helpful. This goes a long way for me even if the food isn't that great. I would even go as far to say that the service is what kept this place from getting a two-star rating from me. Unfortunately, the food wasn't good enough in my book to make a return visit. The food was generally underseasoned and un-inspiring. This is very standard Mexican fare and nothing outside the box. Maybe it is what it is, but this place is a cliche of a place with excellent service..
3	Chips,salsa ,guacamole and bean dip good not great . Wife raved about chile rellano, it was good , I had the super burritto w carne asada, taste alright but it was cold. Chix tamale dry .  I would visit again, maybe off night I see potential in the food. Service was fine price was reasonable
4	I'm surprised I've never written a review before. Casa Don Juan is part of our regular rotation. The carnitas plate for two with handmade corn tortillas is a must. Since they've added tamales to the menu, we have to have a side of those too - pork is my preference. Salsa can be hit or miss, sad to say it has no consistency. Service is always quick and friendly.
3	Casa don Juan is one of my longtime favorite spots. The Lengua tacos are always consistently delicious and entirely craveable. This is a great casual sit down Mexican restaurant great for pre or post First Friday munchies.The frozen margaritas aren't exactly strong, but they aren't overly sweet either. The atmosphere is warm, exciting, and inviting. It's like Grandma's House in Mexico. Great smiling service, and you can pay at the table or on your way out.
4	Me and my wife were in town celebrating our Anniversary. We get a craving for good authentic Mexican food outside of the strip. Thanks to Yelp, we run into this place. We arrived pretty late (30 minutes before closing time). Luckily the waiter warmly greeted us, and did not make us feel as if we had to leave for arriving so late.The chips and salsa are very good and fresh. They also provide you with a side of beans to enjoy with the aforementioned chips and salsa. I ordered a wet burrito and it was huge! Did not dissapoint. Extremely good!! Plus the waiter was always attentive and provided great service , despite it being past closing time.So if your in town and need some really good mexican food.....this is the place.
4	I'll keep this simple...you want decent Mexican food at a reasonable price the "Casa" has it....try it once and you will return.
3	I read the reviews of Casa Don Juan and decided to give it a go.  It's is good, and it certainly is fast!  I didn't think it would be as fast as it was, but once again, my fellow Yelpers were correct.  I had the carnitas con puerco.  It was a good sized plate of pork slices served with pico, guacamole, refried beans, and rice.  The carnitas were a bit dry, but I fixed that with some Tapatio and by spreading some salsa from the chips over the pork.  The food was good and I enjoyed my dinner here.They served standard chips and salsa with bean dip.  The salsa had a bit of a zing to it, but the bean dip was blah.I'm not sure if I'd return.  This was a visit to try the place.  I'm not sure I'd drive to downtown when there are so many good choices nearer to home.
3	Vegas tends to be about chain restaurants, trendy bars, and over the top decor but if you're searching for a "hole-in-the-wall" type Mexican food joint, this would be the place. The theme is your (hate to say it) typical Mexican cheese factor with the bright colors, tacky uniforms, and singing guitar guy but once you plop down in a booth and get snacking on their chips, salsa and guacamole, you'll forgive the rest. Are the chips made fresh? Nah, is the guacamole and salsa? Who knows. What I CAN tell you is that it's good! I dined on the chicken tacos after 2 baskets of chips and salsa and I found the rice, beans, and entree itself to be mighty tasty. Is it a show stopping place for Mexican food? Not really but if you want that authentic, non-chain feel that few and far between seem to offer in this town, then check out Casa Don Juan's. 4 margaritas (I had company OK), guacamole, 2 entrees, and feeling happy and full cost us about $40! Not bad for good eatin.
4	We went to Mundo tonight only to find it's not open on Mondays.  Duh to me for not checking hours in advance.  Plan B - go to Casa Don Juan.  We had two very enjoyable meals.My gringa wife had a plain chicken breast with refried beans.  I had the chicken in mole.  Both were good.  My mole sauce was very flavorful.  It was rich with diverse elements that made it a complex and very tasty dish.While there, a nice gentleman played guitar and sang including Speedy Gonzales.  It was a good meal and a fun evening.I can't wait to go back to try the tongue tacos.
3	Fast service. Casa Don Juan has your run of the mill tex-mex with other native Mexican/South American dishes on the menu. The pricing is fair and the margaritas are exceptional(I believe they carry Cazadores, one of my favorite tequila brands. The serving are usually huge and I can never finish my plate. It's a good place for a first date and other casual social occaisions.
4	Casa Don Juan offers a pretty standard Tex-Mex menu -- burritos, enchiladas, tacos, etc.  And they do a good job with the standards, so they're starting out with 3 stars.  Why 3 stars already?  Because Mexican food is awesome.  And you will get a pretty good version of whatever Mexican dish you order from here.  Not life-changing, but good, Tex-Mex comfort food.  The extra star comes from the restaurant's staff.  I've been there for lunch a few times and in the evening during First Friday events once or twice.  Each time I've been there, the wait staff is friendly and outgoing.  Talking to them generally brightens my day (I work downtown, I need brightening).  Even in the middle of a lunch rush, they are very attentive (last time I was there, they refilled my iced tea so many times that I almost burst).And if you go at lunch, the owners are often around checking in with tables to make sure everything was good. Hey, family-owned places are becoming rarer in Vegas.  I'm a fan of comfort food done well and great customer service.  Check and check.
4	If you find yourself Jonesing something somewhat authentic in Vegas, then Casa Don Juan will be your love affair for a Mexican meal.
5	Great food, amazing guacamole you must try it.  Reasonably priced.  Show up before six for happy hour.
3	The chicken tacos are arguably some of the best in town! The guacamole is a little too creamy for my taste. I prefer my guac to be made table side. Plus the fact that they get from the bartender makes me think that there's just a big vat of guac behind the bar. And that's the first thing you're asked when seated "Would you like guacamole?" I haven't had much else, I think the chile relleno was pretty tasty as well. Would give them 4 stars just for the chicken tacos, but the guac makes me take a star away.
4	Sometimes a well-planned coincidence is just what you need.  Yes, I realize that the word planned coincidence is an oxymoron, an oxymoron like Casa Don Juan.  First of all, the decor looks a little too festive and forcefully Mexican.  Any Mexican joint with that many framed photos of Frida, well, has something to prove.  Second of all, I ended up there as a result of an odd calculation with a close girlfriend who lives across town, as it so happens, Casa Don Juan seems the exact middle point of distance for us.  With such contrived factors in play, I expected the food to disappoint.  What a pleasant surprise Don Juan was!The frigid January evening in the Vegas dessert is off to a fun start with really good live Mariachi music, the soft and painfully romantic kind of Mariachi that makes any woman wish she was living life with a South-of-the-Border lover, or maybe just with Mariachi music as the soundtrack.A request for black beans (a blessing and curse from P90X nutrition plan) ends up with a waiter's "no" response, accompanied by the "this is authentic Mexican, we don't do healthy" glance.  However, he was nice enough to give me whole beans before they refry them in lard.  Beans were good, rice was good, tortilla was warm, and good.  But the mole sauce on the chicken was, well, a perfect reminder of my college crush on Mexican culture.  Flavorful spices and a hint of chocolate left heat on my tongue to be remembered.So now I'm listening to La Paloma Negra by Lila Downs for the rest of the evening, the things that good mole will do to you!
3	Not bad. Not outstanding. Super fast service. Very run of the mill without being a disappointment. Tastes a little pre-made. Could dim the lights a little at night to add some Don Juan ambiance. Warning: Heavy on the raw onions if you go there on a date :)
5	If you are looking for authentic Mexican food with a great atmosphere, this is the place. We are locals and are always looking for great Mexican restaurants and Casa Don Juan does not disappoint! Some friends told us about the great Cadillac margaritas and terrific food and they weren't kidding. I think these may have been some of the best carnitas I've ever tasted, and I just got back from Old Town in San Diego. These were way better! Great staff - Cruz was our waiter and did an awesome job. The whole staff is on it, making sure you are having a great time. When we were there, at my request, a great young mariachi band with a terrific female lead sang 'Bessa Memucho,'  to us. What could be better?! Enjoy the experience!
2	02/14/11 LUNCH. New to the LV region. Had Mexican food in the Los Angeles area for 41 years, so I'm spoiled. Been to a few other mexican places before coming here, this is one of the first reviews I'll write about them. OK, today. Ordered cadillac margarita, which was OK but expensive. Chile relleno was OK. (Chapala's has better ones, IMO.) Good green chili chicken tamale, but not enough of the sauce. Overall, nothing special, and EXPENSIVE for the experience, especially for a lunch. PS I should mention, the wait staff, albeit a little overwhelmed by the crowd for Valentine's Day lunch, were VERY COURTEOUS and WONDERFUL to me. ALL very friendly and attentive.
5	I don't think I have any complaints at all about this place. Dang good food, super service and very good prices. I am here once a week stuffing my gut.
4	First off, I went to Casa Don Juan on St. Patrick's Day for a pre-game meal since I would be drinking heavily. I assumed Mexican food would be a good pre-cursor to getting totally hammered. What can I say? I like to think ahead now that I'm in my "late" 20s.Being that is was Thursday and an Irish holiday the place actually had quite a few people in it. Also, it was much bigger than I had first thought. Plenty of seating in booths and tables. And there was a party table set up next to our table - so obviously they can handle large groups well. When we first sat down we were told about the drink specials (Midori Maragaritas, two for $6.99!!) Amazing. I am assuming it was a St. Patty's Day special (being that they were green), but I would also assume since they had such a great drink special for St. Patty's Day they probably have a decent happy hour and other drink specials. The margaritas were good, a little on the sweet side for me though, but I can contribute that to the Midori, and probably a larger than usual amount because they were wanting to make them GREEN. On to the food - they have a typical Mexican menu. Burritos, fish dishes, and combo plates. I had the "wet burrito" with steak. I thought it was pretty delicious and ate almost all of it. The thing was huge. HUGE. They also offer burritos that are not "wet" - this means there is sauce poured on top of the burrito. Oh, but just as a side note I thought the sauce could have used a BIT more flavor other than tomato taste. But that's a small complaint considering the burrito itself was pretty tasty and they did not skimp on the meat. As another plus - the food came out incredibly quickly, which is usually a staple of Mexican dining, so kudos to them for the quick turn around.I will go back here I think, especially since I'd like to see what other drink specials they may have. Oh, as a side note, it IS downtown on Main Street. So, if you're not used to being downtown and in this particular area of town you may find it a bit seedy. It's okay though, the restaurant is on a main road and the parking lot is well lit. The food and ambiance of the place definitely makes up for the location!
5	Great mexican food
4	I've been to a ton of Mexican joints around town. Many times, I've discovered that it's hard to escape the generic expected tastes that they tend to offer. Casa Don Juan seems to escape that trend by incorporating fresh, homemade flavors that I was able to see and taste. Almost immediately after sitting, we were greeted with chips and salsa. Salsa was great, same with the bean dip. I ended up ordering a side of guacamole with the chips, because of the rave Yelps about it. And yes, I'll have to stand by those reviews, because I absolutely loved the guac.Entrees did not absolutely blow my mind, but they were still very good. The chicken entrees seem to be a bit lackluster, but the beef dishes seem to be more memorable:-Bistec de pollo: a very basic grilled chicken breast dish. I would avoid. Almost seems like something I could make at home-Carne Asada taco: delicious, juicy and flavorful pieces of meat. The homemade tortilla goes with this very well. I was a little surprised that nothing else came with the taco. It was just a tortilla filled with meat, with a side of lemon. The carne asada didn't joke around. One bite was both juicy and flavorful. My next visit is going to have to focus on this.-Chicken mole: much better tasting chicken than the bistec de pollo. I'm thinking it's the sauce that saved it.To end it all, we finished it off with fried ice cream (see picture). Here it's served a little different than I'm used to. Instead of a simple corn flake coating, they add Fruity Pebbles as well. If you're not a fan of the Fruity Pebble taste, maybe you should avoid this. I personally loved it.----All in all, the tortillas and guacamole were some of the best that I've had in Vegas. Friendly service and lively atmosphere were also a plus. Chicken entrees come off a little weak, but the carne asada is sure to impress. If you see me back here, my table will be dedicated exclusively to the cow and whatever it has to offer.
5	Delicious food. Atmosphere like my families parties but my family wasn't there!  Super friendly and nice.They had singing the night we were there.We got huevos rancheros,chile relleno and our friend carne asada or something like that.All mouthwatering and the homemade flour and corn tortillas hot and fresh.I will definatley keep going back.
2	We stopped in here last night for dinner before First Friday. The place was pretty busy, and we were told we'd have a a 30 minute wait. However, it was closer to 45 minutes.There's a big couch in the waiting area decorated with sombreros. The wall was covered with pictures of Frida Kahlo. I liked the look of the place and was looking forward to a good dinner.I ordered a chile relleno and tamal with pork in red sauce. My wife got a carne asada taco, chile relleno, and tamal with chicken in green sauce.While we were waiting for our food, we were given chips, salsa, and bean dip. The salsa wasn't very flavorful and the bean dip was lukewarm. It took a very long time before we got our order. Once we got it, the food was lukewarm. The chile relleno was fine but nothing special. The tamales were okay, but again, nothing special.The only thing I really liked was the carne asada taco. My wife got an order of flan. She's a flan snob and said it was one of the better flan she's had, second only to her favorite at Frank and Fina's Cocina.While we were waiting to be seated, I saw that there was Groupon available for Casa Don Juan. I bought it hoping it would be available to use by the time we were done eating. It wasn't, so I guess I'll be back. I'm hopeful that we'll have a better experience if we go when it's not so busy....I'll let you know!
4	Very nice people very nice food. It could be enough but I feel compeled to express my support for CassaDon Juan in few more words than that. Extremely big and tasty meals, very fast service, attentive waitress etc. seems to be standard there. We lived in Vegas at Stratosphere and were little unsure during our walk there - neighbourhood is not among the most pretty in the city, you walk past several used cars joints and repair shops, the street lights were off....but it all ended when we entered the Casa. The only thing I would change (at least for this particular evening) was the guitarist - although he seemed pretty skilled, mood of his songs wasn't very encouraging. I thought his songs should be more lively.Go there and don't worry, you will fell well there.
4	Been coming here for 10 plus years.............the rice & beans remind so much of my Nana's, brings back great memories of my childhood.
5	WOW!! WHAT A WONDERFUL EXPERIENCE! Service- 5 stars! Food- 5 stars! Atmosphere/cleanliness- 5 stars! We really could not have had a better time here. We were quickly welcomed at the door by the manager, and immediately brought to our table. This place is run like a well-oiled machine. You can tell every employee works together and is busting their ass, without making you feel as if you're being rushed so they can flip a table. I've never seen so many employees smiling. It's as if they enjoyed what they were doing.  What a concept! I'll definitely attribute it to the Mexican culture that prides hardwork while enjoying life attitude. Inspiration for us all. Among the many highlights were our beautiful server Angelica, the incredibly delicious handmade corn and flour tortillas, and the intoxicating salsa.  This is everything you hope for in a sit-down Mexican restaurant. Would love to give more details, but uhh I got a life to live ;-). Will definitely be back soon. Next Saturday sounds good. Angelica here we come!
5	I wish I had this place on a daily basis. Ginormous, amazing portions of food. We went there twice with 3 - 5 people so we tried 8 - 10 different dishes, all spectacular. The bartender hooked us up with awesome margaritas. We had our photo taken and given a free souvenir postcard :) Every dish was superb, the staff was nice, food came quickly. Yummy chips & salsa beforehand which they generously replenishes. All in all, a wonderful place.
4	I would give this 5 stars except for one thing, it's only Mexican food.  How much can you dress up Mexican food...really?The place was very clean and well decorated.  The hostesses wore beautiful traditional Mexican dresses.  We were immediately greeted and shown to our seats.  The musician/karaoke man in the corner was a bit loud, but not obnoxiously so.  He went out of his way to entertain our kids with some personal attention, a song while wearing a funny mask.  (They LOVED it!).  As a matter of fact, the entire staff were completely friendly and helpful.  Everyone went out of their way to make sure our experience was pleasant and enjoyable.  The prices were very reasonable too.There's not much you can do with Mexican food, let's be honest.  But it was very good, as Mexican food goes.  The EXPERIENCE and customer service we were given earns Casa Don Juan 4 and a half stars in my book.  I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	I was not very impressed with Casa Don Juan the first time I went there. However, since I had a Groupon, I had to go back. I am glad I did. The service was much better this time, and our food was actually served hot. I got the chicken fajitas. They were literally sizzling hot. The portion was quite generous. The fajitas were flavorful. I might actually go back, even if I don't have a Groupon.
4	Guacamole is yummy!!!! :DI LOVE coming here to eat breakfast on the weekends. It's the perfect place to eat if you have a hangover too (Menudo), quiet, and no wait if you go between 9am-11am.... So my favorite meal to eat is JUEVOS RANCHEROS $9.. Now I must warn you, they give a very big proportion of food no matter which plate you get. I recommend either one of these plates: the NOPALES, JUEVOS RANCHEROS, CHILAQUILLES, AND you have to try A SIDE OF GUACAMOLE. Their guacamole is made a little differently than most places, no tomatoe, but diced onions and cilantro- YUM!! Aside from the good food, the staff is super friendly, helpful, and always on top of things like filling up your drink, getting you napkins or picking up your plate. You're most likely going to spend about $8-$16 per plate, a little pricey, but well worth it I think :)
4	I was in Vegas for the week end with a group of friends. After a few disappointments with other restaurants, a friend recommended this restaurant place is nice and bright, the service is fast and the food, oh the food, is just right on. What a great experience we had in this place. First of it was Monday morning, most of us hungover (really hungover) It was a group of 12 with out resevations, and they had no problem seating us in a few mins. i thank them for that.I had the puerco en salsa verde (pork in green sauce), the meat was tender, the sauce was spicy but not overwhelming, rice and beans were good.. Other people in my group had different dishes and I got to try a couple of them. The carnitas was really good. camarones a la diabla, just good. Guacamole is really good too. The drinks were great. I wish we had known about this place from the beginning and maybe we would have come here everyday. Casa Don Juan, good service, nice place and excellent food.
4	I came here a couple weeks ago and am finally getting around to reviewing some places I liked. A few friends from work came with me and we arrived about 5pm for diner. We made reservations and our table was set nicely upon arriving, no waiting is good. This was my first time here and it was a very good experience. The place is nice and comforting, paintings on the wall, colorful flags across the ceiling, and very clean. When we were walking to our table I noticed that they make their own tortillas in front of you, or at least in sight from where we were sitting. It was difficult deciding what to order, the food looked and smelt great. So we all order a drink gives and took a little more time to order. I have to point out that their bean dip is delicious! I like to feel out and try different items at a new place I haven't been before, so I went with a combination plate, which included 1 Chili Relleno, 2 Enchiladas, with rice and beans. I also added an El Pastor taco on the side. Once the food came out, everything looked very nice. I liked everything I had ordered, but the El Pastor taco was very memorable. The meat was very tender and juicy, fresh toppings, and nice in size. In conclusion, this place was very good! I had tried some of my coworkers food as well and definitely want to come back and order Good portions, great food, constant refills, and excellent service.
3	Food was decent but the price made it taste worse. I couldn't believe a combo plate for enchiladas was almost $10. I could go to rubios or Baja fresh for the same type of meal for half the price. I would probably not go again bec of the price. Mexican food should not cost this much.
4	The chips and salsa are the best I've had in Las Vegas.  The salsa is obviously homemade, very spicy and lots of fresh cilantro floating around in it.  I could have done without the bean dip.  I had a wet chicken burrito (I feel pervy just typing that).  The burrito was pretty huge and the green sauce had a very spicy kick.  Well worth the $7.99 price tag.  I had so much chips and salsa that the burrito had to go back to the office with me. Service was great.  Everyone is very friendly and a couple of different servers checked in on us.  Parking was crazy because apparently everyone downtown eats lunch here at noon.  Thankfully, there is plenty of street parking.  Just bring a couple of quarters in case you have to use a meter.
3	They had the Groupon, so I decided to give this place a go. The pictures made it seem like real Mexican, so I was excited to try.I had a pina colada (virgin), guacamole with chips and a chicken quesadilla. I really liked the guacamole. They serve it in some sort of edible tortilla bowl. Pretty good. You also get beans and salsa with chips. Beans are worst than canned beans. Absolutely no flavor. The salsa is too spicy for my palate, so I can't really judge.The chicken quesadilla was just ok. Nothing to really write home about.Overall, this place wasn't good enough to return to. Roberto's is way better and cheaper.
2	On my return trip to Casa don Juan I have been somewhat let down. My first visit seemed magical and quirky because I went to eat Mexican on St. Patrick's Day. But alas, it was not meant to be!On a Monday afternoon I took an out of town friend to the thrift/antique store district downtown. We just wanted to kill some time and thought it would be fun. Well, we also were in need of a late afternoon lunch and Casa don Juan was just right there, so we headed over!I was singing their praises - and then we got a basket of cold chips. Boo! They still brought out bean dip with the chips though, along with salsa, so they have that going for them. Then we put in our drink order, and waited, and waited, and waited. Finally the bus boy came with my iced tea and my friend's water. Already my praises were looking bad.My friend went for the chimichanga, and I was torn between getting a torta or the wet burrito. I went for the wet burrito. It certainly was not as good as I remember it. I'm not sure what was wrong, but there was just something mediocre about it. There wasn't much carne asada, the rice and beans were slopped all around inside the burrito and not very well put together. The guac they just unceremoniously slopped on the top of the burrito was halfway spilling off my plate when I got the meal. It just looked like whoever was back there in the kitchen was not paying attention. I mean, it was still good, and yes, my friend did like his chimichanga, but I felt so bad about hyping this place up so much to be so very disappointed.Maybe on St. Patrick's Day they were much more on their game and perhaps the chef wasn't being such a slop that day. I'm not sure. But now I'm not so sure I would go back to Casa don Juan. So sad.
4	This is another great spot for mexican food.Food here is defiantely above average and the service is what Vegas used to be about.In the past I have had Tamales, Enchiladas (Verde was tge best IMO), Chile Relleno and all were very good. Very wide array of tequilas for you to punish your liver with and they know how to break out a margarita.All in all this is a great spot....but I cannot give it 5 stars because you can still sense that little bit of quality that gets left out in high volume joints.
5	We popped into Casa Don Juan for dinner last night. We got our usual carnitas for two and tamale, both were fantastic. The surprise tonight was the salsa and guacamole were also delicious. The salsa was nice and chunky with a little kick and the guac was so fresh and well seasoned. I hope they keep it up.
5	Every time I go to visit my job site I plan lunch with my girlfriend here. We have been visiting this place since 2007. It is a great find for lunch and dinner. I believe it is some of the best Mexican food in town. Lunch can get crowded so we usually get in around 1130 and are seated right away. Get the guac!! It is a little extra but totally worth it. I have never had bad service here and they are very attentive and the food comes out pretty fast. Not fast like microwave, but within a good amount of time for the amount of people they have sitting in there. I usually get shredded beef tacos or enchiladas and the love the rice. Everything is just so yummy. Oh yah and the horchata, YUM! I had bad Mexican just days before I came last Friday so I definitely needed the right stuff!
4	This is one of my favorite authentic Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas. It's easy to get to, but not crowded with tourist traffic. GET THE CARNITAS plate. It's delicious. And they give you a generous serving so there's enough to share. Stiff margaritas, too.
4	Was in the mood for some good mexican food this past weekend and was told this was the place to check out...Gotta say I was not disappointed!  The guacamole was yummy!!!  The portions are big and the prices are more then reasonable. My chicken burrito was great..... I will definitely be back!
5	My husband and I eat here as much as we can and hands down it this is the best Mexican food in town.  Everything we have ever eaten there has been awesome and the prices are great.   The portions are generous and the service is always fast and with a friendly smile!
5	Great place to go alone or with the family.  Great food and they make changes and fix the food the way you want without charging a lot of extra charges.  The people are always there with a smile and so friendly.  Along with the great food it is the best Mexican food restaurant in town and next to the Friday night art festival.
3	Casa Don Juan gets 3 stars because the description is spot on, "A-OK." I like going here, it's like my mom's most favorite Mexican restaurant ever. However, if I had a choice I would go to Lindo Michoacan.The last time we went was for my boyfriends birthday. My mom ordered a whole fried fish covered in garlic. The thing could have easily fed 4 people. It smelled wonderful. However, I have a problem eating anything that stares back at me. I opted for two shredded beef enchiladas.  They were very flavorful and came with very large portions of rice and beans covered in cheese. My bf had a combo plate and he also seemed to enjoy it as well.The portions are huge and very filling. That is usually the problem for me at Casa Don Juan. Now I am not complaining about being served a goodly amount of food for some pretty reasonable prices, but for some reason, every time I go, and no matter the amount of food I eat, it sinks like a stone later. And its not like I over eat each time. I seriously go into a food coma afterwards, and it feels like my stomach is filled with lead.As for the margaritas and pina coladas, hmm, they were not sweet. I've had better ones at Outback . . .I do have to add that they have excellent service. The server asked if it was a special occasion. We told him yes. They were going to bring us some free ice cream but we told them we were Very full. Instead he brought a plate of whipped cream which he dabbed on my bf's nose and the servers sang a birthday song to him. They also have one of those photo ops, where they take a picture of your group and give you a free postcard then later try and sell you a photo (totally optional and there was no pressure).
2	**Summary**       - Service - The service was great. The waiter was took the initiative and answered all questions we had about the menu.       - Flavor - Perhaps it was what we ordered, but the food seemed mediocre.**Ordered**       - $12.99 Pescado (Veracruz style) - They deep fried a whole fish. It was definitely an experience. However, the fish seemed a bit bland (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a192hdM0_UVCYLwPJv1Qwg?select=PJHl0-1lr3VutIljvJWAgg).       - $13.99 Carne Asada con Arroz, Frijoles y Guacomole - The carne asada was decent but a little dry (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a192hdM0_UVCYLwPJv1Qwg?select=2jMekOanf6P9EuTiBzuh0Q).       - $2.50 Lengua (Beef Tounge) Taco - The meat was good. The only complaint was it was really spicy. I had to stop half way to take a break (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/a192hdM0_UVCYLwPJv1Qwg?select=YThhtM8r_BRfN3L56wfKGQ).       - $2.75 Flan Napolitano - Made from scratch flan. It was delicious.**Recommendations**       - Out of all the restaurant style Mexican places, I'd rank this one pretty high. However, I think I'll stick to fast food Tacos El Gordo next time I'm feeling like tacos.
4	The food here is really good , I always order the guacamole as an appetizer ( really good) and as my entree i always get shrimp diablo which is spicy shrimp in a red sauce it comes with rice and beans.  The waiters are nice and the service is really fast.  They have great sangria and their prices are good.
5	My friend wanted Margaritas & Nachos. This place is just what we were looking for. It was busy when we went which we thought was a good sign.Service was excellent. Fast & Courteous. As soon as we sat, the chips, salsa & beans where on the table. Next came water.  Then the  waiter came and was very helpful when we were deciding what to order.  I was craving fruity, so I order the large Mango Margarita & my friend ordered a large Strawberry. I like the fact that they use real fruit in there margaritas. They where large and not weak, perfect! We ordered the nachos. They where served on a very large platter drowned in real cheese w/ beans and shredded chicken. YUM!!!! There was live music & the atmosphere in the place was festive like a real mexican restaurant should be!!!! Will definitely be back to try more food & of course drink more margaritas.
4	Lunch gets pretty packed with the downtown government employee crowd, but there are generally tons of staff to help you get in, fed, and out.  I've went a couple times around 2pm and loved it.  If you're looking for mariachis, then bring an iPod.  If you want Roberto's style quick food, then go to Robertos.  This place has decently priced beers and food.  I'm a fan of kicking back a couple Modelo's with some chips, salsa, and cocktail de camarones.  But then again, if you're in a lunch rush, I don't think two or three beers is what you should be after.Overall, good place to grab a bite/brew with some friends, although for a date, the Bar + Arts Bistro is probably better to head to.
4	This place is GREAT! I would have given it 5 stars because I really enjoyed our first visit. The food was fantastic! The service was friendly, prompt, and attentive even though it was a busy night. Unfortunately the female waitresses we had on our next two visits seemed to be annoyed about having to serve us.If we ever go back, we'll request Walter and leave the kids at home. They charge too much for the kids in my opinion anyway. They seem to be discouraging families from dining there and with food as good as they serve they can probably afford to alienate us.
3	It's just ok, nothing exciting on the menu. Be careful when you sit down the staff is trained to upsale you with guacamole. Your food comes out so fast so they can turn the table. Salsa is very good. They try to take your picture for purchase.. Very tourist type move locals don't appriciate.
5	Wow. This place...is super good. Sometimes you just have to get a little off the strip to taste really good (and cheap!) food. Now first off, I'm from California..so the access to Mexican food is easy, but even with all the good places i've been to in L.A. and San Diego, I was blown away. It's a must to visit this place every time I go to Vegas.
3	I had been urged to come here several times by friends, for whom this is their go-to place for a Mexican food fix.  Finally, they simply took me here.  I didn't know what to expect in a remote area of town that was previously unknown to me.  I just ordered my favorites, and let the chips fall where they landed.In this case an abundance of warm tortilla chips freshly made in house landed on my table in a woven basket, along with hot sauce and a bean dip, just after I had sat down--on a super-hard, wooden seat.  The chips and dipping alternatives were welcome sights for this hungry diner.  Soon two orders of guacamole joined this array, and I quickly forgot about my hard seat.  The homemade guacamole was cool and creamy, but it still retained a few small lumps and tiny pieces of tomato.  If it contained any sour cream, it was not enough for me to notice.  The hot sauce was good and tasty, with medium-level spiciness.  The bean dip, slightly salty, was mild and addictive.  The chip basket was emptying fast, as one after the other worked their way to my mouth.  Service was excellent, as my water and Sprite were replenished without request, and I was even asked to hand over used paper napkins during the course of dining, so new ones could be immediately supplied.  I don't know if this was the regular level of service or influenced by my photo and note taking inside the restaurant.  But it was stellar service.I ordered a Burrito Mojado, a wet carnitas burrito covered with Enchilada Sauce and a smattering of guacamole, that I suspected would be too large for me to finish in one sitting.  And I was right--especially because I ordered it with an a la carte Shredded Beef Taco.  The burrito, which was filled with carnitas, beans, and rice, was a bit salty but otherwise tasted great.  The Enchilada Sauce over melted cheese was mild, which is what I prefer.  I ate and enjoyed a little over half of the gigantic burrito that arrived before me, and packaged the remainder for a follow-up lunch.    The taco in a springy, mostly hard corn tortilla, as ordered, tasted good, but I was quite disappointed that, although it contained adequate amounts of shredded beef, lettuce, and shredded cheese, this taco was sans tomato.  I often pay extra to make sure that I get tomatoes in my tacos, but this time decided that I would just eat what was presented to me as is.  I was surprised that the taco tasted as good as it did while lacking tomatoes, but still would have preferred some cool, red vegetation in that taco.  Non-Mexican fare did not fare that well on this outing.  Diane's ordered Cheeseburger ran into serious trouble.  In two tries at medium-rare, the kitchen first produced a patty that was beyond well done, and then another that was simply well done.  And the forlorn patties each looked to be no thicker than 1/8 of a pound.The restaurant had a display case that contained a Chocolate Cake, Red Velvet Cake, Carrot Cake, Cheesecake, and Lemon Cake that all looked pretty good.  So, I ordered a slice of Lemon Cake for sharing.  And, it was cold, imbued with the flavor of lemon, and pretty darn good!Casa Don Juan has a nice, festive atmosphere with some interesting touches, like several pictures and photos of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo on a dedicated wall.  This is Old Las Vegas, South of the Border style.  And, based on what I ate and experienced here, I intend to return.
5	If you're looking for authentic Mexican food while in Vegas, look to Casa Don Juan. We went to Dos Caminos in Palazzo the day before and I would pick CDJ in a heartbeat over Dos Caminos. First of all, the host told us to wait 2 1/2 minutes. As a joke, I timed him. We were seated in 2 minutes 27 seconds. HAHA!! Seriously. They give you free chips and salsa...and bean dip! Bonus! The guacamole is a must have. So fresh.Everything is good here. Carnitas, machaca, chorizo, carne asada. Everything.Service was excellent even though they were packed.
5	Outstanding!  Our group is from Texas so we were pretty hesitant to go to a Mexican restaurant in Vegas since we have great ones all around us at home.  I couldn't be happier that we decided to go to Casa Don Juans anyway. The chips and corn and flour tortillas are all made great fresh, and the salsa, been dip, guacamole, and queso were delicious. The cheese enchilada was one of the best I have had, made with cheddar instead of American cheese with a tangy housemade red sauce. The carnitas, steak ranchero, and burritos were also all huge hits. And the servers were all helpful, nice, attentive, and generally great. An all around great experience. One caveat, don't walk there from the strop or downtown. Pretty long walk through a somewhat shady looking neighborhood, take a cab and you're set.
4	OMG...I stumbled in this place one night after First Friday and it is Sooo good. This is my favorite little mexican food joint in Las Vegas. The service is superb and the food just yummy. They have a great little fully stocked bar there as well so get your Margarita ON!!  This place is a must!!!
4	This is a great family restaurant that is convenient & their food is always on par.  The service on the other hand needs a little work.
3	I've been going to Casa Don Juan for years, but hadn't visited in more than 6+ months. It looks like the plating and service has changed quite a bit. This time around I went in with a groupon (2 Dinner entrees and 2 Jumbo Cadillac Margaritas for a $46 value) and a group of 3 people.We tried ordering a Thursday special of Sopes without the margaritas they come with and we were told they couldn't charge us for the food without the drinks. Having tasted the jumbo cadillac margaritas we had received from the initial groupon we turned down the offer of getting additional margaritas. Why you might ask? They tasted less than mediocre and whoever made them was horrible at mixing! It also shows the lack of flexibility and management experience when the manager doesn't know how much to charge for food if its not printed on a 'special' pamphlet as well. We didn't mind paying a difference, and ended up ordering one Sope as a separate dish which truly wasn't a sope but a tortilla with chorizo on it.  I give Casa Don Juan 3 stars for seating us promptly and being attended quickly by the servers with chips, bean dip and drinks. The restaurant was clean and it had musicians playing authentic Mexican Corridos with guitars. Definitely set the mood. The cheese dip was great and so was the handmade corn tortillas! But the food is fair, there's no sopa de fideo and we couldn't get over the horrible alcoholic beverages. Some of the staff doesn't understand English, glad we're Mexican and can speak spanish! Parking is also bit tricky and difficult to find-  unless you want to park at a meter-  because it was packed! Not the best yet not the worst experience. Our final bill was $65, we only paid about $30 with tip due to the groupon. For that amount you could go to another Mexican restaurant in a nicer area/location. Maybe in 6+months the food and service will change again. Till then, happy eating!
5	Best mexican restaurant I have had the pleasure of enjoying in Las Vegas. The food is plentiful and affordable. Had my birthday dinner there twice now and they definitely pull out the stops for the celebration. The fajitas are FAJITABULOUS! and the service matches the food.
5	excellent food for a very picky eater!.. the chilaquiles were authentic and flavorful. The service was very friendly and the restaurant was very clean. We got a free postcard with our picture..  A must for all Las Vegas visitors!
1	I am usually a huge fan of Casa Don Juan.  My husband and I go there often for dinner and have always enjoyed it. It is close to my work and co-workers and I go there regularly, but yesterday my experience was disappointing.  I had a Groupon and went there with a couple co-workers. I ordered a Vegetarian Burrito.  I have ordered this burrito many times and have always enjoyed it.  To make it a little more substantial, I asked if I could add chicken to the burrito. The server said that it would be an extra charge, which I completely understood.  The burrito already has rice, beans, cheese, lettuce, guacamole, sour cream, and pico, so of course charging for chicken is understandable. When we received the bill, they had charged $7.99 for chicken! That is more than the burrito itself (Vegetarian Burrito is $5.99)!  Another co-worker of mine ordered a chicken burrito wet, and it was $7.99.  She wanted sour cream so they charged extra for it.  That is understandable, but charging $5.99 for the vegetarian burrito and then $7.99 for chicken to be added is ridiculous!  I asked the server what the $7.99 was for and she told me it was for the chicken, and "I told you that would be an extra charge."  I told her I understand that, but $7.99 on top of the $5.99 for the burrito was not reasonable. I then asked to speak to a manager.  The manager came over and I explained the situation to him.  He responded, "She told you there would be an extra charge for the chicken." I told him I understood that, but $7.99 seems a little unreasonable and if you are going to charge that much you should tell your customers because I am sure no one would pay that.  You could order a whole other burrito for that price! He said that it was rude to tell people the price because it appears that you are implying that they can't afford the $7.99. I told him it was rude and dishonest to NOT tell your customers you were charging them $7.99 for a piece of chicken. He finally stated that he couldn't do anything, that they charged what the owner makes them charge, and "it is what it is."  I was so appalled by their attitudes and lack of customer service. They didn't even try to fix the situation.  Like I said, I do not work far from there, and many of my co-workers go there because we enjoy the food and usually good customer service, but this was unacceptable.  I have told other co-workers and friends about our experience yesterday and they couldn't believe it.  They all thought it was unreasonable and dishonest and were very disappointed. I don't want to say that we will never go back, but it definitely left a bad taste in our mouths and we won't be back anytime soon.
4	I ate here based on a recommendation and the food was great. It was very authentic and seemed to be a locals place, which is always the best. The food was good and it came out very fast, The prices are very reasonable as well, especially as an escape from the high prices of the strip. I highly recommend this place.
4	I have been to this location many times. I usually eat lunch from the lunch specials. I find the service quick and friendly. They usually can get you in and out in 30min. The service is friendly from the greeting Neil the exit.
4	Pretty much all the Yelpers got it right, a fun place with good food at a reasonable price. Visiting friends asked for Tex-Mex, I Yelped and Casa Don Juan popped up. On a Sat Nite we had to wait for seating for 8 as the place was packed. The menu is extensive and has just about every combination and alacarte item you can think of. A excellent choice for atypical Tex-Mex experience.
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE IT! I come here often, but I forget to check in! All I can think about is eating the food and drinking the Mojitos! The margaritas are good too, but I am the Mojito Momma!Easy in and out downtown location! Great for lunch or dinner! Meet friends, have a couple of drinks! CHips and salsa are fantastic, but ne sure to try the cheese dip! THAT IS THE BEST!Everything there is amazing and I am TICKLED that a new location is opening out Northwest closer to me! The most amazing thing I have noticed at Casa is that no matter what you order or when, they bring fresh, HOT food to the table QUICKLY! Must be some magic going on back in that kitchen!
5	Excellent food at very reasonable prices. The carnitas plate and tortilla soup were stellar. This place was a short 10 minutes off the strip and was well worth the drive.
2	I've been there a few times and is not that great, yes they have homemade tortillas and some good dishes but it is way overpriced for what you get and the servers are pretty bitchy. So so place to eat mexican coming from a mexican.
5	I LOVE this place.  the service is dead on and the food is soooo damn good! They just renovated the bar and it looks great.  The decor and the uniforms are great - really adds to the place. I usually get the Tamele and the tacos... man my mouth is watering just writing about the food.
3	Groupon deal with margaritas! That's what brought me in the door. What will keep me coming back? It's certainly not the blandness of all the foods I tasted here. I think they forgot to order salt for the kitchen. The service was exceptional though.Bland food aside, the atmosphere here was quite festive.The colorful and eccentric chandeliers in the bar were my favorite.  I love that they do karaoke every night of the week, but I didn't stay long enough to wait for it to begin.The service was attentive and thoughtful. I ordered the shrimp burrito (of course it wasn't on the menu, but whenever I'm at a Mexican restaurant I always order a burrito with seafood), and my sweetie ordered the 3 chicken enchiladas combo plate. The food is served just as you would expect at a Mexican restaurant: with a heaping helping of rice and beans on the side, and the sauces would have been fantastic if they had just added SALT to the dishes. The jumbo  Cadillac margaritas were included in the deal, and boy were they delicious! With the Groupon deal this place was a great bargain. I'll be back again for the karaoke,  and hopefully they'll supply the chef with some salt for the food next time.
4	Another great lunch time place. There is a wide variety of food on the menu. The service is usually very quick (in and out in less than an hour at lunch time). There is a different lunch special everyday. The red sauce on the enchiladas is divine.
3	I had a Groupon so I decided to stop by and have lunch. The service was pretty good. Attentive and knowledgeable. My food came out amazingly quick which was awesome. As for the food, everything was good. Sadly that's about as far as I can go with it. The salsa for the chips was watery. No onion, tomato or much of anything to be honest. When it came to the guacamole... it seemed like it had been put through a blender. Perhaps I like my guacamole and salsa on the chunky side so to each their own. The chicken mole was once again good but not great. For fifteen dollars a person I would rather eat like a king at a mom and pop Mexican restaurant where there's a little more grease and a lot more flavor.Overall I feel like this is a very refined (bland) Mexican restaurant. Their food is good but by no means amazing. Then again a lot of people tell me how delicious Robertos is... So I guess if that passes for authentic Mexican to some people then I can definitely see how people would be blown away by this place.
5	Everything was amazing. Soups, margaritas and dinner! Simply fresh and best Mexican food ever!
3	Food was good, service was excellent, but dinner (and especially drinks) were pricy
1	i would like to start off to say that i had a good meal. but i went to the bar had two drinks.. i played 55.00 dollars and i was ready to pay for my food they charged me for my drinks i said why when i played 55.00 they gave me the receipt that "was wrong".. it said i sat down there at 6:24pm and i arrived at 5:18 pm...which was wrong because, i made it there at 6:35 i picked my daughter up then came over to eat for almost 45 minutes. to make a long story short i asked them to go over the cameras they said, "they don't work" management was rude and she did nothing to help me. not even go back on the receipts an clarify that i wasn't lying. im not please and i feel like this company is getting over on alot of people with "gambling".. its not about the food or the drinks it about how she gave me receipts that clearly showed i wasn't there at that time. nacy g. our waitress was amazing wonderful server!... management sucks!!!!  I WOULD LIKE FOR EVERYONE TO BE ADVISED THAT THEY ARE TAKING PEOPLES MONEY!! AND THEIR GAMBLING MACHINES ARE WRONG! AND BETTER MANAGEMENT! I WANT MY DAMN MONEY BACK HIGHLY UPSET AND I WANNA PUSH THIS FURTHER CAUSE THIS IS HIGHLY UPSETTING!
4	Great food plus attentive service makes me a happy boy. You could tell the food was from scratch. Margaritas were spot on.
5	We love, love, love, this place!!!!!!  When ever our family comes in from Orange County this is the first place they want to hit!!  The food is great and the service is great!  We never have to wait long to get seated, order, or for our food.  Make sure you order flour tortilla they are AWESOME!! We always go though a few orders of those.  Also the pina colada is served in a real pineapple.
1	I have visited this establishment several times (15+).  I have left another review under a different user name, however; tonight I am done with this place.  I ordered food to go at the bar.  I received my order (unchecked since it's been great previously), got home, and it was wrong.  I live less than 2 miles from this place and the hospitality was less than gracious after paying them.  I asked either my food be replaced and delivered after having to drive there myself or my money be refunded.  The joke was on me.  The management was the epitome of backing up an employee who got stuff wrong.  Unfortunately, the conversation was left that I was incorrect.  I typically abuse YELP for recommendations, and, I know it's bad to rely on others.  However; after this experience, I'm all in on reviews. After calling the offer was for me to come back, get a new entree and leave.  No way to get a credit for what I paid for initially.  I will never go back. THIS PLACE IS A JOKE .Whoops.  Bonito Michoacan IS SO MUCH BETTER ANYWAY!!!!!!!
4	omg I guess any restaurant with a long line is a good one! Specially a mexican restaurant with a lot of hispanic patrons!The food was SO good, like more orgasm on a plate. The tortilla were handmade, really really good! I stuffed my cheeks till i couldnt move.The Margaritas were a little too sweet for me... I still prefer the ones at dona marias. But the food here... to die for!
1	Let me start by saying that I rarely leave negative reviews for restaurants, let alone rate them 1 star, but I feel that I need to share my experience at Casa Don Juan.I've visited Casa Don Juan several times. I usually order a margarita and chips and dip, because their food has never seemed too appetizing or authentic to begin with.  After my last visit, I will NEVER return, not even if I am thirsty. I ordered a fish ceviche tostada and was served FROZEN, actually, Frostbit, shredded tilapia on a tortilla shell.  As soon as I saw it, I questioned the waiter on what kind of fish they used for their ceviche as well as how they prepared it.  The waiter did not know, so I waited, and waited for an answer.  After thirty minutes with no response, I inspected it and confirmed the fish was frozen.  I then personally walked the dish to the kitchen and questioned the cooks as to what I was being served.  They confirmed it was frozen fish with lime juice, but that they'd be happy to make me another one. Seriously? They offered a shrimp ceviche, to which I replied "Is the shrimp frozen too?", sort of jokingly.  They didn't lie and said that too was frozen shrimp with lime juice. But that they could go back and check that the shrimp was defrosted all the way!  "NO, Thanks!"   This is definitely not authentic ceviche, which they should disclose, but that is not even what I am complaining about. These were not even chunks of fish, it was the scraps of frozen bits you find at a bottom of a bag of frozen fish.  Why would you serve that to your customers?  If you are out of something on the menu, your customers prefer you tell them you're all out and not being served scraps of frozen bits of fish.  Or maybe it always looks this way.  Is making $8 dollars on the sale worth it?Needless to say, I highly recommend you DO NOT order ceviche, fish or shrimp, at Casa Don Juan.   I haven't had much else there, like I said before but this is one of those things that is unforgivable when it comes to food.  If I could rate zero stars, I would.Also, I paid my bill 100%, because they still charged me for this food.  I was with my niece and nephew and they ordered burritos, and were charged and extra $1.50 for sour cream and another $1.50 for cheese, per burrito.  That's just ridiculous. The waiter said it would come out of his check if we did not pay for it when I started complaining, so I just paid for it as to not cause a scene.  What a joke!
5	Awesome tamales, this place is legit.  I tried the cheese and jalepeno one, it was awesome.  I also had the cheese enchilada with rice and beans, also awesome.  The enchilada sauce is noteworthy.The free chips and salsa come with green salsa and beans.  Beans!  They know the key to my heart.Vegetarians have the normal options - cheese enchiladas, cheese tamales, vegetarian burrito, tostadas.Prices are normal for a Mexican restaurant, my two-item combo was $12.99, but the tamale combos are more expensive.  Two enchilada combos were $9.99.Service was fast and friendly, I will definitely go here again if I am in Vegas and craving Mexican food.
4	I was very impressed with this place after we ate here a few days ago. Sure it may not be in the best neighborhood, and it looks sorta cheesy from the outside. But don't judge a book by its cover.The first thing I noticed when we entered was the amount of mexican people inside. No, not just the employees, but many of the patrons. You know its a good sign if you see the ethnicity of a restaurant frequenting it. The chips were pretty good. Standard hard corn tortilla served with both salsa and bean dip. The dip was a bit bland but it tasted pretty pure. The salsa had plenty of flavorful salsa. Oh and the margaritas are pretty strong, which is nice I suppose. There's a woman who takes your picture and then tries to sell it back to you in a cheesy Vegas themed frame. A hilarious attempt to squeeze money out of a local.The actual food did not disappoint. My girlfriends chimichanga was easily the best I've ever tasted.I opted for the bistecca ranchera. It was surely the best ranchers sauce I have ever had the pleasure if eating. The steak was well prepared if not a bit chewy. The rice was excellent, as was the guacamole. The flour tortillas were fluffy wnd singed just the way  I like em. I  could see this place earning a 5 from me, but I'll have to see how they do spicy food. Final verdict is pending but current evidence shows this place is a DO.
5	5 star service, food, and price.I love mexican food and eat it all the time living down in San Diego, but I was very surprised to find the best tamale I have ever eaten at a place just off the vegas strip.  I tried the cheese and jalapeno tamale.  The masa was moist and flavorful and there was a perfect amount of filling.  I also had an awesome vegetarian burrito (only like $5) that was simple and delicious.  I got a side of mole to dip it in, as I love to do with any place that has mole,  it was very good.  As you know, moles vary quite a bit.  This one was dark, smokey, and had a stronger balance towards a rich pepper flavor as opposed to a sweeter chocolate one.  They start you off with some great salsa and a bean dip with chips.  Love it!  I only regret not trying a margarita from this place.
5	I have never been disappointed and have only had great success in introducing others to the restaurant. If you are visiting from elsewhere, this is an opportunity to leave the usual Las Vegas hustle and bustle. If you live in Las Vegas - you probably already eat here!
2	This joint is super cute. Fun ambiance and decor. The service was A-OK, and the food was meh. I ordered a 2 tamale combo. The menu description led me to believe the tamales would have a sauce. They didn't, and they desperately needed it. They were dry. I may go again to try a different dish but was not impressed with the food on my initial visit. In addition, harassment by scary downtown people in the parking lot makes frequenting this place less than likely.
4	Always a good stop before or after First Friday. They usually have a live band, which is entertaining. Try the Cadillac Margarita with Patron.Yuuuum.
4	I was impressed with this place. I went there initially after their Groupon deal. The homemade chips and salsa are good. The staff is extremely friendly. They do have like 4 different people waiting on you, but you never are waiting long. I will be back.
2	I had to use my flashlight in order to see the menu!  That should've been my first sign.  I ordered the wet bean burrito with pork green chile.  First of all, the inside of the burrito was filled with sour cream, a few scrap of lettuce and tomatoes.  Beans are a cheap staple and they must've thought I said 'no beans'.  The green chile had no pork.  Honestly, I should've sent my food back!  I had to pour the runny bean dip they serve prior to ordering on top of what ended up being a wet sour cream burrito!  tNext, my husband ordered carne asada taco's.  The corn tortilla's were not grilled.  They were cold - straight out of the package!  My $10 margarita tasted like pre-mix.
4	I ago here more often than not for authentic Mexican food. It is very filling, as the portions are humongous! Make sure you are hungry.
2	We had breakfast at this long established, downtown Mexican eatery on our first morning in town.  The restaurant is a festive motif.  We were served industrial tortilla chips, a watery salsa and a lightweight bean dip.  We each chose huevos rancheros that were accompanied by watery refried beans and the usual tasteless Spanish rice.  Nothing was bad, nor was anything particularly good.  Our bill came up short of our gift certificate's face value so we ordered 2 slices of (mediocre) flan to go.
5	This is by far the best mexican restaurant here in las vegas! I live far from this place but still make the far drive just to have my Carne Asada. mucho bueno! Also order their Horchata it will quence your thirst! The staff are very friendly and the food overall is great! I had my 25th Bday here. I highly recommend this place!
4	Here we go you guys:Great food. Had the shredded beef chimichanga (pronounced Chimmy-CHANG-ga). Sarie had the pork carnitas (pronounced Car-knit-tuhs). Good. Good. Real good.Started out with two-for-one Mojitos. They were as refreshing as skinny dipping in the fountain of youth. We went with a groupon of course, so we also had two house margaritas. I had mine frozen (like my heart). Sarie had hers on the rocks (like our marriage). All good.This place gets crankin around 8 pm. So plan on a busy, eventful, loud experience. Which is exactly what we wanted. There was a birthday girl at the booth next to us. She was very pretty.They did the song and dance for her. Also, the little mariachi man with the guitar can break down one hell of a 'De Colores' if you're interested in that stuff. I am of course.Skipped out on desserts. who can eat a flan after all that booze and chips and rice and beans? The BEAR can, that's who! That's why next time I'm rocking CDJ with the big Bear and we'll go all the way with that caramel custard you guys.
3	My first visit to this Mexican restaurant was a success. We were greeted and seated promptly even though it was busy and we had 6 in our party. Our orders were likewise taken quickly, and our food came out FAST, maybe even a little too fast! There is something I don't say often! The food is fresh and extremely varied, also quite tasty. The chile relleno was stuffed with plenty of cheese, but for me, the batter was a bit thick. Tacos were wonderful and the red sauce on my enchilada was delicious. I wouldn't call this place tex-mex at all, seemed pretty authentic to me!
3	First of all, as you can tell by my pic, I'm a latina, mexican to be exact, so when it comes to mexican food, no one beats grandma or mom's cooking.  I've yet to find AMAZING mexican food in Las Vegas which is pretty damn disappointing.  Casa Don Juan is near my downtown office so I've been several times.  Here's a little rundown as I've tried several things on the menu-Chips and Salsa- the colorful dressed waitstaff bring out chips and salsa with black beans which is pretty awesome. Bonus points for the black beans fo sho!   Add a margarita on the rocks (with salt of course, hey, I said I was mexican. lol) and BAM!  You have one of my favorite snacks/appetizers.Guacamole- I'm suuuper picky with my guacamole and pride myself on making the best.  Meh.  Enough said.Caldo- for you gringos, that means soup.  Probably my favorite thing at Casa.  Served with homemade tortillas. Its pretty amazeballs!!!  Damn I wish I had some for breakfast right now. Big bowl with veggies, beef, and spice filled broth that is out of this world!  Most people sprinkle the top with fresh onions, cilantro, and lime. I hold the onions, but wow, definitely a tasty filling meal!Tacos- unlike that disgusting place down the road Macayos, Casa's taco shells are homemade.  Filled with shredded chicken (or beef), lettuce and tomato...BOMB.Enchiladas- pretty gross.  the sauce is runny and just doesn't have a good taste.  Actually their enchiladas get a big fat "D-."  The only thing worse than Casa's enchiladas are when people make enchiladas with FLOUR tortillas instead of corn.  WHAAAAT??  Fail.Chile Relleno- ugh, I hate when a place messes up a chile relleno. Its pretty filling, cheese is just right, but the awful sauce they suffocate that poor chile with is pure caca. See my above review on enchiladas.Rice and beans- pretty impressive!  I'm probably the most picky when it comes to these two sides and I have to say, they're almost perfect.Margaritas- awesome!  They get an extra star for their tasty drinks.  The only time I crave a margarita is with my chips and salsa, but these are done RIGHT. I also request a better tequila because tequila makes me SUPER feisty! I Know my limits. lol.Service- always very fast and not to toot my own horn but the owner likes a pretty lady so yeah, I always get seated very fast.  Just saying because its so obvious! lol.  Prices- they've upped their prices over the last few years, so their specials are the way to go if you're trying to keep the cost down.  For good mexican I'll pay more, just not sure if this place is completely worth it.  Overall Casa Don Juan is decent.  I'm always up for suggestions on great mexican food.  I want AUTHENTIC.  No more messing around for this little mexi.
4	Great authentic place for Mexican cuisine. The second you walk in it just gives off a good vibe. Food was really good too, I ordered the fajitas and everything came out fresh and hot. Only thing I wasn't too fond of was the guacamole. It was too plain. Just avocados and cilantro. It needed more salt line juice onions peppers etc.
1	If I could give my experience 0 stars I would. The service was just awful! It started with 20 minutes for a drink order. Our server brought the wrong margarita. We ordered mango and they brought strawberry. The owner came over and told us off saying we ordered the wrong margarita and it was our error. She stood there scolding us saying we ordered strawberry when clearly we did not. They re-make the margarita and bring it and it's still the wrong one - a regular instead of mango (but at that point who cared). Our server forgot to order someones food and when we asked he said we never ordered it (even though we did and he repeated it back to us). The server then brought the wrong food for another person. When we spoke to the owner afterwards (again), she was just as rude (if not worse) and then said FINE I'll give you a 10% off coupon. We told her, we don't want a coupon we're just giving you feedback. We're not complaining for a coupon or discount. She raised her voice, started walking away, rolling her eyes and said it was all our fault. Granted, we're not a group of rocket scientists but being college educated adults I think we know how to order a meal. She was a real witch.Never ever again. Great food or not, the worst service ever.
4	I go here for the cheese dip. Sure, everything else on the menu is pretty good, but I will schlep across town just for their cheese dip. It's amazing.
5	I love this freakin place.  Maybe because I was raised in the southwest and have been living on the East Coast for the past 2 years, but now that I'm in Vegas for a conference.  I saw this place on Groupon and went for it.  Turned out to be the best decision I've ever made.  The carne asada is majestic.  I had the Super Burrito, stuffed with pollo and carne asada, and to my surprise, it is topped with sauce and guac.  it doesn't get much better than that!
2	Not the authentic food I was hoping for. Standard Mex-American fare.
5	So far, the best Mexican food I have had in Las Vegas.  I go to Casa Don Juan's whenever I get the chance, which is not often as it is located in very seedy downtown.  In an area of less than sightly individuals and bail bonds offices (which should tell you something) this place is a gem.  I have had numerous items on the menu and I keep coming back to the Carnitas, not only because I am a huge pork fan, but they do it right here.  The pork is always very flavorful and fork tender; it comes served with rice, beans, pico de gallo and guacamole.  The tortillas and guacamole are made in house, as well as the salsa and they are all excellent.  I thoroughly enjoy the food at Casa Don Juan and the only thing I would change is the location.
4	I found this place from a bartender at the hotel we were staying at, we asked him where does he go for good Mexican food.  The service was excellent as we had a large party.  Margaritas are large and really good.  I ordered the special and had to split it with my husband it was really great food.  We ordered the special with pork and it came with the taco, burrito, beans and rice and the food was awesome.  It was a large plate of food.We tried to go to dinner on a second trip to Vegas and we couldn't find parking and we circled for at least 10 minutes.  We gave up and I was disappointed.  My husband decided to try again for late lunch the next day and we got it. Yay!!!!Food was as good as the last trip and service fast and friendly.
5	The first time my boyfriend took me here I ordered the steak quesedillas, which I was not very fond of. However, as this is his favorite restaurant, we came back a few weeks later.I ordered the chicken taquitos. They were delicious. The rice and guacamole that came with them were to die for. I also ordered a strawberry daiquiri, served with whip cream. Also very good. The service is quick and friendly. Don Carlos is a great server. SUPER friendly & quick. We now come here a few times a month. This restaurant is amazing.
1	I love Mexican food. I always get a cheese enchilada with rice. While we were in Vegas this past weekend, we all wanted Mexican food and were going to go to Carlos and Charlie's at the Flamingo but thought it probably wouldn't be the best place for authentic Mexican. We were just about to pull out of valet parking at the Flamingo when one of the valet girls offered to give us a few suggestions for alternative Mexican places. She suggested Casa Don Juan or Ciscos (Sisqos? sp?). We went with CDJ.My cheese enchilada had zero flavor, and the rice was basically the same. The enchiladas were ridiculously spicy, but spicy doesn't matter if there is no flavor behind it. My grandma got the chili relleno (which she gets at all Mex restos) and she didn't like the looks of it. It was soaked in grease and so much cheese you couldn't see if there was even a chili in there. She took one bite, waited a few minutes, and then felt sick. Not good. My grandpa got the bacon wrapped shrimp  and said it was alright but had no flavor, either. Chips and salsa were not memorable at all.Staff was friendly, but that didn't make up for the bland/overly greasy food.Cheese enchiladas 2/10Rice 2/10Chips and salsa 3/10
4	Very yummy! The beans are not vegetarian...you can taste the animal fat in them. Not good for everyday but a very yummy treat! Tacos come in homemade tortillas. And they make a good salsa and a good iced tea. I'd totally go again!
4	We came here during a "First Friday" trying to get away from the crowds but this place was also very crowded! We were seated in 5 minutes so it wasn't an issue. It's very festive in decor with Frida Kahlo pictures adorning the walls.I started off by ordering a lemonade.  I thought it was going to be lemonade from a fountain dispenser but it was freshly squeezed! It was a foamy lemon/lime concoction. It was delicious but no free refills so I settled on one. I also saw people drinking out of a pineapple. It looked refreshing but I didn't know what it was. I had the beef flautas which to me is like a rolled taco. It came with rice and beans. I forgot to tell them to hold the beans. It was good but my brother ordered the carne asada torta which tasted better. I told him he can have some of my flautas if he gave me some of his torta. The bread looked home made because the top looked bubbly. It isn't flat like the ones you would get at Robertos. My husband must have loved the Carne asada burrito because he was finished so fast!It is a busy place so don't expect your food to come out right away. It was also noisy because there were lots of groups just having a fun time! It's a nice place to gather with friends and family.
5	So, apparently, since the last time I reviewed this place, they fired the bad cooks, and brought back the good ones. Now, everything is better. The food is ASTOUNDING (I had the cheese tamales and an enchilada, my wife had the chile relleno), the atmosphere has improved (it's definitely more fun, now), and the staff seems happier. In fact, well, just thinking about it makes me want to go back. SO glad they got it back together. I'll be heading back, soon!
4	First time here and I will definitely be back! They make their own homemade tortillas!!!! I had the flour tortillas; delicious! I haven't found another place in Vegas that does this. You also get a side of complimentary bean dip with your chips and salsa which is a nice bonus. The house margarita is delish on the rocks!
5	My girlfriend and I wanted a cheap, family style Mexican dinner off strip, without breaking the bank. Casa Don Juan delivered it!   If you don't get the carnitas platter, you're crazy!  Tender, succulent braised pork with delicious homemade tortillas, pico, roasted jalapenos, and fresh guac.  Every bite was heaven.  If I lived in Vegas, I'd eat this every week.  The margs were great--healthy mix of fresh juice, mix and tequila.  They went down easy and were reasonably priced.  In Vegas that's under 10 bucks!  We went back for breakfast.  And I'd give them 4 stars for it.  Potato burrito was tasty and she had potato tacos with eggs.  Taters a little under done.  Would like it spicier next time.
4	Really loved the food and service! Fajitas were great! Huge portion size!
5	My favorite Mexican joint. Oh so good.
5	Great food here. The guacamole is amazing... It's close to the Premium Outlets North too. Well worth eating here if you're visiting Vegas and want some really good Mexican food.  [This review left by an Aussie guy who loves eating mexican food when I come to the USA!]
5	Closest food to authentic mexican food! Its delicious and the home made tortillas are priceless!
5	OMG OMG OMG. I love this place. We come here every year after our Bike event with a staff of 20-25 and they are always very accommodating. The cheese dip with jalapenos is to die for and the tortilla chips are crispy and warm. I love that they have so many options for combinations, salads, soups, ceviche, etc. Everything I've eaten here is simple and delicious. The skinny margarita is also delicious.
4	great fast food! and nice at
5	The food was absolutely magnificent... Authentic Mexican cuisine.. The guacamole was out of this world.  We went for a party for 2 birthday dinner not knowing what to expect. We got a very nice surprise.   The service was delightful the facility clean. The margaritas were offered in top shelf high quality liquor and made perfectly. The atmosphere was wonderful and very family friendly. the only draw back is that it was a tad noisy   but not enough to down grade a star.  Bravo Casa Don Juan.
4	One of the best Mexican restaurants I've been to in Vegas. I liked the bean dip they served with the chips and salsa. I had a pork tamale and chili relleno. Both were good. My boyfriend had a really good pork torta. The ambiance was great and service, prices were reasonable (inexpensive when it came to the torta) and service was at attentive. The restaurant is located in a funky part of town with cute and quirky vintage shops that are worth strolling past afterwards as your food settles.
4	Yes! Good Mexican food... tameles, enchiladas, tacos and Carne Asada. To start, the salsa was very good... The carne asada was excellent, very well seasoned. The chicken tacos were moist and tasty. The sauce on the enchilada was a bit too strong but good, and I Love homemade tamales. Check this place out!
4	This is one of those hidden gems off of the Las Vegas Strip that should be known by everyone who loves authentic Mexican food. If you travel to Vegas and have a car (wouldn't really recommend a taxi ride, but hey, to each his own), you need to come to Casa Don Juan!Since there isn't a single place on the strip that offers authentic mexican at a decent price, my family and I always head over here at least once during our Vegas stay. Although slightly overpriced (it IS still Vegas), you can get a very decent sized meal for $15-$20. I always judge a mexican restaurants' credibility off of ONE FACTOR - their RICE! Most mexican joints have either rice that's too dry/wet or too bland. The rice at Casa Don Juan had that perfect blend of spices and was just the right consistency. I purposefully saved it until the end so that I could end my meal with a bang!The food itself is pretty good in general. They have all the regulars like combination plates and specialties, but they also have tamales everyday (which is not very common). They're pretty good as well and offer about 5-6 varieties.
4	If you're looking for that delicious, authentic, hole-in-the-wall restaurant then you've found it! Just off the beaten path a bit, where tourists rarely venture, is Casa Don Juan.The restaurant is quaint and comfortable with a lively Mexican atmosphere. Most of the staff members are very friendly and attentive. They will make excellent menu recommendations.You have to get the queso dip! And the guacamole! Both really are amazing and make perfect starters. I've tried a lot on the menu and you honestly can't go wrong with whatever you choose. The food has a ton of flavor and is always prepared perfectly!This is the kind of place you can go for dinner and drinks with a few friends and have a good time! You will have a delicious meal and leave satisfied.
5	We absolutely LOVED this place (even with our Groupon deal)!  -Great Food -Great Service Only con: Parking - some street parking available Price a little on the higher end, but totally worth it!  I don't usually rate places with Groupon deals this high, so it says a lot for a place...This is our Favorite Mexican restaurant so far in Las Vegas...hands down!
3	Good food...lot's of choices. A bit pricey.
4	Love CDJ.  Old school Vegas in Mexican restaurant form.Pretty diverse menu, good service, and good food.I stop in whenever I get a chance.
5	The service is the best that I have seen and OMG the food was wonderful and not that expensive.  This is a must to go and enjoy.
5	Top notch Mexican food in Las Vegas. It's well worth your time to go downtown and look this place up. Great food at a great price. The guacamole is a must!! The service is great too!! My opinion it's the best of Las Vegas.
4	sis-in laws, hubby and friends meet here it was fun and I did like my mole but hubby didn't like his dish, the other they were ok with what they order so I don't have nothing bad to say about this place
4	When Downtown, my business partner and I will come here for lunch.Growing up in the south, I have eaten a lot of Mexican food, This place will satisfy your craving. When you sit down , you get chips, salsa & beans.Chips - great, Salsa - I've had better Beans - they need to be seasoned.  Big fan of their Caldo soup, however I wish they would trim the meat off the bones and just keep the bones in while cooking and not serving them to you. Great sides of onions, cilantro & limes to add in to your bowl of beef, vegetables & broth. Service is excellent! Atmosphere is good too!
5	Great Authentic Food!!!
4	I've been to Casa a few times.  It's solid Mexican food with a good ambiance.  On the Friday night I went they had a live singer performing so that was a nice touch.  It was packed but we were seated quickly and served within five minutes of placing our order. Their menu is incredibly extensive with the typical combo plates you find at most Mexican places.  My first time having a Torta.  Mexican sandwich as described by the waiter.  No idea I had been missing out.  It was good and I didn't leave filling stuff like I usually do after a heavy Mexican meal.
4	I love hole in the wall places and this is definitely one of them.  The staff is nice, the place is unique (I love dia de los muertos skulls a lot!) , and the food is great. Not fancy, not over the top, but delicious none the less. I also love how FAST they are. I order, I blink, and then my food is there! It is great when I want decent Mexican food on the go and close to that side of town.  If I had to leave my car for a couple hours at the shop I go to up the street, I can just walk down to Mr. Don Juan's place, throw back some beers ( or margaritas), have a bite to eat, and then walk back up to my car satisfied! The atmosphere, the music (sometimes), and everything really about this place is welcoming and comfortable. If you are downtown check it out!
2	"Yelp fail!!" - Everyone at my tableUnfortunately, my family's experience at Casa Don Juan was not the greatest.  While the free chips, salsa and bean dip were great (it's kind hard to screw that up), the food we paid for was not very good.I ordered an a la carte Al Pastor Taco and the Pork and Red Sauce Tamale.  The taco was, truly, the worst taco I've ever had. EVER.  My mother, who also ordered the same taco, spat it out and pushed the plate away.  The flavor and texture of the meat was all off.  Rubbery would be a good adjective -- Tacos El Gordo, this is not.  My tamale was dry, dry, dry and the advertised "red sauce" was barely noticeable.  There was really no flavor to the pork and, overall, was a really bland dish.  Definitely would not order this again. I'm probably going to give the Casa a second chance.  I enjoyed the ambiance and the service was friendly. Maybe I just ordered the wrong things.
5	Love this place! It is a must visit everytime we go to Vegas. The food is huge portions,, authentic and not overpriced.I get the ceviche and my husband always gets the smothered burrito. The margaritas are awesome and great price! Service is super fast and very nice.Try the cheese dip and the guacamole!Making me hungry writing the review!
4	We really liked this place, the hand made corn tortillas made the meal, I didn't like the salsa they brought with the chips but when I asked for something hotter they gave us the good stuff. The second time we went they didn't have the fresh tortillas because they only make them at certain times of day. Next time I will keep that in mind.
4	We were staying at the Stratosphere a couple years ago and we wanted some Mexican food. But we wanted a nicer then your average hole in the wall and by chance as we exited the freeway on the way to our hotel we came across CASA DON JUAN!!!Pricey but the food is delicious!!Now everytime were in Vegas we dine here and have yet to be disappointed...I've only given 4 stars because we haven't tried everything on the menu, yet lol
4	Always busy, family atmosphere, great food. Complimentary chips, salsa, and beans to start. Guacamole is a must buy. On weekends have a dessert table set up for cash purchases. Fast service, attentive waiters, and good is delicious! Neighborhood is a little rough, so be safe while parking and going in.
2	Touted as the best Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas by my date. We were around here for First Friday and all the other restaurants had an hour to an hour and a half wait. Mexican is never my first choice when it comes to dining options. For starters, we got the cheese dip to go with their salsa and bean dip. This is the highlight of the whole meal. I would have been happy to order a few bowls of this and a side of guacamole as my entree. Instead, I got sampler plate. It consisted of a tamale, enchilada, and a taco. I did the pork in red sauce, chicken enchilada, and beef taco. The meat was dry on all three. At this point, I was full anyways.The margaritas are good. A little more on the sweet side than I would like, but a squeeze of the lime wheel helps. They come in two sizes, regular and the large. You might as well do the fish bowl, because life is better with more alcohol.
5	Best food ever. So yummy. And as good as the food is the service is even better.
5	Hands down this is my favorite place to get Carnitas!!! They are AMAZING!!! I absolutely love their Cadillac Margaritas!!! YUMMY!!! When I have friends/family visit me from out of town, I always take them here.  Everyone loves it!!! I'm definitely a loyal patron!!!
4	Great food great service enjoyed it all.
4	I was feeling like eating Mexican food on the way back from my long trail run at Lake Las Vegas to Summerlin, and since I was going to pass all those Mexican neighborhods, I called my Mexican friend to recommend me a good Mexican place in that part of town.As usual, she replies "none", you have to make them from home, but she did mention a few places and since Don Juan was pretty closed off of 515 that I was on, I decided to come here.  It was reassuring when half of the parking lot was filled with Nissans.  Mexican folks seem to love Nissans.  The interior was strangely filled with Frida Kahlo stuff.  I was somewhat uncomfortable being surrounded by unibrow paintings but I got used to it.  Chips with salsa/bean dip, tostadas with ceviche, carne asada burrito plate.  The burrito was FULL of carne asada, unlike stuff you get at typical chain places where you find a few pieces of meat among a LOT of rice and beans.  It was the opposite and VERY filling.  Ceviche was good, but I'm more used to central American type of ceviche where there are big chunks of fish, but all of the fish ceviches I've had at Mexican places seem to have small, flaky sort of fish, but it was good in a different way.  Depsite my running 8+ miles and having an enormous appetite, I did not have space left for tamales that were ordered so I had to take them home.  All in all, I liked the food and I would definitely go back there.
2	I usually come here with a group of people and the service tends to be good.I was in the area and decided to stop by with my wife and get a shrimp cocktail. As soon as we parked and where headed inside we noticed 3 separate bums one laid out in the parking lot one at the corner stop sign and one walking inside the establishment. I don't have anything against homeless people but these people are beyond homeless you can tell the druggies and simply strung out and  just loitering around the business. Not really a good feeling when leaving and parking your car in the "additional parking" which is located in the back of the restaurant.As soon as we walked in we where greeted by a very Hispanic women wearing a.. what a call MARIA DRESS!!! The restaurant itself screams MEXICAN and so does the exceptional food they put out as we walked in to the right we noticed a lovely older lady which could have been one of my grandmothers making fresh tortillas and fresh tortilla chips the smell was awesome. The only down fall is that I noticed that the staff seemed more preoccupied talking amongst themselves then taking care of customers it felt as if we had to let them finish talking to each other before they would notice or talk to us. I knew what I wanted to I tried to quickly place my order but was told that I needed to wait for the waiter. The waiter arrived to take the order and my wife had a regular water I ordered a fresh mango water and the shrimp cocktail. The order was made very fast id say it took about a whole 3-4 minutes for the shrimp cocktail to come out as a matter a fact the shrimp cocktail came out before the water which baffled me. I even told the waiter the cocktail came out before the drink?? he quickly replied and said why yes because the mango water has to be freshly made.....so the shrimp cocktail I guess was waiting for me..... The waiter then left and proceeded to a different table. This made me a little upset so I waived him down and asked him kindly to please bring the regular water that is not taken out of the well so that we may have something to at least drink on. The waiter then came back with both the waters.The shrimp cocktail here is amazing the shrimp are a medium sized shrimp and there are plenty of them WELL THERE BETTER BE AT 15.99 a cocktail. I think that the price is a little high but it is worth it. I have not found another shrimp cocktail to be this tasteful and this rich in flavor and this is the only reason I come here. The service was so subpar I refused to leave a tip. When I was paying it seemed like I was bothering the cashier to come check me out after I had already been waiting for 10 minutes at the table for them to come back with my credit card and check. The customer service here is not so great but the food well at least the shrimp cocktail is AWESOME!!!
3	After a day of hiking, Mexican cuisine seemed right on time.  This establishment had some overall decent reviews. My take on this restaurant: Don't order a pitcher of margaritas unless you prefer your drinks watered down  :-(   Complimentary tortilla chips were mediocre, although Salsa/guacamole and bean dip were pretty good.  Streak/shrimp and tamale/taco/enchilada combo pretty good - would give that a 3-4 star rating..
2	Quality has gone down. I've been coming here since 2011 and unfortunately it's all about profit now.My favorite no.37 Chimichanga has shrunk in size. Our party of four had three and all were alot smaller than it used to.Limes served with drinks were precut and extremely dry. Our party saw five dry lime slices. Not good.I would say Roberto's is better and cheaper :( owners: please fix the quality.
2	The food was excellent although the chip basket they brought out for the salsa and bean dip was full of nothing but broken pieces of chips. The service on the other hand is HORRIBLE! We only saw out waiter twice, once to take our order and the other time was to drop off our food. We had to have a bus boy hunt him down just so we could pay the bill and get back to work.
5	my family has been going to this restaurant for over 10 years and have enjoyed the success that the place has experienced. Yes, its busier and more americanized but the quality of the food is still great
5	Working downtown, Casa Don Juan is sorta a staple in the lunch rotation. On 4-20-13, I was attending The Smith Center matinee, and decided to stop at Casa Don Juan for lunch before the show.I was surprised to see how busy it was, but that never seems to effect the great service. The Gentleman who greets you at the door  (with the mustache) must have ESP. He is always ONE step ahead of whatever is going on.  He knows exactly what is going on, even before you know what you want. He walked us to our table, and shortly after that someone came over for our drink order.  Our food came out quickly, and exactly as we ordered.  Food always tastes great, and fast service.  I think I will be dining at Casa Don Juan, more often!
5	Authentic Mexican food...I had a lengua taco with Chile Relleno... so yummy!
5	Got the Groupon- awesome food, not too salty.  Service, OUTSTANDING- every server had a great expression on their face- good vibe = good food- exceptional, we will be back!
4	THIS PLACE IS AMAZING! The service was impeccable and the food was amazing! We ordered and got our food within 15 minutes! Great atmosphere. Located in Downtown Las Vegas - I highly recommend this restaurant! Clean, inexpensive and great quality food! They even had live music//band playing! Margaritas were also to die for! I had the cheese enchiladas and my boyfriend had the chicken tacos! His exact words "These are the best tacos I have ever had!"
2	Average food with sub-par service. Ordered Italian dressing on my salad, got blue cheese. Ok. Ordered chicken, got shredded beef. Whatever.  Ordered the guacamole, it was simple and fresh, but all in all, nothing to bring me back.
2	Blah .... that is the main flavor of the food we all experienced and we all had different dishes.  The salsa was the only thing on the table with any true flavor noted. We honestly have not been here before but my son was excited to try it as the place seems to be busy on First Fridays. As noted in other reviews, the service is ok - but they seemed eager for us to finish and leave - which wasn't relaxing. Well, now we know and we honestly will not be back - too many other places with great food.
4	We found Casa Don Juan by accident looking for hangover food/drinks off of the Vegas strip.  We got very lucky landing here!  The chips/salsa/beans that come to the table free are so good, so was the bloody Mary and the pineapple pina colada.  It has great outdoor seating which we sat at to enjoy the sun, inside the restaurant was pretty cold at the time.  My sister had the chicken fajitas and the portion size was huge, and she loved them.  I had a platter with pork tamales YUM! a beef taco that was ok and a fried pablano pepper stuffed with cheese also very good.  We ate everything and it did help cure the hangover.  Definitely tasted like authentic Mexican you can only get on the West coast.
5	1.  Food-I ate the BEST carnitas I've ever ate in my life today!  The pork was literally soft like butter and was very savory.  The beans were the best I've ever eaten; they tasted as if they poured all their drippings into the beans before service.  They give you just enough to get flavor but not so much that make you instantly fart!  The Horchata-coconut nectar was fresh and tasted like drinking a clean beach!2.  Ambiance-Positive, uplifting, alive!  Beautiful vibrant colors decorate the inside with antique photos of Frieda K., Zapatec, etc.  Temperature controlled to the max! 3. Service-The service was the best we've experienced here in Las Vegas thus far.  Raul constantly refilled drinks and chips, gave great food recommendations, and was there whenever we needed him.4. Price-Totally worth everything!  ~$10 a meal, not bad at all!  I got a ton of Carnitas for $10!
5	My wife and I found Casa Don Juan's on accident just by driving by. We had the window down and once the smell hit our nose we new we had found our place! The food is great, the atmosphere is great, and the staff is beyond friendly! What more could you ask for?!
4	When my wife friends come visiting from minneapolis, they decided they wanted to try auththentic mexican cuisine or their last day. So I bring them here having never been here myself. Definetely exceeded my expectation. Great shrimp with garlic combo and I try their carne asada which were marinated perfectly. All and all a perfect combination of mexican food without getting their item burned or undercook meat or overcook meat. I really enjoyed my meal here. Definetely a fan.
5	i have  been here twice now only to sit at the bar.  the chips and salsa are great!!!  it takes a while for the bartender to warm up to you... but we had a great time in the end.  we went with the bartenders recommendation for the carnitas tacos.  freakin amazing! you must go.
1	we went there on a sunday night . wow shrimp way over priced!!! who ever heard of butterfly shrimp wrapped in bacon!!!  oh my god!!! should have said it on the menu!!!glad we had a groupon !!!save your money and try somewhere  other than this dive!!!
1	DO NOT BUY THEIR STUPID GROUPON and actually probably don't even bother coming here. No i'm not just another cheap @ss w/ a groupon b*tching about having issues using the discount. They either really don't update their own website, or have ridiculously inflated their prices while this groupon is on - i'm not sure which. It was a great deal $10 lunch for 2 and of course there was a $ restriction on the food ($10-11/person), and you pay whatever is over, which is fine. Except that it doesn't mention you can't just order an $8 burrito, you can only order from their comidas y cenas pages (plates w/ beans and rice). Website says $13 for a chimichanga/current menu is $16, website says $10 for chilaquiles/current menu is $20. This isn't effen Border Grill wtf! I liked the atmosphere, the food was ok, not much better than Roberto's though. Fast friendly service, but i don't appreciate this bait and switch sh*t. I'd be curious to see if their prices go down once the groupon expires, but irrelevant because i'm never going back to find out.
4	Good food, lots of options, fast friendly service.  I've been there with large parties and for date night and have good experiences with various size parties.  I've also used groupons there successfully.  The whole fish is excellent!
1	This place used to be amazing! Quick service and very prompt with your drink/food order! One night (about a month ago) I took family here to enjoy a birthday. After I paid and made it to my car the hostess ran out like I never paid at all. They ended up charging me for the wrong bill.... So in addition to paying the bill they charged me they recharged me for the right bill.....It is now almost 25 days later and they charged me the amount they were supposed to charge me 25 days earlier.There's one thing that you need to look out for with "quick orders" and that's making sure everything's cooked... Not cool when you get sick an hour after.....we will be taking a casa Don Juan brake.
5	What a great restaurant that serves fresh, full of flavor, authentic food! Guacamole and tortillas are made right there. The service was friendly. Highly recommend! The restaurant is off the main strip but well worth of going there
5	There are just not enough stars...purchased on Groupon...no problems to use but did have to pay $2 bucks extra for the Cadillac Margarita. The food DELICIOUS! Everything is homemade even the tortillas both corn and flour. Great customer service. Noticed they have way too many employees but that is what set them apart, they all seemed happy and willing to help each other. We went back for breakfast and again were pleased. If you go to Vegas you have to stop by and eat, I know we will. We even got a free photo.
4	Okay let me preface this with I think this is a great Mexican American type fare for Las Vegas, if we were in San Diego where I prefer Mexican food I would probably rank this 3 stars.  All in all if yelp allowed half stars i would rank this 3 1/2, however based on the service I will say 4. However,  decent Mexican food, authentic or gringo, is hard for me to find in Las Vegas. I like that this place gives bean dip with their chips and their entrees (ranging typically from $12-16) are pretty good with decent portion size. They have a touristy decor. Also, they generally offer 3 lunch specials around $9. They draw a big downtown lunch crowd but service is quick at lunch. Parking can be hard, they have a lot out back but it is sometimes full then I am left to find parking down the street and hike in.
4	We came here on a Thursday afternoon and ordered 1. Super burrito - 142. Enchilladas - 11For $5 (Used the $10 Groupon for $20) - Horrible parking! Luckily, after a 2nd round, someone pulled out so we swept in. It looks like that other customers parked on street. - Busy. We came during lunch hour and had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated. - Groupon lunch special was only valid for lunch entrees. Cheapest Lunch entree was 11, so the value of actual $20 is diminished. - Love the Chips and Dip! Dip comes with both salsa and beans! This is the first Mexican restaurant where they gave beans for free! - Large portions. - Fast and friendly service. Everything went smoothly. - Super burrito and Enchillada were satisfying. Lots of beef. - Comparable to Legit SoCal Mexican fast-food (Pepe, Molca salsa, etc...) but you get the whole dining in experience.
2	Bought a groupon and thought I would give this a shot.  The beans and rice were fine but the meat seemed to be of a low quality.  I will not go back and wouldn't recommend.
4	We went on a groupon and were also surprised how this groupon worked.. see all previous comments below.(it sucked)   Anyway we loved the salsa, bean dip and ordered a side of guacamole.. omg it was so tasty.  Food ordered was a Chimmi and Burrito.  Service was very good.  We certainly will try Casa Don Juan again.. although we have been by this place so many times before.
1	total tourist spot. We were even offered a photo taken at our table?? Weird. The food was crap, and way overpriced which is pretty normal for a place that doesn't expect locals to return.pretty good margarita and that's about it and our server was on pointtotal disappointment price wise and food wiseI don't mind paying for something delicious but 6.99 for a cheese quesadilla for a child? I'll pass.
2	Casa don Juan and I have had an up and down relationship in the past. The first time I came here I loved it, second time I was disappointed. It's been about two years (honest to goodness, really TWO YEARS?! time flies.) that I've been back.After checking out the new bar down the street (which I will review later) my friend and I were having drunk hunger pains. I was in the mood for Mexican and was contemplating El Gordo, but since Casa don Juan was in perfect walking distance we decided to dine-in here once again.Let's begin with pricing - I think theirs stinks big time. Look, most Mexican places in Vegas are traditionally not hard on your wallet. You can usually get a combo plate in the 10 buck range (including taxes) as long as you aren't ordering carne asada or shrimp. But not at CJ's. Dinner menu boasts prices of $11.99+ and even appetizers prices are flagrantly high, especially considering the location of this place. Look, I'm not a cheapskate, nor do I think businesses should not make money, but the bottom line is I can go to numerous other Mexican restaurants and have just as good food for about 5 dollars less.Food - Chips were brought out cold. Bean dip was decent and warm. Salsa at least has a spice-kick to it, so it's not totally bland.Ordered - The "Casa don Juan" style wet burrito with chicken. The burrito is a decent size, comes with guac on top and the "wet" sauce. As for inside, you get beans, lettuce, meat, pico de gallo, rice, and lettuce. To me, the lettuce was gross, wet and mushy. The beans were eh same goes for the rice. The chicken was not seasoned very well - just plain 'ol shredded chicken. Overall the burrito was filling for my drunk tummy and that's all she wrote.So. The deal is I would really love to at least LIKE Casa don Juan, but they just ain't cutting it. They need to make the food better and keep the prices, or they need to lower their menu prices and keep the same mediocre food. As with many places downtown I think Casa don Juan is going through growing pains and adapting to the new popularity that a decent downtown experience has to offer. I hope they find a happy medium, and I may try them again in the future. We shall see.
1	What happened to this place?!  This has been one of our favorite restaurants for quite a while but due to our last visit it has been removed from our list of eateries.  We popped in on a Saturday evening around 5pm.  We were seated right away and asked for 2 waters.  Our waitress took our order, 2 vegetarian burritos, one without cheese.  They arrived 2 minutes later.  That seals their fate for me.  That is a blinking sign that it is a conveyor belt restaurant.  No accommodation for quality, just slap the pre-cooked ingredients together and get the food out so the customer can scarf it down so we can clear the table and seat it again.  Don't worry about offering a nice atmosphere or enjoyable meal.  We asked the waitress for some salsa or red sauce to put on top of our burritos and she replied by glaring at us and saying what do you want - the salsa or red sauce.  For some reason it took way longer to get the red sauce then the actual entrees but when it did arrive it was accompanied by the bill.  Again, scarf the food, clear the table.I had to request a refill on my water, sorry for putting her out with that request.  The bill reflected a $4 charge for the red sauce, nice!   I try to recognize the good even when it is overshadowed by the disappointing so I will say that the restrooms were clean.
3	Decent food. Loved the location.
1	Horrible place. We purchased a groupn to use and they would not accept it. Their food was average at best and their service was below average. They would not even apologize about the groupon. Their are much better places to eat closer to the strip.
3	While the food was good, they seemed very annoyed that we had Groupons.  The server came over and we let her know and she immediately sighed and looked like we just ruined her night.  She said we'd have to speak with her manager about it so she went and got him.  He was pleasant about it and reiterated the exact rules of the Groupon so we would be aware.The rest of the night the server seemed bothered by us which started to becoming annoying.  But the food was good, so we'll be heading back, hopefully with a Groupon to see if the server is still as annoyed! haha
1	I took my son here for dinner yesterday before going to a show, I had a groupon and looked forward to trying this place out. I showed the waiter the groupon and he gave item #'s to choose from, my son ordered Chilaquiles & steak con huevo con arroz y frijoles. When food arrived there was no steak in the chilaquiles? Puzzled we asked and the waiter said, it would cost more so he did not place that order. Hmmm I've never been to a place where they make the decision of not placing my full order because of cost. Will not go back, there are so many delicious MX restaurants in town that serve you what You Order! Geeeesh I was stunned and that put a damper on dinner. The show we went to was awesome though LOL
5	We have been here a few times now and every time we go we enjoy it. The menu is huge (almost too many choices). We've had the shrimp fajitas, chicken quesadilla, burrito, and chimichanga....all were delicious. Their margaritas are also very good. The atmosphere is fun, and the service is always good.
5	Best damn Mexican food in Las Vegas , been to many others all over Vegas . But Don Juan beats them all by a mile . The people are nice the food is great and lots of parking ! . Prices are not bad ,maybe they can give you a bit more food but its good . I love it
5	This review has been a long time coming. Casa Don Juan has been a must visit for me the past couple trips to Vegas thanks to a recommendation from a local friend. Why you might ask would I visit a Mexican restaurant with all the buffet choices available? Simple, as my Hispanic friends will say "I'm an undercover Mexican!" I love Mexican food from birria, menudo, tacos de lengua con todo por favor, bring it on with extra tapatio! Honestly though my real reason for coming here is their camarones a la diabla! I've had my share of camarones a la diabla and I have to say they are one of the best. The spices and seasoning is perfect if you like food extra spicy the way I do. Plus you won't find any packaged mission tortillas here. They are freshly hand made and their guacamole is amazing! As another yelper stated they do take a souvenir photo while you're there which might seem tourisy but my friends and I did not mind. The waiters were friendly and attentive each time I was there so no complaints from me for customer service. In fact they brought me a cup of water even when I didn't ask for it and kept coming by to see if I needed more water thinking the camarones would be too spicy for me. Tsk, Tsk, little do they know this Asian chica loves the heat! My only gripe would probably be the fact that they do not serve jaimaca. I ask for it each time I'm there in hopes that they will finally say yes but not yet. For now their horchata and jugo de pina will do. In any event, if you're looking for a great Mexican food joint slightly off the hustle and bustle of the strip, give Casa Don Juan a try.
4	Food is great I bought a Groupon for 20 bucks =40 bucks it was good they have a guy come to your table and take a picture says its free and you know Yeah right you just decline it when he comes back and you still get a small picture w/ their information etc all on it. But overall this place had great margaritas and food Great Fast service I would definately return If you get the groupon plan on paying at least an additional 10 bucks not including tip for 2 people!!
4	Had a large group and they accommodated us very well ... Great service and food !!! Horchata is a must try !!!
2	My husband and I went here on a very glowing recommendation from my boss.  First, parking is tough but we did find a spot.  We walked in, it was loud and we were not greeted.  Finally, someone says "two" and I nod, not knowing who I am speaking with and she proceeds to come around a corner to seat us.  She put us at the smallest table I have ever seen.  It was so squished between two tables that we were unable to sit down.  The hostess dropped the menus and walked away.  We moved the table, physically so each of us could sit down one at a time.  We sat, we sat some more, and finally a bus boy brought us waters, chips and salsa.  We continued to wait until I had to flag down a waiter.  My boss said he orders a top shelf margarita, pork tamale and beef enchilada, so my husband and I ordered that exact same thing.  The chips were stale tasting the salsa seemed out of a can, the beans were very runny.  After finishing off the basket of chips because we were so starved our food finally arrived, the margarita was warm, the red sauce on the enchilada has no flavor like it came right out of a can.  The tamale didn't have the meat inside the masa, it was set on top.  We ate maybe half and then waited forever to refills on our water and the check.  We have been told by others to give it a second chance but I don't see this happening.
4	The service was excellent. They are very nice and attentive. I love the atmosphere! It did not take long at all to receive our food. I will be honest, I have had better mexican food in my days, but no real complaints. I would go back for a casual lunch or fun dinner date.
2	We come here about once a month, but this time, it took the tortilla maker FOREVER, and then overcooked.  The worse part the chef was leaning out of the kitchen dropping the f bombs while we ate.  Maybe we came on a bad day?
2	Went in for lunch today. I had waited a while (years) to try this place because there are a handful of awesome Mexican restaurants in Vegas that I frequent regularly. After a numbers of years of thinking about trying this place, I wish I was still just thinking about it. There are much better Mexican eateries in Vegas!!  My experience today included a super long wait from the time I was seated until the waiter (really sweaty guy) took my order. We're talking 20 solid minutes before I ordered. One redeeming thing at this point, the chips and salsa - the salsa flavor was good and unfortunately the highlight of the meal.Ok, food comes. Very greasy beef taco, very, very greasy. That's just gross. Pork tamale - not bad but could have used more meat in the middle. Cheese enchilada was okay. There was something, like a noodle, in my beans. I noticed it about half way through. I don't know about you, but it's hard to keep eating after you find something weird in your food. Rice was just average. Sweaty waiter pretty much ignored me until the very end of my meal. I asked for a refresh on my completely empty water glass - it took a while but another man did eventully bring me a fresh water. Then the bill comes and I'm now in a rush to return to work, so I didn't look at the itemized check. I think I was over charged by at least a buck or two. Being in a rush I just blew it off. First and last time I go here. Period!Conclusion, go to a better Mex spot! There are excellent places around town. Sadly, this is not one of them.
4	Came here because the hubby has been wanting to try this place for the longest. I'm so sorry I waited so long!! This is authentic  Mexican food at its best! From the restaurant decor to the hand made tortilla station! My husband ordered the steak fajitas and I ordered a side salad and a shrimp ceviche tostada . The steak was well cooked and flavorful and they give u alot of steak! My tostada was delish!! The chips and salsa come with a bowl of refried beans that are just like my abuelita(grandma) use to make. Service was on point too! Our waiter Arturo was fast and attentive and super friendly! It's hard to find friendly waiters nowadays! I wish I receives this kind of service at every restaurant I went to:)Now why did I give this place 4 stars and not 5 u ask??? My husbands fajitas only came with two flour tortillas!! Who can eat a large plate of delish steak fajitas with 2 tortillas!?? We asked our server for another tortilla and he politely said he would have to charge us for a order of tortillas! Come on owner of Casa  Don Juan!!! Stop being stingy on the flour tortillas! That being said , I would definitely come back to this place!
3	Walking in you feel the upbeat and friendly atmosphere in the very festively decorated restaurant. Had a groupon which they happily accepted and told us about the history of the family-owned restaurant since it was out first time there. We started with guac and the complimentary salsa and beans, which I thought were a little bland. We each got a sampler plate and here is where I think they nailed it. I had a steak taco on a homemade corn tortilla and it was downright delicious. The tamale was also homemade and not your store bought style tamale. The corn wrapping was thick and granular (the way I like it) and the filling an awesome shredded spice pork. Definitely going to go again an try some more items. Will keep you posted!
4	Casa Don Juan has been my 'go to place' for good Mexican food.  I thought it was about time to give them a bit of credit and do a review.  Nothing fancy, just good fresh food.  I have a large extended family (over 15 of us) here in Vegas and Casa is a great place for us to get together.  We always have great service, and food. Some of my favorite picks are:  chicken taco plate with crispy corn tortillas, chicken soup great,  breakfast fried eggs with rice and beans just right, and the fish dinners yummy...Like I said, just good ole food at a reasonable price. I happened to stop by last night (FIRST FRIDAY) and enjoyed the outdoor sidewalk seating.  A special for FF, is an outdoor Margarita stand. YUMMM.!!!If you haven't tried this place, grab a GROUPON and enjoy.
4	We have eaten here several times, so I can't believe that I haven't reviewed them before!  We recently took advantage of the Groupon for Casa Don Juan and had dinner and 2 large frozen Margaritas.  The chips come with beans and salsa which are both very good.  I had a combo plate with a Crispy Beef Taco, Chili Relleno and Pork Tamal.  Hubby had the #31 which is the same as what I had but instead of the Tamal, it comes with a beef enchilada.  The beef they use is really tasty and the Relleno's are the best in Vegas.  The food is always very hot, fresh and delicious...our favorite Mexican food option.
1	Love the atmosphere, service good,  food is bland.
3	Business diners flock here. On any given lunch hour, you can find district attorneys, police investigators and lawyers dining in the crowded lunch room.There are a lot of menu choices and the chips and salsa are tasty.  Service is quick.  I found the lunch a bit disappointing as the tortillas were not fresh tasting and the food lacked authentic flavors.  The shrimp was too chewy and the chicken stringy.The sauces were excellent though and the enchiladas were delicious.
5	We go here a lot! It's a wonderful place to bring families, enjoy yummy food and hang out. The service is friendly and the margaritas are big & delicious! We highly recommend the homemade guacamole :) It can be pricey but worth it!
3	The food is good at Casa Don Juan and we've been coming here for years but they have been incrementally raising prices, sky high for Mexican food in our opinion.  When we went on 8/3/13 the new menu had their meat quesadilla for $14.99.  That's crazy.  All of their other prices are very hight too.  Again, the food is good, but the value is terrible.
5	We went there on a Groupon  deal. The place was so busy! The hostess was very pleasant.The server was very nice. He must have thought I could speak Spanish because he only spoke Spanish to us. I did spoke my best Spanglish, I guess it worked. lolThe food is really great. The nachos they bring out were addicting. The salsa was so fresh and delicious. I had the Carnitas. Friggin amazing. The guacamole was so fresh too. GF had the fish tacos, she was pleased with them too. We had a great experience.
1	Who's cooking here??  This food tastes like it came from a buffet, or a Robertos. The food lacks flavor, even the rice and beans!  I tried this place out on my birthday thinking I was getting authentic Mexican food and I was greatly disappointed after we got home with our to-go order. We ordered the pork chile verde--bland, beef in red sauce--also bland, the shrimp tacos--dry and bland, and a carnitas chimichanga which was incredibly salty and oily. Yuck.Yelp reviewers have let me down on this one.  Plus the food is WAY over-priced. These 4 dishes cost $63!?!  They either over charged us or their prices are ridiculous for the lousy food they serve.
3	Our waiter was super rude. He asked us what we wanted to order as soon as we sat down. Since he was so rude I had to drive him crazy by being super nice. If not for the groupon we purchased we would've never came here. Free chips with salsa and bean dip. I ordered the shrimp and steak fajitas. Hubby had the shrimp tacos. It was a huge platter of food. Lots of peppers and tomatoes along with my steak and shrimp. We were only given 2 tortillas so I asked for more. Didn't know they were going to charge for more tortillas. Hubby's meal was super small so luckily mine was big so I could share with him. Both of our meals came with rice and refried beans. I do not eat beans and they were mixed on the plate with my rice. Our total came out to $12 which included the groupon discount. So once was enough for this place. Too many other restaurants with better service.
5	Every time i come here service is great and the food is good! I love the atmosphere! Everything about this place is exceptional! I frequent quite often!! Def worth my drive!
2	Worst Mexican food ever. The coffee was disgusting, it tasted like water. I have to admit that the guacamole was good though.  But other then that, I do not recommend this place at all. The price you pay is not worth the food they serve you. I'd rather pay $5 more to eat at a buffet!
4	Stopped in just about 20 min before they closed coming from one of the bars close by, they sat us, then didn't rush us at all, and mmm mmm mmm Erik the server was the perfect eye candy ending to an already awesome night! We ordered drinks and food from they late night specials menu, food was good, not amazing but good, it was also closing time so who knows... And around $6-$8 a plate. The beverages were really fun, one came in a bowl and it had like 5 types of alcohol in it and it was delish! The service was great, drinks were kept full and table cleared off frequently of empty glasses. Friendly staff and comfy booths. I'd go back for sure! They have a bar in there also that has some tv screens and the restaurant section is a pretty good size. Cool decor and fun vibe. Decent food. I will have to go back and eat when they are not closing. But I had the Pollo Mole and it was very good.
4	This is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in town and it doesn't hurt that it's located downtown near where I work. The service here is always wonderful and you are greeted as soon as you enter. And in my experience, unless you come during First Fridays, you are typically seated immediately. Once seated, drink orders are taken pretty quickly and then fresh chips and salsa are brought to your table. Sometimes they automatically bring you guacamole too, which is an extra $5.99 charge, so if you don't want it you may have to tell them upfront.The food is priced reasonably, although it can be considered expensive for Mexican food, depending on what you order. Regardless, the food comes out quickly and the portions are fairly large. I usually get the same few entrees: huevos rancheros if it's breakfast time, or enchiladas or fajitas if it's lunch/dinner time. The food is delicious, comes out hot, and I haven't had anything I didn't like. I've had margaritas on a few occassions and they are pretty large, whether frozen or on the rocks, although not very strong (surprise, surprise). If you like it strong, you may have to ask them for a few extra shots...Sometimes when I'm here the owners and managers walk around the restaurant to check on each table, which I find nice. Not many casual restaurants focus on customer service anymore and it's always about speed now. The waitresses here are patient but speedy with drinks/orders at the same time. The only thing negative about this place is that parking can be kind of tough if you come when it's busy. They only have a couple dozen spots in the back, as well as some meter parking out front.Overall, I enjoy this place whenever I stop by and am always recommending it to friends and family.
3	very nice flavors and fast, friendly service.  the only thing that keeps me from not enjoying lunch at casa don juan more often is the lack of a decently priced lunch menu.
2	Never heard of this place, but a friend loved it and wanted to go there. There were several of us and we were seated quickly for a busy Saturday night. The restaurant is really large and I had a really good margarita. We had chips and salsa and bean dip. The salsa was thin and spicy. The bean dip was ok.  I originally had beef tacos, beans (only refried) and rice.The beans and rice were ok. That's something that is hard to mess up. The beef tacos were made from shredded beef. I don't care for shredded beef tacos, but that wasn't my complaint. The tortillas for the tacos were so greasy that I couldn't eat them. YUCK!  I ordered an enchilada since I couldn't eat the tacos. There was nothing special about the enchilada. It was big. I'll say that. The service was very good. Servers were friendly and attentive. The restaurant is large and can accommodate groups. The problem that I have with large Mexican restaurants that accommodate groups is that the food is usually lacking in quality. I personally feel that this is the case here. I won't go back.
2	My yelp buddy Rachel S. and I came to check out the house that Don Juan built a few days ago.We came in for dinner around 7 and were seated promptly. They have a small parking lot in the back which is awesome as finding parking in the area can be a problem in itself. Like most Mexcian spots, Don Juan gets props for complimentary chips and salsa but they made it even better with a side of bean dip yum!Located right on Main Street near Charleston, Don Juan is located near the Downtown Arts District and gets packed during First Friday, They restaurant itself tries to capture that old-town Mexican feel with it's brightly colored walls, titled floors and hanging florals. The night we came in there was a mariachi band in the next room playing for diners - a nice touch. The menu is huge, easy to get lost in, and has pretty much every incarnation of Mexican food you could want. There specialty seems to be tamales but they have a pretty wide range of seafood offerings as well. I thought it was a little over priced, two chicken tacos with rice and beans were like $13. My  smothered carne asada burritto was ok, it looked like a giant enchiliada but was surprisingly lacking in flavor. The carne asada was very dry and the fillings could have used a bit more spice. The re-fried beans were mediocre but the Spanish style rice was pretty good. I just didn't feel like it was worth the $15 I spent, there are alot of great culinary finds in the downtown area and I feels like Casa Don Juan could do more.
5	Awesome restaurant hand made tortillas... Great food and awesome friendly staff... They were quick and attentive ...
4	I tried their Lengua Chili Verde and it was pretty fantastic. :)Casa Don Juan was packed tonight (just as packed as it is on First Friday) but the service was fast and attentive.  My waiter was really "on top of things" as he was juggling a few tables and helping celebrate a birthday on the table next to mine.  (On a side note, if you know someone who really enjoys it when people sing "Happy Birthday" to them in public, this is TOTALLY the place!)The Lengua Chili Verde was soooo tasty and was just the right amount for the tortillas that it came with.  I definitely recommend! I need to go back and try some of the other things on the menu!
5	This is a great place to come if you enjoy Mexican food. The atmosphere is great, the staff is friendly and helpful, most of all, the food is delicious. My wife and I always come here when we visit Vegas.
3	Had a Groupon ...2  entrees for free; so hubby and I dined there.  Since the Groupon was for lunch  we went on a Saturday a little after 3pm.  After we ordered, was told their lunch ended at 3pm so we couldn't use the Groupon. Menu advertised lunch/dinner items with no difference in prices. Meal was fine.  Waiter was somewhat standoffish with non-Hispanic customers.  Didn't want to lose my money for the Groupon so we went back a week later before lunch hour was over.  Showed the Groupon before we ordered so there would be no more errors.  Was told the meal couldn't be over $21.98.  The stipulation on the Groupon didn't say that but whatever.  Our waiter was very nice and friendly.  The meal was good, however my husband wasn't impressed. Had never know of this place without he Groupon.  Very large and spacious restaurant.  Not very busy on both visits.One Great thing, the food was delivered to our table in record time.  It was as if the cook heard us when we ordered the food.  The salsa was better than most Mexican eateries. May come back when on a all ladies outing.
5	This place is soo awesome! The food was delicious and the service was fast! Friendly staff too:) I ordered the pollo en mole. It comes with beans and rice and tortillas.  Is was the bomb! Affordable price. I found a new spot to come to satisfy my mole cravings:) I'll be back! !
5	best mex in vegas
3	Descent Mexican food. Not bad but no so wonderful. Sorry was very friendly but painless slow. The place was empty in a Tuesday night but they would hold us a table with a reservation? They push alcoholic drinks... Careful....chicken fajitas were standard fare...chicken mole was a bit sub par but very edible. Friend got chili relleno but complained it tasted of fish? Oh well, we will skip this in the future, but the location is good & atmosphere is fun.... Good modern hipster music.
5	Good service, fast food time, delicious entrees and margarita was made with fresh lime juice and agave nectar! Funky paintings and a dessert display complete the setting for a great Mexican restaurant!
4	Was having a lunch date and decided to buy a groupon for Casa Don Juan. I wasn't really expecting too much out of the food or service reading some of the most recent reviews on yelp. BUT I was pleasantly surprised! Before we ordered I told our lovely server that I had a groupon. There were no hiccups at all and she explained that we could order anything on the menu. Our food came out fresh and fast!! I couldn't believe how fast or lunch was on the table...the place was hit with a nice lunch rush and our server had everything under control. I ordered the tamale and taco combo. The tamale was just okay...the masa was a bit to thick for my liking. But nothing to gripe about. Also ordered a blended mango margarita. Now that was delicious! It was blended to perfection and did not have any ice chips. Not sure if Casa Don Juan is my favorite mexican joint to eat at but I am sure I will return.
5	Tired and short on cash because the casinos have all your money and the Mexican restaurants in them are too pricey or fake? Take a drive just past the stratosphere hotel and eat here. Do it now and sober up, and take your too tight micro mini skirt wearing girl with you
4	Excellent food and service and reasonably priced. It's located in a rougher part of town but there is parting in the back that seemed safe enough. Don't let that bother you the food is great.
3	Normally, I love Casa Don Juan. The pollo endiablo (spelling definitely wrong there) is delish, and homemade tortillas? To die for. Did I mention the make fried ice cream with Fruity Pebbles? SO GOOD! I've been here twice before and had a wonderful experience each time with great service - today was almost bad enough to make me not want to return.The waiter was exceptionally bad. First, my friend tried to order a side of soup; apparently the sides of soup aren't sold on Sundays, okay, that's weird but whatever, she adjusted. Her salad came a good 15 minutes before my chicken, so she was nearly finished by the time I barely started. We went to order our favorite, the fried ice cream. We were kept waiting for about 10 minutes after ordering and then the waiter came back to tell us that there was no fried ice cream today because the ice cream was too soft. Um, you can't stick that in the freezer? His reply was chilling (even if the ice cream wasn't) : "The freezers aren't strong enough to freeze ice cream." WHAT?While I was screaming to get out of there and questioning where my meat was kept, if not in this subpar freezer, my friend asked him to recommend an alternate dessert. His response: "I don't really like the food here. I like Puerto Rican food better so I don't really eat here. The sopapillas look kinda good."We ended up giving up on getting anything sweet from there and just flat out left. The waiter didn't charge us for my friend's salad, which was appreciated considering 2/3 of our orders were rejected, but my advice to that waiter - if you don't like the food at the restaurant, at least have one or two recommendations that you can somewhat stomach! Sometimes honesty isn't the best policy.Still deciding if we'll be back... that fried ice cream is pretty magical. But I think I want proof the freezer works, first.
4	Best Mexican Food in Vegas in my opinion. Not much else to say. Salsa is the best around, although I do wish they fried their chips fresh to order so they are hot, not out from under the heat lamp. We have been in the past where the food wasn't on point, but it's only been once or twice in all the times I've eaten here which I'm sure is at least in the multiple dozens. We've had so many different dishes, kind of hard to review them all - but needless to say I keep coming back and will continue to do so for my mexican food fix!
2	Margaraitas are weak...it's the yellowish sweet-sour mixer.  Chiles Rellenos looked soggy and tasted as if fried in old oil.  Crispy beef taco shell wasn't fried, it was toasted on the grill.  We've also been disappointed with their dry tamales.  We won't be going back.
5	The food here is delicious !!!! Maybe even better then lindo michoacan !! It's the same prices as them plus they make their tortillas fresh !! My new favorite spot ! & the service is great, very attentive.
4	Following our round of drinks at Velveteen Rabbit, the wife and I walked a few doors down for some Mexican food at Casa Don Juan. I'm far from an expert on the finer points of authentic Mexican cuisine, so I went in with an open mind and an empty stomach.  Casa Don Juan had all of the familiar earmarks of a family-run operation.  The dining room was cozy, clean, and colorful, albeit a bit gaudy replete with Mexican tchotkes and neon cerveza signs.  Service was fast and familiar as the complimentary chips and sauce were delivered promptly to our table.  We added an order of guacamole for our chips.  The guac was smooth and fresh, good, but fairly standard fare.  It may have been a bit more enjoyable if it had been made fresh tableside.  No worries, though, because my order of Menudo (available only on Sat. & Sun) was exactly what the doctor ordered.  The generous amount of tender beef tripe was swimming in a delicious chile infused broth.  The dish was fortified with hominy and accompanied by a plate of chopped cilantro, lime, onions, black pepper, and oregano add-ins.  It was hearty and flavorful and a big winner in my mind.  While there likely are whole list of Mexican restaurants that the locals know of that are superior to Casa Don Juan, the wife and I found it to be satisfying and a solid value.
4	This would probably be my second favorite mexican restaurant . Chips and salsa are fantastic and the food comes out lightning fast! I am a big fan of their tamales but I don't think you could go worn with just about any of your favorite mexican dishes from Casa Don Juan!
5	AWESOME place to have mexican in Las Vegas.  Situated between the Strip and Fremont St., this huge restaurant is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas.   I love their margaritas, the streak is always tasty, I love their bean dip and chips and sauces and salsa. The staff is attentive and patient(i come with my 95 year old uncle)  Really great place to eat!  Plenty of handicap an street parking.
5	Get the queso dip with chips  when you roll in.... It's great!
4	Went to Casa Don Juan last night with my family and absolutely loved it! Ricardo our server was very personable and funny. He made sure he was on top of everything and that we enjoyed our meal. The food was the most authentic I've had in Vegas thus far. My enchiladas dish was great and the recommendation of the Verde sauce was on point. The fireball ochata was a first for all of us and now a favorite. Definitely going back! A Little pricey but worth it!-Joseph
2	The food is great! But the service is sub-par (super friendly, but SLOW), and it's a bit more pricey than it's worth (their prices have gone up in the last year). I will not be going back after tonight. My chimichanga was supposed to come with sour cream -- there was less than a tablespoon's worth on the plate, whereas there was probably 3-4 times as much guacamole on the plate. I'd expect a relatively equal amount of sour cream. I pointed this out to both the server and the server assistant and asked for a little bit more (and it took far too long to actually get more sour cream).I got charged for the sour cream ($1.50), so I asked for it to be removed when I went to pay at the counter. The manager asked "what was wrong with the sour cream" and I repeated my complaint and said that I didn't ask for nor need the 1/2 cup of sour cream that they brought me. I just wanted what ought to have come with my dinner.The manager ended up taking off 1/2 of the cost. So I still paid .75 cents. Now, I know it's that much money, and that wasn't the point of asking for it to be taken off. It's the principle of the thing. I paid $15.99 for a chimichanga that was supposed to come with beans, rice, guacamole, and sour cream. I don't think it's too much to ask to get more than a micro-dollop of sour cream. Had my meal not come with sour cream, I would have ordered it and happily paid the $1.50.I was not expecting an attitude from the manager over $1.50, especially when I had a $95 bill. (If I was going to complain and lie about something, I would have complained about something worth more money.) What's more, when a server came up to the counter (not my server), she asked him in Spanish if he'd "served that girl sour cream." Like I was lying or something? (And like this white girl can't possibly understand Spanish.) I rarely ask for a bill adjustment, having been a server for so many years, but I've never gotten a rude pushback like this before over a measly buck fifty. To me, that says a lot about how they do business, and I for one don't appreciate it. We won't be back.
1	Recently went to eat at restaurant and the service was horrible!!!! Wait staff continued to walk past our table (for 10 mins). We finally received some service after running down one of the hostesses.  Waiter Javier was rude! Will not recommend this place to travelers.
5	Walking around the neighborhood came by Casa Don Juan.  It was very busy for a Sunday morning and I can see why!  This is authentic.  Great atmosphere and great food.  The service was outstanding.  Planning on going back to indulge!
1	Had gone to this restaurant couple a times before and never had received worst service ever!!  Server thought we were from out of town ( which my family was but we are locals)  started arguing with my folks.  If they asked for something just like chile sauce, server said he had to put an order for it, what when in a Mexican restaurant has an order for sauce have to be put it; seemed like this server was pissed if we were from out of town?? Don't understand why.  He was so rude and when we left decided to talk to manager same as rude and we were asked where we were from??  Did it matter, we as customers should of been treated right, won't be going back here again!!
5	I love the food here. This was my 4th visit. Our waiter was awesome. Good sense of humor. We used a groupon, yessss Sir. Our waiter suggested different margaritas, my bestie had strawberry & I had a Cadillac margarita. All I can say is delicious. At the end the cashier tryed to over charge me but it was taken care of. I will be back.
5	We enjoy ourselves every time we come here. I should probably branch out and get some thing other than the fajitas.....but I probably won't. My wife has tried lots of different things and she hasn't had something she wasn't a fan of. If you are looking for good Mexican food....check this place out.
3	Love the food here!!! Chips and salsa with bean dip... AWESOME!!! I agree with the consensus that they have slow serving but always very friendly!!! I like that they have a person walking around doing pictures for guests... Nice touch!!! Great finish to the meal was the Pina Colada served in a fresh Pineapple!!! DELICIOUS!!!
4	I love this place. I come to visit Las Vegas maybe once or twice a year, but I ALWAYS make sure I visit Casa Don Juan. The food is fantastic and the guacamole is amazing. The staff is friendly, albeit slow (hence the four stars), but the old man that always plays us guitar is adorable and they always treat us well. Some of the best Mexican food I've had!
5	Out of this world delicious! The chips and bean dip were incredible.  They make fresh tortillas and you see them do it. The Chimichunga was huge and so freaking good. Have a snack tomorrow. Oh and I forgot about the Pina Coladas in a pineapple. Going back in May!!
4	Little better than the average mexican restaurants in Vegas not the best though, portions are big my meal was good to share.
5	Love this restaurant. My Latina wife and I stumbled upon it, and have since been back twice with family.  We recently had a wedding and took both of our families out to it twice because everyone liked it so much, and the menu was extensive.  You get a good sized meal, and maybe some take home for around $15.  We live in Arizona and New Mexico and check out some of the best Mexican fare restaurants, and not only is this authentic it is also very good.  Great place for lunch, dinner, and fun for families.  Fun & festive too.
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place as I always see that it's pretty busy, but I'm very disappointed at the food. We ordered a beef fajita plate and shared it between two people. It was definitely enough food, as they give a lot of beef, but the quality of the meat was horrible. I also told the waiter it was my boyfriends birthday and they sang, which was nice, but gave him a plate of whip cream!! Very disappointed.
5	Hands down our favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. Drinks are a hit or miss but their super burrito is the best burrito in Vegas.
5	Vegas is seriously lacking on good Mexican food; almost as much as Chinese. Most of the Mexican restaurants we have tried are a small step up from Taco Bell. Casa Don Juan is the saving grace here...Every time I have gone they have been incredibly busy, yet they are still quick to get chips, drinks and orders out. The food is amazing. The guac is def fresh, the cheese dip is a meal in itself and its always difficult to save room for the amazing fried ice cream. I have ordered something different every time I've gone - the veggie burrito and the taco's are probably the best in my book, but it all looks good.If you haven't gone here, go. It's the anti typical Vegas Mexican Restaurant.
3	Ordered the chicken enchilada and the chille relleno. Enchilada was good but the chille relleno was lacking "something" but wasn't sure what. Maybe I'm just used to the relleno in SoCal. Without the chille relleno, food was great.
4	So friendly and very fast service. The guacamole is amazing and fresh however it us pricey at 6.00.my husband had a burrito with asada. He loved it . It filled him up. Their salsa is slow very good. They serve a been dip for free, yummy! I ordered the chili Reno and cheese enchilada I was so full I only are half of the Chilli. Took all the rest to go. So good! I will come back to try more!
3	Came here with my husband on a Friday morning 4/4/14 The place was easy to find from the strip ,love the Mexican feel and look.  it was pretty empty fast service and very friendly waiter he was really attentive to what we needed. the bean dip and salsa are really good I shared a tostada de camaron with my husband that was delish, i got a plate of camarones a la diabla a good amount of spicy if you dont eat spicy food i dont recommend My husband got caldo de camaron he loved it i had a taste very flavorful . We also got hand made tortillas that were great reminded me of my grandmas cooking i def recommend but is a little pricey but for the great service and food its a steal
4	Great service and margaritas.  The food is really tasty too and they always have good advertising deals...
1	I went here as part of a company dinner while we were in Vegas on business. The guys swore by it, saying they had been there each year during this particular trade show and it was terrific.Everything about the restaurant was pretty unappetizing... The condiments on the table consisted of chips, a watery substance that I think was supposed to be salsa, and a grey paste that I think was supposed to be bean dip. I ordered a chicken quesadilla, thinking that would be safe enough, however it tasted pretty bad and I only ate about 4 bites of it.However, 4 bites turned out to be enough to cause the worst food poisoning I've ever had, which kicked up around midnight that night and lasted until noon the next day.  I spoke to the other person in our party who had ordered the same thing as me, and sure enough, she had gotten sick too.Needless to say, I will not be going to this restaurant ever again. Ever.
3	Came here for lunch with some friends. Prices are to expensive, and food was ok. Nothing special or unique, the shrimp fajitas I got lacked flavor.
1	Terrible customer service. Our family went in for late breakfast and was seated on a wobbly table. We asked to be moved, but nothing was done. Waiter spilled our drink on one of the plates and took him over 20 minutes to replace. We were already done with our meals. Manager was called and he did not offer to comp the dish that was replaced. I have never heard that a manager is unable to fix bill. He said he was sorry, yet our experience was destroyed. Never again will I go there. Horrible Customer Service.
5	Stopped here again for lunch. Great food, great service, and great atmosphere. Always a must when I am in town. Never disappointed.
2	I've been to this place twice and both times I am not impress with the food and customer service. They don't give you that much food and the price are expensive. I think I can get better food at el pollo loco than this place.
5	Probably the best Mexican restaurant I've been to in Vegas so far. I got the wet burrito and it was really good. The beans and guacamole were the best. I also tried pineapple and raisin tamales for the first time and that was good too. The service was excellent.
5	My favorite Mexican spot in vegas so far. Good prices, portions and great mom and pop environment. Only problem is there's like nowhere to park your car here.
5	Everything was yummy and the service is great! It was my first time coming here but I know I will be coming back very soon
4	The service was great we had a older gentlemen I didn't catch his name but he was very helpful and pleasant. The food was pretty good well worth going back a second time we are even planning on bring my sister and her family here. The only thing I didn't like was the fact the young hostess dress top was COMPLETELY see threw. With the men diners that may be great but it is a family friendly and I would not like bring my kids here. It was shocking. When I say see threw I mean I could tell size color and style of bra.
5	Back from lunch. And was it top notch. Shrimp enchiladas and chicken fajitas the best of the best. Cadillac margarita to die for! A must try place to go to.
5	The food is ALWAYS delicious; staff are friendly and the atmosphere is fun.  My family and I enjoyed a Sunday lunch today.  I had a shrimp cocktail that was loaded with big, plump shrimp.  I also enjoyed a ceviche tostada.  This has to be one of the best Mexican places in the valley.
5	Huge tamales that tasted sooooo good. Even the beans and rice were tasty. Definitely worth the price and trip.
4	First time here, friendly staff, great service and equally great food. The guacamole was awesome. The decor is very quaint and the the carne asada was good.  I would definitely recommend it, it was a great deal, especially with the coupon I found on restaurants.com. It's a little far from where I live in the southwest, but the friendly staff and good food make it well worth the drive.
2	I have always enjoyed the food here since they opened but am thoroughly disgusted with the over the top high prices. These prices are not inline with other Mexican restaurants of equal or higher quality food. Don't think I will be going back exclusively because of the high prices.
5	The food here is very delicious! I got camarones a la diabla and actually got more then 6 shrimps on my plate unlike Lindo Michoacan.. the staff is pretty cool manager actually helps his staff on assisting customers and the prices are reasonable... my favorite thing is as soon as I walked in its decorated like a typical Mexican person house I loved it
3	Our team from work came here before an event for some breakfast and it was alright. I wasn't blown away but I did enjoy it. Their home-made tortillas were delightful but I didn't think my Huevos Rancheros were all that great, otherwise. The sauce on top was somewhat bland and the eggs were overcooked (for being over medium).I tried my boyfriend's Chile relleno and I didn't like the cheese inside. He said he liked them but he's had better. I just wasn't that impressed by the whole meal. The waitress was awesome so we did appreciate that. Also, the fresh-squeezed lemonade was great. I would definitely get that again. In the end though, I probably won't come back to pay $10 for a dish I didn't enjoy.
4	Have eaten here several times and the service is consistently excellent.  The food is great... just not quite there to put it over the top at five stars.  VERY close though.  It's a lovely place to spend time watching people walking around the antique shops.
3	When I entered the restaurant, I was very impressed with the decor, and the fact that we were promptly greeted. The server brought guacamole, salsa, and bean dip to the table with fresh chips. things were looking good! Guac was very tasty, bean dip very tasty, but the salsa was sort of thin and bland, and seemed like it had some sort of thickening agent in it. When the entrees arrived, they were underwhelming. I had a beef enchilada, beef taco and a chile relleno. I didn't care for the sauce at all. The taco was ok. the chile relleno had too much cheese, and I didn't care for the cheese they stuffed it with. I took about three bites, and that was it. Service was outstanding throughout. Although the service and decor were outstanding, I didn't care for the food at all, and will probably not be back.
5	I went today and I got a chicken salad. That's the best chicken salad that I have ever tried. Casa don juan is the best!
2	We ate at Casa Don Juan tonight after seeing a show at the 4 queens. The service was not all that good and the food just so so. It came out really fast but did not have much flavor. Probably will not go back again. The raised their prices since we were there a year ago about $4 a plate, and the portions are small. Only about 2 table spoons of beans, give me a break they are the cheapest thing to make, and theirs were watered down. They also don't do happy hour on Fridays anymore.
1	You could find a crappy Mexican restaurant like this anywhere in America. Uninteresting menu, slow service, bad decor. The flies would not stay off of our bland enchiladas, so at least THEY enjoyed them. If you want to know what Mexican restaurants were like thirty years ago, you can't do much better than this  relic from a flavorless past.
4	I used to love casa Don Juan until I came here yesterday. Everything seemed so different and the food was only ok. There was nothing special about the food and I am sure I could find something better here in vegas. The chips seemed to be a little old and the bean dip and cheese dip came out a little cold...  The waiter wasn't great and seemed to disappear when we needed napkins and forks. Something is different :( probably won't be coming back for awhile! Reason why I'm giving 4 stars is because they came out and sang happy birthday with maracas and a sombrero ! The cake they gave me was also pretty good ! Other than that, it wasn't the greatest... :(
3	A-OK...if you are looking for Mexican fare in the immediate area...
5	Oh mylanta! There's not one time I go to Vegas without stopping here! I wish they opened another restaurant here in LA. The service is awesome, ambiance is great, && there is this super hot waiter working there now... WOW! Lol. Anyways... Haha. If you like to drink, i recommend the Modelo Micheladas, they're probably the best I've ever had!
5	I love this place, their chicken tacos are amazing, their chips and bean dip are amazing, their salsa sucks, their ice cold coke never runs dry, I love it here. Problem is, when ever I go, I have to go alone, because everyone I know hates it here...
5	I've been to Casa Don Juan at least a dozen times, and I've never had a bad meal. And I've never had to wait more than a half hour for it. (And that's pushing it.) This place is fast! And delicious!When I moved here from Texas 16 years ago, I wanted to find a great Mexican restaurant. But everything was on the California-Mexican side of things (lots of cilantro, mango, and crap like that). And then I found Casa Don Juan. I'm not saying this place is true Tex-Mex, but it sure is good. It's my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas, and that's saying something.From the homey bean dip they give you with your chips to the homemade tortillas, this place is legit. And they sure love them some Frida Kahlo. (Look around; you'll see what I mean.) But on to the food...As I said, I've been here a lot and usually get the traditional fare (tacos, burritos, chile rellenos). Tonight the spouse and I decided to try something different: he got the tongue, and I got the chicken mole. I'm not a big fan of organ meat, but I liked the tomatilla sauce on my husband's tongue (THAT sounds wrong!), and the important thing is that he loved it. My mole was delicious; one of the best sauces I've had.Our waiter was great, and it was nice that we could use a Groupon for most of the meal. Even without a coupon, I would (and will) come back to Casa Don Juan. I've had their fish and chilaquiles, but there's still plenty of other menu options I need to try!
2	Food was good, granted all 6 of us didn't get what we ordered. Drinks came at least 20 minutes after sitting down, food came in another 15-20 minutes. All food orders wrong, drinks wrong. Luckily our wrong food was actually pretty good.
4	Definitely a do-over. We've been driving past Casa Don Juan for a decade saying, "we really need to try this place". We finally did and we will be back. This place is surprisingly large inside with tons of character/personality. The menu is huge and everything we tried was excellent. They have a large staff so everything moves quickly and you get your drinks and chips/salsa/bean dip right away. Just a couple of blocks south of Fremont Street on Main this is a great place to stop for dinner before heading to Fremont for a night out with friends.
5	Food is amazing here. I ran into this place by accident and figured what the hell let's give it a shot! I was not sorry!! We get greeted by who I think was the owner and get seating almost immediately. Super nice servers took our order and has chips salsa beans and guacamole within a minute! Food was fresh and tasted amazing!! If yoy come Saturday or Sunday come early and try their menudo!!! Outside of my mother's menudo this is the best I've ever had!! Over all great place! Definitely my new place to come when I'm in Vegas.
3	A-ok authentic Mexican place near the downtown area.Location - not the best part of town. Parking is the worst especially during busy hours.Restaurant - came here on a Saturday night and maybe something was wrong with the A/C that night but it was sooo hot! Add to that a crowded room and you've got yourself an oven! Service - fast and attentive enough considering how busy they were that night.Food - we ordered the steak fajitas, wet burrito, and mango margaritas. Chips and salsa and bean dip are served before the main meals. Overall food was good! Definitely what you would expect from a Mexican place - greasy and unhealthy but very satisfying. I could've easily shared my fajitas, but since we had a Groupon, we went ahead and redeemed what it was good for. Margaritas were a bit strong. We didn't finish them. Overall- I would recommend this  for an authentic Mexican meal if you're on this side of town. I just hope in my next visit, they've got the a/c fixed by then.
5	Yummy Lady making tortillas all the time always a good sign
1	We came here looking forward to celebrating my husbands birthday instead we have the most horrible service. The only lady that was nice was the lady taking "free" photos. The food was simply ok. It was way over priced. We could have drove 2miles up Charleston to a whole in the wall restaurant with better service and better quality food!
1	Just left without eating. I ordered the "ensalada hawiian chicken salad". It was beautiful. It had no flavor.I tried to get the attention of anyone working there. That took about 5 minutes.When I asked for dressing the waiter looked and acted confused. The choices were ranch, italian or honey mustard. Hummm what would go well with a hawaiian salad that has pineapple and guacamole..... Really none of the mentioned. I ordered ranch. The waiter brought it to the table with a clunk. You would think with such a beautiful salad there would be a specialized dressing say with pineapple?The ranch did not work. The salsa did not work (no flavor or heat) I am from southern California and have made / eaten lots.Needless to say I will not be going back.
3	Food was ok. Still could find something better. I ordered a shrip tostada and some pieces of shrip were still frozen. Although the waiter was very kind, always passing by to see if we needed anything.
2	So this place has consistently been getting worse each time I've been coming here.  Not sure if they plan on getting better.A huge vegetarian alert:  according to Javier, almost everything is cooked with lard....even the chips.That's sad as the last time I asked he didn't mention that.  Service can definitely be improved.
5	Ok....this is officially my favorite Mexican restaurant so far.  The location is great for me, so we thought we would stop on the way to Fremont to check it out. Glad we did.  Although the lady at the front was kinda rude, she was the only one the rest of the night that was.  Everyone from the hostess, to the many waiters checking on us, were all super friendly and accommodating. I ordered the jumbo Cadillac margarita, and my friend got a frozen mixed mango and strawberry margarita. Check out the picture. It was so pretty!  We got chips, salsa, and beans when we first sat down. The salsa was not the best I ever had, but it was good and I loved that it was actually spicy. Then we ordered cheese dip and guacamole to go with it. The cheese was good, and the guacamole was delis pious. However, this was a mistake, because when we were into our second basket of chips, we realized we were too full for our meal. We had ordered the mixed appetizer for two, which was $20. Surprisingly everything on the plate was good. It had chicken chimichangas, beef flautas, carne asada nachos and quesadillas. It was way too much food, but we had to at least try everything....it was all good, so needless to say, we were stuffed. After we finished our drinks, the waiters rolled is out to the curb for a cab pick up. I will definitely be back!!!
3	food was really great and service was good. would give it a 3.7 if I could  only thing negative was that our rice wasn't fully cooked
1	Why did I come here? I already know how mediocre this place is and I still came.  Wet Burrito was flavorless and the manager said "its great" and basically said I was wrong.  Casa Don Juan makes Macayo's seems like grandma's cooking.  Never coming back....this review is a reminder to myself!
1	This place use to be reasonable for good authentic mexican food. My past 4 visits have been disappointing! The company seems to be getting greedier each time. The positions of rice have become very small and the food quality is bland. If you ask for a preparada the beer is $5.00 and u pay another $5.00 for the tomato juice, which is just ridiculous. I also asked for a small side of a spicier salsa, they said it would be $3.00! Seriously! Never coming back!
4	We came here twice on a recent work-trip to Vegas, and thoroughly enjoyed it each time. Really great staff: attentive, friendly, efficient. We came by after long work days both times, and appreciated being able to relax and be taken care of. Margaritas were good, salsa too. They made me a shrimp fajita quesadilla, even though it wasn't on the menu, and it was delicious. Guacamole was quite good. Others at the table had enchiladas, chicken mole, chicken quesadillas, and pretty much raved.  We liked it a lot, and will definitely be back!
5	Was here today the food the service was great left feeling full and complete a lot of bang for your buck
5	I love this restaurant. My only complaint is that the Pollo Ranchero available as the lunch special on Wednesday isn't on the regular menu. I would order it every time if I could.
1	Purchased a Groupon based on the menu online linked to the site. Sat down and noticed some dishes were up to $5 more than the online menu and they would not honor the price. She was rude and would not help us in any way. We walked out.
3	Very cute place inside.Food was good, but not great. Service was pretty bad. *No children's menu*I ordered 2cheese enchiladas with an order of beans and rice. $12.99. I did enjoy everything, the sides of rice and beans were kinda small. Zordon got the wet super burrito with green sauce. Rice, beans.  $13.99. The burrito was smaller than most and wasn't very good.My littles got the flautas combo.  $13.99.. because they didn't have a children's menu.Service: they all looked sad. Like they didn't want to me there. We had to ask them for water several times. They weren't very attentive. Then they sat a family of about 15 right next to us. Really?? They have enough room to leave some space for us. Anyway. Then as we leave the hostesses weren't any better. Decor was actually very cute. A little bit weird though, the obsession with Frida. Still, done well. I would consider giving this place a second chance if the prices weren't so high for the kind of food i get in any average Mexican restaurant
4	The food was good, service was amazing, and the pina colada came in a pineapple. I didn't like that the semi attentive waiter, which later I found out that he is the one who keeps the full tip. The service was amazing because the guys in the blue shirts in which I thought were the main waiters made it a great experience!!! They were very attentive and nice! I I did split the tip after asking if they share and finding out they didn't.
5	This is one of the best sit down Mexican restaurants I've been to in Vegas! They give you chips with salsa and bean dip - which was delicious. We had the enchiladas and fried chimichanga - both were amazing. The service was great, too. Constantly had my water refilled.
5	The hostess was rude. But the server was great and always made sure we had everything we needed. I had the carne asada tacos and the meat was delicious! I loved that they put guac on them! Tasted the fried ice cream which was also delicious!
4	I've been looking for a good home on the wall Mexican Restraunt and this one fills the bill. Excellent food, fantastic service. My only complaint was the north dining room was very hot. Not sure If the A/C failed or what but it Ess way to hot. Can't wait to go back
5	Wow.  Definitely a place that is known by the locals.  It's far from the strip and worth the trip....When u eat the chips u r already pulled n...When u taste the Frijoles that come with the chips u ' re thinking,  okay, I really like this. ..order the guacamole and fall in love...it's creamy and immensely flavorful.  It was lunch so I ordered a shredded beef taco and cheese enchilada. ..I don't know how to describe it but every morsel of that taco was tantalizing!  The Cadillac margarita was smooth. ...AND the had the US Open on the big screen!   Honey,  I'm home!
4	Great Mexican food!  I was a little nervous because I am pretty picky about my Mexican food -- but this was great!The service was fantastic.  Their salsa was amazing -- one of he best I've ever had.  It kind of tasters like it had a few tomatillas thrown in too.  It tasted extremely fresh, like they just made it.I will definitely go back next time I am in Las Vegas.
3	Usually get really good service but tonite it was horrible. We had a Groupon so maybe that's why the waitress treated us like crap. Had to ask for water THREE times and when the check came she said we had to pay up front at the register which was never the case in the past. While at the register, two other waiters came up with money/credit cards for other customers to settle their bills for them. The food was good as always and the margaritas were yummy as well (although I asked for NO salt on the rim but got salt anyway). Unfortunately the waitress was so bad that I'll think twice about coming here again. There are other good Mexican restaurants in Vegas.
4	Love the ambiance and atmosphere. Mainly came to drink and they did not disappoint.  The chips, salsa and bean dip were yummy and filling. I have a groupon to use for a second visit which I want to do soon. Will most def be returning!
3	I happen to like this place & before our office moved it used to be across the street, now it's a downtown adventure which I still like because I always discover new things. It's a casual place with lots of beautiful Freda art and it always seems to be busy. I am always on the hunt for great Mexican restaurants in Vegas & this one I would describe as filling & casual. Not the greatest but nowhere near the blandest either. It's cheap & comforting. The staff isn't my favorite so try to get a groupon before you come to get the best discount out there.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE !!!!!!! I live in Vegas , and I approached this place it was my first time here and it won't be my Last !!!!! Everything was amazing
1	Javier the server was really rude with an attitude. Have you got my order wrong and blamed me for his mistake. Javier got loud in the restaurant and wanted to argue about the mistake. Javier gave me a menu then he left. The gentleman brought me chips and salsa and I was almost through before I called Javier for help . Javier seemed preoccupied with the cooks, I understand Spanish perfectly and he talked about me as if I did the order wrong .. He knew he was wrong he tried to offer me chips . He did not even want exchange my order. Needless to say I will not be returning to this restaurant. Half of the servers are sitting there eating their food looking at you drinking having a good time while you're waiting to be served . I waited and I just left. After I told the cashier she acted like she didn't even care it's not the area it's the people in the restaurant that are not professional or have an understanding of English unless you speak very very slow . Again I will not go to this restaurant ever you cannot pay me to go to this restaurant because the staff are so rude.
4	Best food since we have been in Vegas. Good prices, friendly staff.
5	the best mexican food in las vegas. wow
1	could never get a chance to get to this this place til this Sunday  with my family.And this place is a tourist trap ...FLAVORLESS.Some one has gotta be tipping off people to post awesome things about this place because There is no way this place is what they say HUGE disappointment.My family and I try many different places and there are a ton of better flavored places .the asada had no spice at all and for 15.99 you would think it would do a hat dance .the enchiladas were border line the flavor of something out of box.and who ever posted the tamales were awesome???you better get your taste buds checked.3.75 for a giant tub of masa and a sliver of tasteless meat.You can look at the pics and see the serving look like there lame enough to be served on a paper plate.after we ate we couldn't believe a dinner for 3 with one drink each was 85.00 .those if you who really think this place is off the hook need to get out more often.this is vegaaaaaasss.i think this place may have been a good local spot at one time with all I hear about it ,but like some places like that they start skimping on quality .ill eat from a taco truck before I go back there again.
4	groupon deal was $12 for $24. everything was GOOD!
5	Delicious! I've been searching for authentic Mexican cuisine since I moved here. This is it. The best!
2	Bland Bland Bland! Service was good but food and drinks (mojito) were bland!!! We went to have a date night at Casa Don Juan and sadly my husband and I were disappointed, coming from San Diego and spoiled by amazingly authentic Mexican food; nothing here had any flavor. From the salsa for the chips (it had heat) beans were bland and if you order a tamale, that is exactly what you get a steamed tamale with nothing and hardly any meat. My husband had the chimichanga platter and it was bland boiled chicken fried in a tortilla. The mojito taste like lime juice over ice... Very disappointing
5	Went for lunch on a Friday.  Arrived at 11:30am and place was already filling up.  Service was fast and friendly.  Nice chips, salsa, and bean dip are complimentary.Food was fresh and abundant.  I order the 3 soft taco lunch special.  This could easily be split between 2 people. I'll definitely be back.
5	I eat Mexican food almost every day of the week and this restaurant is hands down on my top 5 list of favorite places! I live in Cali and when I come to Vegas I eat here over all the fancy restaurants and buffets!!! All the servers are there for the customers and the food comes out fast and fresh !!! Best shrimp ceviche hands down !!!! I can't wait to go back to Vegas so I can get my grub on!
1	My friends and I (a party of about 9) went for dinner last night and experienced a few things.* There's very limited parking. The parking they do have is unlit and in a bad area of town. Definitely thought my car was going to get broken into because I had to park in a dark alley.* Waitstaff is more than a little pushy. Especially the guy that walks around trying to sell you an overpriced photo he took of your party. Not hospitable at all.* Portions were generous, but the food was mediocre. Our waiter even said that Lindo Michoacan had better food.* 3 of the members of my party wanted more sauce to put on their burritos and tamales. The server brought out 3 portions of green sauce, but failed to inform us that sides of sauce were $3 EACH. When I saw an extra $9 added to our bill, I politely asked if they could remove the charge. I was told that wasn't possible so politely asked to talk to a manager. She also told us that it wasn't possible to take the charge off, even though we weren't notified when we ordered. For putting the business ahead of their customer, Casa Don Juan has lost a customer.
1	The worst restaurant I ever went to! THE want to be called managers is the worst customer service you can ever have.It makes you want to close the restaurants!! F rating!!!!
1	Be sure that if you have a group on that you show and tell the waiter , the  host and the owner what's in your group ticket   If you don't they will try to over charge you and "Assume" you want the extras and charge you! This is so upsetting all of the above were rude , unprofessional and especially the manager , threatening to call the police when they were in the wrong , after all that they waived the extra charges because Assuming to call the police was not putting a scare into us when they were in the wrong!!'
5	We went to eat here on a Saturday night. Called ahead first because they're was 8 of us. Food was great. Carne Asada is very tender and they have homemade tortillas. Priced very reasonable. Service was fast and great. We decided to go back the next morning on Sunday with s party of 25. Just as good and menudo was awesome.
5	Best Mexican food in Las Vegas. Too bad I went with my ex so many times, or else I'd frequent Casa alot more. Fajitas are top notch, salsa could use a little more substance. Good service and parking is never an issue.
1	Very disappointing meal. The tacos and enchiladas I swear are smaller and smaller every time. The carnitas were sitting in a pool of grease. Gross!!!  And the pricing seems to rise. Ordered pico gallo and there's a $2.50  surcharge. Where nowhere on the menu does it state it's a surcharge. When brought to managers attentions manager was combative and no service oriented. Will NEVER visit again.
5	Amazing food brings you back to the real mexican roots. Super friendly and fast service.
1	There were a lot of problems with this place. After repeating my order three times because my waiter just couldn't get it right, my order still came out wrong. This is after I was speaking Spanish to my Spanish server. How does a Mexican restaurant get Tacos so wrong? This place manages to do just that. The food itself was horrible. And to top it off we had to wait a very long time to get our check. Only reason we left a tip was for the bus boys who manages to keep up with our refills. Our waiter just took our orders, managed to screw our orders and we had to track him down for our check. If you are looking for a decent Mex Restaurant than try to avoid this place. It sucks!
5	We came in with a large group and needed to get our baseball team back with in an hour. The hostess was very accommodating.   They took our boys order first and they were done on time! They were willing to split the bill after we ordered. DID I mention the Food was amazing! The chips salsa and beans was a perfect way to start of the meal. Will defiantly make it a point to stop by any time we r in Vegas!! Ohhhh and the HOMEMADE TORTILLAS!!! WOW!!!
2	We went with friends during first friday and despite the fact they were extremely busy, we were seated within a couple of minutes.The wait staff is very attentive and quick.The margaritas are okay... very large in size, but nothing spectacular in taste.This same theme repeated itself with our meal..... very large portions, but nothing spectacular in taste.The chips, salsa, and beans were pretty good but chips aren't warm or exceptionally fresh. The salsa was fresh but had no spice to it at all.I had a chicken enchilada and a cheese enchilada with rice and beans.... it was okay... not bad.... not really anything to get excited about.My husband had the whole fried fish (tilapia). He said it was good.Our friends ordered the chicken fajitas and the steak fajitas. The portions are very large, but again flavors are bland, nothing seemed very fresh. It was just very ordinary and quite flavorless.There are so many great Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas that I just can't see myself coming back to Casa Don Juan again.
4	Food was authentic and delicious. They were very accommodating. I had the carne asada plate for lunch and meet was cooked well.  Service was good.
4	We always try to stop here when saying downtown.  Good food and friendly service.  Love the chips and bean dip.  Steak fajitas are plentifully, enchiladas are great, and the margaritas are delish.
4	Cute little Mexican restaurant near downtown with super speedy and friendly service. A little pricey---$20 for chilaquiles?! They make fresh corn and flour tortillas in the corner of the dining room. They get pretty busy at times, but Sunday lunch hour is a good time to beat the crowd.
5	If you're looking for great food get to this place! I went to a family dinner for my boyfriends sisters 21st birthday. The service was excellent and the food was amazing. I shared the chicken and steak fajitas with my boyfriend and they were so tasty! I highly recommend this place. For dessert they served the birthday girl a rather large slice of chocolate cake and put a sombrero on her head and all the employees, with sombreros as well, sang her happy birthday. Thanks for the great food and service!
3	I went there on a Groupon  a waiter will come up to your table and give you chips and salsa. Then he/she will ask guacamole or cheese?  They don't tell you it's 4.99. Then if you ask for a hotter chili  that's 3.99 extra. Just make sure you are willing to pay for the stuff they sneak up on your table..the tacos are good though. MARGARITAS : DON DRINK THE CHEAP STUFF
5	Very friendly staff. The food was delicious and well priced. Fun environment and authentic Mexican food. Will be coming back.
5	This is what Mexican restaurants looked like when I had my first meal in one in the 70s.  We came twice for breakfast.  I had the machaca and it was great.  The second time the waiter suggested carnitas machaca which was also great.  Guacamole was delicious, coffee was good, there is a lady there making fresh tortillas in front of you and they made me jalapanos toreados.  Loved the room, ambience and service.  Cheap for vegas.   Fun and highly recommended - at least for breakfast!
1	absolutely the pits! margaritas are tasteless and impotent. salsa and bean dip completely horrible. beef burrito pictured for you to see is missing the beef and much more: an absolute  joke. chile relleno breading is mushy and insides still cool from having being nuked. the worst experience imaginable - only reason for this nightmare joint being open is captive audience of local workers. do yourself a big favor and avoid at all costs - it does not get much worse than this: virtually inedible fare at high prices and incompetent management.
5	Always love this place..  Great service, price and atmosphere.. Guacamole is incredible.
5	We were very happy to find this place, a little unsure of the area since it was dark when we arrived, but the food was amazing, and service was fast and friendly. We will definitely eat here on our next Vegas trip!
5	Love this place and the service its awesome!  Definitely coming back on my next Vegas trip!!!
3	I was teetering between 3 and 4 stars, but the price is what sealed the deal for me to round down on this place.If you find yourself in DTLV needing a quick bite to eat, Casa Don Juan will totally do it for you. This isn't authentic Mexican food; it's the super-fast Mexican-American style restaurant that can be found across the country. You know what I'm talking about -- the food tastes exactly how you think it will. And this isn't a slam at all -- sometimes I crave that stuff!One thing to note that you can't find at every other Mexican place: handmade tamales! And they are delicious! Other things we tried were margaritas, queso, tacos, and beans and rice... all were totally fine. The service was super fast and friendly too. I did think the price was a bit too high for such fast-style Mexican food. Then again, this is Vegas, so I shouldn't have been so surprised.
5	Excellent Mexican food. A bit pricey but worth it. The owner Raul is a really nice man. Very accommodating and hard working. The enchiladas are great. Tamales too! Even the noodle soup is good too.Can't go wrong here. There is a bar too with full accommodations. Best downtown Las Vegas Mexican joint.
1	My first and last experience at Casa Don Juan had to have been one of the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever had. The overall atmosphere of the restaurant is unaccommodating and unwelcoming, and the staff treats you like trash if you ask for the simplest things. On top of their already overpriced dishes, charging $1.50 for a small spoonful of sour cream and accusing their customers of LYING when they receive the wrong order leads me to believe that the restaurant honestly doesn't care about their customers, and they are only out to leech money from them. It would be much more worth your time and experience going to another fine Mexican restaurant in town like Bonito Michoacan on Decatur than to be harassed and provided with the lousy service at Casa Con Juan. It's a shame, really.
3	Used to go here as a child ,but when i went this week i was very disappointed.  I ordered the ceviche tostada.  my family ordered carne asada and some taco. It took a long time for the order to come , and when it did it wasn't worth it. the ceviche was cooked in butter instead of lemon. and carne asada didn't have any flavor .  the waiter gave us a discount becuse of the food. Overall I would not being coming back
5	I come here often and I love it. Good food, good prices. It's pretty authentic  and you get a lot for what you pay. The service is always great. Get the guacamole!!!
2	My husband and I have been going to this restaurant several years, and have always been happy with the service, however in the past few months, the service has declined. My last visit was horrible. I ordered the wet burrito, and was told it came with pico de gallo and guacamole. I asked to substitute chopped tomato and onion for the pico de gallo and sliced avocado for the guacamole. The waiter seemed hesitant with my substitution request, but took my order anyway. My order came with the sliced avocado, but not the tomato or onion. I talked to my waiter, and he went to get it corrected. He returned, and said that he made a mistake, the pico de gallo was not included in the burrito, so the change could not be made. I asked him to please have my order prepared the way I requested it, and to make it to go. In the meantime, my napkin fell to the floor, someone picked it up, but did not bring me a new napkin. I voiced my concern to the manager, and the best she could do was to give me 20% off.  I felt that was the final insult and have no plans to return to the restaurant.Their food is excellent. The chefs are always consistent with the quality of the meals. If I do go back there, my order will be to go.
