3	The Pittsburgh Hilton is the first building you'll notice on any post card of the Golden Triangle.  It was part of the origianl Renaissance Plan and part of the original Gateway Center.The hotel itself is okay, but only just okay.  There's nothing particularly bad about it.  The rooms are small and the bathrooms are smaller. Fortunately, the rooms have  been going through an upgrade.    Take my advice and see if you can get a cheap rate through www.hotwire.com or some other source.   But you should not pay full price to stay here because for what they charge, there are better values to be had elsewhere.
4	I wish I could rate different aspects separately.  Hotel is old, but is in the process of an upgrade.  Our group of teachers got a discount that made it very affordable.  The rooms were small, but nice with flat screen TVs and very nicely refitted bathrooms.  The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in.  Some of the rooms were not completely refitted--my room was missing the mini-fridge and another person in our group didn't have a shower door installed.What's great about this hotel is the location.  Right on the point and what a view. You can walk to just about everything.  The staff was friendly and helpful too.  Another plus, a shuttle service that is free and takes you any place you want to go within a three mile radius.  I'd definitely go back again.
2	One star for having Yuengling at the hotel bar, and having a hotel bar that's open late. Yuengling is an east/central PA thing, but I guess Iron City is gone now, so my people in Pottsville can take over the awesome responsibility of providing a local beer.But really, what happened during the renovation? The granite counters, the nickel fixtures, the flat screen TV, the *8* nearly-cubic down pillows, and the beige tile all touch on the trends of the mid-aughts, but who did the work?  The otherwise-new sliding bathroom door has a busted latch (complete with wood splinters), the tile seems to have been caulked with a hand-squeezed tube, the faucets wobble in their mounts, and the room (maybe due to early check-in?) was lacking in paper products. I also knew that I could safely stash my laptop in the armoire drawers, because one of those drawers had dusty underwear left by some long-gone patron.  Still the location is great (love the view), the valet parking is a great deal at $25/day for unlimited ins and outs, and staff is friendly, and the free WiFi signal is strong.Congratulations D&M on your wedding! However, they don't recommend this place for other folks bringing a big group into town. Too many screw-ups and miscommunications, and too much extra work fixing the mistakes.
3	Stayed here for a couple of nights.  The hotel is undergoing construction, so while the front entrance is open, the sidewalks that lead to it are all gated up.  I get wary of hotels undergoing renovations because often that means troubles for guests.  I endured no such things...well..almost.  When I walked in the lobby it was packed!  But mostly because there was a Steelers game that night and their hotel bar (3 Rivers Pub) seemed like a happening place! They have lots of couches and seating and several large, flat screens.  Though the crowd was loud no one was obnoxious, thank goodness!  This is my second time in Pittsburgh and I gotta say, I love this place.  The people are genuinely nice and down to earth.  Back to the hotel.  Though the line was long, I was checked in with quick efficiency.  My room was definitely nice.  It had a modern decor.  Mahogany furniture with granite tops.  The bathroom all granite.  Toiletries went beyond the shampoo, conditioner and lotion.  It also had mouth wash, body wash, sewing kit, shower cap, shoe shine cloth, and facial moisturizer with sunscreen.  The line is called La Source by Crabtree and Evelyn. The lotion and soups had shea butter! I know the ladies will appreciate that :)  I had a flat screen Samsung TV in my room, I want to say it was about a 36in. The remote had a sleep timer, always a plus for me.  The bed was nice and cozy.  I had a great riverside view.  I'm sure it would be beautiful in the summer. Great location. The hotel lobby has a convenience store and they offer room service as well.  They also have free internet access either wired or wireless.  Unfortunately the wired service was down on my floor.  The wireless worked fine for browsing, but not for work if you VPN in.  I had to work from the lobby.  Other than that it was ok.One night I ordered a steak salad and it came with guess what? Fries!  Pittsburgh loves its fries it seems.  These fries were like a cross between chick-fil-a and popeyes.  The shape of chick-fil-a fries and the seasonings of popeyes.  The salad sucked! See what happens when I try to eat healthy?  The meat was cooked medium, it had a pretty solid pink center, yet it was dry as a bone, it didn't make sense to me. The lettuce and tomatoes were mushy and not fresh.  I docked a star for the food.  I would definitely stay here again and just get food elsewhere.  I may venture and try something else from their room service menu.
2	Like others that have stayed here recently I also did notice all the construction.  The room was newly remodeled and was fine.  The restaurant provide a good meal.  I am leaving a low rating because the door on my first room leading to the adjoining room would not lock.  I was moved to a new room and the first morning all the water (tub, toilet, and sink) spit out rust colored water.  The staff seemed indifferent to this fact.  Of the 5 elevators for 3 of the days only 1 was operating.  Once construction is completed this is probably a 4 star but not till then.
3	Well, everything was mostly fine.  I've been in nicer Hiltons and crappier Hiltons.  I didn't have much service interaction on our one night here.  Beware the parking situation:  for starters, there isn't anywhere to pull up in front to load/unload/check in.  Also, there is mad construction going on all over downtown, including adjacent to the hotel, so navigation is tricky and street parking is difficult (and metered at most times).  Furthermore, and most irksome, the hotel does not validate for the garage across the street.  This isn't "the hotel garage" per se, but it is the closest option and there is an underground walkway between them.  The good news is that the garage is only $12 for 24 hours over the weekend.The executive lounge was decent--outstanding view, the standard soft drinks, a few snacks including cheeses and vegetables, and some hot hors d'oeurves including meatballs (pass), panko-crusted shrimps (so-so), and some wretched pork loin skewers.  Two little gripes:1.  The room has an HD TV but does not receive any HD channels.  Lame.2.  The bathroom has a sliding door with three reeded-glass panels.  This makes the door about 75% see-through.However:1.  The towels are the best I've encountered in at least a few years--soft and thick and shining white.
1	This was by far the WORST hotel stay I've ever had.  I cannot believe they try to pass this off as a Hilton, let alone a hotel!  Beds were uncomfy, the room temperature was hard to regulate, the coffee was horrible, the food was horrible (I suffered indigestion the entire time I was there) the service was below lacking, AND THE DAMN HOTEL WAS UNDER CONSTRUCTION!Do NOT stay here, people.  I was here on a conference and the irritation was unanimous.  I'm still awestruck at how awful my stay was.
1	As a consulting manager, I am traveling a lot and get to stay mostly in top hotels. This hotel was likely the shabbiest one in its class in the last 3 years. There was a hole in the wall of my room, sleet in front of the reception desk that the busboy watched just standing there for hours, no luggage service, the most unfriendly and grouchy bar staff led by retirees or something, and the list goes on. Stay as far away as you can.
4	May 2010 update, as most reviews here are quite old.I have stayed at several Hilton's and comparable hotels and I will concur with others that there is much worst and much better out there. The lobby and the common areas feel old and outdated, the ATMs were broken and the concierge (a very old Indian guy) could not have cared less about giving me directions. The lighthing is dim and the whole place had a slightly depressing atmosphere.The rooms were fine but minimal. The king bed was comfortable, and the water in the shower had lots of pressure. The walls were incredibly tin. I could hear every single person walking down the hallway, including the staff/cleaning crew yelling stuff at one another from one end of the hallway to the other.On the plus side, it's very well located and easy to walk to from anywhere downtown. There is complimentary internet, and a modern 24h gym (although it's mostly cardio machines: no free weights). But most importantly it's dirt cheap: you can often get this hotel on priceline for under $50 (name you own price), or on Hotwire for $74. In short, sure it's not the best Hilton. If you're looking to have a romantic weekend and feel like splurging, you won't get that feeling at the Pittsburgh Hilton. But if you're looking for something comfortable and cheap while in Pittsburgh for other reasons, this is a great place.Tip: Avoid the hotel's parking as it's ridiculously expensive. There's a outdoor public parking near the intersection of Commonwealth Place and Boulvard of the Allies for $7/day. it's an easy 0.5 block away.
2	Not the best place to stay in Pittsburgh.  The rooms are small and the conceigre lounge has the same food everyday.  They have a shuttle which is good though.
1	I am sure this would be a nice hotel if everything went the way it should have gone considering the relatively reasonable price on Hotwire. However, the staff there seems to reflect that discounted price. We knew we would be arriving late so we called ahead to get let them know that it would be a late check in. We also requested two double beds since there were three people in our group. When we arrived at 12:30 there were three people in line checking in. One person was at the desk working. An HOUR later we had just gotten to the front of the line and found out that we had no double beds after all. We were expected to share a king size bed. Let me again remind you that there were THREE people in our reservation.  We asked to speak to the night manager, who was actually really nasty. He got smart with us and said, "Well what do you want me to do make a bed appear out of thin air?" (Yes, you work at a hotel that's exactly what we want you to do!) He offered us, I kid you not a toothbrush for our troubles.  However, the worst part of all, was that we had to get back in line because he didn't check us in. We finally got in our room (with the king bed) at 2am. One of us wound up sleeping on the floor. As far as the room was concerned. It was ok. They tried to sell us on the fact that it was a corner room but what does it matter when the glass is so frosted over you can't see out of it? Bathroom was clearly for a disabled person and I was kind of grossed out that that shower was on the same level as the rest of the floor. The beds were comfy enough for those of us who actually got to sleep on them. A terrible experience overall.
1	This hotel has the advantage of being in one of the best locations in the city, yet they can't seem to get it together to properly manage the property or take care of their guests.  I had stayed at the Hilton for a wedding this summer, but I was also evaluating it as a possible venue for a work-related event next spring.  My friends and I arrived late on Friday evening, around 2:00 AM and I was going to pull up to the hotel in the semi-circle driveway area to 1.) see if valet parking was available 2.) have my friend get out of the car and check us in.At 2:00 AM there was gridlock in front of the hotel.  Now I will say there was construction so I understand how it may be slightly inconvenient while all that is going on around the hotel.  However, construction had little if nothing to do with this problem.  There were taxis and cars just parked in the middle of the loop drive way area in front of the hotel...they weren't even considerate or smart enough to leave some  room for cars just passing through.  So needless to say we had to sit in our car for 20 minutes b/c the car in front of us refused to move.  I even asked the girl standing outside the car if she could move her car over a tiny bit so I could get through to circle out of the driveway.  She just started screaming expletives and refused to move.  So the clientele that stay at this hotel seem to be real classy as well.  Finally I was able to find parking at a nearby garage.  We checked in and got some sleep.  The next day we had the day to just relax b/c the wedding was in the evening.  I had called before going out to lunch to have the room clean since when they came around in the morning we were still showering and getting ready for the day.  I would say I called at 11:15 AM to get the room cleaned.  We came back around 1:00 PM to find that the rooms were not cleaned, so I called again b/c we were going to be running some errands.  We came back at 3:00 PM to find the room not cleaned.  So before the wedding at 5:00 PM, I called to get the room cleaned and they said they would do it right away (the same thing they said the past 2 times).  Even while at the wedding reception I called to confirm that the room had been cleaned and they told me that yes it was indeed clean.  We arrived back to the hotel around midnight to find our room NOT cleaned.  At this point we knew there was no use in trying to get them to clean the room.  So we called the front desk to request some sheets and towels which they said they would bring up right away.  We called an additional 3 times and surprise, surprise...they never brought the sheets.  This place is a mess of a hotel that can't seem to get anything right.  Simple requests go unanswered and the staff seems like they don't know what they're doing.  They have little concern for customer service.  From what I've heard they recently changed managment, but it seems like that did nothing to change the poor operational management of the place.  Here' s a suggestion, start all over again and try to get it right!
2	Not what I expected for a downtown Hilton. Valet was terrible, executive lounge was dull, walls were thin, dishes stayed on the hallway floor for 3 days. I understand they are still under construction. On the bright side the front desk staff and bellman  were very nice, our room was clean and gym did the job.
3	Just to update you folks, it's now a Wyndham.
