3	There was this guy who worked there awhile back (I'm putting it in the past tense because I haven't seen him in about a year) who was tall, bald and had facial hair reminiscent of Abe Lincoln.  Anyway, that guy was kind of an idiot. He did a lot of mumbling about some stupid band he was in and would practice air guitar while he stood behind the counter. Hello, I'm there to buy toilet paper, not listening to some weirdo wax poetic on lyrics he wrote about flying away on some airplane. I can only imagine what the girl he wrote those lyics about thinks of him. Whatever, dude should have been working and not standing around admiring the flaming guitar heart tattoo on his forearm. I can't think about the Market Basket without associating it with that choad.
2	Have you ever been in a neighborhood market in Madison, and witnessed some idiot come in and basically assault an employee and tell him that having schizophrenia is a "waking nightmare"?  All I can say is, go to the Market Basket.
1	Some guy came in and wanted to buy crack while I was in the Market Basket.  I guess this isn't the Market Basket's fault exactly.  Still, I'd prefer not to shop at the kind of establishment that caters to crackheads begging for change from other customers to buy a 40 of Colt 45 because they "need something to tide them over" at 8:56 PM.
2	Cashier: "S'that it?"Me: "Yep"I live right next to the market basket, so I'm there just about every day.  I don't love the place, but they have an okay beer selection and are starting to bring in some of my favorite local treats.  You'll find most things you'd expect from a convenience store, but Pinkus McBride (another neighborhood store) is better stocked and cheaper. I usually have either a strange or curt interaction depending on who's working...but, hey, this place is convenient and usually has what I'm looking for.
2	To complete my quest for a grocery store a few steps from my apartment, I stopped into The Market Basket on my way home from work. It's a lot bigger than I expected; it also feels bigger than Pinkus McBride Market on Hamilton (see previous yelp review) but not sure if the actual square footage would back me up there. Market Basket is the little grocery store I was looking for -- larger selection and options per item. Milk, bread, cheese, juice, snack foods, frozen pizza, basic cooking items such as olive oil, pastas, beer, and toiletry needs were all available. There was a small coffee bar, too. I was happy that they stocked Malt-O-Meal brand cheap cereal, though it was in a box rather than a bag. Overall, I would say one could do with shopping at Market Basket full-time. It'd be very monotonous eating as well as expensive but when time is money, it's the perfect nearby grocery stop. I give an "A-OK" rating for the fact that in a crunch, I would go there over Pinkus for my grocery needs. But the service was tart, on the edge of annoyance. And I was just paying for my food - pretty standard stuff. In compliance with other yelpers' reviews, I didn't feel comfortable. It was as if I was unwelcome and intruding. I care about where I spend my hard earned money, and honestly, there were no good vibes or spectacular prices to keep me going back on a somewhat regular basis. "Meh. I've experienced better" reflects my overall opinion.
3	The people are always friendly, and I like being able to get cheap coffee. I'm not exactly a connoisseur, but the price is right.
