5	I refuse to shop at any other dept store they have extra 30% off sale merch every once in awhile so those reg priced $400 boots on sale at 25% off are now just $210 I used that nifty calculator feature on this pc :) This location is always getting better clothing lines I love that they actually have a large "Missy" section so that I can dress my actual age and not like a Junior or Grandmother. No other store has sales like them even those Ross (Eww) Marshalls, Last Chance, types of stores cant compare but you dont have to believe me ;)
4	Expensive, but I love their baby clothes.I don't really shop here for myself but I have a baby girl and I love buying her clothes here. Their "starting out" infant line is darling. The prices are better than Gymboree or Gap and just as cute. Excellent quality too. Another plus is that the styles are not "mini adult" but they really look like kids' clothes...I prefer my daughter to look like a little girl as opposed to a miniature woman! They also have a great selection of hair bows for little girls. If you have a little one, check it out!
3	Dillard's is one of my favorite department stores, it really is. And being a man, this is just for the men's section. (That tiny little corner of the store)The selection here...is absurd. Styles from 3 seasons ago...Brands like Affliction and Ed Hardy, really?, I mean...REALLY?! (Both of which are brands traditionally worn by douchebag 20 year old men, for those of you who are fashion-challenged ;) )The Calvin Klein and Murano booths are smallish, though both can have surprising deals and interesting finds! Compared to the Fashion Square facility, the largest Dillard's in America, this location is depressing. But on a positive note, the men's cologne booth here is fantastic, and the employees here are excellent. At every Dillard's I've been to, the customer service is where they go above and beyond.
5	Shoes, and purses, and make-up - o my!Your sales totally RAWK guys!  I mean, seriously - 50-70% off (gotta catch it just right, people) and then, an extra 30% off that?!  I feel like a wild thing, you make my heart sing.OK, now today, the most I found was 40% off - B U T - then there's MAC!  Oooooooo, ya baby.  All that glitters is NOT gold.  (ok, it's the small things...)It was still fun to look at all the purses.... And mark some for future reference.  Hey, I am a patient person.... I stop for red - tags, that is.
5	Limited stock in the labels I was looking for, but great sale going on on the clearance racks - 70% off original prices. DNKY, R Lauren, Eileen Fisher, and more all there. Grace the salesperson was helpful and ready, willing and able to help.
4	Being a large guy and 6'3" makes it sometimes hard to find quality shirts and pants, but Dillard's has a great Ralph Lauren section.  Mind you, they don't necessarily go on sale that often, but they have stock and make it very easy to shop there.  Nice sales people who are helpful make it a plus, too!
4	I am a big fan of Dillard's and its great sale.  Twice a year they put most shoes at 65% off.  It used to be 75% a few years back.  Good all days.  You can find amazing shoes at a bargain.  I got a pair of Coach wedges I've been using like crazy lately.    The dress section is also really nice.  I found a few great dresses for party season.  And the purses, ahh, they have a few good ones on the sale area.  I am trying to curb my purse and shoe addiction, Dillard's is not helping.
4	Nice store, great sales, friendly service people.  Not the most upscale of stores at this blockbuster mall, but vastly better prices.
4	I love Dillards, this location at PV Mall is smaller than the one I usually go to, but it does a decent job still putting out labels in their tiny Contemporary section , just in limited styles and quantities. The shoe department here, as previous reviewers have mentioned, is pretty awesome. This Dillards has a MAC makeup counter which is rad and today I noticed they have a  "The Edge" beauty section. I was immediately attracted to the Too Faced brand displayed on the wall and noticed they also have Studio Gear, Murad, and some Philosophy products as well. This new addition is a big plus as I am always going between Ulta (which is across the street) and here for MAC products. Now I have the brands that I love all in one department store! Go Dillards! The children's and men's departments are rather large and of course they have a junior's and women's section.
4	Don't usually go to Dillard's but it was my mom's birthday and she wanted some shoes...so...Dillard's we went.Seriously, some of the best sales I have ever experienced in my life.  The place was super organized, everything labeled well and the employees were super helpful and nice and my mom is, well, a handful.  Super happy with the selection, sale, help and display.
2	I shop here often the selection can be some what lacking in the men's department. Beyond that this particular location continues to amazes me with there inability to remove security tags. I've been forced to drive back to the store twice in as many visits to have the security tags removed. PLUS the sales staff are all pushy and overbearing. After this last trip I'm returning everything I purchased, I'm tired of having to go back to the store just to have a tag removed considering how over my shoulder the staff was... Basically Dillard's you suck...
4	Dillard's is my favorite department store out there and while its not as big as the store at Scottsdale Fashion Square, this location actually seems to have a better selection of men's clothing. Every time I come here I'm impressed with the choices I find and the service I receive.Plus, like all Dillard's, the prices are reasonable and the sales are excellent.I highly recommend this location.
4	Well I have to tell you I have always had issues with Dillard's customer service.....and that has not changed with this location. I do have to say that at the very least the cashier's are somewhat pleasant but trying to find any assistance here.....FORGET ABOUT IT!!!! So why 4 stars do you ask? Well the deals they have during the holiday season are tremendous....not to mention the quality of the clothing I purchase is fantastic. I am ALWAYS looking for a good deal and high quality products.....and since I can find both here that warrants 4 stars since it is a department store. If they can do this all year around and improve the customer service I can easily give them 5 Stars. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
3	Don't count on them to open on time. Doors are locked and people wait out side for them to open after they are already suppose to be open. If you are trying to get into the mall through them then those doors are locked even longer. When I asked for them to open them I got the look of "that's not my job".
4	I had a particularly good experience while Xmas shopping here last week.  After being ignored in one of the departments, I moved to another department and received exceptional service from a saleswoman whose name has escaped me.  She spent several minutes helping me select the perfect gift.  She then escorted me to another department where I was assisted by yet another helpful and patient employee.  I've received this type of service at high-end stores, but never at a Dillards.  Again, great experience.
