4	Good beers and decent grilled foods make murray avenue a great place for dinner on a friday or satuday night.  The crowd is always a funny mix of strange 'burgh natives, professors, and students which is cool with me.
5	I wanted to add how the good the ahi tuna is.  I love their ahi tuna.  ---------------------------------I had the French Onion soup and a Cheeseburger.  Sounds standard right?  Everyone has that on their menu. Difference is, MAG has the best French Onion soup and cheeseburger around.  I had been wanting to try this place out for a while and one day I finally did.  I was starving when I arrived which made looking at the menu very difficult because they have so many excellent items to choose from that I couldn't decide.  I was craving French Onion soup so I went with that and paired it with a cheeseburger, but I could have easily gotten any number of things from the menu.  Their apps are great, their flatbreads are great, their soups are great but their entrees are where its at.  Crab cakes, filet mignon, pork chops, ahi tuna - if it can be grilled, MAG knows how to do it right.This is one of my favorites restaurants in Pittsburgh.  ps They have a bunch of salads, a veggie wrap and pastas for the non meat-eaters.
4	If you're in Squirrel Hill, avoid the chains and head to the Murray Ave. Grill. Unassuming, affordable and very cozy. If I didn't live across the river in South Side, I could easily see this becoming my neighborhood bar. I wandered in here with a friend on a Saturday afternoon, and had the most delicious black bean burger. My friend highly recommends the Reuben as well - she took half of hers home. Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I'm heading straight here.
5	As it turns out this is pretty much my favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill (except for maybe Silk Elephant). Everything here is good. I have gone here dozens of times with many friends and we are always pleased. Anything you order will be good. They have large and varied salads. The Buffalo Chicken Dip appetizer is one of the best foods I have ever tasted.  They have plenty of vegetarian options. Also the waitstaff, well, I can't get into it online... (seriously)
5	I was so in the mood for a really good cheeseburger today, so I had to go ahead and have one.  This was my day off, but unfortunately not for my friends, relatives or my husband.  Well, maybe fortunately 'cos sometimes I do like to go out for lunch by myself.Anyway, that cheeseburger craving need satisfying and fast!  And nothing from McD's or BK would do either!  I wanted a real burger!  And let me tell you, they have great burgers here!  And the choices of cheese here!  American, Swiss, Provolone, Colby, Jack, Gouda, or Mozzerella!  I went for the Gouda on mine.  They even have sauces, which I didn't try, including an apricot salsa for your burger.The only drawback is the size of their burgers  These bad boys are nine ounces, more than half a pound!  If I'm with a friend, I'll share my burger, but not today!  That's okay.  I saved my fries for my husband Rick.  I think my tummy is going to be digesting that burger until Christmas!
3	Two stars for their overpriced, predictable food. Four stars for their awesome beer selection. The outdoor seating is nice, it's right on Murray Ave. but somehow it doesn't feel like you're just breathing in exhaust fumes all night.I used to live around the corner from this place, and it was a really great place to go when I was feeling flush enough. And it's so much better then the Cage or Silky's!The food is technically upscale bar fare, but half of the food tastes like they bought it from someone else that morning, then reheated it for you. Everything tastes a little dry and a little over processed.
5	Murray Ave is great, the staff is always friendly and willing to help, the food is good and you can't go wrong with their beer selections. They have a good selection of food so anyone can find something they want and enjoy it. This is a true neighborhood place, if you go a couple of times you are going to find the same people dining there again and again, always a good sign.
5	(Imitating Homer Simpson)  Mmmmmm, Murray Avenue Grill, Ahhhh!  I had the day off yesterday, so I went here with my friend Marla.  I had the lunch-sized steak, which was grilled to perfection.  Marla tried the Seared Ahi Tuna salad, which looked interesting too.  But I was in a red meat mood!
5	I go here quite regularly, mainly because of the good selection of food and micro beer. The waiting staff and manager are really friendly, and I have always received top-notch service.The wait can get pretty long during dinnertime (especially on Friday and Saturday). Overall though, an excellent restaurant in the Squirrel Hill area.
4	This place has really great chili and their salads are good, too.  The service is always friendly and although it used to be really smokey, I have heard it is now smoke free.
3	Murray Avenue Grill has a fairly decent menu and the food is consistently "above average."  I have eaten here several times and, honestly, nothing I order is "outstanding" but is always "good."  The atmosphere is that of a local pub, with the bar in the middle of the place.  Many a local go there weekdays and weekends, and usually recognized by the staff.  Servers are extremely friendly and well-seasoned (most having been there for over a year) and will go out of their way to accommodate special requests.  The menu offers a variety of dishes, so everyone can pretty much find something they like.  As far as salads, I would recommend the West Coast Chicken, with cranberries, pistachios and gorgonzola paired with the Raspberry vinaigrette.  (UPDATE:  with the recent pistachio recall, I might avoid for the time being)  For sandwich eaters, I would suggest the bar-b-que beef or their "made to order" burgers.  I've tried a few of their entrees in the past and would suggest any daily fish special.  Don't bother ordering pasta.  They seem pretty lack-luster and can pretty much make the exact same dish at home.
5	Okay, update #2!With the return of some nice weather, my Cousin Cindy and I decided to do some shopping in the neighborhood.  We hit Ten Thousand Villages and a couple of other places.  We hit the Murray Avenue Grill for Sunday Brunch.  Lemme say this:  M.A.G.'s brunch goes beyond your typical eggs, pancakes, and waffles.  Now I played it a little safer, ordering the ahi tuna salad, with grilled tomatoes and mixed veggies.  I did try the pepper parmesan dressing.  Here's a hint if you want dressing on your salad and you want to save calories.  Don't put your dressing on the salad, but rather dip the prongs of your fork in it.  You'll still get the same flavor!Cindy tried something adventurous--the breakfast rueben..  This concoction is corned beef, Swiss, kraut, & 1000 island dressing between two potato pancakes.  Oh yes, with 2 eggs on the side!
3	The food here is generally fine, but I've had some startlingly bad service at times, and was once served a "medium rare" hamburger that was so raw that it literally had white flecks of unmelted fat throughout.  And there's just nothing exciting on the menu at all.  Appetizers are generally good, but expensive for what you get.  I would allow myself to be dragged here without protesting, but I wouldn't choose to go.
4	I always came to Murray Avenue Grill for their happy hour special - which run from 10 to midnight.  Dale's Pale Ale, Bell's Oberon, other draft beers, and mixed drinks for around $3.50 can't be beat.  The food is delicious, but I just wish there were more (and less expensive) appetizers.Desserts are wonderful - especially the cinnamon ice cream (which I've ordered a number of times without whatever should be served with it - I can't even remember now!).
3	As with most places in Pittsburgh I got one hell of a Pittsburgh portion when I ordered my fish sandwich.  And my friend got the equivalent of three turkey club sandwiches in their turkey club.  So in terms of quantity of food they have things covered.I'd say my fish sandwich was borderline generic.  The fish wasnt anything special and the batter was so thick it was soft on the inside and almost underdone.  The fish was on top of a normal nondescript roll with a piece of withered warm lettuce.  The fries were very dark in color but surprisingly soft and ok flavored.  The turkey club was so large it couldn't fit into anyones mouth.  it had to be disassembled and eaten in parts.  other than that the meat was good and moist and the bread was fresh.  There could have been more bacon to balance out the sandwich.  there must have been at least a half pound of turkey on there and only a couple strips of bacon.  The side of potato salad was average.  Not like it came out of a tub, but not like it was something terribly special either.  was a mustard style with some relish.  big chunks of potato.oh, and the mozz wedges were good.  when are they not good?service was great!  glasses never emptied.  quick and attentive.  thanks jake.
4	Murray Avenue Grill is a rare gem.  It is a local restaurant whose owner, Mark, is on site most nights.  I was impressed when Mark remembered my name the second time I visited! The clientele ranges from very young to very old.  They play 50's music, but not too loud.  The food is very good with a good range of entrees.  They have a full bar.  With your bill at the end of the meal you get two small Tootsie rolls.  How unique is that?  I love this place and will definitely visit again when visiting Pittsburgh.  I've eaten there over a dozen times and the food and service are consistently very good. They only take reservations for parties of 6 or more, but I've never had to wait for more than 20 minutes to be seated.  Also, there may be open seats at the bar while waiting, or you can eat at the bar.
2	Eh. Whole experience was lackluster. Server "greeted" us with "Can I get you anything to drink?" No hello or anything. Was pretty apathetic the whole time. We both ordered burgers, took over 20 minutes till they arrived. My Pittsburgh burger was dry and lacked flavor; the bun was twice as big as the burger. Bacon was hard, dry, and tasteless. Fries looked fresh cut but were soggy. Mr. said his was good though, once he added some mayo. Only plus is that the burger was clearly handmade and not some frozen patty.
3	The only thing I've eaten here was a burger, but it was a damn good burger.I got this burger with smoked gouda, mushrooms, bacon, lettuce, and tomato. It was massive and juicy and cooked with a nice red center. I rarely finish a whole burger (I think I just get turned off toward those last few bites when the bun goes flat and the cheese starts to congeal and the lettuce is semi-wilted...you know what I'm saying...) but I completely cleaned it off the plate. Sweet potato fries were excellent albeit a tad salty for my taste.Service was fast and friendly. No complaints about this place, honestly. The menu wasn't anything creative, but it's not trying to be. Simple, good food in Squirrel Hill.
2	We were really disappointed with our food here.  I went in November, so I don't remember details about service and atmosphere, but the one thing I remember vividly was how NOT good the burgers were.  First, they switched mine and my mom's - I like mine rarer than Mom, so since the waitress mixed them up, I was chewing on her more well-done (and subsequently dry) burger until we figured out there'd been a switch.  But even her burger, supposedly medium rare, couldn't save the overall taste. The patties seemed to be nothing more than ground beef - flavorless, no hint of spices or anything.  And dry, not nearly juicy enough.  It's a shame, because we live so nearby and could easily go here often if it was any good.  The specials on the chalkboard outside always sound enticing, but I just shake my head and think it isn't worth trying.  It's probably worse than it sounds.
4	I love this place.  I used to live in Squirrel Hill.  I first started going there as a bar patron, then quickly realized how great the food is.  Their buffalo chicken dip is awesome!  Its pretty great food for a reasonable price.  The bartenders are great too!
3	Decent food, not a lot of vegetarian options. I had a cheese ravioli special, which consisted of 5 huge cheese stuffed pasta pockets baked in marinara and topped with bubbly mozz. Everything tasted good but I wasn't impressed, I could have done that at home. The regular menu is a bit uninspired and kinda run-of-the-mill. Will we be returning? Maybe, when we run out of options.
3	Murray Ave Grill is essentially the only American restaurant in Sq Hill, so they've got you cornered if you just want a steak or salad.  The space isn't bad, but they play '50's music, which just doesn't go with anything in there.  The service is usually nice and attentive. They've got a decent beer selection, and the drinks flow until 2am.  When the weather's nice, there's outdoor seating; and they also have Sunday brunch.
5	You can't beat the burgers here (or any of their sandwiches) and the beer/wine selection is fantastic and constantly rotating.    Also, you can't ask for faster or friendlier service.   I will definitely be frequenting the Murray Avenue Grill.
5	I've been to Pittsburgh twice and on my recent visit decided to check out the Squirrel Hill area, I'd been by there on my last visit and it looked like a good place for good food. Just like NYC one of the biggest dilemas in Pittsburgh is deciding where to eat because there are so many good looking places. Save yourself some time and arguing by taking my advice and come to the Murray Avenue Grill. The fish here is excellent, they use freshwater Atlantic Cod and give you a really big helping. Our waitress was extremely friendly and the dining atmosphere was nice. If I return to Pittsburgh which I hope to do because the city is absolutely amazing , I'll definetely be eating here
4	I like to come here for lunch sometimes. There is a variety of bar/restaurant foods to choose from. I've had a couple of their burgers and their brisket sandwhich, all over which are pretty good, but not outstanding. They are priced very fairly though. I think in the range of $7 - $9. The staff is friendly and laid back. I've never spent a whole lot of time here drinking but from the beer menu the list looks pretty extensive.
3	love the spinach salad with candied walnuts and goat cheese.  i've had their ravioli before too, and that was delicious.  my only major complaint with this restaurant is their bread.  their bread is AWFUL--dry, no flavor, and just crumbles if you get burger, which is why i normally stay away from the burgers and sandwiches.  the little rolls (topped with sesame seeds) they serve with the salads  remind me of the rolls from college salad bars.  they just taste stale.  i REALLY hate their bread.they have dave and andy's ice cream with their desserts, which saves a trip to oakland, always a plus.service is always nice and pretty quick.if they got better bread, i would eat here more often, and eat a wider variety of things on the menu.
4	Four words. Better than Union Grill.
3	A nice cozy place with respect to the environment but other than this nothing impressive. Food selection and imagination is poor, while the ingredients seem not to be fresh at all. Service is decent.
2	What can I say; I just can't get into this place. While I appreciate that there is anything vegetarian to eat at these kinds of places (especially when I don't have a choice in going), grilled cheese gets boring fast. They have that, but it is completely forgettable and the only other items I saw that were in fair play were plain salads and fried thingies (zucchini, mozzarella, fries, sweet potato fries, etc.). This is Squirrel HIll in Pittsburgh, not back-woods West Virginia. I would like to think they could muster up even something as pitiful as a veggie burger from frozen, but no such luck.Most recently I went here during a work lunch with a vendor and the service wasn't the best. Our waiter forgot my drink, forgot sauce for my food, forgot that the girl I was with asked for napkins. Perhaps forgivable things, but that plus a vibe not caring put me off. If you are on a tight lunch schedule, this may not be the place to go. Things came out pretty quickly, but I'm not sure you could be in and out in 30 minutes or less. This restaurant is pretty small and I would definitely not suggest trying to fit a group over 5 people in for a meal.Now, after saying this, I'd like to add a little asterisk: this place probably isn't that bad for non-vegetarians. The food looks good and my work-mate who eats meat loves a few of their dishes. This is one of those reviews that is definitely for vegetarian-eyes-especially.
5	The best brunch in Pittsburgh.  After Doing brunch at about five other places this place really stands out.  The French toast was perfectly done with nutella and fruit.  The scramble was perfectly done as well with the right level of moisture and a hint but not overwhelming amount of goat cheese with a perfectly done potato pancake. The dinner is pretty good too with a solid black bean burger and a memorable fish taco being on the offerings on that menu.Prompt and attentive but not pushy wait staff round out this review.  One of my favorite restaurants in the burgh!
4	Good breakfast and brunch, mediocre dinner and apps.  Avoid the Pamela's breakfast crowd and walk across the street to Murray Ave. grill.  Their breakfast lineup is solid, and as long as you aren't looking for the famed Pamela's pancakes, your breakfast needs will be satisfied.
4	They offer cupcake wine. Which I love and can never find anywhere! This local small restaurant is busy which means the food is fresh. The staff is friendly and you can see they like where they work. I'm from out f town but the amount of people that they knew by name and remembered what they liked to order made me realize I picked well. I sat at the bar and only had the red pepper hummos. I finished it all. It was a bit spicy and was delicious. I did eye a woman eating the ribs and they looked great. Her plate was empty when I looked back again. Clearly she liked her meal. What I love about this area of Pittsburgh is the choices. And so far I've yet to be disappointed in where I've gone. There is limited seating but they do offer some outside seating which is really great for summer. I'll be here again when I'm in town next!
4	They have good burgers for a nice price, and I really like their sweet potato fries.  Everything we've tried is always well cooked, hot, and tastes good.  The service is wonderful. We've always had a good experience.
4	It had been a long day of driving for me and I was craving something meaty.Thank goodness for Murray Avenue Grill!!I had a blue cheese bacon burger that really hit the spot.Add a beer and I was well on my way to relaxation.Our waitress knew a fair amount about beerwhich was nice when I was looking for suggestions.Prices weren't too bad, but maybe just a tad high by a dollar or two.
4	Many meat free options surprisingly. Mediterranean wrap was delicious with a side of sweet potato fries.
2	Went to Murray Avenue Grill to hang out with friends and grab dinner.Had wine to drink (since their beer selection didn't hold anything of interest to me and I wasn't feeling hard liquor... although they do serve it) and a chef salad for dinner.Nothing at all about this meal was particularly memorable- nothing stood out as really terrible and deserving of being called out, but nothing at all was special.  The salad was just a salad and the service was okay but again, not memorable.Murray Ave. Grill isn't someplace that I'd suggest to return to because honestly?  I wouldn't remember it even existed.
4	I love the Pittsburgh-style salads here (delicious shoestring fries on them), and the service is quite good. There's not a big wine selection by any means, but the 6 - 8 bottles they offer would accommodate a nice range of palates. I'd recommend going for lunch, or going to the late-night happy hour (10 - midnight) and grabbing some sliders on their awesome little pretzel buns.
5	Service staff is kind and knowledgable. Good mix of food on the menu. Great beer selection, truly I am just sitting here like a kid in a candy shop ordering all my favorite beers and having my girlfriend try them (she is not a big beer drinker). Definitely recommend coming down on a lazy Sunday.
5	This place is just perfect.  The menu changes frequently, I've eaten here dozens of times, and I've never had anything bad on the menu.  The burgers are solid, the salads are good (if strangely priced), the soups are tasty and the deserts are divine. The draft list is small, but I've always found a beer to my liking.  And the service is always just perfect.
4	One of our favorite staple restaurants for good American style food done right.  It is essentially a neighborhood bar with some tables to eat, but they put much effort and thought into having a menu that utilizes grill vs deep-fried and fresh ingredients.  The service is always decent, and the food always good.  Try the smoked brisket, its the best!
5	Been going there for several years.  Love the neighborhood feel and the friendliness of the proprietor, Mark.  My wife's favorite is the Salmon Burger.  I have to try to convince her to order anything else.  I love their ribs and their burgers.  Prices are reasonable.  Service is good and food is very good.
4	My husband and I come here fairly often. I love that this is a low key restaurant where we can get good food at an affordable price. His absolute favorite is the salmon burger and mine is the cobb salad without cheese. I highly recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhood looking for a low key place to eat. One thing to keep in mind: If you order steak, they tend to cook their meat a little bit more on the rare side.
2	Seriously, yelpers, how does this place have such a high rating? Bland, boring, blah: three words for the Murray Ave Grill. On a positive note, if you're big into 80's one hit wonders, this establishment plays 'em all. Service was okay, but not great. The menu was unnecessarily difficult to navigate. Salad was okay, nothing special (two olives and two cherry tomatoes), but at least it was field greens and not just iceberg lettuce. My dining companion's fish special was swimming in butter and had bones all through it, and my crab cakes were greasy and bland. I had to salt everything to even get an ounce of flavor out of it. This was my first trip to Murray Ave Grill, and I have a strong suspicion it will also be my last. I'm hardly sad about that.
5	Great food for an awesome price
3	The biggest advantage of this place is that it's right in front of my office! Other than that, it's just average. The salads are good but not great. The sandwiches are less than average. The French onion soup is excellent but overpriced! Service has been great every time I've been there, and I like that they have a couple of tables outside in a little patio!
4	The food is great and the waitstaff always polite and friendly. Sitting up near the window at night is perfectly cozy. Late drink specials are a nice bonus. My only tiny issue is that I wish they offered more vegetarian options...I love the pastas and toppings-loaded veggie burger, but I would love to try something new. No matter, I do enjoy going there and would recommend it to others
4	This is one my favorite little places because it has such a neighborhood/family vibe. The menu selection is good, and the beer selection is pretty varied.Last time I came here, I got the salmon burger, which was better than I expected! It was super moist and the bun didn't get soggy. The red pepper sauce or whatever it was (I can't quite remember) was really perfect for the salmon. I got a side of asparagus...which was limp and not very fresh. Sad because I love asparagus. But that's ok.My friend got the beef brisket because I basically forced him. The beef brisket here really is one of the BEST sandwiches I've ever had. It is so freaking good. So big. And did I mention so freaking good?The fries are almost always over-salted. Such a disappointment because I LOVE THEIR FRIES. Perfect thickness, always crispy, but come on, guys--ease up on the salt please!Continue being super chill, Murray Ave Grill!
4	Murray Avenue Grill has been a Squirrel Hill staple for many years.  They have great lunch specials, and they often have a wait for dinner, but we've never been discouraged from the dinner because they always keep everything calm.  Never felt rushed, the employees don't seem particularly overwhelmed, and despite being small and crowded, the restaurant never seems overly loud.  The good, is American with a kick.  Everything they make they do well.  They often keep things fresh with great and interesting specials.  The smoked brisket sandwich is a personal favorite, but I've never had anything bad.  They make a mean burger as well!
4	The burger is good, and the beer is cold. That's really all you need to know. I've ate her about five times and NEVER had a bad meal or bad service. Note that this place is small and fills up quickly. If you go around dinner time on a Friday or Saturday, you may have to wait up to thirty minutes to get a table. Tables can fit a group of four people max.
3	I enjoyed the dinner I had here - the pumpkin ravioli with grilled asparagus was delicious. I also appreciated the reasonable portions. I felt the price was a bit too high though. A decent place and would recommend to others if you are tired of all the Asian type food in Sq Hill.
5	I have not been here in a decade and the place was dramatically different then last I went.I was very impressed with the food and the service.We had a capresse flat bread for an appetizer which is very good and enough for two.We also each had a burger.  Mine was  a perfect medium rare. The server was very good and the decor is nice and comfortable. I can't recommend this place highly enough
4	I've always passed Murray Avenue Grill, but never decided here for dinner for some reason. So, when it was my decision to pick a nice restaurant for Valentine's Day, I decided on MAG since none of us have tried it. They did not take reservations but the girl on the phone informed me that the wait wasn't too bad, but I could also call when on my way (i forgot! lol) We walked in and were told that it'd be a half hour wait for our party of 4. It actually only took 2 minutes because someone left right afterwards. The host was super friendly! Wow, that guy needs to take his friendliness to the next level (serving!) MAG offered the regular menu as well as a Valentine's Day menu (score!) The V-day menu consisted of entrees of steak w. crabmeat & asparagus, lobster, steak & lobster, ribs or burger & fries. Bobby and I each decided on the steak & lobster. I know many have already explained, but MAG has GREAT steak! I almost asked the server for steak sauce until I tasted how juicy & flavorful the steak was! The lobster was even better. We've had lobster at another restaurant, but MAG's was flawless (in fact, a man at the table across from us stopped over to ask how good the lobster was) I ordered the steamed veggies as a side &  Bobby had the asparagus- which by the way he said was the 2nd best asparagus he's had. (Don't worry, I informed him it's a little weird to have a top 5 asparagus list) Our friends ordered the rib entree & another ordered the burger & fries. All looked delish and everyone said it was a good decision to come here! For dessert, my friend & I split the chocolate cake. Do yourself a favor and choose that as your dessert. It literally knocked our socks off! So our v-day dinner was great. The only awkward part was the server. She seemed on the debbie-downer side, which flipping lasted our entire meal. When we asked what was wrong, she said that it was a slow night, partly because no regulars we there. Server Etiquette 101: dont inform new patrons at your restaurant that you miss your regulars.. especially on Valentine's Day when we're about to have a $150 table bill. Part of me wished the happy-go-lucky host could've been promoted at that moment to our server. The food made up for it though! I'm excited to head back here in the Spring to enjoy the outdoor seating.
5	This place is incredible! Chrissy was our server, and she was an awesome host. She helped us decide on what to order, and her suggestions were perfect. Hubs and I started with the Roasted Red Pepper Hummus, and wow(!) it was good. Not spicy, but it danced on your tongue. (I know that sounds weird, but trust me.) The pita was grilled perfectly, and nice and warm. I had a NY strip steak, with Yukon gold potatoes. The steak melted in my mouth!! The potatoes were great too, nice crispy skin, and a good change of pace. Hubs had the Fried Fantail Shrimp, it was crispy and their tartar sauce tasted homemade. We also shared the Burnt Almond Torte for dessert.  (Yes, I have soo many to go boxes right now, haha) it was ex-quis-ite.  Just save room. So good.
4	Great food, great atmosphere and maybe the best sweet potato fries in Pittsburgh. I'm not a fry girl, but I can't help but smuggle them from my friends' plates. Their salads are decadent and delicious, and their wraps are made to impress. I do think they can be overpriced on some items, but the quality and accommodating staff make up for it.
3	Was OK but was not overly impressed. I had the cheeseburger which was supposed to be their big thing. It said 8 oz but seemed a lot smaller than that. Good quality meat and well cooked but had this huge bun that over powered the burger. Basically this is a small bar with some tables and booths, not really a full restaurant layout but they seemed to have a good crowd for a Thursday night.
5	My fiance and I went there yesterday after getting the cold shoulder from Hough's in Greenfield. We were pleasantly surprised.The host was attentive. He seated us promptly outside.The server was on top of it. She had our drinks and food out quickly.The food was wonderful and the beer/drink selection was unique. The prices were reasonable too for the quality of food provided. We both had one of their specialty burgers. The burgers were cooked as requested and the sweet potato fries were crispy and delicious.  I will definitely be returning to this restaurant again.
4	Excellent food, decent beer selection, and a very friendly staff. I've eaten here at least 6 times, and haven't been disappointed. My favorite item here is the lump crab cakes. How a crab cake should be! Burgers are very good too.
4	Good food at good prices, the Murray Avenue Grill is a great traditional Squirrel Hill restaurant.  Pretty run of the mill American food... burgers, crab cakes, different salads, and traditional specials.  I've never had a meal that I didn't like.  The location is great - right across from the Manor Theater.  A perfect spot for date night after the movie.  One thing they do exceptionally well is their desserts!    They aren't made in house but, if they don't have a pastry chef, that's probably a smart move.  Plus, they buy local.  Try Prantl's famous almond torte!  It's the perfect end to a delicious meal.
2	I've been here three times over two summers (2013 and 2014), and only had received good food once. The first time around (July 2013) I had the Grilled Chicken Panini, which was incredibly soggy from the pesto and cheese. One week ago I had a Reuben, and while it was pretty solid, it also wasn't anything particularly special.Yesterday I ordered the "Famous" Salmon Burger, and it came in around 3-5 minutes. Huge red flag; it was very obviously frozen. Extremely bland, not fresh (smelled far too fishy for fresh salmon), just meh. The roasted red pepper mayo wasn't that great, either.The fries are alright, though they're extremely greasy.I could see this place succeeding if the food was cheaper, but the prices here are absolutely outrageous for the quality of food.
4	Good food, good atmosphere, pleasant staff.
4	Went here for dinner on Friday with my mom. Food was very good, but not great. I had the mahi mahi taco, which was good- but a little plain. My mother had the fried haddock sandwich, which again was good - but plain. We also had mojitos (which were great), as well as their apple dumpling. Also, I had a few of my mother's French fries and they were amazing. I noticed that everyone seems to get salads there - so the next time I go, I will try their salads!
5	The prices on the menu outside almost scared me off, but they were just dinner specials. I ended up getting the canons burg burger, being a fan of buffalo sauce and bleu cheese. It was the best bleu cheese burger I've had in my life. And the fries- they give you so many fries, you have to dig out your burger from under them. All for a price of about $11. I was very impressed, will recommend to friends, and plan to come back.
4	I came to Murray Avenue Grill for my birthday brunch a few months ago, and I was impressed.  My friend and I had been hoping to go to Pamela's, but when the wait was two hours, we decided to try here out.  There was no wait on a Sunday morning around 10:30.  I've yet to try Pamela's, but I don't think I'll ever make it there since this is right across the street!How do you start brunch on your birthday?  With a birthday mimosa, of course!  The mimosa was delicious and not terribly priced.  From there I moved to a massive breakfast burrito, covered in tomatoes.  I couldn't quite finish the whole thing, but I took it to go and ate it later.  I definitely would order it again.  My friend ordered steak and eggs, and the steaks were a really nice size for the price.The wait staff was friendly, and I cannot wait to come back here to try out the lunch and dinner menus!
2	Read rave reviews for the burger, so we tried it. Just ok, could have more flavor. Sweet potato fries were limp and soggy too. The wait was also really long, but it's more because it's a small restaurant I think. I guess it's sort of the only burger joint in Squirrel Hill, but I think i'd go somewhere else instead.
5	Stopped by for a drink and a late bite to eat.  My companion and I ordered brisket chili and the Pittsburgh salad.  Food came out extremely quick and both dishes were fantastic.  Service was fantastic and prompt as well.
5	This place is the best place to eat in the area, hands down! The wait staff is nice and patient, the food is delicious and they have perfected the art of seasoning food (salmon is perfect, as are the fries). I rarely ever write yelp reviews but this place is just that wonderful. Also their plentiful selection of beers is hard to beat. Thank you for a great and seamless dining experience.
5	this is my favorite restaurant in Squirrel Hill. It's always easy to get a table in the food is always excellent. After trying many things on the menu Iknow stick with the fish sandwich.  The fried pickles as fried mozzerrella are my favorites appetizers.  For dessert a slice of Prantls with Dave n Andy's ice cream always hits the spot.
