4	Found the truck behind a business one day and had a lil rumblin going on in the tummy region so I decided to give it a try. I ordered the southwest chicken panini with the chips. For $6 I got a large sized to go box with some decent homemade chips and a sandwich wrapped in foil that was about the same size and weight of a brick. The sandwich really caught me off guard with the first bite. The seasonings and the chipotle sauce were spot on. Good spice to it and a balanced contrast with richness of the cheese and bacon. Pretty good hunk of chicken on it and big enough I ate half and saved the other half for lunch the next day (which was still good cold.) The chips were chips. Not to salty not to much going on but a good crunch to go with the sandwich. I was impressed by the quality and amount of food I got for $6. The crew inside seemed pretty cool as well. Next time they're in the area I will go back fo sho.
5	Charlie's Lunch has the best sandwhiches in Vegas! I have tried every one of them thanks to the Saturday night food truck events at Tommy Rockers. For 6 bucks you can't even begin to try to find quality food to even come close to theirs. The flavors of each unique sandwich are incredible and will take your taste buds for a pleasant ride. I suggest the eggplant panini. It's is fantastic. If you ever see this truck make sure to stop by, you won't be sorry.
4	Charlie's Lunch Truck used to come within walking distance of my office every Wednesday.  They have not been around in a while.  Why, Charlie?  Why?Their paninis are good.  Very good.  My boss said the rueben was one of the best sandwiches she had ever had.  Not even best rueben.  I'm talking about the best sandwich of any kind any where.  Is it really?  Probably not.  Though it is darn good.  More on that later.I first tried the eggplant sandwich. Grilled onion, cheese, red pepper aioli, and of course the eggplant.  It was all good.  The onions were maybe a little overcooked but still full of flavor.  The aioli was incredible.  It was a nice departure from the typical marinara on an eggplant sandwich.On my next excursion I tried the rueben.  Wow.  It really is very good.  A hefty serving of meat and cheese with a mild kraut and perfectly grilled.  Big on flavor.  No doubt about that.  It quickly became my sandwich of choice.  I did try one of the chicken sandwiches once.  It was good too but nothing compared to the grilled delight that is a rueben panini.  Also something worth trying, the fries.  I usually get the chips because there is no extra charge.  But the fries are like a drug.  They are so addicting.  I love all the garlic.  You taste it for hours after.  Seek them out and give Charlie's a try.
4	This review is past due. I tried Charlie's Lunch at Streats. The eggplant panini was fantastic. I enjoyed it so much, I went back and got the balsamic tomato and my brother got the chicken pesto. All were simply delicious. Great flavors, fresh and sturdy. I hate when a sandwich disintegrates or implodes as you eat it.As a matter of fact, I could really go for one right now.
