3	I came for a massage on the introductory $39 deal & the person I had was ok but shorted me by 15 mins.  I told the receptionist who talked to the mgr by phone (since I was there near close) so they said I could return to have another experience with a different therapist @ that same (lower member) rate.  I think that situation definitely could've been handled differently but I did return & had an awesome massage with the next therapist.  So, I joined since I was impressed but gave a lower rating d/t the overall bungled initial handling.
3	Thinks they are good, try and push their membership everytime when I don't want it.  Many therepists I have had are great except one who did a weird chopping thing that hurt on me but stopped when I told her. When I became pregnant and went into for prenatel I was told they don't have many therepists that are comfortable doing pre natel so it was much more difficult to get an appt then.  However when I do go in ask for Eddie he is awesome and spends so much time and makes the whole expierence about you and what you enjoy with a massage.  He will do whatever to make you comfortable ie...he got me four pillows and let me switch sides three different times during my massage.
3	$39 for a massage. NOT BAD. Beware though, this is just an introductory rate. After that, you will either have to join their "massage club" for $59 a month or if you do not want to get the membership.. pay $79 (go somewhere else!). The massage was decent. My therapist tended to talk more than I wanted him to but I fell asleep for 10 minutes so that helped! I did feel relaxed but I wish I went somewhere where I didn't have to figure out excuses on why I don't want to join.
4	I can't speak for every Massage Envy,  but my therapist at this particular location is named Kristi and she does an awesome job at finding the right spots on my shoulders and upper back and dig.  She does a great job at breaking up the knots and helping to alleviate the pain from working at a desk, being in meetings all day, and doing homework all night!  I feel so relaxed after my appointments with her and I've only had her massage me twice!  The customer service here is nice too.  Of course these Massage Envy places are going to try and sell the membership to anyone that comes in for the intro offer.  Duh!  Let's be real here guys.  If you come here, try Kristi!  She's great!
4	Been here twice already, had two masseuse and both were awesome. They also gave me a good deal on the membership since my friend that recommended me lives on the same apartment complex. Would recommend this place look for joseph or mark both do really good deep tissue.
2	Nice facility but massage therapist tend to be below excellent at Massage Envys, for every good massage I must endure 4 - 5 well below excellent massages.
2	One of the most annoying massage experiences I've had.The main problem with Massage Envy is that their membership sales pitch is so invasive and, well, "sales pitch-y," that it ultimately detracts from the actual relaxation of the massage! They don't seem to understand I'd rather pay once for a massage then get a membership and be forced to pay monthly (while really not garnering any big benefits from the deal). They also have ridiculous cancellation policies/fees and even tried to push "aromatherapy" massages to me over the phone as I was initially booking. I caved in, but it was NOT worth the money. My masseuse simply used a scented lotion to massage me., without utilizing the aroma in any way as a enhancement of soothing therapy. When my friend and I arrived and asked to be in the same room, they refused saying they were "booked up"...and that next time we'd have to book a couples' massage... but then later I was assigned a room with an empty bed next to mine! By then I was over it, and didn't bother to insist my friend rejoin me.The massage in and of itself was OK - but I've had a LOT of massages in my life and this doesn't even rank in the top third. In the beginning the masseuse tended to talk more than I would have liked even though when filling out the prelim "custom massage" paperwork I went to the trouble of mentioning that I like therapists who are quiet. I felt like though she verbally pointed out bad/knotty spots on my back and shoulders, but didn't really seem to pay extra attention or care to those areas. Although a recent collarbone injury somewhat inhibits the normally intense strength I like my massages to have, this just didn't seem too adequate at all.My friend, on the other hand, says her massage was excellent, so if you do find yourself at this establishment, ask for Raphael. Overall, a decent massage for the intro price, but a very aggravating sales pitch/process and sub-par customer care and service. There are plenty of other places for me to check out without going back to Massage Envy.
