5	Excellent toy store.  My kids love to go in and play  while I am shopping. This is where I will be doing most of my Christmas shopping!
5	This place is super cool.  I found out about it on yelp as part of a quest to find an independent toy store.  It's tucked away in a strip center behind a Wendy's in Chandler, but totally worth the drive!I spent way too much on Christmas for my nieces (1 and 7) because there were so many awesome things!  They even had toys I remember from 20 years ago that I had thought would not be around any more.Really a wide variety of toys from science and educational to arts and crafts to infant stuff.  I am totally going back there whenever I need a gift.  They do free wrapping and have friendly, helpful and knowledgeable staff!
5	Brilliant Sky is an excellent childrens toy store. But, its not only a toy store. On mondays and tuesdays around 10:00am or so, the also have story time, arts and crafts, face painting and puppet making. This is an excellent place to bring your kids to hang out and let them run around. The rule is that you can play with any toys that are on the floor. All the kids have a blast! The people at this store are super nice. When you first enter the store, it may seem a little overwhelming because of so many toys, everywhere! But, take a deep breath and slowly make your way around. You will thoroughly enjoy being there. The kids also like the fish tank they have in the back. I love supporting local businesses and this one fits the bill.
2	Recently there have been major changes to this store which has made it just like the big box stores and there is no uniqueness left here for me to feel comfortable to leave it at five stars.Last two times that I have gone to this store, I literally had two or three people ask me over and over if I needed help. I explained that I was there to just spend time for their Tuesday baby-time and one of the ladies was like, oh, the book reading already got done with and stared at me. They kept pushing new toys, etc on me and I really felt uncomfortable. I even mentioned it to another friend who concurred. I did end up buying things that I was already going to buy but they wouldn't stop there. The cashier lady kept showing me new things even though I was ready to check out. They also now carry a really limited amount of toys. They have stopped carrying a lot of toys that I went back to purchase to gift to other families. The manager did not even offer to special order them or anything. I can of course get the same toys at amazon.com for a lot cheaper and free shipping but I thought I would support the local business. Whatever. A few days later, I found out from a different friend that apparently they have had the baby-time abused by some parents(stolen items) and they are not doing it anymore, or only doing the book reading. They DO NOT allow your child to play with the toys anymore and if by chance your little one pulls a toy off the shelf, they ask you to put it back up. Ouch. I do that anyway but sometimes if you are chasing a toddler, its hard to keep up with all that. Other moms were complaining and felt offended when asked to do so. Bottom line: I am no longer shopping here. I will go to Buy Buy Baby or Lakeshore Learning Center instead.
5	This is a small toy store located in a strip mall in Ahwatukee off the I-10 on Chandler Blvd. I've been there many times and never fail to find the perfect, unique gift I'm looking for. They have activities for the kids and caregivers like bilingual story time, art classes, magic classes etc. Today they had Sesame Street Day, kids could do art projects and take their picture with Elmo. Plus, they had sales throughout the year!  I'm constantly looking for Spanish books and toys for my son and while they don't have a huge variety at least they carry some.  Even though it's a small store it carries a pretty big variety of toys, so it can get overwhelming, but once you get use to it, it's pretty fun to browse. If you bring your little ones they have open toys for them to play with. The staff is very nice and helpful and they'll wrap your gifts for free.
4	I was shocked at another review that said the sales people were pushy and rude. I had quite the opposite experience and have found my new place to shop for unique toys. I went to Brilliant Sky because they had a few guest artists doing portraits and silhouettes. When we walked in the door we were greeted by a gentleman who was very kind and whom directed us to the corners of the store where the artists were. Did I mention he was very cute! Nice eye candy for the moms! :) We spend over 2 1/2 hours in Brilliant Sky today. Less than 1/2 hour was used for pictures, the rest of the time my 5 year old and my friends 2 year old played. They had a great time! My 5 year old played with puppets that were on the shelves, the 2 year old emptied a bin of Frisbees and lined them all up on the floor, I accidentally dropped a shelf full of toys on the ground, and no one said a thing. They were very kind and friendly, always talking to the kids and smiling at them. The staff was very helpful in finding me age appropriate toys that would teach the 2 year old colors, and no one ever told the kids they weren't allowed to touch or play with stuff in the store. I was very impressed, so much so, that I will drive from S. Scottsdale to Brilliant Sky every time I am looking for a unique toy. It was a lot of fun for all of us. I ended up walking out of the store with over $75 worth of things. Not too bad considering the quality of toys that I got. I did take my time shopping and I only bought the toys that I felt were reasonably priced, but I am very happy with my selections. They are a bit pricier than Amazon, but I feel that it is worth the extra fee to have my child try it out first. I did only do 4 stars because of the cost of things, but I am a big fan of Brilliant Sky now. I found it very cool that they hand out customer cards (similar to grocery stores) and for every purchase you make you get points (I believe it is based on the amount of toys you purchase) and for every 30 loyalty points you get $15 off. There return policy is limited. 60 days with a receipt if the item has not been opened or is defective.
4	This is THE go-to resource for parents when shopping kid toys, located just off I-10 on Chandler Blvd. They have an amazing selection of toys and books, and specialize in "real" toys - wooden, classics, imaginative play, learning, science kits, etc. They can be a bit pricier than some other toy stores, but they often have great sales (especially their annual anniversary blowout) and their selection and offer awesome customer service definitely have me come back again and again. As a parent of a super girly 5 year old, I never quite know what to buy for little boys or older kids. Their staff never fails to make great suggestions for fun toys that fall within my price range. I also love that they have lots of great items out for display so you can see first-hand how they work, or let your little one test it out. Truly a local gem!
4	I was here a month ago for the first time. Great store full of fun toys and books. Huge selection. A few fun toys set up as demo. Very sad to hear this placed is now closed. Just heard this today :(
4	Yelp left this fake review under my name. Lame. Don't live in az and never been here in my life. Had to edit this post
