5	How can I not give a toy store a 5 star review?  Just wish I was a kid again. Watching my kids enjoy this place is almost good enough for me!!!  Just wish toys in general were not so hard on my pocketbook.
2	Big selection of toys for kids. Place was kinda run down, looked like it was built 40 years ago. Lots of people. Bought a train set for the Xmas tree, didn't work so returned it no problem. Bought a diffrent one that works sometimes, there is a note on the control that tells you when it doesn't work to stick a screwdriver in it like so... Why would anyone sell/make that? Quality of toys is low. Price is decent.
3	I went back this past weekend (my youngest received a gift card for her birthday and REALLY NEEDED a pair of roller skates)...I was pleasantly surprised that the store was super well stocked. Maybe I should have given the store a second chance (so I added a star) but I believe in first impressions. I will be back.ORIGINAL:I don't understand how a toy store that prides itself (or used to) on being a superstore, can have so many empty hooks and shelves. The store wasn't busy so it's not like it was being shopped like crazy. There were no employees to be found on the floor and it's not like they were all working an overnight to stock the shelves. If I was a dishonest person, I could've shoplifted the shit out of the store (can I get in trouble for saying that?)My cashier was pleasant, so that was nice. I'll shop online from now on.
4	We like to go to this store just to walk around and kill an hour.  It is so large and has so much stuff that it's fun just to try to take it all in.  I can barely pull my son away from the train table that they have setup!  Anytime I have to buy a toy I'd prefer Toys R Us over any other store.  They have a great selection and always have deals.  We also have a rewards card and end up getting money and discounts back from that as well.  I recently tried their in-store pick up and that worked out really well.  We purchased the items online and then in the store there is a kiosk where you just enter your information and an associate meets you there with your items.  I loved that this was on its own and not part of the customer service counter since that place is always busy.  I was there again today buying items from a baby registry through Babies R Us.  The customer service rep was able to pull up the registry and print it off for me.  It was sorted first by what items they had in store...complete with the exact aisle I would find the item in!  It was a piece of cake to locate the items I wanted to purchase.  Checking out was quick and easy too.  All they had to do was scan 1 bar code at the top of the registry and the register did all the rest.
3	Over priced but they have exclusives so you gotta go right.....I did appreciate the sale they were having tho. It was actually cheaper than Walmart.
1	This place is really run down. It's a lot smaller than any other toys r us I've been to. I went there because it said there was a babies r us there...that was a mistake. There was no selection for anything.they may as well not have even wasted their time adding "babies r us".
5	All prices were clearly marked. All shelves were stocked. Layaway was very quick & simple to use. All questions I had were answered. The employees were very helpful.
5	Found all the toys advertised for Black Friday, no hassle, no fighting lol. Plus of you are a rewards member extra points! Glad I didn't bring the kids with me shopping we would have been here forever! Parking was a little scarce but what do you expect for the busiest shopping day of the year?The staff were friendly and helpful, they were busy stocking shelves and made sure the store didn't look bare, glad we came here today! Will be back in the future!
2	This location could use an update,  it's pretty run down.  I do appreciate their selection of toys are better than Wal-Mart and target but I do know that they're bigger stores elsewhere.  In the EV this is the best we have.
1	Customer service is garbage they don't care they work at a toy store an have horrible attitudes wish there was a way to have their corp contact me...
1	Bought my son the 18" hot wheels bicycle for his 6 yo birthday 10/15/2014.   They said they would assemble it for free, done by the next day. When I got it home my son started riding it, and the wheel fell of and my son fell face first into the street.  Upon inspection, I found all of the bolts to be finger tight, and the front forks were backwards.   It was assembled so poorly it felt like one of the teenage workers was trying to pull a prank on us.  The problem is my son is now scared of the bike after his crash scabbed his face.  If you purchase a bicycle, just make sure you inspect it very well.
4	Great selection, tons of toys! A bit overpriced but a great selection!
2	I don't even want to spend anymore time thinking about this store.  Only reason I'm writing this review is to make aware of the awful and unpleasant customer service.  If you don't mind waiting ridiculous amounts of time waiting to be helped then this is your place.  Otherwise spend your money elsewhere where fast service is a priority.
5	What a great selection of toys!! A lil pricier than other stores but the selection is amazing. Makes me want to buy some toys!!
