1	Sonora Quest Laboratories located on Frye Road in Chandler AzWhere do I begin the communication with clients is poor. i began going to this lab since January and I don't think there has been a month of no problem service. One month I choose to not go just to avoid getting upset....again.They have given me blood work not once but twice that my Dr. never ordered and I had to pay for it.They had double billed me for a test.Every month I go for testing they cannot find my orders even though my Dr. has given them monthly orders for 6 months at a time.And today was the last straw even though they gave me blood test for July, Augustthey said they had no orders to draw my blood cause they expired in June. I had resubmitted new orders in May but THEY LOST THEM!!! They instead denied they ever got them upon which I informed them they drew blood illegally cause my work was drawn and my results were given to my Dr. and  I have copies for  myself. for months after June.Let's face it we all make mistakes  but to make a way of working out of it is just plain  incompetence.
3	Couldn't get an appointment online, so we just showed up right when they opened.  Despite not having an appointment, and a steady stream of people, they took the bloodwork order and got us taken care of within about 20 minutes.  Staff was hurried, but professional.  The technician who did the draw was efficient and accurate (i.e. go the vein first try).
3	Very hard to locate in this complex.  There are no signs directing you here.The front office staff was nice, but very cold and short with people, not just me.  The gal taking the blood was the most bland person I've ever met.  No facial expression, no small talk, no "how are you doing today?".
4	I believe this is a new location first of all. It is in the same general location as the old one though?In any case the front desk girls were helpful and quick to get us signed up despite being a walk-in. I am not sure how much faster it would be with an appointment but im guessing that they fit you in as they can around the appointments.  All the appointments online were full.
