3	Yay!  I am so happy that an America's Taco Shop has opened up in Old Town.  It is right on Goldwater and 1st Ave, which is conveniently walking distance to my work. A friend and I went there for tacos at lunch today and since it was the first day of their soft opening we got our lunch for free!  The service and food were great and so I know I will be back.They seem to have pretty much the same menu as the other locations and the quality of the food was just as good as well.  The restaurant itself is pretty spacious, it looks like the building was formerly a house since there are many rooms instead of one big dining area.  The best part is the large "backyard" area.  They didn't have all the patio furniture set up yet but I hope they will take advantage of the grassy lawn and put some seating under the shade of the large mature trees.  It looked really lovely back there.  I can't wait for it too cool down a little more so we can sit outside next time and it looks like a nice spot for happy hour, too.Only problem is the parking, since it is across from Arcadia Farms who has commandeered most of the street parking for their valet service.  But we were able to find plenty of open spots on Main St, just one block south.
5	Yummy, Wow oh Wow.   Great tacos, burritos, corn on the cob, guac and don't forget the FLAN.   Long drive but worth it.   New location is awesome.
4	Ordered takeout from here the other night and I was impressed.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating. We added a change to our takeout order when we got there and they quickly fixed us up.  They have a cool outside area that seems like it would be fun to hand out and have a beer and a taco when they get it all finished up.My Bean Burrito "Terry's Style"  was really good,t hey have very good tortillas and they have excellent guacamole.I'll be back by when I am on that side of town.Try:- Bean Burrito "Terry's Style"- Chips and Guacamole
5	Atmosphere, food, and location, this place has it all! If you are looking for a low key Mexican food restaurant in Scottsdale with excellent food this is your place!!! I will be frequenting this spot!!
3	went here yesterday for dinner had the special 4 chicken tacos for 6.95 they were good i also ordered a side of beans which were ok no chips are served with the side of beans or in general unless ordered as a side as well
4	very cute shop inside an old house in oldtown.  clean comfy atmosphere, beautiful patio.  service was friendly and efficient.  Drawback: no fountain sodas or fresh brewed iced tea...all cans.  expensive cans. $1.50 for can of diet coke.  however, they do serve beer and tquila.  The best chips and salsa i have ever had.  i could eat the salsa with a spoon as a meal.  it was so flavorfil, with just the right kick of heat.  great lunch spot...my coworkers are addicted...
4	Great location in an old renovated home - very cute. I suggest you get the large burrito as the regular didn't have much meat. I will be back to sample the entire menu (one of the most affordable options in old town btw).
4	I love America's Taco Shop. The horchata is to die for! I especially love the large patio - it'd be perfect for a special event. The menu is simple and tasty. Authentic Mexican food from the area in Mexico where the family is from. America is the namesake of the concept, and she seems passionate about keeping authentic recipes available. Try the cochata - a coffee-flavored horchata. YUM! Love the chips and salsa too :)Burritos are tasty - they're known for their carne asada so you can't go wrong there!
4	Yay! I am so happy America's Taco Shop has finally opened in Old Town! There are no good Mexican spots nearby, so this is really a treat. This is an order at the counter style restaurant, so it's nothing fancy, but they have a great patio and solid food.  Their guacamole is made fresh, and the Vegetarian bean and cheese burrito is excellent. Did I mention they have some of the best tortillas around? Oh, and the patio appears to be dog friendly too!!
5	Scottsdale has so many fufu fancy fusion style twisty no look resaturants. It is a breath of fresh  air to get a NEW restaurant that stays true to its classical Mexican roots. ATS hit a homerun not only with the food and service but also the location. The Carne Asada burritos as well as the Pollo Asada are phenomal. I also go XL on the food trust me you won't regret it. The food leaves you full and not bloated like many other Mexican restaurants around Old Town. The back patio as a cool ambiance and is a great place to get out of the Old Town scence for a second. The chips and salsa are delicious and they also have a good quesadilla. I would recommend this place when your looking for a good go to Mexican meal.
1	Charity Towing and America's Taco Shop must take great pride in a wonderful scam.  A huge several acre dirt lot on the corner of Marshall and 1st Ave is at the bottom of this luscious, money maker for both of them.  At least 15 cars were towed from this lot in the 1-1/2 hr time it took us to eat.  At $75 per car, they split an awesome amount of money.  The tow trucks pulled in and cleaned the lot out in record time.  The signage indicating the lot was for America's Taco Shop only are located on non-permanent pails that are moveable by any person.  Very small and limited to two signs spread out over several acres.  Entering by Marshall one sign was turned completely around.  The other sign was located next to a bar entrance.  Not visible unless you parked on top of the sign, that's how small it was.  The city allows this to happen?  America's Taco's is supposedly alerting it's patrons that they will be towed?  Not so.  What an amazing scam that is allowed to continue.  Truly scandalous.
1	So...I tried it again....still not amazing. It's not terrible food, just not great. This past Sunday I went to the Coach House to watch the niners game. My friends and I drove up there and parked in the dirt parking lot which is connected to the Coach parking lot. My girlfriend and her friend went over the Taco shop and got some tacos and a burrito to go. We then all went into the Coach and enjoyed the game. A few hours later we went to get into our car and it was gone. Apparently America's Taco Shop had all the cars towed. The tacos here are not worth the $75 towing charge. I was a patron at this establishment and will NEVER go back. I am glad to see that other people on here had the same issue and are voicing their anger as well. America's Taco Company has made a fatal mistake. They should have put flyers on the cars warning people of the issue, not just had them towed. It could have been a great way for them to advertise their new location. Put a flyer on the cars that offers a free taco or something. Not everyone knows about this new place. Instead they decided to piss people off. They need to be careful who they piss off. The Coach House brings them a lot of business which will now be greatly diminished due to this. I used to tell people to just walk behind the bar and grab a taco. I will no longer be doing this. I do NOT recommend going to this place. Good Luck America's Taco Shop!
5	Addiction: America's Taco Shop pork, aka, pastor. My husband loves the carne asada (I'm not a fan of carne asada, but this is pretty good nonetheless), but let me tell you, the pork is fantastic! I get the pork taco's, burrito, whatever form I can get! It's very casual, inexpensive, and the staff is great! Parking is a wee bit of a pain, because Arcadia Farms is in the hood and they hog the street parking, but it's worth a short walk to eat here...
4	I went here for lunch on a weekday so it wasn't that crowded, and parking was not an issue in the dirt lot everyone raves about. Tacos were pretty good: I had one chicken, carne asada, and pork. The last 2 were the best. Their guacamole was tasty. Cashier and the other guy walking around (manager or owner?) were friendly and checked on us a few times. There is a large back patio area so if you want to enjoy some tacos outside before it heats up, check this place out.
5	Love it no more to say!
4	Its really great to have ATS right by my house now! We had the vampiros al pastor, chicken tacos, chips and salsa and a bean and cheese burrito. All fabulous. Ice tea was also great. But, the thing i love about it here is the incredibly friendly service. I specifically asked her name because she was just so damn nice. She brought us mire chips without asking, checked on us a couple of times just because she was passing by and really knew the menu which was helpful to my friends that had never eaten here. So, thank you Sage. It makes a delicious meal even better when someone like you goes above and beyond.
5	This place is so good. I've gone to this place twice and it was amazing both times. Prices are very affordable. Service is friendly. The carne asada is great. I can only say great things about both the food and the service. I always passed by it but I never went in to try it because it looked more like a house, but I decided to try it after my friends highly recommended it to me. I'm glad they did. I love this place.The only con is parking. I walk, because I'm close, but I had friends who said there wasn't anywhere to park other than spots on the street that will tow your car. Apparently parking is kind of a pain, so if you're walking distance, like me, it's more convenient to walk.
4	I ate lunch frequently at America's Tacos on 7th Ave, by my old office, so I was thrilled to see an American's open in my Downtown Scottsdale 'hood. I cannot not overeat at this place.  I [over]order the same items pretty much every time: a cuatro for the table - salsa, guacamole, and bean dips with chips - and a regular carne asada burrito.  If you haven't experienced cotija cheese and lime on corn on the cob before, open your mind and mouth to America's Corn.  MAN I love that stuff.  I love their salsa and guacamole.  And the carne asada....Mmm.  Sometimes I wish my burrito was bit warmer in terms of the temperature, but otherwise it's awesome. America's Scottsdale features a large back patio shaded by mature trees.  I've only been to the Scottsdale location in the evening.  At that hour I never have a problem with parking and the restaurant has never been crowded, inside or out.The service is always extremely friendly and helpful.  I couldn't ask for a better neighborhood taco shop!
5	Delicious. I'd write about what I've eaten at America's Taco Shop, but it would take much less time to list what I haven't eaten!Some of my favs - Both the carne asada and al pastor tortas are mouthwatering. And their bean & cheese burritos are as good as it gets. Try the one with diced fresh jalapenos added for an additional $0.25. I also crave their guacamole. Definitely try their conchata - iced coffee and horchata mixed together. The only downside - don't come here with friends if you're looking to have a conversation. You'll all be shoving food in your mouths too fast to be able to talk.
4	Stopped in for a quick lunch with my Mom and found the place to be quite remarkable. We were greeted warmly and told to sit anywhere. Ordered up tacos, two each, chicken, pork and carne asada.  Street taco size and very tasty. Mom had tacos as well and as this was just a way of killing some time we did not sit for a full meal. I will be coming back, soon as time allows to experience more of this wonderful little shop. Had no trouble parking right in the driveway. I asked inside and was told it would be alright.
4	Found this restaurant searching on the yelp web page and I'm glad I did! I came here with a co worker and we enjoyed the food.I got a carne asada burro which was pretty good. The tortilla was warm and delicious and the pico inside was also great. The only thing I wish was a little different was larger chunks of meat, which is probably a personal preference. What was really delicious was the Horchata. Oh man, so so so good. I want to go back here again (secretly for the horchata) but would try something else, just to experience something different.Overall, I would definitely recommend America's Taco Shop. Good food at very reasonable prices.
4	The place is very clean! The tacos are a good size! Healthy, not too heavy and the carne asad is WONDERFUL! I have never been disappointed.
3	Self loathing isn't for everyone, but it does work for me. Enter, America's Taco Shop. Yes, when I find myself between alcohol-fueled introspections and waking up naked in the driveway, I troll for food here.  Chips and salsa are decent.Carne asada burrito is above average.Bean burritos will produce room clearing farts, like a horse fart or something. I have no experience with their bean burritos, this is merely a rhetorical statement, kinda like the sky is blue.But you probably already knew that.Anyway, if you hate your life, and are between interventions, try America's Taco Shop.
3	Meh nothing bad but nothing good either.
1	had a burrito there. it had 1/2 the pork filling that you will find anywhere else.so its basically a tourist trap in the heart of old town scottsdale trying to rip people off.better bet would be filebertos.
5	Food was great ! Always good !! I will be back !!
5	I feel like I can live here. It's in an old house with a cool backyard "patio" setup for dining. I've never eaten my food there but I've taken it home many times and it's consistently delicious. Consistency is the key word there. My girlfriend and I tried a different America's location (off the 101 and Via de Ventura) and it didn't taste the same so we won't be going back there. The adoba pork is made just like gyro meat but with a pineapple that adds a fantastic sweetness you can't find anywhere else. My gf loves the carne asada and asks for it quite often while we're just sitting around the apartment. Our order always consists of one taco and one burrito each plus a side of beans. She goes for the carne asada burrito and adoba taco and I like to switch back and forth. We only recently discovered this location and have been there at least five times in the past month, highly recommended for somebody who wants to pass by the often rundown taqueria for a fantastic alternative.
5	This place is so adorable. I went here with a friend, and the prices are really good! The inside is on the small side, but their outdoor patio is HUGE. We ate outside on a lovely evening, and I felt like I was at a Mexican-backyard-party! It was a lot of fun, and it is beautiful on their patio! I can't wait to go back on another beautiful day!
5	No complaints! My carne asada burrito hit the spot and it's really close to my work! I will definitely be back with my work friend Melissa. The prices can't be beat!
4	Favorite take out Mexican food in town. The bean and cheese burrito is my go-to order, and it never fails. The homemade beans are so delicious and the tortilla is thin and buttery making it a true authentic experience. The atmosphere is awesome because it is situated in an old house complete with a backyard with a fountain and a large tree, perfect for an impromtu photo shoot!  Also they serve Coke products, always a plus! Great service and hospitality too. A downside is their lack of complimentary chips and salsa.
4	This place is really cool! I ran into this place on accident while on a bike ride around Scottsdale. This place is a quaint little house/restaurant on the corner of a block, with a huge backyard/patio area. There is not a lot of "decorations" inside to create an actual theme, just very basic nothing really created. They have a TV, tables and chairs set around a pretty decent size rooms. The patio area is beautiful! They have a fountain in the corner, the brick fence is covered in vines, there are very large trees to create shade and they have hung lights around the outside to create a relaxing ambiance. Its nothing spectacular, but simple and peaceful, even with it being right next to a main road. They have a pretty decent menu from the basic tacos and burritos, to vampiros! I had a carne asada taco and a carne asada vampire, both were very good. The meat had a good flavor too it, and I am not a huge guacamole fan, but their guacamole gave the taco and the tostada a really nice kick. I also ordered a side of chips and bean dip. The bean dip was a little bland, but it was nice to have real style Mexican bean did, then the refried Americanized bean dip. I took a little bit of the hot sauce and the guacamole from my taco and added it to to bean dip and it was delicious.This is acute little place to stop by if your in the neighborhood looking for an easy breakfast, lunch or dinner! I definitely recommend the vampire (basically a tostada) and enjoying the nice AZ weather out on their patio!
3	Much like with any expansion, sometimes things get lost in the process. The original location in Phoenix had really great carne asada. This location in Scottsdale is adorable, and the service is good, but the food has taken a bit of a hit. Don't get me wrong, it's still a decent lunch choice, but your socks are not at risk of getting knocked off.Parking is a nightmare, so be prepared for that, and overall it's not a bad spot, they have a huge backyard that is really cozy and nice, but the quality of the food is kind of dissapointing. Perhaps if I never had Gallo Blanco or Tacos Atoyac, I wouldn't know any better, but I have, and I do.
2	I been here before and I really don't remember much from the first time, but I was looking for a place for lunch and decided to come back.  First thing that I noticed was that they had a special running, 4 tacos chicken or al pastor for 6.99.  Wow that is like 1.75 a taco, not much of a deal.  I came in and didn't see much on the abbreviated menu.  No meals with beans and rice, just tacos, burritos, and tortas if I remember right.  I decided I would get the special and split between 2 chicken and 2 al pastor.  I also asked for chips and was surprised to see that I had to pay for a small basket with salsa.  Well I wanted chips so I forked my money over.  The tacos were not bad, but this is the weird part.  I have had al pastor many times, and for some reason this one tasted like Chinese BBQ pork.  I swear if I didn't know better it might have been.  Over all the place was not that bad, but 2 blocks either way , you can get way better food.
4	Located on the outskirts of Old Town but definitely accessible without a car. Order your food at the counter. The server will bring your order to the table. Tacos are $2.5 bones. Traditional Mexican Food, beer, and Margaritas. There is a decent patio seating area in the back. Free chips and with good salsa. Service is friendly and fast. Food is definitely worth the short walk!
4	Was walking around Old Town and came across the taco shop. What a gem of a find it was. The tacos are everything you think of when eating a street taco even though it's in a restaurant setting. The patio is wonderful to boot.
5	My overall experience here was pretty good. You order from the counter.  The guy at the register that night was very entertaining.  He had several recommendations. Even if you didn't want them, he would magically change your mind. There is a large patio outside to hang out, prices are pretty fair and the food was good.
5	Amazing and professional i have eaten all over The  world and this place kicks ass for The money try the spicy burro and fish tacos!
2	I was really, really excited to try America's Taco Shop but I'm sad to say I was disappointed to say the least. The portions were very small and extremely overpriced. Even with that factor disregarded, the meat was not mind blowing either. I tried the XL carne asada burrito and an Al Pastor taco and both were unimpressive. The pork in the Al Pastor was a little dry and very small. The burrito was okay but it was far from extra large. I was surprised that this was an XL and that I paid almost $10 for it. The tacos were probably 4 inches in diameter and the burrito left me feeling like it was more tortilla than meat and etc (I hate when places are stingy with the meat!). It was not a surprise, however, that the place was completely empty. The service was okay, the woman at the register kept on starting to take our order then walking away to answer the phone. She told us the happy hour specials which were beer and margarita prices that were Very close to the original price. She also said happy hour food was chips and salsa for $1 or a "small" taco for $1. After seeing the size of the regular taco, I can't imagine how tiny the "small" could be.  I was really hoping this was going to be a great restaurant, but I was pretty embarrassed taking my friend from Colorado here when she was visiting because it probably hurt her impressions of Yelp (since I told her that it was rated high on Yelp). The worst part was that all of us in our party left the restaurant still hungry and opted to go on and eat elsewhere because of the unreasonable prices here. Yelp let me down on this one... Overall, I can confidently say that this place was overrated and I probably will not come back by choice.
4	Very pleased to find such a comfortable spot in Old Town. Small menu but all the basics covered, & you defiantly don't leave hungry.
4	Cute neighborhood spot. Authentic, tasty food. Walk from Old Town. Seems more local though.I had El Pastor burrito. Hubby had tacos.  Side of guac hit the spot! crispy fresh chips.Indoor or casual patio dining.  Love the fountain and trees for shade.Friendly staff, quick with food items.
4	Wanted tacos for dinner, so we checked out this place. Didn't want a chain bot something more authentic. Americas tacos does have several locations, but I would say the food is very authentic. Chips and salsa are good alsoTacos were very tasty! Originally ordered 3 steak tacos and ended ordering 3 more because they were so good. Wife also liked her steak quesadilla. Ordered a small and large margarita, those were a little pricey but they were decent.They have a small inside eating area but a large patio.One drawback was the restaurant has posted hours of closing at 9 pm but closed at 8.Great taco place in Old Town Scottsdale!
3	Massive portions for the price. I paid $7.99 for an XL burrito that was the length of a dinner plate.The staff was quick, friendly, and the lemonade is fresh squeezed.The highlight of this place is the outdoor patio. It is quiet and relaxed; just what I needed after a long day golfing.In Texas we take Tex-Mex seriously, so this food was only average for me.
4	My go-to quick burrito stop, America's is great. Their refried beans are vegetarian (sometimes hard to find) and a basic bean and cheese burrito is my old faithful. The staff is very friendly and you can't go wrong with the pricing. Cheap, fast and delish.
4	Excellent al pastor. Great place for quick mexican food fix.
5	Excellent food at great prices. Must have the Al Pastor tacos...fresh guacamole...beans. Outstanding food!!! Addictive.
4	Great prices and great food. Fresh and a whole lot flavors kicking my tastebuds in the ass.
5	Great food! They make it very fast aslo.
2	Been here a few times now. Don't order anything for takeout, food tastes terrible once it gets cold. Their guacamole is a green paste so I'd highly suggest not eating it or ask for it on the side. It's a decent taco spot but there's better options out there.
4	OFF THE CHARTS! For simple fare and a small menu this place does it right every day, every order. A little outside the "beaten path" but worth the detour!Enjoy!
5	LOVE this place (all locations)!! I am addicted to their beans and tortillas. Not the best carne asada I've had in my life but I love this place! Super fast and everything I've had there is delicious.
2	Their advertisement "Best Carne Asada in the Valley", really? I strongly disagree but edible. Great employes, good customer service, good lemonade and it is clean. Parking is a problem. Carne asada taco=$2.35 topped with lettuce & gauc, and a small amount of salsa in a plastic cup. It is a waste of plastic that goes in the trash. This is not close to the best in the valley. I will not take anyone there from out-of-town.
4	I love tacos! And I love authenic tacos without fluff and gimic. I ordered the chicken taco and the Al Pastor pork taco. So good and super cheap, less then $6! Yay for good Mexican food that satisfies!
5	Considering the overhead they have to be running to have a location like this in Oldtown Scottsdale, they have very affordable prices. The food is authentic Mexican fare of the taco truck variety. Burritos, tacos, tortas, etc. The waitress was very friendly and helped me find the World Cup on the TV, and at one point the cook came out and said hello. I felt very comfortable and relaxed while I was there, and the food was delicious. Great place to grab a bite if you're in the area!
4	Great Carne Asada. Chill atmosphere with an awesome back patio. Will definitely make this my burrito spot.
1	No flavor. Over priced. Not good service. Menu and management change. No good. 36 bucks down the drain. Would I go there again no. Mexican food doesn't have a small or large burro. Lol ... that's was pretty comical.  No rice? Wish old owner was there.
5	Great food. Happy staff. Love the location and the quaint homey design of the restaurant. Back patio seating is primo !
5	The al pastor is fantastic! The Carne asada was good.. And the chicken was OK.. Definitely recommend the al pastor taco, burrito, however you want it :)
4	So I was craving tacos this fine Tuesday and stumbled upon America's (thanks to Yelp!). I sold my boyfriend on the idea of their Tuesday special of four tacos for $6.95 so we headed over and devoured our meal! We did two chicken and two al pastor tacos. The chicken is awesome because it's perfectly topped with their guacamole. The al pastor on the other hand, brings a fun flavor profile to the taco with the addition of pineapple. We also ordered America's Corn which is Mexican style corn on the cob and it was fresh, hot, and addicting!My boyfriend ordered the horchata and described it as delicious, an extra kick of cinnamon and not too thick, the perfect consistency. I got to take a sip and couldn't agree more.Lastly, the staff was super friendly! Decent prices and super casual restaurant.
4	I recommend the al pastor Torta (Mexican sandwich).  The bread is slightly toasted and just the right size to be a full meal. The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the corn tortillas they use are not very authentic and it doesn't even seem as if they heat them up completely. It's a little small inside but has a huge outside patio.
5	What a great spot! Food was fresh, delicious, and service was super friendly. Sister and I loved the ceviche, chicken taco, and carne asada quesadilla. They have daily specials and prices were super reasonable. Definitely will be coming back again.
2	Everything was just bland.  Maybe we are taco snobs but this place made Rubios look like amazing fancy tacos and everyone knows Rubios is decent but not amazing.We tried all three tacos types.  The pastor was overcooked/dry but did have good flavor.  The carne was juicy but lacked any flavor.  The chicken was just bland.  We also tried all three burrito types and found the same in them.  The bean and cheese burrito was alright but still nothing special. The al pastor salad was better but the meat was cold and still dry.  The dressing was decent and the lettuce crisp.One last thing, the salsa for the chips was like that pureed tomato salsa that is watery.  It did have some barely there jalapeno flavor.  We tried the hot and the mild but both tasted the same.  Maybe they gave us two milds. The service was very good though.  Everyone was friendly and the place was clean.  We just didn't enjoy the food.
2	Probably should be one star. Store bought chips and tortillas. Scrawny meatless overpriced tacos devoid of any real flavor and the carne tasted gamey. Ordered beans, didn't get them but they didn't charge either oh well.  No rice?!?  I'm befuddled by this especially as it is billed as a home style Mexican. I've never been to a Latin American home (pick a country) that didn't have a pot of rice. Plus rice is cheap, easy to make and filling (and might have made it easier that's I ate three skimpy tacos and I'm still hungry) Corn - flavorless!  Plus you've GOT to grill that corn to have it right.  Nasty.  But the Horchata is good.
3	Did a little Taco Shop pub crawl around OldTown Scottsdale a couple weeks ago (because the first place we went to had tacos the size of... idk something way tinier than a taco should be.) America's Taco Shop was our second stop of the night and I was pretty happy with the size and flavors of the tacos. The Al Pastor was a delightful combo of sweet and savory flavors.In my opinion, the "taco Tuesday" deal could be a bit cheaper, but I'm not complaining. This location was pretty dingy though. We sat outside to get some fresh air and it was sort of a ramshackled assortment of chairs and tables and there were bugs everywhere (monsoon season), but the strung lights made it appear somewhat quaint.I would go again, just maybe to a different location next time.
5	You know when you have a habit of being a repeat customer, when they ask "where have you been?"  I can honestly say I stop in here a lot!  This isn't a fancy place but the food will be awesome.  They have a huge patio and now they have add a ping pong table.  This is a great place for friends and family to come together and have a great meal.  Bean and Cheese Burrito, America's Way.  Everyone must try this!!  Best burrito I've had (sorry grandma).  Add an order of chips and salsa and your order is complete.  ATS has the friendliest staff and is the best place to grab a bite.  Hike, bike, run or walk to ATS soon!
1	If I could give this place minus 5 stars it would be appropriate. Nearly $13 for a burrito and a coke. The burrito was mostly an extra large flour tortilla with nothing in it but some veggie and about 2 ounces of meat.....literally, I'm not exaggerating. An extra large $8.50 burrito should fill up a grown man but this may possibly fill up an 8 year old girl. If  you like being ripped off and taken advantage of go here!
3	Very slow and confused service. Food was pretty good but overall experience was a negative based on the wait.
3	Well the price is decent and the mexican food is alright. Parking is a little bit of a puzzle. Would be nice to offer chips and salsa but none were offered.
4	I had the carne asada burrito. It was pretty close to the best carne asada I have ever had. The service was great and speedy. I would definitely go back!
4	Take out review only.I tried the carne asada burrito which was clean & not greasy. The flavor was pretty good - a little Americanized, but was pretty good.
3	Kinda pricey for the type of food and atmosphere, but the food's okay. I've had better tacos and guacamole nearby for less money.
5	Amazing spot for quick, casual, and authentic tacos. We stayed at the Valley Ho and walked over for lunch. We had the quesadilla and the three tacos - DELICIOUS! The Al Pastor is awesome! This will definitely be a must-stop when we are in Scottsdale visiting next time.
