5	Excellent Pizza. My favorite pizza on the strip. It is located in the Flamingo Casino food court.
3	Let me clarify - I ate here at 4am.The pizza itself was very good.  I had the meat lovers and the bbq chicken pizza.  Both were flavorful, packed with toppings and the crust was really good. I generally don't like the crust but I definitely like it at Bonanno's.The downside of this place? Each slice was close to $7.  Yes, I said it - $7! I proceeded to order 4 slices - haha.I think it would have been cheaper if I just ordered a whole pizza but who has that type of logic at 4am? Not sure if I'd here during the day but definitely a late night hot spot.
4	Fast service. Especially when you have a large crowd at 4am! I had the pepperoni pizza and it was delicious. Not too much bread, just the right amount.They don't have RANCH! who does that??  But Johnny Rockets right next door will glady give you ranch for your pizza pleasures lolI think this place was pretty affordable and good for the drunken snack!
1	I can't believe i chose this place for a quick meal in Vegas! It was terrible! the meat in the Stromboli wasn't cooked and this stuff could've been old because it made me feel very uneasy after i had it. The service is not that impressive either!
2	Ended up here in the Flamingo food court two times on two different trips. Sadly, this is probably the best of the restaurants in their food court. The pepperoni pizza is gross. Very greasy and flavorless. Very overpriced compared to other options on the strip. The cheese pizza that I reluctantly ordered on my last trip was not nearly as bad as the pepperoni, but its still one of the few options between here and Imperial Dump errr I mean The Quad.  If I were to sit down to eat, this would not do. Only decent for take out back to the room and/or when drinking.
1	I am surprised I am even giving this place a two star.  Probably because the workers look like they are really working hard.I ordered a french toast platter with hash browns.  This place looks like an assembly line.  The food is no better than McDonalds.  Everything is just in a heating container.  When you order something, they scoop it up and throw it on a styrofoam plate.  I ordered my food and three people after me got their food before I did.  When I did get it, the hash brown was a rectangle and greasy like you get at Micky D's.  French toast was nothing special.  Eggs tasted like they were processed in a vat.Flamingo is okay, this place is not so much.
2	I'm at the one at Palace station and they used canned mushrooms!!! Ewwwww boooo this place is weeeaaakkkkkk!!!But the crust is good.
3	This review is a little bit late but here it is. I visited Vegas for the holidays and stayed at The Flamingo. Wanted to grab some late night eats before I went to the room for the night so I stopped by here. Not bad at all. The price was inflated but it is Vegas so that does not really count against them. The pizza slice was generously sized and perfectly greasy after a night of cocktails. Keep in mind the pizza sits under heat lamps for who knows how long so it is not going to be amazing. They throw it in the oven when you order it to heat it up. The service was just ok. Nothing special. They have like a mini food court and this place had the best food in my opinion. Looking for something quick and easy this is a good place.
4	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas. I love their pizza but especially like the sausage Stromboli. The service is great too. I've eaten at higher scale restaurants in Vegas and not been as satisfied as I have been eating here.  Don't be fooled by ambiance and price. You can get great food at a food court.
3	Great for late night snack. It wasn't the best pizza I've had but keep in mind it's in a food court:) It was a decent slice that hit the spot when not many other places were open and was right in the casino. The garlic knots were also pretty good too. We ate here more than once on our week long stay. The staff was helpful and friendly and they worked fast to move through the line of customers. The prices were decent too. Check this place out if you're looking for a quick bite. It's not only good for soaking up the alcohol before bed but also helps with a hangover;) I think they were one of the places that stayed open longer than the other places in the food court.
