5	I have only been here once to have my boyfriend's shoes re-soled.  I got there 15 minutes before they were due to open, but the gentleman was so kind and opened shop early for me.  He was very patient and advised me on how the repair will be done.  I don't know much about shoes or repairing shoes, so I thought that was very helpful. The shoes were done in 4 days, I believe.  When I picked them up, I had no cash so I had to pay with my credit card.  They ended up selling me some shoe laces and polishing products for the shoes.  I was very happy with their service.When my boyfriend saw the shoes, he was fairly impressed with the work.  I haven't heard any complaint from the boyfriend about the shoes, so I am assuming they did a good job.  Definitely trust your shoes with these guys.  :)
4	One thing to add: boyfriend recently told me they put this wax on the shoes which makes them looked dull.  I don't remember the repair man asked if I want them to be polished or not, but words of advice, inquire about their polishes and see if that's what you want.
1	I just called this place to ask about pricing and the lady was so rude and gave me such attitude. Go to the other location or somewhere else. If I can't even talk to you on the phone why would I waste my time going there.Go to quality shoe repair on horizon ridge. They offer better service and you can call to ask them questions
5	Great job repairing my leather tool bags. Was very fast and efficient at what I felt was a VERY reasonable price. Thanks and I highly recommend using this place.
4	I'm the duchess based sole-ly (ha!) on dropping off my shoes and picking them back up. But I am satisfied with price and quality of work!I had some boots that the heels had worn off. I was walking around with nails clickety-clacking as I stepped. I went to Green Valley Shoe Repair, paid $16, and four days later I had myself a new pair of shoes. I feel it was a fair price and decent quality work. I'd check them out in the future for sure.
2	I've been here a few times in the past, then recently wanted to switch to another place (Quality Shoe Repair on Horizon Ridge).  However, I bought a Groupon (20 for 40 worth of repairs)...but when I went to redeem it, I realized why I wanted to try some place else.The lady there is SOOOO rude.  I don't know if she is doing it on purpose  or if it is a language barrier thing.  It wasn't like she was having a bad day either.  She always seems to "talks down" to you.  :-(The work, however, seems of quality...I wear the same shoes everyday for work so I need something that holds up.  The shoe seems to do well even after a few months.  Overall, I prefer the "service" at Quality Shoe Repair and the price too.  The price at Green Valley Repair have gone UP over the years and it seems like you can get a better deal elsewhere.
5	I saw a coupon in the zip codes coupon book for knife sharpening so I brought about 20 knives in for sharpening. I frequently get knives sharpened for my business and since this place is in my neighborhood I figured I'd give them a try. I went in and introduced myself to Linda the owner who is as sweet as can be, and told her I get between 5 and 80 knives sharpened every week, and she gave me a great price, and asked when I need the knives, I said the next day, and she said no problem. I just picked them up, and they are perfect! I even brought in a pair of boots to repair, and I'm so glad I gave this place a try. I will be bringing all of my knives here and am so happy to have a neighborhood business to support!
5	I've used this family shop for years.  The repairs are top notch. Items are ready as promised.  Nothing like having your favorite pair of heels repaired.
