5	After going to at least four different wedding dress shops I would have to say this one is a winner.  The first store ignored me, the second one made me wait on a couch that looked like it had been picked up off of the street, the women in the third store insulted me when I told them that I was going to be wearing sandals at my BEACH wedding.  Needless to say I was pleasantly surprised at this place.  1) The little old foreign (russian? german?) woman who was assigned to me was hilarious and very truthful.  When I hesitated at completely stripping down to just undies she was like "What?  I have seen more of those than you can imagine.  Loose the bra!"  Also "that is not good, get it off now!" and "that is amazing and you would be crazy to wear anything else!"  She was very excited and wouldn't let me do anything other than check it out in the mirror.  Also she was very good, she had the dress that I fell in love with and bought by the 2nd try.2. The store gave me a 15% discount on both the dress and the veil after only 10 minutes of negociating.3. The seamstress was awesome and was able to get everything done in only 2 days.Overall a great experience
4	This was dress shop stop #3 of 5 on my quest for the perfect dress... I'd heard good things about Demetrios, and they were very accurate - this place is great!Nina took care of me and she is outstanding... she has been in the business for years - she made me feel comfortable right away, and got to know what I was looking for.  Once we pulled a ton of dresses, she came in the dressing room with me and helped to clip the dresses how they should fit before I went out to model for mom and mother-in-law-to-be.  Nina is originally from Michigan, so maybe that's one reason why I liked her, but either way, I recommend requesting her if you go.While I found several dresses at 'Brides by Demetrios,' and even considered ordering one of the Couture pieces and changing it up a bit (almost combining two different styles), I ended up finding 'the one' elsewhere... that review coming soon.  Stay tuned.Nonetheless, I recommend Brides by Demetrios - great selection, professional staff, upscale store, etc... easy Old Town location also!
4	I actually didn't buy my dress from them but their service was great.  The gal that helped me, although young, was very knowledgeable.  They let you take your time, try on as many dresses as you like and don't push you for a sale.    Thumbs up.
4	Brides by Demetrios was definitely the winner in my quest to find "the dress." Definitely recommend this dress shop in Old Town! Michelle helped me and was down to earth, helpful, friendly, warm...the list could go on. They have a large selection and although I spent most of my time with Michelle, the entire staff seemed to be friendly.  I don't have my dress in yet (just ordered it yay!!) but hopefully I will still want to give Demetrios 4 stars in a couple of months :) I don't want to jinx myself but this place is great! Customer Service/great selection winner by far! I also bought my bridesmaids dresses here.  They have a large selection and give great package deals if you put down payments on everything at once.
3	My dress was beautiful, awesome, loved the style loved the dress....Staff is OK....would not go head over heels raving about them...The russian girl, if you can and want to get your alterations done there make sure you get her!!!!!First off I got the dress home 3 days prior, the night before my wedding I tried it on just to make sure everything looked great, well when my dads GF was tying the bustle, 3 of the 13 ribbons this lady sewed on came off!!!! OMG, I was a mess. Up at 5:30 am rushing my dress to demetrios..waited outside until they opened. Told them the Bustle had already broke and that I needed them to fix it and that I didnt care if they tied twine or rope under it just make sure it didnt break again. They assured me it wouldnt....Rushing all around the dress was ready 2 hours before my ceremony start time...dress was down for the ceremony. Went in my room to have sis and mom tie the bustle up. 13 ribbons this lady wanted them to tie. Ribbons were flying everywhere the dress looked ridiculous but it stayed for the minute...I was happy and darted out to see my new hubby....Bout 10 minutes later, nightmare...half the dress was hanging on the floor...I looked down and then looked at my mom in fear...thank god my mom had those detachable bra straps which she ended up tying the entire dress with and then roping it around my wrist....CLASSY!!!  I had to return the dress to be fixed but it was too late- my wedding was over. I told them I wanted the money back for my alterations and that I wanted Demetrios to make it right with me and give me the dress at cost for ruining my wedding day. They gave me a whopping $500.00 on a dress that I paid in total $3000.00 for....I am not thrilled that I will never be able to wear it again.I am not thrilled they wouldnt give me more than $500 back....I came with picture and video proof of me sitting down my entire wedding.  Didnt even get to utilize the dancing lessons we spent a ton of money on..Pretty much spent the entire night sitting around watching my friends dance because the floor was so dirty and the dress was still dragging....Bumb deal. Wish Demetrios would have tried harder to make this right knowing how much I spent there and how bad the dress made my day.So now I have an awesome dress with a bustle that gave me hell my entire wedding day.Be careful about t his place, they talk you into the dress....they give you a price, but by the third alteration they want full payment. They then go into how they charge almost $300 for alterations and then they charge again to have it steamed and pressed...They gave me a low budget bag. I had to go get it professionally cleaned just so I could store it the correct way for years to come.
2	Wow, this place has one of the worst services I've experienced, in terms of shopping for a bridal gown. When I called them, they basically told me that it was getting late and that I wouldn't really be able to try on dresses, but I said I just really wanted to take a look at their collection, and they sort of grudgingly agreed.Then, when I got there, (still an hour and a half before the store closes), there were NO customers in the store, so I'm not sure why I was warned that they were so busy.Anyway, their collection is ok. Not as nice as Destiny's Bride or Mariee, but they have a lot of dresses to look through. I didnt find many newer styles, but I tried on three dresses, one of which was really pretty.I worked with this woman named Sue, who barely talked to me. She disappeared every time I tried on a dress, and sometimes forgot to help pin it on. One time, I came out holding this huge dress up, went in front of my family, and she just stared for a while, and then was like, "Oh, I guess I should pin that". Afterwards, I asked for the details of the gown I liked, and she gave me a card with just her name. No gown information. So when I looked at her, confused, and asked about the gown, she literally said "oh, its style .... "... and then I asked, "and the price?" and she just responded "Oh, ...."  I had to ask my family for a pen to write that down. How can you shop from a place like that?It was ridiculous! Maybe Sue was having a bad day or just wanted to go home, but seriously, I was so offended and shocked by her attitude. I mean, the gowns are alright (and definitely less expensive than other places... ) but not worth the crappy service!I hate to pull this card out, but I'm south asian, and I really think that all the people I interacted with would have been a hell of a lot nicer if I wasnt.
5	Brides by Demetrios was my third and final salon to visit on my quest to find the perfect dress. Several of my friends/co-workers found their dresses here, so I decided to check out the selection online. I found about 10 dresses in the "Illusions" line that I really liked, so I knew I had to make an appointment. When I called, I mentioned the style numbers I liked and the woman who answered checked to see if they had all of them in stock for me - they did. She also mentioned that there was a trunk show the following weekend as well as a sale.The shop is very classy, with lots of room and mirrors, so even if there are several brides at once, everyone has mirror space to utilize.I worked with Laverna, she was really down-to-earth and helpful, plus she really understood what I was looking for and LISTENED to my likes and dislikes. She had a great knowledge of the line and was able to suggest other dresses that had features I liked. The only "problem" was choosing which dress I liked the most, there were several that I would have been happy to walk down the aisle in. But, with the help of Laverna, my MOH and family, I know I made the right decision.I found THE dress here. It is so pretty and flattering and I can't wait to wear it in February. For me, Brides by Demetrios is the total package: beautiful gowns, reasonable prices and best of all, amazing service.
5	This was the second place I went dress shopping. My mom and I had no idea what to expect - but 2.5 hours later I found my bridal gown, my mom found a dress, and we picked out the bridesmaid dresses - amazing! Sue was great, all I had to tell her was what style I liked and my price range, the third dress I tried on was perfect.Most of my bridesmaids were out of state, so for a small fee they shipped out all of the gowns - providing great customer service the entire time. Also, only two of my eight bridesmaids had to get alterations, so they were very accurate with their sizes.They also have a very talented seamstress that did my alterations and bussle (this costed a little bit more than I expected - but she did a beautiful job).I highly recommend this place - it's a one stop shop for all that you need. The women working there are incredibly friendly and helpful, and they have a HUGE selection of dresses at all price points. One tip: make sure to order far in advance. It took a good 6 months for the dresses to arrive.
3	I didn't love this store but its not horrible. To be fair I didn't have an appointment and the girls at the shop were nice enough to let me browse. However I was kind of lost and it was a bit hectic in there.
1	I have gone to the store once 2 years ago to get a bridesmaids dress and had a good experience.  So when it was finally my turn to try on bridal gowns I decided to go back here.  I have even researched on their website the dresses I wanted to try on.  Unfortunately during my trip they did not have any of them in stock because they are part of a trunk show, which I can understand.  SInce then I have made 3 different appointments with the shop during Demetrios trunk shows with no luck of the dresses being part of it.  At this point I am really disappointed in their service and their lack of wanting to help me.  I was told by the receptionist when I made my last appointment (2 weeks ago) that she would make sure that the dresses I wanted to try on were going to be part of the trunk show.  I had my appointment for today and have been gleaming just to be able to try on the dresses!  Unfortunately when I called this morning to confirm they where there the woman who answered the phone informed me that they were not.  So I've had to cancel my appointment yet again.  I just want to try on the dresses from the Ilissa collection #526 and #518, I didn't think it was going to be this hard to try on dresses I fell in love with over 6 months ago.  If I ever get to try on these dresses I will probably change my rating, I feel like I have been strung along and lied to ... I was willing to spend 5k on a dress and unless they can pull through on their next Demetrios trunk show I will have no other choice but to take my business else where.  Please step it up Demetrios and stop lying that you will make sure you will have certain dresses that you haven't been able to get in 6 months!!!
5	This little bridal shop was an absolute dream come true!  I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon to see if they even carried plus sized gowns - with no appointment at all.  They found at least a dozen gorgeous gowns that fit beautifully and were well within my budget ($1200 tops).   I fell in love with a discontinued dress that was half my size, and their seamstress re-made the back panel to create a gorgeous custom gown.  I couldn't be happier!   This just was the third shop that we visited.  But it just might be the only bridal shop that you'll need to visit.
5	This place was amazing! So helpful, so so so sweet, went out of their way to help me find the perfect wedding dress. They gave me tips but also listened to what I wanted. Hannah, Brittany and Stephanie were such a great help! I would recommend this store to anyone!! Thanks Brides by Demetrios!
5	After a horrible experience at a nearby shop we called to see if they could fit us in. They said to give them 20 minutes and they would be happy to accommodate us. The fitting area was very large with plenty of comfortable seating and lots of well lit mirrors. Stephanie was very knowledgable and helpful. She brought out several dresses and after hearing what my daughter had to say she brought out others that were spot on as far as the "look" she was going for. When she walked out in "the one" we all knew it. The price was slightly less than another shop we had gone to. So far a great experience. I will update as far as timeliness of the dresses arrival and alterations. Thanks!
1	This place was horrible. We went strictly for bridesmaids dresses. They sized all of us incorrectly to make sure that we would need alterations to spend more. I am a 4 and they said i should purchase an 8 (i was wearing a 10 at the fitting with clamps and it was enormous).  They were late with all of the bridesmaids dresses and have ridiculous release rules for the boutique. We eventually had to lie and say the wedding was earlier to get the dresses when we needed them.  Wouldn't go back and wouldn't recommend to anyone else.
5	This store is fabulous, I bought my wedding dress there today. They were extremely friendly, the store is clean, and has great lighting, the consultants are helpful and did not make me feel overwhelmed. I ended up buying the first dress I tried on even thought I went to three other stores and tried on about 30 gowns. The first dress Brides by Demetrios put me in was my dress!!!! I LOVE it. Stephanie helped me and she is the best!! So personable and very caring, I felt like a true bride there!  I highly recommend it.
5	I ordered a bridesmaid dress that was too small (online at another store) and two weeks before the wedding was told it couldn't be altered to fit. After calling a million bridal stores in a panic to find a replacement I called Brides by Demetrios and they searched their back room and found me a dress in the right color, right size and right designer and sold it to me right off the rack (it was a discontinued style). They were so nice and accommodating and sold it to me for a great price! Very much appreciated, they saved the day!
5	I had a wonderful experience here! I called the day before to make an appointment and was the first one of the day (which I always think is helpful in all cases). My consultant was Lindsay and she was great! I brought my mom and one of my bridesmaids and this was the 3rd time dress shopping. She looked through my pictures and listened to what I liked. On the 4th dress I knew! Tears and everything :)Lindsay was awesome and negotiated a discount with the manager, as well as for my bridesmaids' dresses that had already been chosen previously!I really had a great experience here and I highly recommend :)
4	I bought my dress in a Demetrios store in GA but had all of my alterations done here. I have nothing but great things to say about much of the process. In total I had two fittings. The fitting appointments fill up quickly and have very limited hours but are totally worth it. During my first appointment it was determined that I needed some boning to support my bust, hemming, and addition of a bustle. On my second appointment the dress was PERFECT. I knew I was in good hands but to see the dress fit perfect was a great feeling. All of the women that work there are so friendly and accommodating. The only reason it got 4 stars and not 5 is the actual cost of the alterations-almost half the the cost of the dress. The 1 inch of hemming was way more than it would have been other places. However, I was willing to pay it to have the piece of mind that I did and it was totally worth it. I HIGHLY recommend this location to all brides trying to find "the" dress!
5	This was the second store I went to in search of my dream dress. On this day, we had 4 stores to go to, and Brides by Demetrios was #1. I was one of the first appointments of the day, and I received a friendly greeting upon arrival by Jenna, who ended up being my bridal consultant. As soon as I walked in the door, I saw an amazing dress that I just had to try on. I was concerned that it was over my budget ($2000), and I was right (it was $3400). However, I still wanted to try it on - it was just THAT beautiful, and it met every one of my wants in a dress (lace, sparkle, sweetheart neckline, A-Line shape). We pulled quite a few additional gowns, but nothing compared to the first one I saw - it was just love at first site. Once I tried it on, I knew it was the one - I felt amazing, and there wasn't anything I didn't like about it. Jenna added the veil and headpiece, along with a sparkly belt, and it was perfect. However, I still had 3 appointments with other bridal salons, and I just couldn't say yes to this one without ruling out the other places. So I vowed to come back that day if I couldn't find anything to top this dress. Well, I ended up returning that day and purchasing the dress. Even better, Jenna was able to get the price lowered for me - they were having a sale the next weekend, so I was able to get the sale price early. I was (and still am) so excited and happy - I can't wait to wear it on my wedding day!I highly recommend Brides by Demetrios - they have numerous beautiful gowns to fit every size and shape at amazing prices. I couldn't believe the price of my gown - the quality for the price I paid was phenomenal. All of the staff there were very friendly, and I felt so comfortable the entire time. We will likely be returning to purchase bridesmaids dresses!
5	I had three appointments at other bridal salons, but I was in the area and decided to pop by this salon in between appointments. I asked if they had any time to show me dresses. We waited about 15 minutes and they squeezed me in. I was so grateful!  The first dress I tried on I just fell in love with!  But I had two other appointments at other salons that I had to attend before I could make my choice. I wound up coming back the next day and purchased the first dress!  I can't believe I didn't even have an appointment at this salon and it is where I got my dress. Thank goodness they were willing and able to allow me as a walk-in to try on dresses!  I even purchased the veil that I tried on with my dress because it just finished the look so perfectly :)
5	I found the perfect wedding dress at Brides by Demetrios and could not have been happier when I got married this past Saturday. After speaking with one of the sales women for all of five minutes about what style I was looking for, she rightfully led me to the bridesmaid section since I wanted a very simple dress. Within 30 minutes I had the dress I wanted in hand. My new husband loved it just as much as I did -- he even noticed that it picked up on some of the elements from my high school prom dress, since we attended together! Fabulous experience all around!
