3	The service was nice, the front desk girls were eager to help.  The rooms are relatively clean, they include mini fridges and freezers.  The TVs have RCA inputs only, but the wireless service is decent.  There is a Jack in the Box and Waffle House within a hundred yards, so there is always an option to walk to when you get drunk in your room (I know I do) Not a bad place overall.
2	Horrible showers, but nice folks.
1	Unfortunately I found this hotel to be more like a motel. The room that I stayed in was so filthy and the odor was so grand I had to move to another room. The pool was dirty to the point the staff advised me not to let the kids swim until they had it cleaned. The housecleaning staff took it upon themselves to help steal my 7 yr.old daughter Kindle Fire after I left it in the room. And the hotel manager then advised me he did not appreciate the fact I contacted corporate. He also told me after several attempts to get this matter resolved that he did not appreciate me for slandering his hotel. I had to file a police report
1	Stopped here on the way to Fort Jackson.  It's not in a great neighborhood & right off of the freeway so it's noisy. The staff was really friendly but the rooms were dirty. The shower looked like the showers in RV's.  we were supposed to stay for three days but after we saw people having relations in the pool at noon we decided it wasn't the safest place to be. The staff was very understanding about canceling our stay. I wouldn't recommend this place.
1	So, I had to play hotel switcheroo because Hyatt's rate seemingly tripled for one night in the middle of my stay. I wound up here and I think I'm officially done with Choice Hotels forever. I've never had a positive experience aside from this one Econo Lodge in Walterboro, SC.This hotel is located in the middle of a vast array of garbage food restaurants. If you want to go to a grocery store, they're all 15 minutes away. While the hotel might be convenient to some attractions, it isn't convenient to things an everyday hotel guest would need or want unless you like McDonald's and Waffle House. Gross.The beds are not comfortable at all and this hotel has resorted to using these god awful square 15" pillows. Who the hell can sleep on a square like that besides a child!? It's beyond ridiculous and not to mention annoying to try and sleep on. Pair the lack of comfort with the 11:00 check out and you have one unhappy guest! I requested a late check-out time upon check-in as I advised I'd be working overnight. 12:30 was the best she could do as she made some kind of, apparently phantom note. The next morning at exactly 10:58, the phone rang and reminded me that I was scheduled to check out that day and that check out was 11:00. Blah, so much for sleeping inn at Sleep Inn.The hotel is quite noisy as it borders I-77 and the immediate area isn't all that great. Noise from other guests was relatively nil though.The mini freezer and mini fridge were nice, but it didn't make up for the overall room quality. The hotel WiFi averages 10 Mbps down/5 Mbps up and is complimentary.Not recommended and officially denied going forward.
1	WOW this place is a complete dive I don't even no where to start. Ok our hotel room smelled of marijuana and a bathroom cleaner combo. Then learned the bathroom door was a slider. Yup no door knob a hole for a finger slot. So when your in the bathroom you can watch tv. Not my type of place the shower is like an RV camper the neighborhood is terrible tour next to a Waffle House and jack in the box I put the ac on smelled like burning hair  I heard Police and fire truck sirens All night very noisy the next-door neighbor was either living there or been there along time tons of people coming and going must of been dealing drugs then breakfast was a joke hot pockets and water down waffles SMH shameful the lady stood there while we are preparing our food like a security guard overlooking everything making sure u didn't take two unsoft butter overall I would never recommend this
1	I absolutely cannot recommend strongly enough against this hotel. I wish I'd read these reviews before deciding to stay here. The entire second floor smells like cat urine and our room in particular (201) is almost unbearable. The carpet has been damp since we checked in and unfortunately we're here 2 nights. Stay somewhere else, please!On the plus side, my daughter enjoyed the indoor pool and the lobby/breakfast area are clean enough. This in no way makes up for the horrible stench of this place. I feel dirty just being here.
