5	Let's Do Dinner is a meal prep kitchen.  I've been going there about once every other month for more than a year.  Prices are about $22 for a meal that feeds six...steak dishes cost more for obvious reasons.  You visit the website, check out the menu, choose the dished you would like to make and when you want to make them and pay with a credit card.   On your chosen date, you go there with a cooler or boxes to carry the meals home.  They've got aprons, a sink to clean up, and disposable gloves.  The recipes are framed and displayed at each station, and the ingredients are right beneath the recipe.  If you need 1/2 cup of shredded cheddar, you'll find a bin of shredded cheddar with a 1/2 cup measuring cup waiting for you.  If you spill something, one of the staff members wipes it up for you!  If you dirty a bowl, it is whisked to the back and washed.  Yes, I pay a bit more to make my family's meals here, but they do all the shopping, all the prep work (chopping, slicing, etc.) and the time savings makes it very worthwhile to me.  The portions are larger than other meal prep kitchens I've tried, and the recipes are very good.  I highly recommend trying Let's Do Dinner.  You'll be glad you did!
1	i had a prepaid coupon for dinners at this place which say to redeem at 20165 n 67th dr. i drove out there but they were not at that address. the business there gave me a new address of 8976 w union hills and a phone number which i called to verify. their answering service answered and said they are open 11am to 7pm and they were busy and couldn't come to phone. i then drove to this new address only to find the doors locked and nobody there. i drove almost 30 miles to get there and spent $11 on gas for nothing not to mention my time of close to 2 hours. so i am sol with what i paid for this coupon and my gas and i have nothing to show for it.this is no way to run a business.
5	Food that's almost as convenient as a TV dinner, but fresh and unprocessed.  Everything we've tried so far has varied from great to spectacular.  Top favorites are the soufle and the Greek pork loin, with the whisky steak also well worth a mention.The idea is great; they put together all the ingredients for a great meal, then you take them home in baggies to either cook fresh or freeze for later use.  The menu changes monthly.  You go to their site, choose your meals and portions, and set a time to pick up your stuff.  It's now much easier to put together an excellent fresh meal at home without spending an hour or two in the kitchen.Be sure to ask them about their inexpensive veggie trays as an easy side dish.  They are not on the menu, but they usually have some available.
3	Closed
5	Unfortunately, this business is now closed permanently.
