3	So I broke down and bought into a gym membership last month. I haven't gone nearly as often as I planned to, but to no fault of the gym.The facilities are always a little crowded but never to a point that it's unbearable. The staff are friendly, but they can't be trusted. They have promotions coming out of their ears at this place, so if for one day only you sign up for $300 dollars worth of personal training sessions they'll give it to you for 25% off (if, of course, you also purchase the difference in Apex protein bars) and general shiestiness of that nature. You get the idea.Once you figure out to steer clear of the gimmicks, it's very affordable and not a bad place to get your workout on.
4	Well, I think it's about time I wrote a review about Pure Fitness. After all, I've been a member there for nearly a year. I signed up last year because I was tired of my own excuses... and because I got a corporate rate thru my work. Plus, I can swing $20 per month. At first, I loved the gym. I had a trainer and joined one of the best kickboxing classes ever - taught by a genuine marital artist and fighter. I swung elbows, threw punches and knees. I also began to lose weight. From Oct '06 to Feb '07, I was loving the gym. Then the kickboxing instructor was laid off and a different gang of managers took over the place. That's when things turned sour. (How's that for foreshadowing?)No, things didn't get horrible and out of hand. But there was nothing appealing about the gym anymore. Same cardio machines; same weights. No challenging classes and management that didn't care about their employees (their trainers). Around March I met another trainer and began to work out with him. I instantly loved him and his style. As luck would have it, he left the gym shortly thereafter... and once more I was without a trainer, even though I had paid for several sessions upfront. That's when I decided I didn't like my gym, for they weren't only treating their trainers bad enough (several had quit) but now they weren't really concerned with the satisfaction of their members. I kept going, though, for my fitness was now a huge priority of mine. Yes, I did end up with another trainer, who I (as luck would have it) like very much. There aren't any fun classes, unfortunately. And working out on the same machines gets dreadfully dull. But lifting weights and learning new techniques is what makes the gym fun. Also, the management has changed again - back to the originial crew of last fall. When I come in, people say hi. Some even stop to check on my progress and see how I'm doing. They call me by my first name. I feel welcome there, and that's important to me.On top of that, I've never once felt like I was in a meat market. Everyone who is there is concerned with their own agenda, and that's fantastic. I don't need to be hit on at the gym. I'm there to do my thing and leave - just like everyone else. So, would I recommend this gym to you? Yes. If you live nearby the location and can't afford a 24 Hour Fitness or LA Fitness membership. For $20 a month, you get your money's worth. In fact, I'd say you get more. Word to the wise: If you plan on hitting the treadmill after class or work, go early, around 4 p.m., or wait until around 7. Why? Because there's always the evening swarm and you won't find one of the better treadmills open. Plus, if you plan to light weights, who wants to wait in line to get those pesty tricep pull downs done?
4	This is one of the older Pure Fitness clubs (judging by the equipment and the building). It is a nice place to workout, but I do prefer their Shea location.The mindset at pure fitness is more focuses on getting you in shape , rather then playing games. They provide a trainer when you sign up (no additional charge) to point you in the right direction.This location has a tanning salon/juice bar next door - Awesome!
4	I really have no major problems with this gym.  The price, locations, equipment and hours all fit my life well.  For about $25 per month I am able to work my fat ass out and feel relatively good about it.  I have been a member for about 4 years now and find this a decent place to workout.  I use the North Tempe location the most followed by the South Tempe location.  I don't know about the trainers or the classes, but the equipment seems to be similar between the locations.  The equipment doesn't seem to be the latest and greatest available, but it works for me so I don't really care.  Also, I don't have any issues with it being too crowded because when I do workout it is during odd hours.The only thing I can do without is being talked to by the trainers or anyone else who works there.  I understand you have great promotions, classes, seminars, training programs, etc.  However, if I ever did want to take advantage of any of that I think I am pretty smart and can figure out who to ask.  I don't need to be approached or called by a "trainer" who has been on the job for 2 weeks and will be gone in another 2.  I understand they have to make money, but why must I feel like I'm at a used car lot every time I go to the gym?I know I have some gripes, but everyone there is friendly and tries to be helpful.  And at $25 it's a bargain as far as I'm concerned.
3	So I was torn.  Pure Fitness on Scottsdale and Curry is the closest gym to my house with the best prices.  On the other hand, I had been a member a few years ago and fell victim to the cancellation policy that so many people have complained about.  I tracked down the email address of Commodore Mann, one of the PF senior management (commodore@purefitnessclubs.com) and sent him the following offer: I would prepay for the 18 month membership (at the 12 month price) on the condition that my membership will not autorenew.  He responded within an day agreeing to my terms, and put me in contact with the club General Manager.  I was able to conduct this whole process via email, fax, and phone since I am out of town.  By going straight to a top level person and by conducting the transaction this way, I was able to get what I wanted and avoid the extremely hard sell tactics they employ.  Bottom line, the sales people at Pure Fitness (as well as most gyms in this price range like Planet Fitness, LA Fitness, 24 Hour, etc..) are like varying degrees of car salesmen.  So if you go in there prepared with what you want, talk to the right people, refuse to get intimidated or worry what they think about you, and are willing to walk out the door, you should be okay.As to the gym itself, I am not a class taker, so I can't comment on that.  This is a no-flash, amenity-light gym.  Sure their machines and weights are old, but I figure they weigh the same as the new ones.  Fortunately, I no longer need childcare at the gym, because I remember their childcare being pretty lousy.  The locker rooms are pretty dingy, but a) I don't plan on showering there, and b) I'm a guy.I did use their personal trainers when I was a member before, and found them adequate.  I have since learned that the nutritional information he was giving me was pretty bad.  Also, personal trainers at PF are also supplement sales people.  The supplements are expensive, and I believe one's money would be better spent buying healthy, whole foods and eating more balanced meals throughout the day.  I would say that if you are new to strength training (and can avoid being talked into buying a bunch of stuff you don't need), then a few sessions with a trainer to learn proper technique is not a bad deal.  Much more than that, I would look elsewhere for training.All in all, about what you'd expect for $19 a month.
5	Great place. love the atmosphere. Can't work out much due to my disability ( 2 failed back surgeries after being in a 75 MPH T-Bone car wreck in Aspen CO, 4 days after my 21st birthday
2	I recently quit this gym after being a member for more than seven years. The equipment is the same as it was in 2002, and desperately needs to be upgraded. In fact, the whole place could use a major renovation. Other locations are nicer, but I'd have to go out of my way to visit them. Two pairs of 35 pound dumbbells had been missing for more than a year and had not been replaced. No two Treadmills ever seem to move at the same pace. Then on top of everything, they stopped taking credit cards to pay monthly dues, and I had to pay directly through my bank account. There was one big pro. Except during peak hours (just before and after normal work hours), the place was always empty, which made it easy for some one like me, with an unusual schedule to get a work out in.
4	I was appalled by the treatment I received over the phone! I am a member, but I got a free membership and was free from hassle. I called the central Tempe branch (at baseline and rural) and they were unbelievably rude. I called to ask about my sisters getting a month to month membership. I asked what they would need and how much they would have to pay for the month. The girl was very evasive, and when I insisted on knowing how much they would have to pay, she she said it would cost $60 and hung up. I couldn't believe it! I then called the branch at Curry and Scottsdale and I got a different story. She told me it would be $38. As simple as that, the truth and without rudeness. Thank you!
3	This location is closing as of Monday, January 31, 2011... :(
1	Just when I start really liking this place they decide to close up shop.  When LA Fitness bought all the Pure Fitness locations suddenly all the meat head douchbags disappeared and the place was peaceful and a decent place to work out.  I didn't mind that there was almost nobody working out, the absence of annoying "personal trainers", sales people, and exercise classes.  It was kind of nice not to be bothered.  However, like all good things, it quickly came to an end a few months after the sale to LA Fitness.  After being assured this location would remain open for ever and ever, I was greeted with a sign that gave me a one month warning that my location would soon close.So, after being a member for over 5 years (don't let the stupid # of "check-ins" or my still-kinda-fat-ass fool you because I've been here zillions of times), I must cancel my membership.  The 2 locations that were most convenient for me are now closed so I am left with no choice.Tomorrow I begin the grueling months long process of canceling my Pure Fitness converted to an LA Fitness membership.  I called the LA Fitness closest to me with the hope that they would just let me cancel right then and there but that was just wishful thinking.  Instead I have to go in there to pick up a form and mail it in.  I am really dreading this process.
