4	My owner tells me this is the best golf value in the area.  Nice, fair traditional (hence the name) layout without all the houses lining the fairways like most courses in the area.  Good mix of holes with plenty of birdie opportunities as long as you can keep it in the fairway off the team.  Greens are usually in good shape and, even in the summer, don't get to firm.  Staff is very friendly and accommodating but rangers will make sure you keep up the pace of play.  Great practice facility near the clubhouse to hone your game.  Restaurant has decent food and ice cold beer, especially like the Rolling Rock specials.  He also told me there are some otters  that frolic around in the pond near the clubhouse.  Hope he takes me over there sometime.
4	Nice to have a golf place near the office so you can hit the range now and then during lunch.  Not a "huge" golf club, but big enough and gets the job done.  The staff is pretty friendly... though I haven't played the course, I have frequented the range and the putting green a lot.  Most of the time, when I play golf I am usually in the woods so I just keep practicing for the time being.I have not seen a chipping green yet, but I haven't looked very hard for one.  By the time I get my clubs, drive up to the parking lot, and get the balls ready - I've got limited time to waste.Careful turning left out of the parking lot since Mallard Creek Church Rd/Prosperity Church Rd gets busy at times.  Not to say you can't hang out at the median, but the way people drive around there is with a purpose and not to accommodate a nice little range session at lunch. There are a good amount of canadian geese that hang around here, but they maintain the walkways and stuff pretty good so you don't step on any land minds.
3	Played the front 9.  In my opinion it still may be to early to tell if this course has become any better than the years past. Which has not been great as goes for pretty much all of the Carolina Trail Courses. The fairways played really really fast for the amount of rain that we have received this winter/spring which was surprising. It makes me think that during the summer months the grass may stay brown. The greens were recently aerated but were surprisingly in good shape for the most part. There were a few areas that were under repair.  I would pay $30-$36 for this course on the weekend but no more. At least not until it begins to green out. The range is ok not much grass to hit off of but that's not surprising for the amount of traffic this place receives. The range balls could use an upgrade and a price reduction $6 for 25-30 balls (the balls are in bad shape).
