4	Lets face it, who does not like to go out for a burger rather than making one at home? The task of creating then grilling, following cleanup etc, sometimes is worth a treat to try someone else's idea of a burger, especially when travelling, a more than a safe bet. Consistency and taste are critical elements that will draw you back to the same restaurant or chain, after all decor means little if you are consuming a sub par product. I confess to not ever eating another Burger King item, just an insult to your senses when the pattie is wafer thin & tasteless, McD's is just average, Harvey's can be hit or miss but lately Wendy's has been a more favourable choice with the new Hot & Juicy signature burger. However, combined they do not even hold a candle to the wind to a hearty 5Guys creation. If it were not for President Obama being elected, I think most of us would have never heard of this chain.Go back a few years to that election. As a tradition NBC news will spend a few days with the new president shortly after taking office. During this airing a moment of pure humbleness unfolds. The President and his crew with news team in tow embark on an "Off the record" trek. All the vehicles stripped of any Presidential markings wind through the streets of Washington until they arrive at the original 5Guys location. You can see what happens if you do a search on "Youtube", perhaps this event was the largest free endorsement any business could be given!! Fast forward to summer 2011 while travelling through Colorado presented my first chance to try 5Guys. In just a few words....absolutely lipsmaking Delicious!! I will elaborate in just a bit. Another travel through Rochester, New York during the Christmas holidays in 2011 then twice since the beginning of 2012 at the D.D.O branch in the West Island of Montreal. As mentioned before, consistency & taste are what will draw you to be a loyal client, and in this area 5Guys has what will give me the confidence to try any branch on either side of our border. Indeed more expensive than other fast food chains, but if it means that I will go the 5Guys once rather than another chain twice the quality of the food is just worth that formula. One of my initial tests of a Burger is to take a bite from the pattie without the influences of the other ingredients to feel the texture of the meat or any of the seasonings. All my times it has been a tasty, juicy experience!!Indeed the decor is a simple take on a restaurant. Extreme flashy decor takes a back seat to a wide open expanse of red & white ceramic tiled walls, tons of fresh potato sacs in the centre of the eating quarters a bold statement to the fresh theme of no frozen foods. The cashier has the important task to not only call out the orders, but initially take the time to explain the process to newcomers, all with a great smile and cheerful demeanour. You can have as many toppings as you like, as well if you don't mention anything a series of basic toppings highlighted in black ink will be added. The first time I ordered the small bacon cheeseburger with "small" fries.I was barely able to finish both as the burger was just the correct size, but the fries were good for at least 2 people. The next time I ordered the regular B&C burger that consists of 2 patties then shared an order of fries. My philosophy is you are going for a burger, the fries are just a "filler". Drinks are endless, so save a bit of money buy ordering a small drink, then enjoy the free refills!!As you sit to enjoy your meal you notice the newspaper or other media testimonials decorating the walls as well some free paper and coloured pencils where you can broadcast your own thoughts. All add to a fun environment that is simply lacking in other major chain restaurants. In another thread someone predicts 5Guys will last only a few years, I strongly disagree with their thoughts. With the other major chains trying to reinvent themselves I think 5Guys has given them reason to worry, after all they have taken us for advantage all these years, time for someone else to make us look forward to going out for a classic fast food meal.Thanks so much 5Guys!!Andy
3	I lost my Five Guys virginity at the Old Montreal location a few days ago and loved it, so I was excited to have a Five Guys burger much closer to home. Sadly, I realized that my amazing first experience was not going to automatically happen every time. This time, the burger was dry and almost tasteless; very disappointing. The "all dressed" mix of toppings still rocked though, and saved the burger as best as it could. After my first experience, I swore off all neighbouring fast food burgers in favour of Five Guys. Well, Wendy, you're back in the game. Five Guys, shrug.P.S. Still haven't tried the fries. At $3.29 plus tax for a small, I find that ridiculous for potatoes, even if you do have a board that tells me where they grew up.
4	After Moving here from LA This is the only place I've found that kills the Cravings. Montreal isn't a Hamburger town but this US transport fits the bill. It's not In-n-Out but a close second.
4	Decent burger made with - get this - real hamburger meat!!! Wow, what a revelation people. I had it with tomato, lettuce, hot peppers and I forget what else but it was really good. I didn't order fries but my hub did and they gave us enough for an army. They were pretty darn good also. I kind of wish they had a turkey or chicken burger on the menu. I'll go back.
4	Great burgers. Fast service. Not the same fries as in the US but that's ok as they should cater to local tastes. Order takers should know more about the menu though. I asked the size of the burger patty and she said she didn't know!?!?! Still a good value and a good burger.
3	Frais et yummy
4	I've heard so much about 5 Guys burgers so I just HAD to try one!The the restaurant itself wasn't what I had expected in the West Island, I thought it would be a little more fancier than it was an I was disappointed, warehouse looking restaurant, hence the 4 stars over 5.I ordered the double cheese with just lettuce fries and a coke. The burger did live up to hype it was fresh and delicious although I did find a little pricey at almost $ 15 however compared to a Big Mac trio at almost $ 9 and definitely 5 Guys much better quality by far and more bang for your buck!The super friendly service I received as well free peanuts to nosh on while waiting did make up for the coldness of the atmosphere/lack of ambiance.If you haven't been to a 5 Guys you should give a try!
4	Fresh tasty beef available for hamburger lovers. Choose your toppings. Add some tasty imported fries and you got your hungry pains removed in short order. Service is acceptably quick, it does take a few minutes but that's simply because your freshly made burgers are cooked to perfection. A regular for this reviewer, for sure. :)
5	All dressed burger with no tomatoes and real meat. What more can you ask for! All dressed consists of mayo, pickles, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, mushrooms, ketchup and probably something I am forgetting.. I ordered fries but next time I will just order just a large burger (two patties) instead of a small burger (one patty)
3	I got my burger all dressed and honestly i am not a big fan. It was fairly average tasting and messy. I think messy burgers are great when they taste good, was disappointed with this five guys. The fries were ok and no complaints on the service. When in the west i would still rather have a Harvey's burger for nearly have the price.
