1	This restaurant officially opens next week. I had a pre-opening reservation for tonight, but when I called to confirm, my booking was not there. The girl on the phone was rude and obviously thought that I was lying and trying to get a free meal. A word of warning to you all, make sure you have the name of the person you make your reservation with! I hope their food is better than their customer service!
5	My whole experience was amazing from start to finish! The meatballs were perfectly paired with huckleberry compote and Greek yogurt; do not miss. I had the salmon salad and I can't get it out of my head. I loved the white beans and Brussels sprouts... The cornbeef sandwich with the kale apple slaw was phenomenal. And lastly for dessert, the chocolate cake was moist and very rich. Service was friendly and attentive but not intrusive. Grant was an exceptional server. It is a little loud but if that deters you, you are seriously missing out and don't deserve such a great meal.You have to go and try out The Henry once it opens. You will not be disappointed!
5	This establishment opened to the public today, I have to tell you the staff must have rehearsed prior to the opening day.  As with many restaurants I've visited on the first day one can tell there were some wrinkles to iron out as far as food and service.  With The Henry was no such things as wrinkles on a cloth..  the food and service went far... far.. beyond my extreme highest expectations.  Allow me to point out a few highlights:1. The entire staff (greeter, host and wait staff) were very friendly and made the place very welcoming.2.  The food and service was impeccable.  The food tasted fresh and was of very high quality.  I had the 1/2 chicken and I never had a de-boned chicken before (only bone found was the leg piece - I almost thought I've already eaten the breastbone!). Also finished drinks and plates were promptly removed by literally the next waiter/waitress that passed our table, I doubt not that many wait staff returned to the kitchen with empty hands!3.  The establishment also has a coffee bar section with ample seating to break out the laptop and surf the web with their blazing fast wi-fi (I performed a speed test and clocked the wi-fi download speed at 10+Mbps !!).  I noticed there were like 3 other meeting rooms with TVs next to the coffee bar area and not certain if they are open for general seating during non-booked times (as I found more plug ins in there for laptops than in the main area). I look forward to chilling out in the coffee bar area after work in the near future.As with any of the foxrc establishments I've visited I've always experienced food and service to be far superior than other restaurants I've reviewed in the past.  Keep up the good work foxrc! As for the person who gave this place one star, I would imagine you will rate The Henry 5 stars upon your first visit! :-)
5	Another home run for Sam Fox!  Great food and great atmosphere.We had a rare family lunch today and decided to go somewhere new.  Kids menu was great for my youngest who is usually too picky to eat for cheap.Appetizers get a 10. Popovers were really good as we're the artichoke hearts.  Smoked salmon with potato pancakes is an appetizer but my wife had for lunch and loved it.  I had the quinoa tacos - something I've never seen on the menu and they were excellent.We were too full for dessert, but will be back again and will definitely try it next time.Brussels sprout Caesar salad was unique and something I will eat again.Almost forgot, our server Monica was really awesome! (As was the rest of the staff!)
4	The Henry is another home run for Fox Restaurant concepts. The extensive drink menu has an amazing selection of brown liquors and interesting concoctions. There is attention to detail in everything from decor to seasoning in the food  which makes this an amazing place to dine and drink.Coffee this morning was flavorful and robust. The espresso beans didn't have an overpowering roast, but it will definitely wake you up in the morning.I HIGHLY recommend the CB and Rye for lunch, as it is some of the most perfectly balanced, not too salty corned beef I've found. It keeps a meaty texture while still being incredibly juicy and tender. Excellent!Bar menu can't be overstated. The cocktails were interesting and worth the price, and as a beer connoisseur, I appreciated that the only thing "common" on tap was Stella (4 Taps with rotating seasonal). The bottled beer selection showed sophistication and makes this a great place for a business happy hour.The Henry would absolutely be 5 stars if it weren't for one big ambiance hindrance at a busy lunch -- it is INCREDIBLY loud in the restaurant. I heard about every 3rd word my server was saying and ended up a bit hoarse from talking so loudly to the people in my booth. If you're heading to the Henry at lunch time for a meeting, be sure arrange in advance and to ask for one of the more secluded meeting tables.
5	I tend to eat quickly, but the food at our brand new neighborhood restaurant, The Henry, was so spectacular that I took the time to savor every delicious bite.  From the starters (grilled artichoke hearts with Parmesan and truffle aioli, and some delicious cheddar popovers with ham butter) through the main course (wild mushrooms in hand-rolled tortelli with roasted squash and Brussels sprouts) to dessert (salted peanut butter bar), everything mouthful was a delight.Welcome to the neighborhood, Henry!  We're going to be good friends.
5	Delicious! Had the kale & garlic dip, kale salad and the cod. All simply wonderful. Ask for Craig! He was super attentive and genuine! I will return!
3	The Henry is a beautiful large comfortable spacious restaurant with one of the BEST lobbies I have ever seen. I like the cool modern retro kind of look and I also liked that they don't have car jockeys and you can just easily park yourself nice and close. It's almost like two restaurants in one. You can order at a counter near the entrance and order off the board there and seat yourself or you can get seated in the dining room. I noticed the two menus are different.They were very busy when I was there and had SEVEN hostesses on. Our wait was twenty five minutes for lunch.Our waiter seemed VERY WELL Trained and was very hospitable.We decided to split a salad and a sandwich for lunch.I felt a little differently about the salad than my husband. The salad was full of beautiful produce and fresh grains and spiked with blue cheese for flavor. It was good but a little on the bitter side because of lots radicchio in it. My husband really liked the taste of the salad but didn't like the texture of fresh cooked squash in the salad. For me I thought it was missing something but it was still a good salad made with EXCELLENT ingredients.Full Disclosure I am from the East Coast and have a certain way of what I think a corned beef sandwich should be like and what a Kaiser Roll should be like. I don't mean to blast The Henry for their artistic interpretation of a corned beef sandwich but from were I come from you might end up with new cement shoes and little fishes from the Schuylkill will be nipping at your noise for putting mayo on corned beef.  I'm not saying that other people wouldn't enjoy this sandwich but I don't think most people who know what a corned beef sandwich is MIGHT (or might not) be disappointed.The C. B. and Rye.        (Oy Vey)The roll was nicely flavored with rye and was VERY Fresh and delicate but wasn't like or resemble any kaiser roll I ever had and to me seemed more like a soft dinner roll. For me the roll didn't have enough structure to support the corned beef that I really had to bite threw. The corned beef wasn't tough but it didn't melt in your mouth either. The meat in my sandwich had snap to it and that feathery soft roll had to get squished. For me the flavoring was very mild for corned beef BUT still MUCH BETTER than the supermarket Boar's Head Brand because that stuff just sucks. The Mayo might have mellowed the flavor of the corned beef too. This seemed like the most interesting sandwich on the menu and I picked it because it was house made corned beef but it's a very watered down variation of what a corned beef can be.While waiting in the lobby for my table I noticed other sandwiches that looked very good like the grilled cheese (available in the self order section) and someone at the bar had a burger that really looked pretty and just like those staged ones from a magazine. So I think your experience can be better than mine.Give them a try see what you think.This review is based on only one lunch visit.
5	Being a Fox Concept, we assumed it'd be competent though maybe not exceptional.  We were floored by how absolutely terrific the place, food and service proved to be.  This is an experience very different than typical Fox.Korean skirt steak with tempura green beans atop curry rice is not to be missed.  Tried the wife's roasted tomato black bean chili which was terrific as well, though the Korean skirt steak is in a whole other league.Club house margarita was terrific.  Mule was good, thought I'd suggest it needs more ginger beer since the lime overpowered a bit.Croissant bread pudding was very yummy, didn't leave one bit of that.The space is really terrific, quite refined w/o being stuff.  Will be back to try their coffee shop and breakfast too.btw, might suggest reservations.  You might have a long wait if not unless you get a seat at the bar.  Lounge area is very nice, comfortable couches and chairs so that's a pleasant place to hang out with a drink and appetizer.
5	The Henry exceeded expectations this morning. Immediately upon walking in you know you're in for a treat. The staff was friendly and service was exceptional. Our outstanding server, Braden, recommended the Chicken Fried Chicken along with The Chevy Chase. I ordered the chicken and was not disappointed. Eggs cooked perfectly, chicken amazingly crispy, and the English muffins were phenomenal.Can't wait to return and give dinner a try, I'm sure it will be similarly fantastic. Not sure what's more surprising; the level of service for this new of a restaurant or the quality of food delivered.
4	The Henry is about as good of an atmosphere as you can get. It makes you feel like you've stepped into another world!!  The coffee bar is amazing. I highly recommend the "Cleo" coffee. We waited about 45 minutes for a table on a Sunday around 11:30 so clearly it's already a popular spot. Food came out very slow! Luckily we has a Bloody Mary to start. They came by with a Bloody Mary cart and it was amazing! Try the horseradish vodka in your bloody. To die for! We started with the matzah ball soup which was really flavorful and traditional. Then I had the chopped salad which was horrible.. The bacon was covered In sugar and overwhelmed the entire salad. It was not good. My sister had the smoked salmon appetizer on top of potato Latkes and that was delicious! Other people with us ordered breakfast and loved their food. Since it just opened I'm going to go back and try more things. The place is cute enough that it doesn't matter how great the food is because you want to go back for more!
5	Oh, Henry! Another fabulous addition to the Fox Concept family. Plus 1 right off the bat, a self-parking lot. Very large restaurant with multiple seating areas including a bar, a lounge area and an outdoor patio. The bf and I decided to risk showing up at 6pm without a reservation on the first Saturday night of its opening. 9:15pm was the first available table but we waited in the lounge area where you could order drinks and apps. After stalking a couple until they left, we grabbed a seat at the bar. For a busy night our server, Tanner, was awesome and attentive. As others have said it's loud, mainly because it's crowded not due to blaring music. For drinks, I ordered the Vodka and Pulp. Delicious and not too sweet. My boyfriend had the Fig & Ginger Mule which was a tasty twist on the traditional Moscow Mule.For apps we got the artichoke hearts. Grilled to perfection, flavorful and lined in a truffle aioli sauce. Perfect for two to share. We also had the smoked salmon on potato has browns. Came with 4 servings. Highly recommend this dish! For entree, we split the Korean Style Skirt Steak. Winner winner amazing dinner. The combination of flavors and sauces made this dish outstanding. Steak was perfectly cooked to a medium rare. Ended with the bread pudding. It was good. I'm not huge bread pudding fan but my bf loved it. The caramel ice cream atop was delicious. Oh, and they have a coffee and juice bar. Will have to try this and their breakfast next time!
1	So... They stop serving breakfast at 10. Sharp! They start lunch at 11. So basically, if you're out driving around and want something to eat at 10:03, you're out of luck here... No questions asked. How do I know? I tried asking if they'd be willing to serve a group of 4 of us that walked in at 10:03 and was met with that cold Scottsdale stare. You know the one I'm talking about. The one that proclaims if you want it your way, go to burger King. Fox is getting too big to keep tight controls on quality of service, and that my friends is sad because I used to love most of his establishments.
3	Disappointing. I was so excited upon arrival. Looked so pretty from the outside and there is parking! Such a huge plus in that area. Sat at one of the comfy seating arrangements in the bar area. Big mistake. As the restaurant fills up, people waiting for tables start to crowd into this area as the hostess stand is located nearby. It started to  1) get claustrophobic and 2) we completely lost sight of our waitress so ordering more drinks, obtaining water, and getting our check all proved difficult. We ordered drinks and appetizers at the same time. Another mistake. Appetizers all came out 10 minutes before the drinks arrived. I can understand drinks before food but the reverse is just awkward. My suggestion would be to wait a few weeks and given them some time to work out the kinks. With their corporate offices upstairs, I would assume they can work out glitches soon.
5	Stopped in for breakfast. The restaurant has a fantastic open vibe. No issues with noise...from start to finish we had a great time! Brent provided excellent service and Doug made an unbelievable Bloody Mary. We ordered eggs and the lox plate. The dishes came with a side of potatoes. They were probably the best potatoes I've ever had. I would order both dishes again!Great job Fox Restaurants!
5	Amazing!  We went on a Monday for lunch without a reservation.  We decided not to wait 30 minutes for a table and placed our order at the bar.  Orange hibiscus soda - light, tangy, and refreshing.  Brie toast - great! The pairing of the Brie, pears and pomegranate seeds was perfection.Popovers - light, fluffy, crispy. I preferred the herb butter (to the ham butter)Chicken (main dish) with brussel sprouts and macaroni & cheese - the chicken was crispy, and a little dry.  The sides made up for it. The brussel sprouts were amazing. I might try to order several side orders the next trip. The Mac & cheese was deliciously creamy. I can't wait to go back and try more of the menu.
4	Reconciling after our Ingo's spat (see previous review) Companion and I stumbled into The Henry on New Year's Eve and were greeted by three men in tuxedos and women in elegant gowns.  Taking them for Maitre D's and Hostesses, I immediately tipped the one who looked like he was in charge.  He dutifully escorted us to two seats in the center of the bar.Our bartender, Teddy, a cross between Nikki Six and late '70s Ronny Wood, informed me that the tuxedoed gent did not work for The Henry.  I was out a quick sawbuck.Undeterred, Teddy poured Companion a mean Martini and a capable Coors Light.  (No Miller Lite, so loss of a star immediately). The Menu was divided into appetizers, which looked great, and main courses, which looked expensive and enough food for the massive Offense Lineman of the visiting Fiesta Bowl Teams.Opting for smoked salmon and chilled shrimp, the food was tasty and filling enough for our needs.  Our attention turned to the atmosphere and people watching. The restaurant is cool and the clientele in the place was a combination of the hoi pollio, social elite, literary cognoscenti and hardened criminals.  Surely a good mixture for New Year's Eve celebration.The evening moved on to champagne, served in a traditional glass and not a flute! (Stay Classy The Henry!) The crowd got bigger and more energized and very well dressed.  Stepping out to use the facilities, when I returned Companion's chair was empty, the tuxedoed crowd had left and the large limo parked in the front was gone. She had opted for a better celebration.Consoled by Teddy and another Coors Light and running into my favorite The Henry person, Monica, I suffered through another sad New Year's Eve. HOWEVER, The Henry was a winner and I look forward to going again!
5	Finally! A fox-con that lives up to the hype.My girlfriend and I came here new year's eve before making our way to a party later in the evening. The Henry is spacious and its classy interior is eclectic without being whimsical.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable and didn't hesitate to recommend only the most expensive items on the menu. So I wouldn't recommend just saying yes to whatever they recommend to drink or you might end up with a $200 bottle of sparkling rose. Everything we tried on the limited New Year's Menu was fantastic.  The Cheese popover with the ham butter was unique. I would highly recommend the short rib. It's a true short rib in a delicious bourbon sauce that you can cut with your fork. Try the cauliflower polenta too. It was bright and buttery. This place is going to be a mainstay of the area and perhaps the most successful of the Fox concepts in the city.
3	I had a hard time deciding if I was going to give a 3 or 4 star. Let's face it...the place just opened up so there are bound to be some bumps in the road and some things they need to work on.The space itself is beautiful and very well laid out. You almost feel like you're in a fancy hotel lobby (don't take that as a negative). The bar is huge and they have a ton of seating and a cute patio. They even have a to go area that I'd like to try out.So my friend and I had a brief business meeting for lunch and we have been waiting for this place to open for a while. We arrived about 5 to 11 and i guess they close between 10-11 for lunch prep. We sat at the bar and waited for service and chatted for a bit. We didn't get a menu for a few minutes and when we did I feel like the bartender was a bit brash. He was nice enough but every time we asked for something, he would counter it with something else. I guess I was a little caught off guard because we clearly I ordered something we wanted, but I think he was trying to help us understand the menu more (at least I hope so). I guess I was just in a mood for what I wanted and didn't appreciate trying to be swayed. While we waited, we had the raspberry lemonade and a bloody. Both were great. The bloody was nice and spicy but not too strong as far as the booze. I guess when you pay, I don't even know how much, for a drink, you want to taste it to make sure you're getting your monies worth. Non the less, they were both great drinks.I ordered the popovers and a basic side salad and it was alright. Friend had the roasted brussels sprout caesar and the cauliflower polenta. The polenta was awesome and worth the wait (it came out about 5-10 minutes after we had everything else). I admit I went pretty tame for my order and she was a bit more adventurous. I had checked out the breakfast menu and there are far more items that look interesting and good to me. Like most places I eat, I will return and see if they can't make a believer out of me. We will be back :)
5	Great food, great service! The atmosphere is homy and welcoming, yet upscale and classy. Fox did a great job accomplishing this. The managers are helpful to staff and customers & the hostesses are extremely nice. Aj was my server. He was very friendly and professional. I told him to surprise me with his favorite coffee and dessert. He made great suggestions! The dessert was rich and tasty. The coffee was refreshing. I will definitely go back again soon and recommend it for any occasion.
5	The Henry exceeded all of my hopes and dreams.... oh, the cheddar popovers... and the caulflower polenta... I salivate just remembering the delectable flavors.  The best haricot vert (green beans) you'll ever have.  Nevermind the secret ingredient is butter.  It's amazing. You'll eat all your veggies here without a complaint.  Did I mention that the cheddar popovers come with ham butter?   It tastes like ham, melted into butter.  Really, it does. How does that even happen? I had a prime rib special. Not on the menu, and you are missing out.  The portion of meat was huge (14 oz, I think!) and it was cooked to perfection, served with aux jus. It was some of the best meat I think I've ever had at a restaurant.   My boyfriend had the short rib, which either tied for deliciousness or came in a close, close, close second by a hair. The prices are reasonable for the fantastic quality of food (plates $18 - 25 for the most part) and entrees include sides.  There is a good selection of interesting cocktails to choose from. I tried their version of the Moscow Mule with a twist.  It was great!  Drinks are a little pricey so check the drink lists before you order.  Waiters tried to upsell us on a bottle of wine that was $180.  Luckily, we checked the menu first! The ambiance is nice - it's spacious, light and open yet the volume is comfortable and setting intimate for a nice date night out on the town.  There is a huge patio, which I'll be excited to check out soon. I love the casual furniture that makes it feel warm, welcoming & casual if you are just going for drinks and to lounge with friends for happy hour. I can't wait to go back and explore the menu, so happy that this restaurant is in my Arcadia neighborhood.   Hold onto your hat Chelsea's Kitchen and LGO - the Henry is in town!!  This is the first Fox Concepts restaurant that I have given 5 stars to and will wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who asks.  Go forth and enjoy!!!
5	Love this place!
4	OY!  My mother would turn over in her grave!  Not because of anything bad but because The Henry's matzo ball soup is almost as good as hers!  And here we are at a trendy Arcadia restaurant.  Well,  mom, its true!  What a great place.  My head ached from turning around so much to look at everthing.  Amazing decor, something for everybody.  Whether you want a full breakfast, lunch or dinner, sit up at the bar, grab a danish & coffee, eat on the patio, or do business in the rooms set up for business and WIFI.  Our waitress, Dana, was helpful and guided us through our first visit (and it won't be the last).  Our Bloody Mary's were good and I had the matzo ball soup with the brussel sprout salad.  Perfect lunch before a movie.  But he best was the Prairie Breeze Popovers.  OMG.  They melted in our mouths.  I didn't partake of the dessert however, my friends had the bread pudding and said it was wonderful.  I held off on my 5th star for when I go to order a full meal.  And kudos to the ample parking lot.  Not usually available in that area.  Thanks again Dana.
3	Was excited to see this new space from Sam fox right next to their office. Per usual the decor is awesome and the place is buzzing. The food was good and pretty well priced and they have the best Moscow mule in the city and I love me a mule! The downsides were that it's so freaking loud in there you can't hear anyone, including your waiter. They need to adjust the acoustics. Seriously. And it took a long time to get our food, so long that a manager came out an apologized for it. Overall it was a pretty good experience. I would say that everyone seemed to be the Scottsdale over 45 crowd...who may wear their daughters jeans and have had some work done. But to each their own so if you are in the market for some good looking middle aged people go get yourself a drink and a date here!
4	Great food, okay coffee, nice staff still working out some of the bumps.  A bit high priced for a place calling itself a neighborhood restaurant. Will be back!
4	I had physical therapy for 4 weeks straight in the same business complex as The Henry. But it didn't open until my third week. So, to celebrate my final session, my mom and I went over there for a late lunch. This place, at least that day, pretty much embodied a healthy cross-section of Arcadia residents. First off, it was really crowded with, I'm betting, people who are Sam Fox loyalists. To avoid a wait for a table, we agreed to sit at a communal table. We ended up next to a group of five. They looked like they had just gone hiking or the two 30-something sisters went to yoga and the rest did something healthy and active. The patriarch in the group was going gaga because he had seen Sam Fox himself on his way inside and got up the nerve to say "How's it going Sam?" LOL. There were also a lot of well-dressed business people even though it was that slow week between Christmas Day and New Year's. There were also a lot of people with groups of kids--all well-dressed but a bit hyper of course.I really like the decor set-up. It's very modern but industrial. There's a bicycle on the staircase that's behind the coffee bar area but not sure if it's someone's actual bike they use or it's there to give urban "street cred." You can go in just for the coffee bar that offers pressed juices. As for the food, I was really impressed by the cheddar popovers with the smoked ham butter. They were so airy. I felt like they didn't fill me too much before my warm salmon salad arrived. That salad is probably the best healthy option. I couldn't believe how they combined pretty much every vegetable you hate as a child--cauliflower and brussel sprouts --but made it really flavorful. The salmon was cooked just right. So many times, restaurants screw up salmon. My mother had the C.B. and rye (housemade corn beef). The corn beef was tender but they really pile it on. It's a big sandwich. It keeps well for leftovers the next day, which you might need. Considering the crowd of people who are very trendy and the wait, I may let some time pass before I eat there again unless it's on my way to another destination. But overall, I'd take someone here. There's a big enough parking lot that you don't have to do the valet.
5	Just had my first meal here and I'm already planning my next visit!What a great addition to the Arcadia area.  The atmosphere is stellar, very big and open, trendy but not over the top.  They were completely booked and we had no reservation but luckily we found two spots in the bar area and were able to order right away.  We decided to share a few things since deciding on one item seemed impossible.  We got the popovers with ham butter (YUP it's a real thing), grilled artichoke hearts, and salmon salad.  We ate every drop of food and were so satisfied - seriously, I'm coming back ASAP to try more things on the menu.  A++ Henry!
2	Slow down everybody, let's not go overboard here. The food is mediocre, basically consisting of obviously pre-prepped items. Nothing tastes as if it were cooked from a raw state. The brussels  sprouts were soggy and obviously re-heated prior to serving.  The bar is lively and inviting so I suggest that you stop by for a drink at happy hour and then head to one of the many better restaurants in the area for dinner.
5	This is my favorite Fox Concept restaurant.  I couldn't believe it.  The place is beautiful and so far the food we have tasted has been amazing.  My husband cannot get enough of the Korean skirt steak.  I took a few bites and I almost wanted to order that.  I rather save my calories for the drinks and dessert.  The Fig and Ginger mule is my favorite, specially when Tanner makes it, although Christina did a really good job also.  I cannot have enough of the Croissant Bread Pudding, it is a diet buster, but so worth it.  Next time I am going to have the salmon appetizer, the person sitting next to us at the bar recommended it highly.  It looked delicious.
1	Wanted to have lunch here today.  Not even a chance of finding a parking spot.  We even went in the back of the entire complex and not a spot to be had that wasn't marked "reserved."  So many of these new restaurants don't supply adequate parking for their patrons! Very disappointing!
5	New favorite restaurant and meal! This is an incredible neighborhood eatery. I got the roasted chicken with Mac & cheese and mashed potatoes and I don't think it could've been any better. The service is also the best I've received at any restaurant I've been to. Everyone was kind and went over the top to please us. I HIGHLY recommend The Henry to anyone looking for somewhere to eat in the Phoenix area.
4	***This review is for the breakfast bar.***I've been thinking about going in for awhile now and I am so glad that I did! This place is adorable. It looks like a library meets a hotel lobby. It definitely could be a wonderful place to work from home or for a business meeting. As for the food, I tried the egg sandwich and the salted carmel sticky bun. OMG the salted carmel sticky bun was out of this world and it was especially nice because it wasn't too heavy like a normal cinnamon bun. It was thinner and lighter. The egg sandwich was solid and enjoyable.The only downside (which wasn't big) is that the coffee is just so-so and they only have one option to choose from, but that could change since they are new.Overall a great experience and I will definitely be returning!
5	Atmosphere was great, decor reminded me of by southern upbringing.  The drinks were tasty and the food was fantastic.  Will definitely go back. Fox does it again.
5	My group had a great experience overall at The Henry. We dine out a lot, and we're picky about food. We were initially concerned after looking at the menu that there weren't enough choices. But we were wrong. The food was flavorful, and I loved the dish I ordered. The atmosphere is perfect for a Saturday night out, it was lively, comfortable and almost felt like a modern speak-easy. I felt like I was at a bar restaurant back East. I personally loved the coffee bar too.I think our good experience was also attributed to our waiter Luis. He was patient with all of our questions, answered every question carefully, made sure we were happy with our meals, made suggestions based on our needs, and then allowed us to sit and talk after our meal without rushing us out. This is a rare experience in the restaurant industry. Amazing food, first-rate service, another win for Fox Restaurants.
4	HELLO FOX RC!    First of all, um, The Henry rocks. What I love about this place: When I walk in everyone is dressed up either like they spend their Sunday sitting in lounges like Mad Men or they just left church. Either way, I'm digging it. The decor is wonderful, it's a Mad Men era-esque style with a modern vibe.  Call ahead, seems like breakfast on the weekends gets busy and you need a reso.They have a juice and coffee bar with danish and other delights available for eating in their sofa / lounge / community table area if you don't want to wait. Full menu isn't avail there though.Service was a little slow but it was 10 AM on Sunday, and who's in a rush anyway?My friend had the moscow mule (it comes in the correct copper mug), it looked awesome. I wasn't drinking, only having coffee, but their bloody mary cart looked cool and had infused tito's vodka selections.I ordered the egg white turkey swiss omelet but with the whole egg, not just the white part. LOL. Also I had the fresh grapefruit juice and aforementioned coffee + cream. Very delicious. Breakfast potatoes came on the side. Not a huge menu but definitely something for everyone. Looks like they have good sammies and salads too. Will most definitely be back. :D
5	This place is the BEST FOC Concept Restaurant! Took my family there and EVERYONE enjoyed it. The atmosphere was fun, classy, and yummy! Our server David was very knowledgable about the menu. Check this neighborhood spot out!
5	Amazing food, amazing style.  We had mixed drinks, appetizer, salad, main course, and dessert; each 5 stars.  And this place feels like home.  Not my home, but maybe a rich friend's parents' home.  So much so that I felt appreciative that they offered to let me eat with them.  Stupid I know, but it's the truth.  That being said, I LOVE a place that feels fancy, where I wonder if they are okay with me bringing my toddler, then they bust out the high chair and kid's menu.  I'll no doubt be coming back here, often.Definitely note that you'll want a reservation (at least for dinner on weekends from my experience).  We eat dinner early, like 'old people' early, but getting there at 5:00 was not early enough to get us a table on a Saturday.  The next weekend I called on Thursday only to find Saturday was already fully booked, so we reserved for Sunday.  Point of story, call ahead.
5	This is the first Fox Restaurant that I want to return to.  Normally the food is mediocre at Fox Restaurants but this place definitely stands out.  The ambiance is very trendy and it has a very fun vibe.  Make sure you have reservations though otherwise you will not get a table.Now for the food...everything I tried was delicious!  The chicken gyro is very tasty and their half baked chicken leaves you wanting more.  The mac n cheese is a great side dish too!  I had the bread pudding for dessert and it was enough for 4 people.  I will definitely be returning!
4	Wow! went to The Henry last night to check it out. The food WAS amazing. There were eight of us so we literally ordered every appetizer available and  the wild mushroom  tortelli as well to try. All of them were great, really delicious. My entree was the star of the show however. A pork chop that was both smokey and succulent atop spinach and a cauliflower polenta that was out of this world. The pork was Niman Ranch the best meat you can buy and you could tell !!  The service was spot on.  It was very noisy in there but we were seated next to the open kitchen .I am sure there are more quite sections. I  highly recommend The Henry and  cannot wait to go back and try some of the other enticing options on the menu.
5	Great atmosphere, fantastic kids menu, delicious food, outstanding service, and in the neighborhood. So excited to have The Henry here. We highly recommend the Swedish meatballs, the cauliflower polenta is amazing, and sitting by the kitchen line is fun to watch.
3	The best thing I can say The Henry has going for it is the venue -- spacious - and the customer service - friendly and accommodating.   But honestly, I wasn't impressed with the meal.  Even with a week and a half lead time, the only time available (for four people) was 4:45pm on a Friday evening.   We ordered the artichoke hearts for appetizers and our drinks.   My friend tried the drink recommended by our server - The Red Stiletto - but like the food, the name was way more impressive than the food actually tasted.   For the record, I honestly thought the artichoke heart appetizer was delicious, but we all joked and asked when the rest of the appetizer was going to be served.I ordered the Chicken Gyro sandwich.   I'm use to the Greeks who pile on the meat.  This sandwich had very little chicken (which was pounded down to thin strips).  The flavor was great, but the pita bread was overpowering any meat or filling.We ordered the bread pudding for desert.   It was good, but kind of dry.  So the short of this experience is this:   I can't find anything really wrong with this establishment. The restaurant definitely caters to Scottsdale (yup, I just stereo-typed) and to hipsters.   It's loud, but I liked the roominess of the room and the patio.  But after all the rave reviews, I was left under-whelmed by the foodie-experience.
1	Atmosphere was great, service not so much. Had a parade of "not busy staff" stare at me for 15 minutes before I asked the hostess for a menu. Still that didn't spark service. When our server finally surfaced, I asked for any specialty vodka drinks. She said there were none. After my wine arrived, saw their signature drink, vodka pulp. Went to bar, same server wiped off food from bar, or at least 6 inches of it. Asked again to clean, then gave up and cleaned myself including heaps of food on bar chairs .  She sure was there when I asked for the check, wish the rest of our service was that attentive. Aside from the bartender, staff seemed disengaged. Won't be going back.
3	Okay, this is a great new place.  Has the Hillstone vibe.  Beautiful furnishings, incredible staff.  Really, I mean incredible.  Our waitress was phenomenal, and one of the guys (A.J.) was extremely friendly, and knowledgeable.  There was also a guy named Doug that was very friendly and stopped by to say hi.The pros:1.  Really nice ambiance (great place to take your clients)2.  Great staff (knowledgeable, energetic, and very friendly)3.  Really good food 4.  Fair and honest drinks ( a tad pricy mind you, but that is par for the course at a nice restaurant).The one thing you CANNOT GO WRONG ON is the artichoke appetizer.  I am not lying when I say that is the BEST I HAVE EVER HAD, and I doubt anyone can top it.  It comes with an amazing cream sauce, and will BLOW YOUR MIND!!!The cons1.  Parking isn't the best, but okay.2.  Main courses (limited selections (which I often think is a good thing, but compared to Hillstone - my caddilac of restaurants, it doesn't compare.3.  I would not waste $28 bucks on the short ribs (which is what I ordered) - you get like two ribs and one was basically all fat - horrible value for the money).  4.  I can'e be much more positive over what my wife ordered (the Chevy Chase steak sandwich), which was just okay and not worth advocating for (I n fact, I wish I could have charged it to the Underhills bill if you know what I mean)!! Maybe that's how they named it?   Hahahaha5.  Sam Fox, the owner, was present, but he did not come by to say hi.  If it were me, I would take an hour and make the rounds.  All in all, it is a good place, I will go back to sit at the bar, sip a nice wine, beer or cocktail, and order the artichoke appetizer.  To me, that's where it's at.  I will still take my best guests and business clients to Hillstone.Have fun, and find your sizzle!Attorney Steve, the business and real estate lawyer.http://www.attorneysteve.net
4	This was our first visit to the Henry and we will definitely be back. Reservations recommended. We arrived at 8:45 for our 9pm reservation and it was still packed. The atmosphere is great though to sit and chat and have a cocktail, which we did. We had their "figgy mule" an it was delicious!When we were seated the staff was courteous and we were greeted promptly by our server. He had a great personality and was super helpful with menu Recommendations. We started with the popovers with ham butter.  These were absolutely delicious. The only strange thing about this was when we got the bill. I'm assuming the order only comes with three popovers but we are a party if four so they charged extra for the single popover. Not a big deal but it would be nice if it was mentioned on the menu.For out entrees I ordered the Gemmeli with Black Truffles and my husband ordered the Branzino. The Gemmeli was incredible!  The house made bacon delicious. My husbands Branzino though, not the greatest. Which was sad because it came highly recommended by the server an it was on the higher price point on the menu. The greens and mushrooms were phenomenal but I feel the fish wasn't cooked the way I'm used too. Most sea bass I've had melts in my mouth. This not so much. We did end the night on a high note with the croissant bread pudding. Absolutely amazing!!  I would go back for the bread pudding and coffee alone. Overall, a great experience and we will definitely head back!
3	Unfortunately this trip wasn't better than the last - if  possibly worse.Boyfriend and friends hadn't been here yet and wanted to have a visit and a nice dinner. I was reluctant but I knew I needed to get back here for them to redeem themselves from my last visit. I love their patio. It was great to have the opportunity to enjoy it on a nice night. Our server came over to us immediately and took our drink orders which was nice. One of our friends took a bit longer to decide what she wanted so you would think that he would grab the 3 other drinks and check back in a few....well 20 minutes later he came back and took her drink order and 10 minutes after that we all got our drinks - just the three of us...After we got our drinks, he tried to go do something else but we had to tell him that we wanted to order apps -I mean we had 30 minutes at this point to look over the menu. When our apps came out is when the last of us got our drinks. That was my first annoyance of the night. By the way, we didn't have silverware or napkins and had to ask someone else for them. When this random brought it over, he brought over 4 sets of silverware with one napkin....I had to get up and go get the napkins for the rest of the table.We ordered the chicken and the egg app and our friends had the artichoke app. Normally, I don't like huge portions and actually love small plates but this appetizer was so small! There were two small bites of chicken, probably a quarter of a cup of stuffing and the egg. What makes me so mad is that I loved it! It tasted great but it drives me up a wall when you pay a decent amount for a small amount of food -and don't get me wrong, I am all about quality over quantity, but this was pushing it for me. Our friends enjoyed their dish but had the same complaint.For my entree I had the Korean skirt steak with fried rice and green beans. Boyfriend had the pork chop, friend 1 had the peanut covered bass and friend 2 had one of the veggie dishes which I can't remember. The portions sizes on this were perfect and everyone enjoyed the food. It was really good. The fish tasted too fishy to me but friend 1 loved it so don't worry about that.Since the portions were large, we had some leftovers and asked for them to be boxed up and in the meantime to receive the bill. Well we certainly received the bill but waited for a while for our leftovers.....that never came! They threw out our leftovers. I know shit happens but it was just icing on the cake for me. I asked to talk to a manager and he was very sweet and offered to cook us up more food, but at 8pm on a Sunday, you want to be able to fall into food coma, not wait longer. I appreciated him offering us more food but my intention wasn't to get anything for free, just to let him know the issues with the service and he took them kindly. I think its really hard to go and spend $90 per couple (beer and wine included in that price) and have service like that. I know they are knew, I know there are kinks, but in my mind, a Fox Concepts restaurant that has a million places already going and successful should have service kinks like that worked out. Since the entrees were good, boyfriend really wants to return. Again I am reluctant to go back for a while but we shall see. I really want to like this place - everywhere else in Arcadia is awesome.
3	It's a hassle to get served if you don't have a reservation.  The bar area is packed and you really have to move fast to score a place to sit.That being said, the swedish meatballs were excellent!
5	The Henry is really good. I've been there twice now, nice crew, good servers. The food is very tasty and they have nice vegetarian options. I do suggest making a reservation. Oh and the blueberry pie is delicious. I'll be back!!
3	We planned my sister's 30th birthday at The Henry.  I went to make the reservation for Sunday evening at 7pm for 15 people.  They said that the max reservation size was 12.     Okay, we made it for 12.  Then they asked us to change the time to 530pm or 830pm and that they preferred not to seat a large party during peak dinner hour.  When we said no and we would make the reservation elsewhere, they said okay.  They also said that preferred if we didn't bring balloons or a cake.  They said this with a bit of a snooty attitude.  We were a little caught off guard with all this.  I guess we thought they would welcome a large party, not make things difficult.  We thought about cancelling out of principal, but decided to keep the reservation.We arrived a few minutes early and it took about 20 minutes to be seated.  Once we were seated, we ordered drinks which were great, but too a long time.  No bid deal.  We ordered dinner and it actually came out pretty quickly.  Overall, the food was very good.  I think our table ordered every entree on the menu.  Both pasta dishes were very good.  The chicken was also good, but mine was luke warm when it arrived.  It tasted great and the sides were also very good.  The fish also got very good reviews.  The only thing that was not well received was the short rib.  The taste was good, but it was really fatty and not much meat.  We didn't order dessert.The staff and servers were great.  Overall, I would likely go back, but I wish our first experience with the staff making the reservation was more positive.  If so, I would have probably given this review 4 stars.
5	I finally found a Bread Pudding that I would brag about. The best bread pudding in Phoenix.Like everything Sam Fox does, it was well designed. Since it is still brand new it was crazy packed so we enjoyed the patio. You couldn't really feel like this had been a parking lot in a drab office building months before.
5	Henry must be a popular guy! This newest addition to the FRC collection was an excellent setting for my mom's birthday. Since we are frequenters of the others, this restaurant had to live up to not only those standards, but also the hype apparent by the necessary reservations and vibrant din on a Thursday evening.To start, we ordered the smoked Norwegian salmon and artichoke hearts. I really liked both, though the salmon was my favorite - the potato cake consistency was like a mini crab cake. My mom wasn't too keen on her Brussels sprout salad which they took off our bill without skipping a beat. Dinner was a tough, down to the second type decision. Everything on the menu looked so good. I opted for the skirt steak with fried rice. The meat was recommended medium and somewhat chewy but the flavors altogether were outstanding. My fiancee ordered the half chicken, so if you've been to one of these restaurants before, you know how good that was. And, it comes with two sides. My mom ordered the Branzino, a highly tender and delicious fish option that I suggest you try. Normally a finicky eater, she ate every bit!Birthday dessert was their peanut butter bar served with ice cream. Cue the spoon fighting! It didn't take long for us to wipe the plate clean. They really did a wonderful job at charming, feeding and celebrating with us on our special occasion.
5	Henry is by far the most beautiful of the places created by Sam Fox. Simply perfect! I went there for brunch with my sister today and got there at 10:30. They still let us order breakfast and took really good care of us. Great job and will make this place a regular for sure! :)Also get the breakfast burrito! Sooo good!
3	It's the cutest restaurant in town with great service and fun menu.  Only problem is as other Sam Fox restaurants the food was quite salty.
4	Awesome place to people watch. I stopped by for a few drinks and sat on the front patio facing Camelback. Really fun to watch beautiful, fancy-looking people come in and out of the place. I called ahead about happy hour and was told 4-6:30 $5 wells and $2 off cocktails, wine and beer. Turns out it was just 4-6pm and $2 off draft beers and wine. But the wine list doesn't show which are on tap so good luck with that.  My waitress also tried to convince me we that ordered a round of drinks after the 6pm cutoff. She gave some attitude and made it seem like a big deal having the manager make the price change.  Unfortunately for her, I had closed another bill at the bar just after we had ordered said round of drinks and the time stamp was 5:52pm. I circled that time on the receipt and left it with my tip. I was really liking this place and she kind of ruined the mood for me. I told her I wasn't trying to be cheap ($2, no big deal) but I like to receive the correct price for something I order and not be lied to about it.I've yet to try the food but will update this review once I make a return visit.
4	Food consistenly good and a touch above other FRC outlets.  Korean skirt steak and quinoa tacos very good. Smoked salmon appt and artichoke dip were nothing special, however.  Liked that the booths were well separated so that it wasn't that loud given how crowded it was. However, though we had reservation, weren't seated until an hour later. Quite the scene (like Olive + Ivy during the boom years?), I could have cast RHOS there. People in more expensive cars than you have no problem parking poorly in the narrow parking spaces, making the process of getting into your car after dinner Cirque-du-Soleil worthy.Sam, please put in a valet.  These "millionaries" can't park!
3	Food was amazing!! Went with, Group of six, every one of our meals was amazing. And thank god it was, because it was some of the worst  service I have ever received. Service was so slow, it took 40 minutes for our first drinks  to be received, it was an hour by the time our appetizers hit the table, which was the same time the other half of our drinks came to table. It was a chore to track down our server, when we asked someone else for help it happened to be manager... His level of concern was underwhelming and he offered to buy my drink, which he did... But on a 300 tab it was tough to notice, when all 6 of us received poor service. This place could easily be a 4 or 5 star rating, food no complaints, atmosphere awesome and what you expect with a fox concept, service needs extreme improvements.
4	What a great restaurant.  The moment you walk in you feel comfortable.  The ambiance is uplifting and refreshing.  The menu items are very diversified. I have tried something different each visit (which have been many)  and have never been disappointed, but very pleased, as well as everyone in our party.The carmelized broiled grapefruit on their breakfast/lunch menu is a winner; the coffee cake is outstanding and their entrees are equally as good. Kudos to Managers Doug and Nate and their staff.  They are a very well-trained crew and do an outstanding job.  This is definitely on our list of favorite restaurants.
4	Generally, I am unimpressed with FRC restaurants and have had subpar experiences. Not so at The Henry. Overall, the newest addition to the group wowed myself and out entire group.  Food was above average, service was above average and the cocktails stood out for sure (their version of a Moscow Mule is delish!) There were 5 in our group, and we all ordered various meat entrees (I can't speak for the apps myself but my friends were all ohh-ing and ahh-ing over the cheese popovers, Swedish meatball, & chicken and the egg. I am on a stupid diet that doesn't allow any of that fun stuff).  I had the porkchop with cauliflower polenta and chard.  I was surprised by the size of the entree and how perfectly it was cooked.  I ate every last bite and tried the short rib as well which I probably would have ordered if I did it over again.  Maybe next time. The menu seems to be more varied and extensive than other FRCs I've been to, which is nice.I would love to go back for brunch!
2	I find it hard to believe that The Henry has been open two months.  My experience there this afternoon was more like a soft opening experience. I arranged to meet some friends at The Henry to try it out.  Being a big fan of Fox Restaurants my expectations may have been high.  Combined with the fact that there has been a lot of news about Fox going national AND the corporate office being upstairs....  I was really expecting something like Olive and Ivy +1. Finding the front door and hostess station at The Henry is your first challenge.  They are both well designed to cause confusion.  I managed to wave down a server and ask where the front door was and she let me know I had just entered it.  Imagine my confusion as I was standing in the middle of the dining room.  She then pointed out the hostess stand where 5 bored looking servers and 4 confused hostesses hunched over something on an old office desk.  I followed an equally confused couple to the crowd and listened as it was explained where HH was served.  The couple walked away after having a minor melt down similar to the one I felt brewing, as did the servers, leaving me alone with 2 of the hostesses that (not realizing I was not with the couple) turned back to their desk and completely ignored me.  This after telling the couple it was their first day.  Listen ladies... first rule of the hospitality industry.... be hospitable??!   Once I stepped up and overheard them talking about their outfits I interrupted to let them know I would sit on the patio with my 6 friends (which she had JUST explained to the couple was open seating).  I witnessed SHEAR PANIC on this young womans face as she stammered out: '"Six?!... Ummmm.... The server should be here soon for that area I'll see if I can find them if you want to wait"'.  Really?  Its open seating, its not staffed, I've been in this restaurant for 15 minutes now, and I havent spoken to a single person I didn't initiate conversation with.  I eventually found a seating area inside, 1 foot from another couple, on my own, and we had our drinks.  HH is drinks only, and kind of weak at that.... $2 off well and $5 beer from 4pm-6pm M-F, no food specials.  Not that there is any munchy food on the menu... its all pretty frou frou, as is the crowd: botox be thy name.  I've heard over and over that the food is amazing, but I couldn't care less.  If you cant make me feel welcome and blow me away with atmosphere and HH specials there are about 1000 other places in the area code that can,  including North Arcadia where we had a amazing dinner after hastily departing The Henry.  Do yourself a favor and wait another 6 months for The Henry to work out its growing pains.
4	Still confused as to which crowd rocks The Henry more - old, well-to-doers, hot middle-agers, or sexy, successful late 20/30-year-olds? Whatever the case, the food at The Henry knocks it out of the ballpark although the  lovely decor can feel contrived. For the most part one really does feel transported to the designer's location of inspiration. In this case, at the Henry, I feel as though I'm entering an English bar and in the tiny lounge area, I feel like I'm sitting in the Waldorf Astoria.  Outside on the patio however, I feel like I'm sitting in a Phoenix parking lot. It would have been neat had they installed a small English courtyard with beautiful flowers and vines in the back. I must say that the food is delicious.  The salmon and hashbrown appetizer is excellent.  They make a yummy Old Fashioned too!
3	Indulgence at The Henry this week to beat the Valentine's Day rush.  Appetizers fail to knock our socks off and Swedish meatballs appear slightly undercooked.  Service is very good and quite professional. Main vegan (squash) entree was a bit sweet for my taste - was it supposed to be accompanied by a side salad? Salmon salad does contain fun surprising flavors. Wine list is not for the budget minded and is committed to a low price point of $59 bottle.  Also, a happy hour was not noted. Hmm, how about a little give back for future loyal customers?Quite glad that we ate outdoors as interior is way LOUD, as reputed.  Crowd appears to be from local zip code. The patrons are fully aware that partying here is hip and reduces the drive home plus use of a dishwasher. Clearly, good marketing by Fox.Indeed, the patio is well laid out and invites folks to relax and spend hours here in the comfortable benches and fun outdoor textures. Unique patio trees. Please relocate gas heaters from touching overhead outdoor lighting. Perhaps the only design flaw?
3	4 Stars for the design, ambiance and service... 3  for the food.  Not feeling like rounding up to 4 starts . A friend and I came in on a Saturday evening, we arrived and were seated in the main dining room quickly.  Our first visit we were determined to try and share a variety of dishes to get a good feel of the menu.  We started with drinks I ordered the Ginger Cooler (which was bold and flavorful).  Going for a 3-4 course affair we started with the popovers (lured in by the ham butter on top of the fact they are popovers, I am a big popover fan).   They came out quickly ...I am not used to this for popovers. Leary I touched the popover to find it barely warm.  The plate they were served on seemed warmer.  We advised the waiter and they brought out (just as quickly) another pair.  A little warmer.  Ok, I guess this is their thing.  The ham butter was good but the herb butter was our favorite.  The rich full flavor of the butter and the distinct fresh herb flavor really picked up the warmish popovers.  Next we tried the Roasted Brussels Sprout Cesar.  The Cesar dressing was spot on, with a lovely present anchovy flavor and was not like a creamy ranch like dressing as done in so many places anymore. I wished for a bit more brussel sprout and a little less romaine lettuce.  The main course was tough to decide upon.  We finally went for the Gemelli pasta with bacon.  Now this was a total comfort food, pasta cooked to perfect al dente, rich smooth cream sauce and large chunks of ham/bacon.  I would go back for this.  When it came time for dessert we asked the question, (based on what we had thus far which we overall considered just ok),"Was it worth getting/trying? "  We decided to pass on dessert.  We absolutely loved the decor and ambiance, while i do see myself returning in the future it is not something I am rushing to get back to all that soon.
4	Great atmosphere and food. Cool music playing (not too loud). Had a nice time. Like that there isn't valet parking.
2	Went here with my friends this morning and was disappointed. The place looks great but the service is lacking - very inattentive. We waited a long time for our server. Once we ordered, she seemed to disappear. Our coffee and water were empty for long periods. Empty plates sat for a long time. The food took a very long time to come out (30+ minutes). I was not impressed with the food - I've had better at other places.
5	Boyfriend and I visited The Henry early on a Saturday night. It was a warm day so we sat outside on the patio which has a very pleasant, laid back atmosphere.We started with an order of cheddar popovers, served with ham butter and herb butter. They come in an order of 3. They were good but not amazing. The butters were really good though. If they had a bread basket and served it with these butters, that would be a knockout. For our dinners I ordered the pork chop and boyfriend got the Chevy Chase, which is a steak sandwich. He really enjoyed his sandwich a lot. The steak was done just right and the roll was fresh. The fries were cut really thin and were tasty as well.My pork chop was delicious. First of all, it was huge - a very thick, bone-in chop. It was served with caramelized onions on top, a cauliflower "polenta" and chard. All the items were cooked to perfection and the flavors went together very well. The chop was tender and juicy, the chard was full of flavor and the cauliflower was a nice way to round everything out. Even the onions were good and I usually hate onions. I would definitely order it again.For dessert we ordered the chocolate cake. It is served in a jar, which we were not expecting - we thought it would be a slice - but once we took at bite we didn't care how it was served, it was so good! It's ooey, gooey goodness in a jar is what it is. Get it, you'll love it.I can see why this place has gotten so many great reviews and why they're saying this is the best Fox restaurant yet. I have to agree - from the atmosphere to the service to the food, this place is fantastic. I like all Fox restaurants, honestly, but this one does stand out as one of the top. I can't wait to go back and try their brunch.
4	Congrats to FRC on creating yet another awesome dining option in my hood!I love that The Henry...-is super close to my house-has a decent sized parking lot-has a fast casual option as well as a sit-down option-offers a diverse menu for any time of day including coffee and smoothies, breakfast sandwiches, lunch salads, sandwiches, and entrees-has some fabulous cocktails-has a solid free wifi connection-and a kids' menu too!I've been in during the day a few times and once for a date night.  To date, I've tried the following menu items:-americano (I know - boring... but I do plan on trying some of their specialty coffee drinks in the future!)-protein smoothie-chef chopped salad-warm kale & roasted garlic dip-wood grilled artichoke hearts-Thai peanut black cod-vodka & pulp cocktailEverything I've had to date, I've been pleased with... and it's worth noting that even if you order from the coffee bar, they are accommodating and will customize a menu item for you.  For example, when I ordered my chopped salad, I requested no ham and added avocado... and it was no problem!FRC did a great job with the ambiance and modern decor too... the place has great energy to it!  I haven't taken advantage of the outdoor seating just yet, but they also have a pretty spacious outdoor patio.  Last thing to note: MAKE A RESERVATION!  I attempted to head in for lunch one week day with a party of 2 (without a reservation) and it would have been over an hour wait.  And on the Saturday night date night, we never would have gotten seated if it weren't for our reservation.  This place gets packed... and for good reason!
2	Ok....went here yesterday for a birthday celebration with party of eight. Asked for waters for all...two people were brought water. Finally, all of us received water, after asking once again.  I ordered Cab Sauvignon wine and was poured a white wine...which I refused. My husband ordered a second can of Hef beer (they only have four beers on tap - the rest is canned or bottled)...when he ordered a second, he showed the server his can and she SNARKELY said "Sir, I KNOW what you ordered." My husband and I exchanged glances. When the bill came, I grabbed the calculator on my phone....and figured out what my husband and I owed....then added up what everyone else put on the table so that we could leave our server a 20-25% tip. It added up. Then a SECOND person at our table added everything up...came out the same. When all was paid, the server was sent BACK to our table because her manager said we didn't leave enough money to cover the bill and leave a tip!  The manager then came over to speak with us.  HOW, when TWO separate people added everything up prior to giving our money to the server, we agreed  that there was enough to cover the bill AND leave a nice tip????  I have NEVER HAD THIS HAPPEN TO ME.  We have two daughters in the food industry and KNOW the importance of leaving a generous tip.My husband and I frequent the Fox Restaurants often as we support local. HOWEVER.... After this experience it is doubtful that we will eat at another Fox Restaurant for a long time.....there are other locally-owned places to spend our time and money....LGO and Chelsey's Kitchen, Upward Foundation's Postino, Federal Pizza, JoyHouse Taco, and Windsor, Oregano's, Bianco Pizza, Cibo, etc., where our money, and our friend's and coworker's money can be spent and we won't have this kind of treatment. SHAME ON THE HENRY STAFF.... This was not a good ending to an enjoyable night out with friends. I LOVED the decor and feel of this restaurant, however it was so loud that we had to shout across the table to talk.... the service was so-so.... the food was GREAT!
3	I tried many times to get a table at the Henry...but the wait has always been a little crazy, so we usually end up somewhere else.I finally went there for brunch.  And I saw why there was always a wait.  I think once they open up the patio full time, there will not be a problem. My issue was the menu.  I just wasn't that overly impressed by it.  My server (and a couple of other servers actually) recommended the same dish for brunch. (The chicken fried chicken)  While I am sure it was delicious, it wasn't what I was looking forward to, but it seemed like they couldn't recommend anything else! I ended up with the Le Pig, which was good.  I also had the coffee cake, which really wasn't that appetizing.  I do want to go back for the bread pudding though.Maybe I am just not into the hype of everything, but I just thought it was ok.  But the big perk was the bloody mary cart....that is a PLUS for me :)
4	My experience here was wonderful! Their menu indicates which items can be gluten free which was very convenient. And their kale salad is honestly the BEST I've ever had in the valley. Sooooo good.
4	Very nice room. Food was tasty. Definitely a perk for those who live in the neighborhood.
5	Another Sam Fox restaurant? I am there! Went there for lunch on a Sunday afternoon and walked in and was seated right away. Great weather to eat outside. The service was excellent and the patio was spacious and perfect. Had the Diner Burger with a scrambled egg and 2 egg breakfast. The burger was excellent and prepared as requested. The 2 egg was was good and came with seasoned potatoes which were very well.Have been wanting to try out this restaurant and will come back for dinner soon.Thank you again Sam Fox!
1	I was underwhelmed the first time at The Henry, and subsequently, my best friend dined there and rated it one star, Against better judgment, we decided to give it another shot. We went with another couple, to celebrate his birthday. Our server made the evening enjoyable, simply by her incompetence providing laughs.He ordered a bottle of champagne , and was served a glass. We pointed it out,, and she tried to tell us that we did not order a bottle. Well, we all heard it, and she was wrong. She relented, and said she would go get it, and tried to take the glass away. We all know it was going in the trash - so when we told her not to take it away and she said she'd add the glass to our check, we all looked at each other, then her, and asked her to leave it. She agreed, and said she would have to charge us for it. I was flabbergasted. Ultimately her coworker witnessed the event and took it off for us.The entire evening went like that. It was like she couldn't agree with us on anything. She closed out the evening without disappointing our expectation of more poor service and argumentative behavior.We asked for dessert menus. She told my wife that the bread pudding was amazing, and practically melts in your mouth. My wife said, yes, I'll have that. Our friends ordered an espresso. She said she'd be right back with the espresso, and dessert menus, so we could see if wanted to order anything.  We said, we just want the previously ordered bread pudding, which unbelievably she didn't agree that we had just ordered. In fact she got confrontational about it. I'm sorry, but are we not the customer?One star, not going back. Thanks Henry!
4	Great atmosphere and beautiful people watching.  Had the carrot cake pancakes with a  side of bacon, potatos and eggs.  All very tasty especially the potatos which were spiced just right.  Great service.  Our highest compliment, "We will be back."
4	Another great Fox Restaurant concept! Cute restaurant, nice atmosphere and good service. So far, I've been here once for dinner and once for breakfast. For dinner, I had the chopped salad - very good but a little heavy. There were a lot of items on the breakfast menu I'd like to try - I had the egg white turkey omelette, really good but if you're like me and you're ordering it because it has avocado, ask for extra. There is just a small amount of smashed avocado on top of the omelet. The patio is really nice - as of last weekend, they didn't have umbrellas out there yet, so dress for the heat if you're sitting outside. It looks like they have a good happy hour but they only have it available in the bar area - and even when I got there mid-week a little after 5:00, it was already full. Would definitely recommend making a reservation - this place can get packed.
4	The Henry seems to be the crown jewel of the FRC (I've heard their kitchen is the test kitchen for upcoming Fox Restaurant Concepts). This can be seen just from its outward appearance with its patio, and the tables lined up outside. Its interior is well made up with its classic contemporary look. There are couches in the lounge areas, and oversized booths with mismatched lamps, and the bar area next to the open kitchen gives this place a look of a true European Brasserie. I went on a recent Saturday evening that was abuzz with people, from the onset with the close to full parking lot, one can see this is the current "it" restaurant of Phoenix. It's great for people watching and it attracts a diverse crowd. I went with some friends, and it seemed difficult to order a drink from the bar since it also served as a dining area that left little room for bystanders peering through the seated persons in attempt to order a cocktail. They have a good selection of wines, limited beer selection, and their cocktails selection is not huge either but I have to say they are all superb. I had the white cranberry punch which was refreshing, a friend had the red stiletto (which to me tasted like cherry Robitussin *shudder*) that she enjoyed, as well as the Prayer Meeting topped with a cabernet float that was exquisite. Other friends ordered the Fig and Ginger Mule served in a copper mug *kudos* and the Pomegranate 75, and heard praises for both. Dinner was started with two appetizers, the cheddar popovers and the truffle fries. The popovers were good not spectacular but the butters served alongside were the stars of the app, actually the ham butter was the star, and the chive butter was good. I'm tempted to get the ham butter alone because it reminded me of liverwurst pate (the ham flavor was subtle and texture smooth). I ordered the Pork Chop although I was tempted to get the half Roasted Chicken because of the sides but I'm glad I got the Pork Chop because it was delicious. The bone-in was moist with flavor. The Swiss Chard served with the Pork Chop had good flavor and the Cauliflower polenta is something I will order again as a side because it was delicious. I made sure to save some room for dessert because prior to my dining experience at The Henry, I had seen a picture of the dessert menu someone had posted on Yelp, and although The Henry was a resto I wanted to try, my eyes were on the chocolate cake from the very beginning. Yes, I was disappointed it wasn't a slice (I was thinking it would be similar to the chocolate cake at the Parlor, which imho is still one of the best chocolate cakes served in Phoenix) but with the layered vanilla and chocolate ganache, this chocolate cupcake (served in a small jar) was enough sweet for two, it's too sweet because of the ganache but it is good but not something that I dream about unlike the Monkey Bread of Culinary Dropout. Overall, The Henry is a solid four stars, and I can't wait to go back either for dinner or brunch..
4	Another great find in Phoenix.  Came here for brunch on Sunday. Nice, open decor, friendly attentive wait staff and a great fresh and diverse new American menu. I have the quinoa tacos, came stuffed with a roasted corn and black beans, cotija cheese, stopped with a smoke avocado guac -- so yummy; side of delicious white bean salad.  Hubby had the triple decker club sandwich, fresh ingredients and delicious. Sis had the bagel sandwich with smoked lox, cream cheese and all of the accoutrements.  Great salads and variety of soups and sandwiches.  Can't go wrong with this restaurant.
3	The Henry was not a let down by any means.  The atmosphere is trendy yet with a library/study feel to it and the food does not fall short.  The food did come out a little later than expected, but my girlfriend and I did not notice because we were enjoying each other's company.   The staff more than made up for it and were very apologetic about the late delivery of the food.  Again, the service was exceptional.  The only thing I would need to point out is that we never did get our boxed food that was left over from the meal.  It's not a big deal, but noticeable.  The food was very good.  I got the roasted chicken which was just up my alley considering I have the blandest palate.  My girlfriend got the pork and she really enjoyed it.  Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our experience and will be checking off another restaurant of Fox Concepts that we have visited.
5	The Henry is a place that sometimes I go to twice in one day.  Fantastic restaurant with beautiful indoor seating, a nice patio, and a coffee bar if you are on the run.  Plan to bump into someone you know.  Great atmosphere.
3	The Henry is absolutely beautiful inside but, like most experiences I've had at Fox Restaurants, the food leaves something to be desired. I ordered the "flower child scramble" and substituted pepper jack cheese for the parmesan but the pepper jack that came with the scramble was hardly cheese! It was a single slice placed atop the scramble and had a very plastic-y texture, more like a cheese produce (ie a Kraft single or Velveeta) than actual cheese. Kind of disappointing and underwhelming. Like I said before though, the interior is stunning and it isn't too noisy, nor did I have to wait too long to get a seat, despite the fact that it was a busy Sunday morning. Next time I go I'll try a lunch plate and hope it's better than that breakfast scramble.
4	First time at  The Henry.  Great atmosphere .  Real wood butcher block tables, real leather on the booths,  oh yea, the food was good too!Unique combinations and great drink menuAcoustics were not good though
5	We came here because a friend recommended The Henry for the whiskey selection and food. My husband & I were not disappointed.We arrived around 4 thinking we would have a cocktail or two and ended up staying thru dinner.The bartenders Teddy and Jeremy were outstanding. My husband enjoyed talking to Teddy about different whiskeys and he recommended a couple that he tried. The bonus was the Pappy that they had, that my husband has been looking for for months in the Bay Area. Also recommended were the popovers which were very yummy. The smoked ham butter was amazing. We ended up ordering the chopped salad, club sandwich and a side of the cauliflower polenta. All were served quickly and enjoyed to the fullest. Ending our meal with the bread pudding, served warm with a scoop of carmel ice cream that was delicious.I also want to note the open feel of the restaurant, where you are able to sit outside, at casual tables, at the bar or in the dining room.I'd recommend this restaurant to everyone to try. You won't be sorry.
4	Great place to sit and talk with friends with a wide array of coffee, food and desserts. Highly recommend for the decor alone but the food was excellent as well!
5	My friend Lauren works for this company and has been talking non stop about this place....  Finally decided to give it a go and was blown away!  Love the layout of the restaurant, the people were amazing when we came in, and I had this smoothie that blew my mind.Get the "Little super Green" smoothie.  No need to thank me!
5	I had the salmon which was the best ever. Carlos had the black cod which was amazing. This is a great place . You must go!
5	Went there last night with a girlfriend for the first time. I heard so much about this place and I love all Fox restaurants, so we wanted to try it.I am so glad we were able to get a table as I have tried a couple times before and they were booked. Well long story short, we loved it. Starting in the parking lot, this place is extremely easy to find, park and get to. The atmosphere is so unique and inviting, love the tall ceilings and the patio area (although we didn't sit there). The food...my goal is to literally try everything on the menu. We shared the Quinoa tacos and the warm Salmon salad. It was perfect amount of food. The waiter was great and split the plates for us at no cost! We inhaled every last bite and vowed to make it our new spot.Love The Henry.
1	Went here for dinner to celebrate a birthday and although the food was pretty good I have never had worse service at a restaurant in my life. The server/managers were very rude, condescending, and unprofessional. We were treated like we were a nuisance and as if our business did not matter to them. Even though the food was good I will not be returning back here due to the way we were treated. Very disappointed with the attitude the wait staff and management had.
1	I will start by saying that the food was good, very typical Fox dinning. The drinks are creative and I enjoyed the selection of whiskey/bourbon...However, all this was overshadowed by the horrible costumer service. I have never been treated so poorly. We were there with a large party and nothing was done correctly,  drinks were wrong, food was incorrect and the staff seemed annoyed at us for their errors. Quite shocking and I will never return.
1	If I could give -* I would. Service was HORRIBLE... The waitress even told the hostess that she had forgotten about us. We requested an outside table, we were seated within 'spitting distance' of the parking lot with no other customers around us next to the front door. Food was blah. NEVER again. Overhyped Arcadia restaurant. There are so many more to choose from. Don't waste your time.
3	FIVE STARS for environment!! This place is truly the definition of contemporary cool. We come for the patio, for the bar, for the creature comforts of good interior design. The food is good, healthy and even well-meaning. We've enjoyed breakfast here repeatedly and found consistency in the production of the baked goods and egg dishes. SADLY, the service is lacking training, persistence, and skill (but not good intentions!)    Specifics: the egg white omelet with turkey outperforms the corned beef omelet as the later features chewy meat. The side dishes are just ok - not much zing or intrigue or imagination. Both visits, the popovers and the carrot pancakes were tasty, but had too much butter with them and on them. Better than those are the quinoa salad! Refills on coffee are hard to come by, and a tea drinker is at a complete loss; the teapots get cold quickly, the cups are cold so the tea is lukewarm in no time. For a nice place, they carry a very low-level tea product, too. (They did comp our tea in one case). We watched the tables around us all looking at watches timing visits to their tables. It's a long walk to the kitchen...maybe that's the problem. It seems  training on service could help, or maybe a manager's roaming eye.      Get a cocktail from a bartender directly. We've tried a Bloody Mary and a mixology goody. Both were very good and worth the trip. Just need some polish on the wait staff and a bit more dedication on the food. I so want to be able to give four or five stars!
3	The food was great. Service on the other hand. ..I ask to have time between our courses.  Not only did or food come one after another, they did not clear the dirty plates before our next course arrived. By the time our wine was poured we were half way through our main course. I am sure in time this will be worked out.
4	We live across the street from the Henry (SO LUCKY) and have probably been there about 15 times now. Brunch has been our favorite experience there-- on the patio with bloody marys, can't be beat. The appetizers really stand out-- the warm kale dip is the perfect starter and I find myself oftentimes craving the Brie toast with pomegranate seeds. For earlier breakfast options my husband is addicted to the quinoa burrito but I'll opt for the green smoothie- so fab. The dinner options we've tried were less than stellar until our last trip where I got the flank steak and have been thinking about it since. SO good. The cocktails are surprising mixes -- I think I've tried each of them a few times. The upstate gentleman is a standout as is the fig mule. Ambiance is awesome, servers and hosts are friendly and the fact that I can walk there make this place a solid 4 stars.
5	Visited on a Tuesday just after 8, there was a short wait for the patio, and we're seated at a small table in the corner. The initial greeting of the table took a bit longer than it should have, but the cocktails were worth the wait. We started with the popovers which were so flaky, light, and delicious. The ham butter was phenomenal. We tried the roasted chicken and the short ribs which were both such great choices. So much flavor, and the sides fit both dishes so well. Our server Chelsea was SO helpful in picking dishes, and had a genuinely helpful attitude. The dinner was paced out so nicely, and made the experience even better. The Henry definitely has everything to keep me coming back for more! Great decor, wonderful menu, good music, delicious food, and fabulous details like their antique looking martini glasses and beautiful silverware
5	I have been here a handful of times and enjoyed breakfast, happy hour as well as dinner.  I've chosen to sit at the bar each visit and the service has been top notch each time.  Tanner was our server/bartender on my last visit and was super friendly, attentive, knowledgeable and helpful in choosing our entrees.  Among the things I've ordered the Thai Peanut Black Cod is my favorite so far.  Perfectly cooked, tender cod with a little heat served in a bright and delicious broth.  The wood grilled artichoke hearts are delicious.  My only critique would be the portion size is lacking for the price. The Flower Child Scramble and their delicious coffee is the perfect breakfast.  The restaurant is beautiful, business is hopping and the fact that they have ample parking is a plus.
3	Food is Excellent,  wait and bar staff top notch. I just don't get the hostess team, horrible. A 20 min wait for a table outside when there are 8 tables available???
5	Have been to the coffee shop a couple of times now and really like it!  I would say this coffee is better than Lux.  I really like that they have almond milk, the lattes are EXCELLENT.  The folks working at the coffee bar are always very friendly.  Will definitely be back over and over.  Look forward to trying the restaurant some day.
4	Went Sunday afternoon. They took a while to seat us... 30min after our reservation but the food made up for it. Awesome food no complaint.
3	The atmosphere is neat with little separations so its not just one giant space.  The ceiling's really high, pipes showing all industrial like.  The music is audible but not blaring which is a nice change from other trendy restaurants.  Its loud with people sounds but not overpoweringly.  This is a great place to sip cocktails and enjoy a leisurely dinner.We tried the appetizer of the day which was short rib potstickers and also the smoked salmon appetizer which is basically a potato hash with sauce, smoked salmon, and arugula on top.  The impressive thing about both these dishes was that the potstickers and the potatoes were fried to an even browned crisp almost to the point of burning but not having a bit of black anywhere.  Perfectly browned and even.  They were both pretty good, but slightly on the salty side.  We also tried the burger with the kale and apple slaw.  The burger was slightly above average.  Cooked well, nicely sized, not overly greasy.  It could have used some onions I think, maybe some pepper.  It was decent with the slaw and sauce on it.  Pretty good bun too.The roasted chicken was also a good dish.  Relatively moist and maybe a little too salty.  We got the smashed potatoes and mac and cheese as sides.  Both were delicious, but the mac and cheese is probably one of the best I've ever had.So why the 3 stars?  Service was so slow.  They were nice and all, and there were 4 different people that came around, but every step took a long time to ask for and then attain.  Definitely not for the impatient or those having a busy day.
5	Excellent. Friend took me here for my birthday. Food was excellent, we had the short rib and the thai peanut cod, delicious! Our server was Ross and he was great, perfect timing, knowledgeable and made very good recommendations. I would highly recommend dinner at The Henry.
4	Went there for dinner.   My companion made no reservation so the hostess asked if we wanted to sit in the bar.   Since the wait would be two hours otherwise, why not?   It wasn't so bad in the bar.   There are TVs in there and one could get sidetracked by the number of different shows if one wanted.  Since we were not interested in what was going on -- the final basketball game between ? and ? with ? winning -- it wasn't a distraction.    He had a salad and I had the braised short ribs.    YUMMM!     I am not usually a meat eater, but this was melt-in-your-mouth good.  It was flavored with a bourbon carmel sauce.    And the side was mashed potatoes.    Another yummm.   Flavored just right.  I don't know what salad he ordered.   Since I am not a salad person as a main course, I paid no attention.   We ordered a bottle of the Rickshaw cab.    Not bad wine.   Full bodied, the way I like red wine.  Would I go again?   Absolutely!
4	Great menu, love the space. The only bad thing is that the hostesses are facing the room with their devices....not the door. I stood there for maybe 2-3 minutes. Just watching them...But Nate, who said hello  when I first walked in, saw me still standing there when he passed by again, got me quickly squared away.  Now I was well on my way to having a marvelous lunch. Nate took very good care of us for the remainder of our visit. We ordered this skirt steak sandwich and it was delicious. Tip: get the fries with the truffle-whatever-its-called. So Yummy!! Can't wait to get back here.
5	I have been here 3 times so far and each time I've really enjoyed it.  I've been to brunch twice and ordered the carrot pancakes (yum!) and another time I had the eggs with kale. Both dishes were outstanding. Another time, for lunch,  I ordered the quinoa tacos and cleaned my plate!  The staff is wonderful and service impeccable. I have the decor of the restaurant as well.  It always seems to be crowded when I go there. I recommend this place and look forward to returning to try more items on the menu.
5	Driving up to The Henry at night is a sight to behold. The building is enormous and the windows stretch into the sky. (Not just because I'm a shorty.) Walking into the restaurant my eyes glazed over at the design. If you've ever had the joy of thumbing thru a Ballard Design catalog The Henry epitomizes it. Floor to ceiling curtains frame the windows. What? That's not unusual Irene? Well it sure feels like it when the walls stretch up to a ceiling easily fifty feet high. Ok. I'm totally making that number up. It's high! Half of the restaurant is cavernous like you've stepped into a museum. Stepping the restaurant makes a woman want to shop. (Seriously, I {heart} the stuff in there.) Anyway, I was driven to drink. Specifically, The Fig & Ginger Mule while waiting for our table. They're delicious here. (Trust me, I have experience in this subject matter.) I also sampled an Old Fashioned and give that a big thumbs up.THE BARChristina, our beloved bartender that night, not only makes wonderful cocktails. She is a smile of joy overflowing with knowledge. One of our diners that night is a novice wine drinker (I know!) We all learned a bit about the benefits of wine on tap. Additionally, I learned the history behind the Mule. I've been drinking Mules like oxygen since discovering it in recent months, but had no idea. Thanks Christina!The bar itself is stunning. Seated at the bar you can peer out over to the main dining area. The seating is plush and I can readily imagine unwinding there. Just there. No need to proceed any further. The cocktail list is filled with delicious sounding options. (ex: Prayer Meeting, Upscale Gentlemen.) But The Henry serves a mean Mule! DININGThe entree winner at our table by far was the Pork Chop. Once I fork sampled it I was beyond envious. Jeff, our amazing server, had even worked with the kitchen to create apple sauce. The entree is served with apple braised onion, swiss chard & cauliflower "polenta". All mouth watering, but the diner craved apple sauce and The Henry made it. That's pretty cool.The Mediterranean Branzino, a white fish, was flavorful but on the salty side. Our dining companions agreed. The roasted chicken was divine.LOGISTICS- No valet! it was refreshing to be able to park a car in Arcadia without the "complimentary" hooey.- Reservations help!- Coffee bar- Wifi- Outdoor patioSimply *cannot* wait to return.
4	If I were not sitting here with an empty water glass and still feeling a bit hungry after having finished my delicious Wild Mushroom Tortelli lunch, this would have been a five star review. As I was writing this, I had originally put 3 stars, but then a manager just came to apologize for the small portion and to offer a complimentary glass of wine or desert for my disappointment in the portion size.  (I'm only 130 lbs so it doesn't take a tremendous amount to fill me up).I declined the atonement.  Perhaps I'll give them another try sometime...as the flavors were fabulous!
4	Excellent food. Great atmosphere. We live close and will definitely dine there again. The reason for the four-star review is they were 15 minutes late in seating us. We were seated outside on the side patio and it was a little crowded. (Lights from the cars in the parking lot were also a little distracting) Other than that everything was perfect. Sam did a good job on this one but there is room for improvement.
1	the ambiance/circuses are ok....but the food is actually fast food hiding in fancy clothing...expensive but mehhh. the popovers are no way near as good as those at BLT /camelback Inn.  The place is ok but kind of caters to the Arcadia types and takes advantage of them. Expense does not match the value.
3	Disappointing. We were SO looking forward to a terrific meal here on Easter and came to find that the menu was a shortened version of their regular brunch menu. I would have loved to know this ahead of time - put it on your website or share this bit of news when I make my reservation. The things I was most looking forward to weren't available. Our waiter was a bit off - was he new? If so, I'll excuse it. But we didn't know his name for about three visits. Water wasn't refilled and coffee was horrible. The table was quite tight for six average adults. What'd we have for brunch? The french toast was average... The bagels were toasted nicely but the salmon was WAY too salty... The quinoa tacos were good but where was the guacamole listed on the menu?? ... The bacon was absolute genius - thanks for that... The crab quiche was the best thing on the table, truly... And the eggs and corned beef - good but no mention on the menu that it would be an omelette. Strange. We loved the popovers for appies and the caramel roll was magnificent. Great vibe here and the hot cocoa made with almond milk almost made up for my disappointment... but not quite.
2	I was very impressed with the decor and atmosphere of Sam Fox's most recent restaurant,   I made my selection to order the chopped salad and our server said that was her favorite.  When our meals came and they put my salad in front of me, I was very disappointed on the presentation.  There was no color to the salad.  The lettuce had no appeal, it didn't look fresh.  Mimi's Cafe has a much better chopped salad for half the price.  Sam Fox should be embarrassed to continue to serve this low quality item.  I should have sent it back, that was my mistake.
1	For my first visit here it was a great experience. For my second visit, it was terrible! I originally made reservations for 6:00, then called back and made them for 6:30. When we got there they hadn't changed the reservation time and had nothing available for us. This was supposed to be a special night for my aunt and uncle's anniversary. Also, there was no seating in the waiting area and my husband is disabled and can only stand for a short period of time. While we were waiting, a bartender came up to us and asked if he could take our drink order, which is the only thing that kept us from walking out. (So, thank you bartender with the glasses.)  Neither of the managers by the hostess station even acknowledged anything was going on, even though I went up there multiple times to check on our status. By the third time up, they finally sat us or else we just would have left. We ordered a salad that  we never got and the manager never came over to our table to apologize for the reservation mix up or offer us anything! I feel like we would have got better service at a lower end restaurant.I went back the next day to talk to a manager to see if the salad was on our bill and while he was very nice, we still didn't get any compensation.I will only come back here if friends really want to go, but will never come here again for a special occasion. Which is sad because it's such a cool place.
4	I've been wanting to try this place for a while so I met up with my good buddy, Erika, for HH and catch up.We were both fascinated by the cheese popovers with ham butter and ordered some to share.Holy Moley, they were worth the trip!I ordered a cabernet on tap and Erika ordered a Gin-and-tonic, then we commenced to catching up.  Our wait staff was attentive and had some good recommendations.  We ordered more drinks and perused the menu.Erika ordered a short rib dish and I went for the burger.  Both were delicious so we decided to gild the lily by having a bread pudding and coffee.  The manager stopped by to say hi;we left shortly thereafter with full bellies after a 3 hour visit.So, the good: yummy food, good service, a really nice patio, and a good location, and a quick-thinking, accommodating  hostess.Needs improvement: better HH pricing on meals and specialty drinks.I think The Henry is a great concept and implementing better pricing would guarantee ithat it becomes a "destination" restaurant.As it is, I drive from Central Phoenix...not a big deal, but lower prices would mean more frequent trips :)
5	:: HIGHLY RECOMMEND :: Awesome food!  I had the quinoa burrito and it was a very healthy option.My friend who lives in the area had heard great things about it and it was all three of our first times trying The Henry.
5	I would actually make it 4.5 stars if possible but I always round up. Came here for a date night with the wifey this weekend. We had heard goof things and looked forward to some tasty treats. The restaurant is in a very cool spot with big open ceilings. Cool little lounge area in front.We got there for our 8:45 reservation and were told they were running a few minutes behind. No big deal. Almost 30 minutes later, and getting a little hangry, we finally got seated. I understand people can be slow to finish meals, but 30 minutes after our reservation is a bit much. One of the things I miss from living in Chicago is that we would have most certainly been offered  a cocktail while waiting around for that amount of time. Not to say we couldn't have walked over to the bar, but hey, I only dock half a star. Honestly, the servers here are slow. That's why your reservations back up. Enough gripes.Everything else was awesome. They can make a very tasty old fashion. We started with:The popovers - almost ordered a 2nd round. Super good.The Brie toast- fresh and light. Really hit the spot.Entrees:I had the porkchop. Not my typical order but the yelpers had spoken and they were right. Solid piece of meat. Perfectly cooked. If it were socially acceptable to chew on the bone I would have. Will order again who I got back.Wife had the spring salad. She really enjoyed it but I honestly didn't pay too much attention. I was focused on the pork.We also shared a side of Mac and cheese. Delicious! I'm not usually impressed by Mac and cheese but this stuff was done well.For desert we shared the bread pudding. Could have used a tiny bit more ice cream on top but overall some of the best bread pudding I have had in awhile.All in all. Great meal. Cool spot. Reasonable prices. Will be back for sure.Make sure you reservations!
2	Decor is lovey and the food is average. The Moscow Mule should have stayed behind the iron curtain. The corn beef was "aged and cooked for half a day" translated it was too salty and had not have time to develop flavor. The fried chicken sandwich was as flavorless as a chicken breast could be. Service was good. Waiter nice. Kitchen slow and the bar tender needs an education. I would gladly have them decorate for me but not feed me.
3	I guess I may have to accept the fact that I'm always gonna have a bone to pick with Sam Fox.  Once again, I step into a restaurant that hits a home run on aesthetics but falls short on the cuisine.  Its seems to be a running theme that I just can't shake with Fox's concepts.  Perhaps its all a matter of playing the expectations game, but for the prices they charge I would expect something at least somewhat worthy of the decor I'm eating in.  But like so many of Fox's other concepts, the food leaves me with one emotion.  Meh.The Henry is a newer addition to the Fox lineup, set in what was an old office building in the super trendy Arcadia neighborhood in east Phoenix.  The building itself is spectacular.  Its a two story structure that's open from the inside (though the restaurant only occupies the first floor).  The restaurant is actually three parts.  On the west side is a banquet area for private parties, on the east side is the main restaurant and a great outdoor patio complete with a fireplace, and in the middle is a little coffee and juice bar.  The furniture and wall paper have a pretty contemporary feel bordering on English tudor-ish.  The place has been jam packed since it opened but fortunately we didn't have to wait long on Sunday (we got a table in just under 10 minutes).The dinner menu of The Henry has no rhyme or reason nor any discernible running theme.  I did pickup the fact that they use mushrooms in a lot of their dishes.  Great if you love mushrooms, not so great since I don't care for 'em.  For an appetizer we got some of the grilled artichoke hearts.  I love artichokes, but these tasted pretty bland.  And there weren't that many on the plate.  Worse yet, it was $13 for that little dish.  We also shared the white truffle fries with parmesan.  Much better.  Fries were cooked well and the truffle aioli was excellent.  They also come with a super spicy ketchup (seriously, it'll surprise ya).  My brother had mentioned some good reviews about the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich (particularly the BBQ mayo that comes on top), so I got that for my entree.  The chicken was fried adequately, but I didn't pick up hardly any of the BBQ flavor I expected.  For dessert I got the blueberry pie.  This saved the night.  Blueberries with greek yogurt on top and tiny hint of lemon zest.  Good, clean, simple, delicious.  My family also shared the chocolate cake and bread pudding, but I wasn't terribly impressed with how either of those tasted.  To drink, I had their homemade mixed berry lemonade.  Super refreshing drink as it wasn't too acidic or overpowering, but the big downside was the absurd amount of pulp in my drink.  My straw kept jamming up because of all the pulp getting stuck in there.So just to recap.  Five stars for the ambiance and the friendly service.  No issues on either front there.  But two stars for the food.  As with so many other Fox restaurants I've been to, I feel like I'm paying three star prices for two star food.  And the items I ordered tonight were on the cheaper end.  The women in my family can't seem to get enough of whatever Sam Fox touches, but my experiences have been habitually average.  For happy hour, I probably wouldn't mind coming back here, but I'd probably pass if asked to come here for a full meal next time.
4	Their breakfast meals are fantastic.  The baked goods amazing.  The staff are all super friendly and helpful and attentive.    Ambience is off the chart.  Great design and layout... awesome music.I only wish I liked their coffee. :(   It is dark roast only.... and bitter.   And they just raised the price of a cup to a ridiculous $3+ after taxes.   They should have two blends available like most of the other coffee places in town... a dark bitter mud roast... and a lighter blend.
4	The food was delicious. I tried everyone else's meal (shameless) and i liked everything. The service was great! One of our appetizers came out bland and we mentioned it to our waitress who was much more offended than we were! She took it back and brought us another and made sure we didnt pay for either. The only knock against that its "coffee shop" are, though a nice place to sit and chat, makes mediocre coffee for the same price as really good coffee :/. Save your money and get more food!
2	Very long wait to be seated (45 min). Very long wait for food service (30 min). Menu was not extensive. Friendly waiter. Blue crab quiche had 3 flakes of crab and a side of human hair. Corned beef hash unremarkable. Burger was good. Waitstaff replaced my hairy quiche. We will not be returning.
4	Reserved breakfast at The Henry for Mother's Day. Just hubby, myself and two pups. Pups aren't allowed on the dining patio, only in the very front, which they don't normally make a reservation for (because it's first come-first served for quick coffee and pastries). But they made an accommodation for us. Had a nice shady table in the front where we could catch views of Camelback Mountain and people watch.This place is turning into an Arcadia hotspot and we saw lots of folks, mostly well-heeled, coming and going with their families. But it's also a good place to enjoy coffee or made-to-order Bloody Mary's with friends. Like all Fox Restaurants, the interior is well designed and the menu is innovative, but I kind of wished they had more traditional breakfast staples. For example, they offer carrot cake pancakes and caramel apple french toast...which sound decadent...but too dessert-like for me for breakfast. I had the Flower Child Scramble with organic eggs, kale, mushrooms, asparagus, peas and parmesan accompanied by potatoes. It was good, but didn't come with toast, so I ordered a side of the Cheddar Popovers to nosh on while waiting for the main entree. Hubby had the Quinoa Breakfast Burrito, which he enjoyed. I also ordered the "Drop Out" latte with caramel and it was delish. The bill for two was around $50, so not a cheap place for breakfast, but good for special occasions.
4	A great new Fox Concepts restaurant! Good food, reasonably priced drinks and cozy patio. I will definitely go back again.
3	It was just okay. Had to sit on the patio because it was so busy. Sorry but the patio completely lacks any personality. Staff was very nice. Service was good but food was average at best.
4	Everything I have had on the dinner menu was amazing (5 stars), however I was not impressed with their brunch menu (2 stars). The atmosphere bumped them up to 4 stars. Make sure to make a reservation or you won't be seated until 8pm to eat.
1	Attended this establishment last night for a friends birthday. The building is a cool design and looked great we were all excited to try it out. We sit at our table and are greeted by our sever Sarah. I have to say I have never been treated so rudely in all my life and either had the other people in our party. After having a round of drinks and some starters out sever comes over again to see if we would like to order. We ordered more drinks and our main meals. The girl server asked some of us for our ID's and stated I was 19 once I know what you guys are like??? I was the youngest at the table and she didn't ask me????We are all late 20's to 30's and all professionals. Going to what is suppose to be an up market restaurant with a sever saying comments like that it just doesn't float with me. One of the girls didn't have her ID. Meanwhile it's her birthday!!!!!So the mood of the celebration changed the manager come out after our complaints to the sever and "Apologised" there is nothing he could do even after serving us drinks prior??Our party felt so unhappy and uncomfortable that we decided to leave. I went and asked for the cheque and explained due to the server being rude and the fact they now ruined our night we would like to pay for what we have had and leave to go somewhere else. The manager and I became engaged in a heated argument in the middle of the restaurant started by him raising his voice at me because he said we ordered mains and we have to have them or pay for them or he would call the police for theft and not paying a bill??? Who says that to a customer??I clearly stated we haven't eaten the food and it was ordered in the middle of our complaint which hadn't been dealt with. The manager proceeded to inform me he would call the police I said fine please do call them as I was asking for my bill to pay what we had had already and it is not my fault that experience was ruined by rude people. He then told me the I need to leave the restaurant as I am trespassing and if I didn't he would again call the police. Meanwhile my party was still at the table waiting for me to return. I complied to his request with the question what did I do other than complain. Is this really how your restaurant deals with complains by threatening to call the police??The manager continued to yell at me even when I was outside. Finally he calmed down and said fine and gave me a bill for what we had eaten and drank and said pay this now!For a manager to yell, scream and threaten a paying customer is disgusting. I have eaten at many places all over the world and I have to say this was and most likely will be the WORST experience I have had at an restaurant. What happened to customer service???The fact the manager still requested I pay after his and his staff members performance is an absolute joke. Clearly the guy needs to get a new profession because customer service is certainly not his thing. We went to Chelsea's kitchen down the road and had a great experience after all that. Maybe the owners need to take old mate down there to Chelsea's Kitchen to learn respect, manners and customer service!!Just saying!!!!!!
5	WOW!!!!I am so impressed and can hardly believe this is a Fox concept. Most his restaurants are good, but this is GREAT! The food, drinks, atmosphere AND service are all excellent and come together to make a truly fabulous experience.We live 2 minutes from The Henry and kept wanting to go and decided to drop in tonight for my boyfriends birthday... It is Saturday, it was 9:15 pm and we had about a 10 minute wait. We started with cocktails- I got the Fig & Ginger Mule and he got the Old Fashioned. They were both wonderful... It was so nice to have a drink in a restaurant that was balanced and perfect. Finding well mixed cocktails is not that easy in this city...For dinner I had the Wild Mushroom Tortelli and he had the roasted turkey french dip. The Tortelli was fabulous- the sauce was flavorful and the textures in the dish were so balanced. The Turkey dip - OMG! Seriously, I don't know what they did to this turkey, but there was so much flavor packed into it it my tastebuds were dancing. Then we moved onto desert (we rarely get dessert, but couldn't resist after the outstanding meal) The Warm Croissant Bread Pudding- let's just say, it was worth every calorie!Our server Matthew- it has been a long time since I have had really great service, it was so refreshing to be helped by someone who you can tell loves what he does. He was knowledgable, kind, helpful and just an all around great person.Thank you for this one Sam Fox! You hit the nail on the head...
3	The Henry is a "good" restaurant.  Drinks are unique (sort of). My entree was delicious (Black Cod) and the service was average.  Two drinks two glasses of wine one appetizer and two entrees $143.00.  The one odd/ maddening thing occurred when I order a glass of wine and they bring the cheapest restaurant wine Glass glass for the wine.  I asked if I could have an actual Crystal Glass and she said she ask.  Back she comes with the "Good" glasses. Normally we only use these glasses with the reserve wines.  The wine for $14 per glass was the Cheap non- good glass qualifying wine (Pine Ridge Forefront).The shrimp was shrimp Grilled and then Chilled $16. Nice size shrimp.   The black cod though was absolutely a melt in your mouth fish experience. Never have tasted a fish that was so succulent. My dinner companion had the Salmon. She could barely eat it in comparison- if you go, just have the Cod you will kick yourself and want it afterward.The place is loud and if you're looking for a a place with no intimacy and you have $150 for dinner for two, this could be your place.  PS - don't forget to ask for the good wine glasses - we all deserve good wine glasses, even if we don't buy a bottle over $100
4	This is a great, fun restaurant.My fiance and I were really impressed by how everything looks here.They have a nice patio, as well as a fun area to sit near the front.Service is excellent.  Our waiter was very kind.The food is great, especially the Skirt Steak.  Delicious.  The Short Rib Appetizer is also great.  My fiance wasn't a big fan of the fish she ordered.We weren't happy with where we were sat.  They seemed really busy so we didn't want to ask to be re-sat.   don't sit next to the kitchen.  It's busy and loud.We were impressed enough to return in the future, but there's definitely room to improve.  Enjoy!
3	Lots to love...but just as much to be underwhelmed over. First off, upon walking in, you'll notice the decor and ambiance is fabulous...in a super hip, friendly manner. Could be an amazing happy hour spot...if they have one. The caveat here...you have to find parking first. So if you only have a small lot, why no valet???The next feature is the menu. At first, I was a bit put off by how boring and minimal it was. The descriptions are horrible so ask the staff (if you can find them. More in that later.) But having gone a few times with groups and tasting from friends meals, I can say that all are good....not amazing, but very good. Service both times was lackluster. I've had to flag down staff just to order a meal or to get another drink.
4	My partner and I took a friend visiting from Los Angeles to The Henry for his and our first time, and all three of us loved it.  The decor feels like I imagine an expensive mens' club would look -- real leather banquettes and table lamps I wanted to take home (just one).  My partner had the pork chop (the thickest one I've seen since Dan Tana's in West Hollywood, easily 2.5 inches thick, I had the wild mushroom tortelli, and our friend (who is very hard to please) had the branzino.  All three of us gave our dishes top marks.  Even better than the food and the decor, however, was the service.  Our friend had driven in from Los Angeles that day and we had been running errands and cleaning house, so all three of us lay down for what was supposed to be a one-hour nap.  Unfortunately we woke up almost three hours later at 8:00 p.m.  We had planned to eat at The Henry, but when I checked their website I saw they stopped serving at 9:00 p.m.  I called and was told to come in, it wouldn't be a problem.  We showed up and people couldn't have been more gracious.  We never felt rushed, and when my partner and our friend wondered if it was too late to order dessert (by this time it was well after 9:00 p.m.) the chef reopened the kitchen and they got what they wanted -- no attitude at all.  My only caveat is that a co-worker and his partner had brunch there about a week ago and the partner apparently got a bad case of salmonella from undercooked eggs in an omelet, so I think I may avoid egg dishes if I go for brunch (or at least make sure the eggs are cooked through).
5	After reading all the great reviews we finally made it into Phoenix to try out The Henry. I absolutely loved it! The breakfast menu was not too extensive but there were a lot of tasty items to choose from. I decided on the 2 egg breakfast with bacon. I ordered my eggs scrambled and I think they may have been the best scrambled eggs I have ever had. My hubby had the chicken fried chicken which came with biscuits and gravy. The biscuits were absolutely delicious. I liked that I was also able to enjoy a Bloody Mary with my breakfast too. Our awesome server Adam told us that they actually have a build your own Bloody Mary cart on the weekends between 10a-2p. I am anxious to go back and give that a try. If this was closer to home I'm pretty sure we would be here several times a month. We will definitely be back even with the drive because it was that good. Great food, unbelievable service and a cool atmosphere!
2	The ultimate "meh."  You walk into this place and you're struck by the decor.  It's a good looking place.  Good looking furniture, good looking people, good looking design.  Then you notice there's no hostess stand and what appears to be a refugee camp of people crowded to your left.  If you push through that, you'll find a hostess with an iPad that will tell you it'll be 90-120 minutes.  What she won't tell you (or me at least) is that the tables by the door you walked in are first-come first-served.  The bar area is tiny for a place like this.  It seats maybe 15 and you'll have people hanging over your shoulders the whole time trying to get $7 beers while they wait in the refugee camp I spoke about earlier.  Once seated you get the priviledge of waiting 15-20 minutes to meet your waiter, who in my case was a very friendly gentlemen.  I think he was the highlight of the evening. As has been said in many of these reviews, the menu is very narrow.  We had an app, 2 entrees, a salad, and dessert.  The entrees were good.  The gemelli with housemade bacon was very tasty and the cod was good.  Not $26 good but good.  The salad was literally a few leaves of iceberg and a cherry tomato.  We sent our app back (because it was cold) and then received it cold again.  Really?  Dessert (salted peanut butter bar) was difficult to chew and not really good.  All in with tip for two people we spent $100.  I like Culinary Dropout, Sauce, and Blanco and I'd heard good things about this place.  What I experienced was that this place is new & feels cool, so you want to believe it was great.  But if you look past the plastic surgery (of the restaurant and the audience) you'll find you could have done better for your money nearly anywhere else.
3	I visited this establishment on a Sunday afternoon. Very spacious! Apparently, they are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I did all I could to keep from purchasing a Danish! I love the large tables... Promotes socialization. I waited over ten minutes (in the lounge area) before I decided to flag down someone to take my drink order.  Which was the only one I got because waiter never came back to check on me.  I stopped another waitress to request my check. The original waiter brought it to me... Nothing said.
4	Other than the fact that a reservation is only an appointment to be late the place is worthy of its four star rating. Its comfort food at a comfortable price. Decor is great, the staff friendly and helpful. Will certainly be back with the expectation of waiting with or without a reservation.
4	Having known nothing about The Henry, last trip to Phoenix, a girlfriend and I stopped by for lunch. I was a little thrown to be asked if I had reservations at 11am on a Friday, but we opted for a flat top for lunch. We started out with the popovers with the smoked ham butter, and WOW, don't let the idea of ham butter throw you, they were amazing. I had the roasted brussels sprout chicken caesar salad and it was probably the best salad I have had in years. The wait staff was well presented and very attentive, including other waiters who stopped by when our drinks were in the "danger zone" to make sure we were doing okay and to see if we needed another one. They also took the time to tell us about their weekend specials and where they were opening locations in the future.
5	This is my favorite coffee location, second to LGO.  Truly awesome atmosphere and scene.  A lot of self employed and salespeople bring clients here.  Lots of non-pretentious business people getting business done.  I've not tried the food but been told it's spectacular.  Whereas LGO is more informal, The Henry has a classier feel.  Highly recommend.
3	I would give this place 3.5 stars :) We made reservations for 7:15 walked in & were seated promptly the staff is good looking & friendly it had a cool vibe , nice decor comfortable layout we started out ordering the short rib potstickers yum !!!! I ordered the Korean skirt steak it was cooked just how I asked & delicious the pozu it was served with has a very spicy kick but amazing flavor :) my husband ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sand which  very tasty !!!! It came with a side of fries those were gross and soggy :( the service was ok really friendly server but was not the most attentive when it came to refills or taking plates away & we had to ask for the check but all in all a good dining experience :) I am looking forward to trying this place for lunch next time .
3	I'm torn between giving this place 3 stars and 4 stars.The best thing about this place is the atmosphere.  I loved the decor and the furniture.The food was slightly better than average.  I ordered the quinoa tacos, which I enjoyed but wasn't crazy about.  My boyfriend ordered their brisket, which was actually really tasty, but too fatty for his preferences.  My other friend ordered their vegetarian pasta, but the entree was too small for him.  He was still hungry afterwards and ended up ordering a side.Overall, I am not very likely to come here again, just because there are other restaurants I like better in close proximity to this place.
5	Food is great but the atmosphere is better. Cocktails were divine, and the coffee is delicious. Highly recommend if you're in the area.
4	I was heartbroken when Sam Fox closed Bloom in North Scottsdale.  Of all of his restaurants, the Henry is my favorite.  Now that he shuttered his steakhouse, the Henry stands alone as the most upscale of the offerings.  This makes sense as it is right next to the corporate headquarters of course.  The people who dine here are very pretty.  Stepford wife pretty.  Be forewarned.  The bar offers a wonderful list of cocktails heavy on the classics and a lot of wonderful bourbon offerings for which I have a definite weakness for.  The salads will be familiar (you can similar versions at Arrogant Butcher or Culinary Dropout), but the entrees are much more refined.  I had the branzino, which next to the branzino offering at Virtu, is one of the best I've ever found in Arizona.  Do not miss dessert, croissant bread pudding handily eclipsing the version that I used to crave weekly at Sierra Bonita.  So brave the Stepford Wives and head out.  (The acoustics could use some work, during lunch or crowded hh's you do have to shout a bit).  The service however is exquisite.  Attentive without being intrusive.  If nothing else, the Sam Fox guys need to teach a course on how to train servers for other restaurants to emulate.
4	We had a pleasant experience here. The ambiance and decor are all very nice.Our server was friendly, and the food came out quickly. There were plenty of different menu items.We ordered the kale and garlic dip, which was very good! For dinner, we had the burger and the veggie pasta. Both were good. We probably won't be rushing back here, but it was definitely worth a try. And I'm sure we will return again in the future!
1	Went here for dinner. I am usually a really big fan of Sam Fox restaurants, but this unfortunately fails on a number of levels.  First, I have to say the decor is really spot on great...it LOOKS good...and you would expect good food, service and clientele would follow.  The hostess asked if we had reservations...and when I said no...didn't know that we needed them..and she shot me a "bwah..of course you do stupid" look. Strike one.  She said we could sit at the bar or wait 2 hours. So we sat at the bar.  The bartender was very nice and sympathized with us not having reservations. Then we ordered. The food was very average...nothing special. Nothing stood out...it reminded me of ordering food at an average high end hotel restaurant. Meh. Strike two.  Finally the one thing was the clientele. When I turned around from the bar to look at who was dining....it was filled with Scottstitutes, cougars, and typical Beemer and Range Rover crowd.  Strike three. There is this magic line that runs down 44th Street that keeps these types away from Acadia and Central Phoenix...unfortunately The Henry sits on the wrong side of this line.  Again..Sam Fox does some wonderful stuff but if you want awesome food I'd opt for somewhere else.
5	What a great restaurant in the heart of Arcadia. My favorites are the hamburger, breakfast burrito and the short ribs. Another stellar Sam Fox restaurant. Fresh yummy food!!!!
2	It brings me joy. Oh wait that's the opening for a different review.... Ehem. (Clears throat)It brings me great indifference. "What does?" You may ask yourself. This place. I swear I was kidnapped and transported right into a Polo catalogue. It's got a cool layout and the patio is nice with a pretty great view. The yelp said it was $$ and the menu actually says it's $$$. Which is fine. Well, by fine I mean money is worth spending on goods and services that have an equal and fair market value. Half a butterflied chicken breast an two 4oz sides should not equal $18. If you go here and you like artichokes. They have grilled ones. If you don't get them. You will feel like you are missing something.. Like how it feels when you lose your keys.  They were perfection on a plate. I would go back for these. I ordered dessert. The menu said chocolate cake!! What! Who tha! Yes come to pappa. When the cake was delivered it was shoved in a small mason jar thingy. Ok cool, be hip and innovative and all that but what happened to being amazing first, like pre innovation? Chocolate cake. Bake the thing and slice it, then put a slice on my plate. If you do simple amazing it doesn't seem so simple. Overall the experience was a welcome one. Ohhhh wait. Let me back that thing up. So it was not busy, yet from the moment of inception till the moment of completion took almost two hours. 30 mins of that was spent waiting for the check. Ehhhh to sum this up- "meh"And I'm out! SignedThe Sarcastic Truth Villain...
2	I am somewhat conflicted on my feelings of The Henry. I've been there several times, and was pleased with most aspects. The lunch menu has some nice choices, and I was turned onto the Kale and Apple salad by one of the staff. Admittedly, I eat far too much crap, so adding the salad to my diet a few times a week is probably a good thing. Service for lunch was solid, no complaints.Another time I sat on my lunch break and did some work on their WiFi, which was a bit slow, but hey, it's free. I ordered a coffee that was quite good, and the employee was more than happy to chat with me about some of the nicer cars in the parking lot. Good dude, and made good coffee. Definitely a fan of the coffee bar there.The liquor menu is pretty diverse, and has some harder to find stuff on it, which is nice. They're lacking both Macallan and Highland Park though, which are must haves as far as I am concerned. I had a glass of the Yamazaki 18 there recently, which had nice flavor and complexity, but I'm definitely still a scotch guy. Nevertheless, the rise of Japanese whiskey is still relatively new, so it was cool to see it on the menu.One thing that does bother me is that the higher ups appear to ride the employees pretty hard. My friends and I were getting lunch, and all noticed that the staff seemed to tense up when a manager would walk by. My server was killing it with our service, but I noticed he got pulled aside and chewed out for something. I've seen a few other people get grilled too. Granted, I don't work there or know what it's like for the managers, but the added tension when they're hovering around can be a bit uncomfortable. They've got a solid staff, let them do their thing.I've generally been a fan of most of the Fox Concepts, but The Henry just seems like it's run too tight for my taste. The place has a ton of potential though.Oh, and apparently breakfast ends at 10 and lunch doesn't start until 11, and in between neither menu is technically available to order from. You're essentially in food limbo for an hour. Who the hell though that was a good idea?
4	Last week was my first experience at The Henry, and I will definitely be back. The other reviewers were dead on  - the Popover's were delicious, as was another must have, the Potstickers. I was a big fan of the non-acloholic drink selection, I had the Lime Ginger Beer and it was very refreshing. That restaurant itself has a really fun layout that feels formal in an informal way. I am looking forward to coming back!
3	The henry,The food was greta at The Henry. I had the kale dip and the quinoa tacos and they were delicious.  I guess the three stars are for the ambiance and host area. The host area is one "hot mess" they have no clue what they are doing at all. Its not clear where to go for a reservation or to sit yourself. The hostess was rude in person and on the phone when making the reservation so I'm assuming all of the hostess have attitude. It one instance since it was taking a while I asked the hostess how much longer and she literally and I mean literally snapped at me and told me they were working on it and had to wait, keep in mind it was the first time I asked.  the other star is because of how loud people were being at the bar watching a hockey game. The Henry seems to want to portray that of an upscale restaurant but if you look a little your right you will see tvs at the bar and guys screaming at a game. Are we a high endish/ trendy restaurant or a sports bar please decide and if you guys are sports bar than lower your price and make the menu longer.
3	Great place, goes well with the area and the crowd here is very trendy and "quiet"One of the downfalls is that they can have you waiting for some time. Food is great and the drinks menu is very vast.
5	Just got done eating here. Had the chicken sandwich for lunch with fries. Food is excellent. Great atmosphere. Had the desert which was good too.  Staff very friendly and service was excellent. Will definitely come back again.
4	You better make a reservation if you feel like eating here during the lunch or dinner hour! This could be on of the most popular Sam Fox spots I've seen so far. Since day one, it's been nearly impossible to visit without a reservation and that's quite a feat for a restaurant in Arizona! This concept is fresh and has a very "farm to table" feel to it. Of course it also has a very "Sam Fox" feel it, but that's why the seats are full! The decor reminds me of Restoration Hardware and the food tastes like it's fresh from the garden. There are three ways to enjoy The Henry: sit-down dine-in, takeout, coffee bar that allows you to work from your computer while you dine. The foo here is very Sam Fox'esque and you can't go wrong with anything you order. During my visit, I ordered the Warm Salmon salad that came with skuna bay salmon, sweet corn, asparagus, white beans, sun-dried tomatoes & smoked onion vinaigrette. Get it. It was fresh, flavorful and filling. The three f's! I also enjoyed a ginger root drink which was a nice drink to accompany my light meal. I can't wait to visit again soon and try more on their menu.
5	Don't let the trendiness of this place scare you off. Everything we ate here was great. I planned on having matzo ball soup and a choc dessert with marshmellows on top. They had neither that night so we settled for corn beef sandwich, popover appetizers (Yum!). They even offered free flour-less choc cake since they had just taken off the dessert we came for. The corn beef was the REAL thing pickledSomewhere in Phoenix (not Boars head) and was delicious. Warning - don't let them putTheir dressing on it (mayo on corn beef isSacrilege), just ask mustard on the side. The popovers were melt in yr melt with 2Infused butter choices that came with it. The flour-less choc cake which I usually find too dense was wonderful!  Not too sweet or dense. Service was superb. Just make reservations and you won't have a wait.
4	Classic Fox in terms of great design and superb service execution.  The place is comfortably sophisticated  and reminds me of the residence of a Southern  Virginia aristocrat...complete with a fancy cupboard of single malt scotch.  The food is a little hit or miss with the highlights being the creamed corn, salmon, and pot stickers.
4	WOW! This restaurant is gorgeous! Since my friend's last name is Henry we sure had fun with the camera in regards to the decor and parking signs. Haha. Inside the place I felt like I was back in long Island in South Hampton on an episode of Revenge. lol- classy beach style. Except the whole front door, cheesy arrow sign that does not really match the theme. What's up with that? Okay, truth be told I love it anyway.  I chuckled at another reviewer that said he thought he was in a POLO catalog. I can see that, maybe, but not really. Anyway long story short the place is very pretty as everyone else has noted. The food and service are typical of a Fox restaurant experience. I have never had bad food or service at any Fox restaurant yet. They have a group mentality when it comes to serving so it is always wonderful with everyone helping. Their staff get extensive training on how to serve and it shows. I just do not believe bad reviews for service. I know stuff happens but I have eaten at Fox restaurants many, many times and it is always the same. All staff  members help at all tables. Their training is superb compared to other food places. For food we had the Popovers. The verdict is still out for me on the ham flavored butter. I like ham but I am not sure why this product exists. lol The waiter said Vegans like it. I did not dislike it per say I just thought it was weird. I am sure it was a taste thing. I can see the comparison. It tasted like ham but not. To me it had a smoky/gamey flavoring and I do not like that. I had the herb butter as a backup but my friend loved the ham butter. It all worked out okay. We also split a chopped salad, which was good. Since it was my birthday I was sent a mailing list coupon for a free desert. I got the bread pudding. it was so amazing!  My friend loved their new peanut butter dessert  bar. The drinks are fun here too. My Passion fruit drink was too tart for my tastes but I went with it and it was still "Delish." My friend got the Berry Lemonade which was great! I need to come back to try other entrees and sandwiches. The burger at the next table looked pretty good. ( insert drool marks) On the way out we noticed the patio, which is gorgeous. When it is cooler a patio date is in my future at the Henry. They should also consider hosting special events out there since it is so pretty.
5	Great vibes!
5	service was impeccable, food was really good, drinks were amazing.-old fashioned for the whiskey lovers is the way to go
4	This place is POSH- very cool and trendy at the time. Gotta love it. Food was great, kind of expensive, but definitely tasty and well worth it.
5	Love this place!
5	Mmmmm...quinoa tacos are freaking awwwwwwesome!!!I met a friend for lunch, he had been, I had not. I always scope out the yelp reviews before coming, because as a veggiesaur I like to know if I have options or if I should pregame it prior to coming to I'm not starving.I had a bit of an inward struggle trying to decide between the seasonal vegetarian salad and the medallion quinoa tacos and SO glad I went with the tacos. They are a little small, so if you have a huge appetite, I would recommend getting a side to go with, but for me they were perfectly sized and delish. Great flavor and mix of crunchy/soft ingredients.The atmosphere is super cool as well, I am loving the walls in here!!Oh and a small tip if I may, make a reservation on open table prior to your visit to ensure ultra fast seating during the lunch hour. :)I will be back for brunch in my near future because I saw many great mouthwatering pictures on good ole yelp that are making my stomach growl!
3	For myself, The Henry is the place to grab coffee and breakfast while I do some work.  However, when friends were in town last weekend, I couldn't wait to show off this spot to them and we headed over for lunch.  We started with the white truffle Parmesan fries with spicy ketchup and creamy truffle aioli, they were fresh and hard to stop eating.  For the table we got the Roasted Brussels Sprout Salad, Original Chinese Chicken Salad and the Kale and Apple Salad.  Clearly ladies were lunching healthily.In all honesty, the food was good but we had expected that the Roasted Brussels Sprout salad would be full of shaved Brussels sprouts and not just a few halved into the salad.  When you list it as a Brussels Sprout salad, I think people assume it's more Brussels than romaine but that's only my opinion and I'm a Brussels Sprout lover, I eat them every week.  The Kale and Apple was well done but the Original Chinese Chicken salad was my favorite.  My friends were put off by the strong ginger flavor but I love ginger, the stronger the better.
5	Be sure to ask for Shane!  He was very acccomadating, friendly and offered yummy recommendations.I met w group of friends for dinner and everybody enjoyed it.  For starters, the grilled shrimp cocktail.... my goodness....it was the best I've ever had in my life.  It's definitely something you can't live without.  Grilled, smokey, and perfection.  Didn't need cocktail sauce.I'm not a lengthy yelper but please try this place.  It's awesome in so many ways.
5	Oh.My.Word. This place is amazing!  loved the atmosphere and the vibe. I visited with friends on a business trip and we had a simply amazing experience.Shane was our waiter...he was the bomb! So nice and paid so much attention to us!Our food was SO fresh and everything has an amazing flavor to it. The wine selection was perfect for our food and paired nicely with all our entrees. We ordered the Peaches and Cream for dessert, and if you read this, go, and don't order it you should be ashamed. AMAZING.I literally cannot wait to go back and eat her again!
5	ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING. The food is superb, the atmosphere is lovely and the waitstaff deserves a standing ovation. Kudos to The Henry.
1	Went to the Henry yesterday.  It was a Saturday and they only offered the brunch menu.  Was very excited to go after reading most reviews and knowing fox usually does a nice job at restaurant concepts.  The location and the building its self was exceptional.  Great decor and ambiance.  That is where the compliments must stop.  The food was sub standard and the service marginal.  When we first arrived, we were invisible.  Bartenders, hostesses, and even managers walked right past us, no eye contact or a hello. When we tried to get a glass of wine from the un-busy bar, the bartenders were to engaged in talking to each other and a group of girls.  Once again totally ignored.  Now the food.  I have NO idea how anyone could rate the artichoke appetizer anything other than detestable.  It was a boiled, unseasoned artichoke in a bowl.  Has anyone had the artichoke at Houstons or Hillstones? They are fabulous, tasty, grilled, seasoned.  I was embarrassed how this undercooked, boiled, colorless artichoke was sent from the kitchen.  Next disappointment:  was the battered chicken sandwich, the chinese chicken salad the the french dip sandwich.  All the food was almost cafeteria tasting and looking.  I have had tastier chicken sandwiches at Jack in the Box.  the salad was tasteless and dry.  I asked for more dressing and 10 minutes later she arrived with a thimble full of dressing.  The french dip was the most discouraging.  A un-toasted white dry roll, with slivered beef.  So simple to make the bun tasty by grilling it and adding butter.  Once again, since the Henry is trying to have several menu items like Houstons, they need to get it right because the french dip at Houstons is to die for.I wanted to like this place SO much and it was all miserable except the pretty couches and great decor.  :(
5	Was really surprised with my whole visit. Staff was friendly and made sure we got taken care of while we waited for our friends to arrive. The atmosphere was fun and vibrant and of course the food was top notch. Normally not one for trendy spots, but this was a very pleasant night out with some great friends. Definitely hope to come back. The bill was about what you'd expect for a nice night out with friends. Probably a every once in a while place for most, but you'll have a great night when you do visit.
5	one of the best tasting burgers i've had. great atmosphere for meetings or catching up over brunch
5	Really Cool place! We visited for brunch and I had one of the best summer brunch experiences I have had in Phoenix. By summer, I mean indoors. The interior of this place has a shabby chic vibe.The Carrot Cake pancakes were wonderful. A great dish to order with a group and share will have something a bit more savory to balance the richness of the dish. Also had a pomegranate alcoholic drink which was great.
4	Great bartenders, I had an old fashioned and the chicken fried chicken and a beer for Sunday brunch. All excellent.
5	We made a reservation and enjoyed our dinner Saturday night at the Henry...clearly another great Fox Concepts restaurants!  To start, the atmosphere is great - beautifully decorated and complete attention to detail.  The service was great too - we were warmly welcomed, promptly seated and helped immediately.  We started our dinner with the cheddar popovers...sinfully good!  They serve them with a ham flavored butter and a fleur de sel - simply amazing!  We both opted for the roasted chicken entree with two picnic sides.  I choose the creamed corn and the mac 'n cheese - wow, both of these were amazing!  My husband chose the mashed potatoes and the cauliflower polenta...the polenta was crazy good!  I am actually craving it just sitting here typing up this review.  I wish we had saved room for dessert as I hear their choices are amazing...next time for sure!I am excited to come by in the morning and check out the coffee bar and make the work space mine for a few hours...great idea and can't wait to try it out!Another home run for Fox...way to go!
3	This review is strictly for the coffee shop here. Upon entering, it is obvious that the restaurant had a lot of thought put into it. The design is gorgeous, very modern and comfortable. The girl working at the coffee counter was helpful. The husband had a latte and I got the butcher ( two shots of espresso topped with coffee and sweet cream). Weirdly enough, the two drinks tasted very much the same... they both were overly acidic and just not terribly pleasant to drink. I would like to come back here to try the food/drinks, but for coffee... I don't think so.
4	Really enjoy The Henry. Been there 3x! Love the interior, but will agree it is a bit loud at times for conversation. The menu is eclectic. I tried the chef's breakfast special just because it sounded so unusual and Seth recommended it, so I trusted and wasn't disappointed. Very good.The Kale and apple slaw surprised me and is my favorite item right now. And the white truffle and parmesan fries.. well just order and thank me later.I always ask to be seated in Seth's section! He's the school teacher by day/server on nights/weekends! His great people skills allows him to give amazing attention without hovering, good suggestions, fun personality. He definitely completes the dining experience ! He's the best!This will become a regular spot for me.
4	Fox does it again....You might like this place. I thought it was really good. The atmosphere was different and what I would call comfortable elegance. I felt as if I was nestled in a nice library in someone's home. Love the high ceiling. Kind of an odd location but once you're inside you forget where you are.I had a chai lemonade ginger soda. Be sure to stir it up before you drink. Food was also good. The owners go out and pick their own tomatoes for the salad I had! I also shared the turkey French dip and it was fresh and fabulous.I liked it because there is a full beautiful bar dining and sitting area on one side and then on the other side it is  more of a coffee soda bakery kind of environment.HH everyday 4-6.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. Also a coffee bar and pastries open regular business hours. What I found to be a little wonky was the open space on the very far west side of the establishment. Very different atmosphere. There is a television where you can watch sports. There's lots if empty tables scattered awkwardly and brighter lights.Food for though Fox... You might consider having live music in that area...... Perhaps a coffee house featuring smooth jazz or acoustic, Spanish guitar...Plenty of good musicians looking to play for their supper, perform and be heard by patrons out for an evening of relaxation.Or maybe you're transforming that area into a pizza parlor .....keep on truckin'....;-)Overall with the exception of the far west side of the establishment The Henry is definitely worth a look. Parking can be a little precarious but can be found. I can say with confidence you'll find a space to settle in at The Henry.http://www.foxrc.com/restaurants/the-henry/
4	Great place. Great atmosphere. Excellent food. Be sure to make reservations because it gets busy! Fox Reataurants, you've done it again. Way to go! The Henry is a must-dine in the Phoenix area.
4	Fourth visit - 5 stars for service and environment and COCKTAILS. 4 for food as breakfast potatoes are a "what?"  Try the Bloody Mary from the cart, sample a mixed drink from the menu, or ask for your favorite spirit crafted to suit your mood. They have the bar thing down. Breakfast is our favorite meal so we know omelets. The Egg White Turkey is perfectly prepared with plenty of flavor and filling. It's not the best ever, but certainly not bad. No words exist in the English language to describe the ingenuity of carrot cake pancakes topped not with standard cream cheese icing but a dollop of a butter infused with cream cheese. My cakes were just shy of fully cooked - 5 stars for the concept, 4 for execution - but the meal was still delicious. Ron, our server, presented perfectly and knows his spirits, too. Live music was excellent.
5	I have been here twice and I love it. Dope atmosphere. Food and coffee have been delicious. Chicken sausage scramble was incredible. The service has been outstanding. Ron found an issue on our bill and found us before we left to correct it which was awesome. Justin the second time went above and beyond to make sure our meal was perfect and made sure all our specific (and likely annoying ha) requests were granted.
4	This place is good for lunch and happy hour.  I didn't try the coffee but it was busy.  The vibe really isn't dinner, to me.  The rib pot stickers were really good.
4	I have not been to a FRC yet that I have not loved! Since I used to live in this area, this is where I often come back to for trendy dining and watering hole options. I had been wanting to try The Henry for some time now and a girls night last week lead us here, finally! Apparently we entered into the less crowded area right of the coffee bar thinking we were sneaky in beating the crowded door. Ha! After being by passed by the wait staff a few times, one of us got up and went to the bar to see why. Well, duh. We were in the coffee area! Silly girls. We moved to the crowded area and started our wait like everyone else when some sharply dressed guys took pity on us and offered up their high table. Nice! We were quickly greeted by a friendly waitress who cleaned and dried the table. A plus, because anyone who is a frequent diner knows this doesn't always happen and you end up that way! This waitress was informative, spot on with her service, sweet and attentive. We started out with the Vodka and Pulp from the intriguing cocktail menu that features fresh cocktails and even a handful of soda and juice mixology's that are sans alcohol. Perfect for the one third of us that is starting her family. For the other two thirds of us: The Vodka and Pulp was a refreshing mix of Ketel One vodka muddled with a citrus orange press and topped with club soda served up so nicely in a tall glass. Perfect on a hot desert day! The Red Stiletto was as pretty as it sounded. Belvedere vodka mixed with grenadine and cherry bitters in a old fashioned champagne glass. We moved on to our starter of the Wood Grilled Artichoke. The artichoke is grilled to perfection to the middle of the tender heart and served with a perfect truffle alioli. It could easily be shared or as a meal for one. My friends ordered the Short Rib Potstickers with ponzu and sesame. There were four of them and they raved over how good they were. Our main meal consisted of us all ordered the Roasted Turkey French Dip. I had the kale salad as side and again, that was a hit. I even took half the sandwich home for the next days lunch. The wifi was fast and had a strong signal the entire time we were there. That is a plus, as no one can be far from their smart phones or emails these days. I would loved if The Henry had valet parking because it was seriously hard to find parking on a busy Thursday night. Again, a first world problem! That is not enough to deter me from coming back to The Henry and trying out the coffee bar and more of the innovative menu. I loved the vibrant decor and the atmosphere, just as much as I love all the other FRC places in the valley!
4	I went with some friends here. It was a bit pricey but I enjoyed the roasted chicken and the drinks!
5	The food, atmosphere, and service is amazing!  Kelly is the best (manager)!  We met family & friends for brunch and had a great time.  I will be returning to try the dinner menu.
5	I've been wanting to eat here for a while but we live in Ahwatukee and don't get to Arcadia that often. We were up for a long run so we stopped in at the Henry afterwards. Had a wonderful breakfast. Between the three of us we ordered the spicy chicken sausage scramble, the quinoa burrito, and the egg White turkey omelette. Everything was delicious. I really loved the portion size. Small enough that we didn't feel stuffed at the end of the meal. The design of the restaurant is so beautiful I want to move in. Please Fox Restaurant Concepts, can you build something in Ahwatukee?
5	Had a nice dinner here with my wife last weekend and we were quite pleased.  We like to take our time when we were out so it was funny when the manager brought out our appetizer and said it was on the house due to the wait.  We hadn't even felt like there was a wait but hey who doesn't like free food.  At the end all of the food was terrific and we even shared two of the deserts which were just as good.  We will be back.
5	We started with drinks at the bar, EXCELLENT bartender, Teddy. We got a table in the dining room and had a wonderful evening. Our servers name was Adam. (my wife said BEST SERVER EVER! ) THANKS THE HENRY! can't wait for brunch!
5	Well! I finally got a chance to go back last night! Service was impeccable...and probably had some of the best food I ever had! The quinoa tacos were amazing! The kale salad was out of this world! And why not top off the  "healthy" meal I had with the most awesome, the most spectacular bread pudding I ever put in my mouth??? Well done The Henry...well done!
4	Consistently good food, great atmosphere, good service.  Seating is not easy and wait times for a table are excessive.  Well worth the wait as there are community tables and/or the bar area is just fine for two.
4	Had a great date night dinner here last week. We made a reservation for 8:00 but arrived around 7:30, we sat at the bar and enjoyed a drink before our table was ready. The service was pleasant, the bartender and waiter were both polite and knowledgeable of the menu.I was pleased with the menu selection and both entrees that we received were delicious. I am always happy with my experience and the food/drinks at Fox Restaurants, this one is no exception.My only complaint is that it was kind of loud inside. I think next time I might try the patio.
4	Absolutely gorgeous interior with a Southern plantation feel. I love a menu that accommodates foodie adventurers and more conservative eaters. Seafood options, ridiculously delicious looking burgers that are practical to eat (not so big around that a normal sized person can't bite into it), and decent salad options for someone trying to eat relatively light.  That being said- anyone who goes to The Henry and doesn't get the truffle oil fries is missing the boat. I'm actually dreaming about them as I write this.  For the folks who prefer to drink their calories, no shortage of options here either. Great cocktail menu, wide selection of carefully chosen beers and a wide selection of wines. This place is the perfect happy hour spot. BONUS- the interior is acoustically pleasing as well. No straining to hear the person across the table from you. It was so inviting for conversation that we actually met and shared an appetizer with the two wonderfully witty gentlemen that sat down next to us. NICE!
4	Went here for breakfast and dinner. Breakfast was better then dinner but both were over priced for what it was. Cool place and nice atmosphere. Patio looks amazing but it's been to hot to use it the couple times I have gone. I would say try it out at least once.
5	Oh my, I have just one word for this place: yumazing!  But reviews need to be longer so let me just say bacon, bacon, bacon, omg bacon, crispy bacon,  2 friends and I ordered 3 more sides of bacon, bacon.  The Bloody Mary cart was a unique feature.  Every dish we ordered was perfection, lox and bagel, French toast, brie toast, popovers, truffle fries, all so good.   As was the waitstaff.  Kudos to the general manager,  Kelly, for taking the time to make us feel so welcome.   Because of our central lcation @ table 13, I noted that it wasn't even special,  she really took the time with every table she can get to.  Highly recommend this spot.
4	I came to a baby shower hosted at the henry over the weekend. The place was easy to find and there was ample parking. The space reserved for us was private and the decor was absolutely charming. There were small food offerings which were all pretty decent, and we even had a private bartender. I would probably come back to try this place out for a real meal; it certainly seems like it would deliver.
3	I came here tonight to celebrate a good friends birthday. We were seated promptly (but I think she had called in advance to reserve a table). Once seated it took awhile to get water or start our orders. The food here was tasty! I ordered the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich, which came with fries, and upgraded to truffle fries. The fries were delicious! Note that although on the menu it states that the sandwich comes with havarti it ALSO comes with american cheese. I returned my sandwich upon arrival because I don't really care for american cheese ( the manager had told me after my switch that the menu does NOT list all the items that may be included on the entree....too bad) This wasn't a major event, however because I needed a new entree, most of the rest of the table was completely finished with their meals and waiting to order dessert. When the new sandwich came out, they included the kale apple salad and that was very light and refreshing. To drink I had the chai lime ginger beer and that was amazing! It tasted like Christmas in a cup-- you must try it!For dessert I had a few bites of the croissant bread pudding. It had rum (or whiskey?) soaked raisins and caramel ice cream--very very delicious and decadent. Our server was very pleasant and friendly. The manager was nice, but I wasn't too thrilled that when I had pointed out that the menu just lists havarti and not american cheese, she checked to menu to see if I was right.It's VERY loud here, I had read that in other reviews, but they aren't kidding! Be sure you don't really want to "catch up" with someone if meeting them here!
3	Love this place, their fresh squeezed grapefruit juice is probably one of the best I've had in a while, the place is relaxing, alive and refreshing, perfect spot for brunch.
5	I *adore* The Henry. They kill it with service here. As I said over brunch this morning the staff is incredibly attentive. A buffalo herd of us arrived for breakfast club to sample the wonders of the morning menu. Thank you Seth, and everyone at The Henry for rocking it out to help all 15 of us!As I have been known to write marathon reviews here's the skinny:+ fancy looking joint (stunning design) supports a range of dress style+ incredible drinks w/the best bar stools in history+ coffee bar area, kid friendly+ outdoor patio area complete with misters, heat lamps, comfy seating and umbrellasI'd eat the breakfast burrito again in a heart beat. In my current food coma I really can't describe what is in it. For that I fail you. Read the menu. I'm sorry. My table mates agreed when they sampled that it was gosh darn good. I had planned to take the other half home for lunch. That did not happen. I'm sporting a buddha belly right now.The fried chicken with over easy eggs and gravy s not a low calorie item. Whatevs. Just get it. You'll thank me. I was envious of the other people at my table. Thank god they threw some forkfuls my way. I was also a fool for not ordering pancakes. Heaven help me. I'd probably lick that plate. Manners? What are they for? Live for today!I'd really like to take a nap now, however, the gym calls. It's not too late for you heathens to hustle over for some brunch/lunch action. Get it!
3	So, let me say I think this is a great place for drinks with friends.  If you want a superb dinner with excellent food, start at the Henry and move on to one of the terrific restaurants in the Arcadia corridor.  My friend and I ordered the cheddar popovers and were disappointed as there were was hardly a trace of cheddar.  For my entree I had the Mediterranean Branzino.  It was tasty, however I found it a tad too buttery (if that's possible) and thought it a bit rich.  Worth $28?  Nah, don't think so.  For dessert we had a peanut butter banana concoction which was good.  I had a mixed cocktail and it was really great and my friend ordered the Riesling which she loved.   I do love the ambience with the bakery/cafe in the front and the booth we sat at was comfortable and spacious.  Again, wonderful place for a happy hour, or as some other reviewers have had great experiences with brunch, maybe that's an option. I would go back with friends for a few cocktails, but leave the food to another place.
4	There is so much to try here that I have not yet had the pleasure! I have been here twice and for both occasions it was for breakfast. I have gotten the Flower Child Scramble both times as it is absolutely divine. It comes with a side of hash browns that are always cooked to perfection! I have also had a mimosa there and they make them with fresh oranges, yum! The other guests I dined with had the Carrot Cake Pancakes, the Le Pig, and some sort of Mexican scramble that they all loved! Overall, breakfast is A+, I just need to come here for lunch/dinner next!
5	Fantastic service, great food! There was a mix up with the tables for a reservation and the management (Colin) went well above and beyond. Highly recommended for anybody looking for a quality meal
5	The ambience is gorgeous. It combines an old world feel that is yet very modern. The menu has the perfect selection of delicious offerings. The pop overs are a must. We shared s Brussels sprout Caesar salad, it was creamy, crisp, and Amazing! The roast chicken needed a little salt but the cauliflower polenta was perfect along with the Mac n cheese. The beef short rib was tender on the inside and the perfect bark on the outside. The taters were deliciously seasoned with garlic and butter. The sprinkled gorganzola added the perfect amount of flavor to this already delicious dish. Looking forward to going back to try more.
4	The Henry was a great experience for us. The vibe is like a combination of "Roaring 20s" combined with mid-century modern. It's done in a very warm and inviting way. The service was excellent. Our server had great suggestions and recommendations for us. The cocktail menu had some interesting and unique choices and the Scotch and Bourbon list was extensive. I had a fig & ginger mule in a hand-hammered copper mug. Delicious! The food was top quality, well prepared and delicious. We had the short rib pot stickers, the Brussels Sprouts Caesar salad, the Thai Peanut Black Cod and the Korean Skirt Steak over Vegetable Fried Rice. I would definitely go back.
4	The Henry was the placed picked for September's Breakfast Club UYE, and I have to say, it's such a cute place, why haven't I been here before? After some seating issues we got to look over the menu and figure out what we wanted.I knew before I got there that I was interested in the Carrot Cake Pancakes, I love love love carrot cake and I love pancakes, so why not have the best of 2 worlds in one. Right?  The pancakes had salted pecans, golden raisins and cream cheese frosting, but it was missing the carrot for me! I love a real carroty carrot cake so I was somewhat disappointed. My friend ordered the chicken fried chicken and we exchanged bites and man that was amazing chicken fried chicken, can't wait to go back for that! Breakfast was good; company was great, looking forward to the next BCUYE!
5	We went for dinner, and had made reservations. The ambiance and decor are very appealing, and seating very comfortable. The server and other staff were pleasant and knowledgeable. Cocktails: Boulevardier, Texas Paloma, and Manhattan were delicious and well done. The White Truffle Parmesan Fries were crispy (as they should be) and perfectly topped- not too much, not too little. We split the Roasted Brussles Sprout Caesar salad and enjoyed every bite. The Korean Style Skirt Steak was amazing. I can't wait to have it again. The Roasted Chicken was juicy, and delicious along with the spectacular cauliflower Polenta. The only problem is deciding whether to try the brunch or come back for the Korean Style Skirt Steak.
5	The Henry is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix!The atmosphere lends itself to being a great place to grab a coffee and treat in the cafe, have a business lunch meeting in the restaurant, or meet friends for brunch on the patio on the weekend.Their brunch menu is my favorite and the live acoustic music is top-notch. Tons of wonderful breakfast, lunch and dinner menu options, great indoor and outdoor seating areas, upscale yet not too pricey, and always wonderful service. Sam Fox has done it again! Five stars and two thumbs way up.
4	This place has a great look to it and it is a great central location. The menu is kinda limited and a bit overpriced and the restaurant is really loud. Some of the drinks and food is really good but I think if this wasn't a Fox restaurant no one would go here.
5	Their staff is fantastic!  We had a catered event here and the food was great, loved the kale appetizer and the chocolate cake dessert was great.  The decor is spectacular and I wish I lived closer so I could visit more often.  I recommend for events and for a fun dinner.
5	Atmosphere...vibe..food...and especially the drinks all great. I had the steak and it was great. This place is 30 mins from my place but I drive down to get the "upstate gentleman". Great drink. The value is great for the quality and service here. This is what is call a no brainer it's gotta be in your top 3 or 4 if you live in the area
5	Love this restaurant. It is a casual, comfortable restaurant with a great variety of menu options and friendly skilled staff. First, the coffee is amazing. A great place for breakfast/brunch. The lunch and dinner menu is also great. I'd try the kale spinach dip, the roasted chicken and any dessert on the menu.
4	Great restaurant. Food is delicious!Great happy hour. Love the appetizers...kale and garlic dip is tasty. Service is ok but I didn't mind too much. I am a frequent guest.
2	Farmed salmon dish posing as real wild caught salmon (look it up); server didn't know any better so she lied in saying that it was indeed wild. That about sums it up for me. Otherwise uninspired menu that is overall decent enough but not spectacular. Same goes for the ambiance and decor. It looks like they tried to do something interesting here, hired skilled designers and mostly pulled it off, but it still kind of falls flat. Very typical Fox concept. I'd come back if they priced it as what it is, but this is definitely a lame corporate concept struggling to pose as something that it never can be.
4	Great food, potstickers were amazing, best I've had. Skirt steak was a bit heavily seasoned, but good. Service was great, sat at the bar all night to watch the ALCS Wild Card Game, which was 5 1/2 hours long, but was comfortable the whole time and kept in good sprints by the bar staff. Great decor, nice staff, solid food, great location.
3	The place, as all FRC is really nice.The food, as all FRC is meh. The avocado toast was pretty good, though. With a hint of smoked flavor was really interesting.The short rib was fair but nothing memorable.There's a coffee bar inside the place which adds a nice touch. The Butcher was good.I had also a home made soda (pineapple) which was really tasteful. Be aware that this place is a little pricey for what you get.I talked to a friend of mine about this place and she said that when she went there were bugs everywhere. When she said that I remembered that while I was waiting for my friend I saw a tiny spider descending and landing right at my table. Yes, I wacked it. Shame on me.If you don't expect much food wise, this is a really nice place.Cheers
4	Delish but pricey for dinner - but really delish.  Great coffee/breakfast, no pricier than Starbucks and much, much, much better food!!!
5	Okay, I am usually skeptical of the hot restaurant owner in the city and his or her concept restaurants. However, I was truly wow by the Henry!  Five stars all around for ambience, service, and quality of food.First, ambience. I love that it feels like the den or library in someone's home. The lighting is soft, the music is not too loud, and the seating is extremely comfortable.  I particularly liked that if you don't have a reservation and don't want to wait, there are a series of sofas that you can sit at and still order from the full menu.Second, the service. Everybody that I encountered at this restaurant was delightful. As soon as I walked in, I was greeted with a smile.  When I asked where the restroom was, one of the hostesses actually walked me to it!  Not only was the server nice, he was well-informed! Often, my food allergies require the waiter to run into the kitchen, but this guy had the answer to everything about every dish.Third, and most importantly, the food. Every single thing that I ate was delicious. I started with a simple house salad that had one of the most delicious ginger miso dressings I've ever tasted. But dinner was an even bigger treat! It's really hard to wow with chicken, but the Henry did it!  The perfect balance of crispy skin and juicy meat presented simply with rosemary and thyme.  I was also impressed with the side of apple and kale slaw. I normally hate coleslaw and mayonnaise, but this combination was perfect. The sweetness of the apple countered the bitterness of the kale and the creaminess of the mayonnaise and finished off very lightly.No room for dessert, but I will definitely go back and report back to you.
4	The food was fantastic and the ambiance was very cool. I was there for Saturday brunch so there was live music. I'd love to try their regular menu!
4	Wow, this food was great!! I recommend the kale and garlic dip for starters. It's not heavy and tastes great with the bread and crackers. The Korean Skirt Steak was absolutely, wonderfully delicious (just amazing) so tender with a little kick and very filling. The Chinese Chicken Salad was fresh, light and the perfect summer salad. The Salmon Salad was incredible! Brussel sprouts, cauliflower, mushrooms and kale with a light lemon vinaigrette topped with a wonderful piece of salmon. Split a piece of the peanut butter/dark chocolate covered banana custard and you won't be disappointed. I'll be dreaming about this dinner until next time!
1	Pretentious, over priced, and snooty. Since I live in Arcadia and have tried most resturants in the area, I thought to try this place. We were a party of 7 so I called ahead. I was advised that no reservations were necessary, however, when we arrived all heads turned. Perhaps b/c we were a diverse ethnic party? We were told the wait was 45 minutes, even though seating was available. We walked out...and won't be back.
5	This place is a must. Their garlic Bloody Mary's are unparalleled. Their breakfast is amazing. You won't regret anything you order.
5	From the very start this place looked amazing. But in this case, looks were not deceiving. The coffee and bakery options were great and tasteful. The interior layout, eclectic style, and furniture selection were not only comfortable but stylish. The service was outstanding and on point. But best of all, if this was my last meal... I would be more than satisfied.
5	Fantastic.  Only complaint was the late reservation.  Great ambiance. Great staff. Great menu. And delicious food.  Branzino and braised short rib are pretty incredible. Prices are fair based on quality.  Possibly a larger wine list (by glass). Definitely going back.
3	I've been to the Henry three or four times already and even though the food is good (nothing too spectacular).. It is quite pricey for what you get. I do enjoy sitting on their beautiful patio but watch out for those bug bites. I left that place with 4 mosquito bites.Not sure if it will be my top pick on restaurants that I will revisit.. But we will see.
5	What an amazing dinner experience! I was excited by just the look of the restaurant, but didn't have the highest of hopes for the service or the food, as FRC restaurants are typically overpriced and hit or miss. I am pleased to report that The Henry exceeded my expectations on every level. First off, Seth is the best server ever. Seriously, like EVER. It was my first time at The Henry and everything he recommended was pure gold. I started off with the fig and ginger mule. This is HANDS DOWN the BEST cocktail I have ever put in my mouth. For appetizers, we had the Brie toast and the popovers with ham butter and herb butter. The Brie was served on toasted, smokey bread with pears, hazelnuts, arugula, and pomegranate and it was amazing. The popovers were okay - maybe not as good as the popovers at BLT Steak, but the ham butter was really what made them stand out. For dinner I had the Korean skirt steak. It wasn't my first choice but Seth recommended and I went with it. I was skeptical because I'm Korean, and frankly, Korean food in Arizona just isn't that good. The skirt steak was being served over fried rice - which caused me to make a face, but Seth PROMISED it was good, and it really, really was. In fact, I had an "Anton Ego Eats Ratatouille" moment. It wasn't that the dish was the best I had ever had, but it tasted like something my grandmother would have made. Tomorrow, my grandmother would have been 95 years old and every bite of the fried rice on my plate just took me back to a childhood filled with dolsot bibimbap and kalbi. Frankly, the only thing missing was the kimchee, and I was tempted to run into the kitchen to see whose Korean grandmother they had hidden away back there. After an incredible meal, I was talked into a croissant bread pudding laced with rum soaked raisins and warm deliciousness. It was the perfect end to a perfect meal, and a meal I would repeat again and again.
5	I have been looking forward to dining here since they opened and have seen my friend's rave reviews. Finally got the chance on October 15th for my belated birthday dinner with my beau. Everything was perfection! We were seated right away for our 8:30pm reservation. We were sat at a roomy booth which was perfect for my BF to finish up some work on his laptop. Our server Luci was great! It was her 1st night serving on her own (without a trainer) and she was a gem! Very knowledgeable about the wine and food menu. Fabulous job Luci!We shared the Smoked Norwegian Salmon appetizer, I had the Roasted Rosemary Chicken with cauliflower "polenta" and brussels sprouts and my BF had the Korean Style Skirt Steak. It was all wonderful! We shared the German Chocolate Flourless Cake, which was just OK (I wasn't expecting it to be spectacular without flour...the BF has to eat gluten-free, though) and Salted Caramel Ice Cream...delish! Also had 2 specialty coffees with dessert.A wonderful dining experience from start to finish and added to our "Favorite Restaurants" list!
4	Another Fox Restaurant to become addicted to.  We came for brunch on Sunday.  The wait was pretty long, but was very tolerable given the ability to order delicious coffee drinks and sit out on the patio.  The atmosphere here is great, and there are rooms where one can sit and relax or work or study.  The dining room was nicely appointed and the service was attentive and professional, as expected.  We shared a bruleed pink grapefruit, which was something I'd never heard of, but which was delicious beyond words with a sugared crust atop a juicy, flavorful grapefruit half (half for each of us mind you).  I opted for a cheese egg scramble which was served over a slice of ham.  Not a normal choice for me, and very delicious.  Enjoyed the potatoes as well.  My companion opted for the apple French Toast, which was delicious as well.  The coffee was good.  Nothing but positive feedback on this one.  Will definitely be back!
1	Tried to eat lunch here today.  Was sat near the fireplace until a table opened up.  Waited for a half hour with no service.  Three servers came outside but none offered menus or even glanced our way.  Three tables sat open, unbussed while we were waiting.  Disappointing customer service.  We finally walked out because we couldn't get anyone's attention and were hungry.  Decor is really great, but it looks like they need more management and training.
4	Sam Fox seriously has a monopoly when it comes to restaurants in the Phoenix area. When researching dining in Scottsdale, his renown concepts were always the first to pop up. The Henry is one of his newer restaurants and is well received judging by its popularity and wait times. Fortunately, I was able to easily snag a seat at the bar and watch the restaurant in action. It's spacious with couches indoors for lounging, a large outdoor patio, and a coffee shop. The servers are helpful, friendly, and quick to provide suggestions if you need. I was able to stay a while without feeling rushed by anyone to leave. I started the evening out with an Old Fashioned made with Angel's Envy, which was not too sweet and beautifully presented. They have a good whiskey selection and one of the bartenders gave me a tasting of Orphan Barrel rye on the house! Their food menu has an array of options from small bites to steaks. I ordered the avocado toast and a side of brussels sprouts. The brussels sprouts were fantastic- crispy, fresh, and flavorful. The avocado toast was decent but lacking in a certain spice and would be better served with goat cheese over queso fresco. I rounded out the night with a delicious Regan's Final Word (rye, chartreuse, luxardo) to complete the experience. I really appreciated the great service at the Henry and the overall atmosphere and would definitely go back in the future.
2	I have wanted to  visit The Henry ever since it opened.  My wife and I are big breakfast fans and travel all over the valley in search of great breakfast places.  The November issue of the Phoenix Magazine featured the breakfast at The Henry in Phoenix, a Sam Fox Restaurant.  What enticed us to go on this Sunday morning was their description of a great French Toast dish with a photograph of a plate of nice thick bread, slices of apple, oozing with a Carmel sauce.  Both my wife and I ordered that dish.  Pictures can be oh so ever deceiving.  (You know FRENCH TOAST is bread drenched in an egg batter, etc. etc.)  Our dish did not resemble the promo photo at all.  We received 4 pieces of sliced white bread, halved and toasted.  To give the toast a well done look they were prepared on a flat grill and pressed down, most likely with a spatula, which burned the exterior of the bread and which was now about 1/4 inch thick.  There was no egg batter, it was TOAST.  There was 7 small slices of apple along with the 8 pieces of toast.  This was accompanied by a thimble full of maple syrup.  THATS IT.  Man oh man!  We were so hungry that we ate the dish, saving one piece each to show the manager that under normal conditions the toast was burned and uneatable.  She told us that she would convey our complaint to the chef.  I would hope so.  If this is indicative of the type of dishes served as a breakfast meal, we will never return.  On the side, I love to cook and know first hand when something is good and when it is bad.  This was a BAD dish.  Further, I have paid much more than the $10 cost of this dish and would never complain about the price, but I could reproduce the same dish for about .15 cents, no more than .20 cents.  I had high hopes for The Henry (The place is neat and comfortable and the service was spot on) but the preparation of our meal has turned us off.
5	Excellent burgers, probably one of my favorite burgers in the valley.  The burger is really juicy and the bun isn't too thick.  I hate it when places use dense buns with their burgers.  I want to fill up on the actual meat and toppings, not on flour.  The burger comes with grilled red onions and in my opinion, that is a no-no.  I don't like red onions cooked at all, I personally think they should always be served raw.  They will easily do this for you and I am sure if you wanted grilled yellow onions or what not, they would do that for you as well.  The place is very nice inside but you can still go casual here.  I haven't had the breakfast before but it looks like a happening place for it.  They have excellent service as well.
4	Had a nice brunch on the patio.  Decor, servers and food were all spot on.  Menu had a good selection and food was very tasty.
1	Maybe this place is good but it was so crazy crowded we had to leave.  Parking is very limited.  If you have a Porsche and worried about a good parking space, forget it.  you are going to get dinged in this crazy parking lot.  I saw several women with huge Suburbans trying to squeeze those into tiny spaces then slamming the doors into adjacent cars trying to get out.  Anyhow, very stuffy and entitled, spoiled hostesses like you are bothering them to put your name in.  Then they want to 'text' you for your reservation.  Well, i gave a number went outside, 45 minutes later no text.  I dedided to just leave rather that go into those snots and asked what was going on.  so, i didn't get to try the food because I couldn't get past all of these challenges.
5	We were a party of 3 who arrived at 7pm. The place was packed so I was glad to have a reservation. The service was excellent from the time we walked in until the time we left. It was evident that the management takes the time to train the staff. We ordered drinks that were prepared to perfection,  then ordered an appetizer that was equally delicious. We were not rushed and after enjoying our drinks and starter we ordered our dinners. Our main courses were wonderful. Thanks for a great dinner out with friends.
5	This place is stylish & swanky, love the Moscow Mule!  Great service atmosphere.
3	After hearing great things about this place over the years, I finally got a chance to go try it out! The location is prime...couldn't be any better. The menu is ok. I just don't see how it's unique to any other nice restaurant. I did really like the mixed berry lemonade tonic water!!! The service was good but there was nothing that stood out to me about it.
2	I really enjoyed the patio seating around this time of the year. Combination of Food and Drink menu kept me coming back, bringing visitors from out of town...until this time, I made a reservation via Opentable.com for out door patio. When I showed up, unfortunately there was a struggle with getting the patio table with the hostess. She stated that it couldn't be "reserved" and she could only offer the inside. Interestingly, there were at least 3 other opens tables were opened in the patio as we finally were seated outside. Moreover, one of the table had a "reserved" sign on it. It was really a confusing system. It was rather a frustrating experience! If this fox-concept place keeps this up, I can also help to spread the words...There are many other places can offer the same, patio, good food and drinks.
1	I really wanted to like this place but i had an awful first experience, and that's enough to turn me off.  Yep, i had the dreaded, HAIR IN MY SOUP!  Then the staff looked at me like it was my fault.  WTF, take it away and comp it.  Don't you dare try to not take full responsibility.  It can happen, i understand, but it's your job to make it right.
5	We were in Phoenix visiting friends and our friends brought us here.  My friend who had been there before could not stop raving about the pork chop.  My other friends and I were skeptical as a pork chop has never been high on our list of things to order in a restaurant.  As we walked in, we were pleasantly surprised by the inside.  We liked the decor a lot.  It appeared that there was a coffee/pastry bar right in front with a lounge area with sofas, chairs and coffee tables.  Looks like a great place to grab a cup of coffee in the morning!  We were seated fairly quickly and were greeted by our server Caroline.  She was really nice and we all joked about how we wanted to be friends with her and we should just ask her to sit down with us.  We ordered drinks.  I got Henry's Private Island which was fruity and delicious.  It went down very quickly!  =)  Caroline heard us cheering our friends birthday and quickly came over to wish her a happy birthday.  So nice!  For appetizers, we ordered the kale and garlic dip which was amazing!  We devoured it.  For our entrees, everyone except for me ordered the pork chop.  I ordered the short rib and planned to share with a friend so we could try both.  We received the meals and I thought that the short rib was great.  But then I tried the pork chop.  WOW!  The pork chop was amazing!  Two of my friends stated that this was one of the top 10 best meals that they have ever had!!!  I have to agree as well!  It was at least two inches thick which I've never seen before.  It wasn't dry at all.  It was moist and the flavor went all through the meat.  So delicious.  For dessert, we shared the sweet potato semifreddo which was yummy.  We also got the salted caramel ice cream.  Amazing!  My Phoenix friends commented that it was better that the salted caramel ice cream that they get at their favorite local ice cream place.  Overall, we all really enjoyed our meal.  The food was delicious and the service was fantastic.  I can't wait to go again the next time I'm in Phoenix.
4	Some of the best service I've experienced during my 5 day trip here. We had the short rib potstickers and kale dip for appetizers and each got fish as an entree. Very fresh, colorful, and with lots of good seasonings. The place is quite spacious which makes for quick seating even without a reservation. I enjoyed it and would certainly visit again.
4	Came here for a casual business dinner after hearing rave reviews. The immediate feel of the restaurant is trendy, casual, hip. Feels very open and relaxed. Drinks were delicious. Hubby had the fig and pomegranate(?) mule. It was amazing. Wish I had one for myself too. Others at the table enjoyed delicious cocktails as well. No complaints. At first glance the menu is not overly impressive but at the recommendation of my server I tried the braised short ribs and my husband had the Mediterranean Branzino (Seabass). My oh my was it good! The short ribs had a delicious brandy caramel sauce that was just the right touch for such a dish. The flavors were delicious. I was surprised that my husband had ordered fish since he's a red meat lover but his fish was cooked perfectly and full of delicious flavors. Both dinners were a hit. Since we don't live close, we probably won't be back that often. However, you can bet we'll stop by when we're in the area and recommend to plenty of people.
4	It's been a little while since I've eaten hear but the food is excellent.  It gets a little noisy if they seat you by the bar area so I recommend getting seating away from the bar.  Overall, service is good and the food is great!
5	Been here twice now, love the open feeling of the restaurant.  The servers treat you really well, very friendly. Great drinks as well.  I would go with the short rib or the roasted chicken, really nice on both.
5	Beautiful decor. Well thought out, open kitchen, with considered, consistent theme throughout restaurant and outside seating area. Started with the salmon appetizer, and though had high expectations, was still blown away.  Main was the Korean skirt steak; incredible.  Coffee at end of meal also on point.  Varied menu with lots of interesting choices, as well as accommodating chefs for those in party with quite strict dietary requirements.  Highly recommend.
4	Really enjoy the vibe here. It is always busy and on weekends reservations are almost always necessary, The food is priced well and there is a decent variety. Weekends they serve breakfast all day, which is great when you get up late or live out in the East Valley.
3	I like the decor of the place, but the food (at least the plate I had - CB and Rye) was just ok...definitely not worth the price they charged. However, their homemade sodas and lemonade was good.
4	The restaurant has a large sign at the center top of the building, making the restaurant easy to find.  Because the door handles are in the shape of a round sign, we found the door difficult to locate.  Once we figured it out we were inside.The inside of the restaurant is well lit and attractively decorated.  The restaurant was loud, but we could hear music playing in the background.  The temperature was comfortable.DINING ROOMThe spacing between the tables was tight, but provided adequate space.  Our table had one chair and the other seat was a bench attached to the wall.  Both seats were comfortable and looked new.  The menus were clean and in good repair with no typographical errors.  The napkins, plates, glasses and silverware were all clean and appeared to be nearly new.Short Rib Pot StickersThe pot stickers were served hot, attractively garnished with sesame seeds, mizuna and a yuzu ponzu sauce.  The portion size was large and enough for two to four guests.  The ingredients tasted fresh and delicious.  This appetizer exceeded our expectations and will be one reason we will return to the restaurant.Roasted Turkey French DipThe turkey French dip sandwich was served hot with a delicious horseradish aioli sauce.  It was attractively arranged with a simple, but tasty salad.  The serving size was large and enough for one to two guests.  The natural au jus was enjoyable and complemented the turkey and havarti on the parmesan roll.  The sandwich exceeded our expectations.Wood Grilled BurgerThe wood grilled hamburger was cooked to a proper medium rare and delicious.  I was an appropriate size for one person.  The French fries were also enjoyable, but many of them were overcooked and burned.  I set them aside as I ate and was surprised that about one-third of them had been ruined.  While the hamburger was made from quality ingredients, I thought that it was slightly overprice at $13 and did not represent a good value.Chocolate Ice CreamThe chocolate ice cream was a medium sized serving of rich, creamy ice cream and was a good size for one person.  It was served cold and had not melted in the dish.  The ingredients were of high quality and refreshing to consume on a hot day.  At only $3, we felt the ice cream was a good value for the price charged.
2	I had a high hopes as I had been told how great this place was... To say I was greatly disappointed would be an understatement. The popovers were barely palatable. I ordered the Porkchop and well the flavor was good the meet was one of the toughest I can remember ever eating. My friend commented that it looked like I was getting a workout just chewing my food, and that's how it felt. I will say that the bread pudding was amazing. Had it not been for that it would've been a total bust.The other people at my table both had the roast chicken and it was a sad looking plate and neither of them thought it was anywhere close to as good as a Costco rotisserie chicken tastes. With tip and drinks and two desserts the three of us spent $180 on a below average meal. We were scouting out a place to have our office Christmas party, suffice it to say we will not be holding it there.
5	We've been on a bit of a Fox binge lately, and I think I can sum up our feelings on The Henry in one word: Yup.That's really all you need to know. It is outstanding.First, the decor and ambiance is so glorious. You're sitting in someone's fancy mansion living room, except there's a gigantic kitchen in there so you can watch the action. It's such a unique environment, one that I haven't experienced in any other restaurant, and I LOVED IT. I started with a delicious glass of Sangiovese blend, while boyfriend ordered a pinapple passion fruit from their homemade soda list. (LOVE this trend.) It was tart and refreshing!We started with the kale and roasted garlic dip, because obviously this is what one does when they see such a thing of beauty on the menu. I'll now dream of that cheesy, bubbly dip and how to replicate it at home, but I'll know it's a lost cause and have to head back there to order it again and again. (Kale means it's low-cal.)I decided to keep with the gluttonous theme for the night and go with the black truffle lasagna. Two more words: COME ON. Your own (deceptively) tiny skillet comes out of the oven in a glory of pasta, cheese, mushrooms and brussels. Those shaved brussels really made it. I had to pump myself up to finish the entire thing (because I am fat), but it was worth it. So, so worth it.Boyfriend had been waffling between the roasted chicken and burger. Our server quickly assured him the burger was amazing, and he kept it classic with a side of fries. He said it was easily one of the best burgers of his life. (Remember that fat thing I said up there? I used some of his fries to finish off the lasagna sauce left in my plate. Told you.)The Henry really did live up to the hype for us. The only downside was that I don't get to live next door. Many return visits await!
4	Oh Sam Fox ... Another win in your restaurant book. The restaurant is as beautiful as they say in other reviews.  It is contemporary, yet hipster, with a Euro flair. Whether you sit inside, outside, bar or at  the large coffee table it is a nice relaxing atmosphere.  We went there for breakfast and chose the bar for the TV {football Sunday}. **Weekend Note - Arrive before 10am - NO waiting**Le Pig $11.00: scrambled eggs, ham, havarti cheese & mayonnaise on a toasted croissant.  Review - AMAZING. Perfect portion and havarti cheese is a nice addition to a traditional sandwich and truly didn't need the mayo and was glad to have requested it on the side. Caramel Apple French Toast $10: brown butter cinnamon apple & maple syrup. Review - Okay. It is a thinner bread and not filling. We did have to send it back the first time because it was cold. However, the manager quickly came over to apologize and she removed it from the bill.  Iced Vanilla Latte:  One of the best latte's I have had in town ... Thanks Sam for another gem in Arcadia, we will be back!
4	The Henry is terrific--the space is great looking and very inviting.  They were packed on a Saturday afternoon so we sat at the bar--which was terrific--I wasn't in the mood for day drinking so I had a virgin mary--it was fabulous--can't wait to go back and do the make your own thing--had breakfast--just simple eggs and potatoes --everything was just right and one of the best breakfasts I have had in a long time.  Definitely plan to go back and try some of the other dishes.
2	We had a large party sitting outside - maybe that was the issue. But the fish was cold, the salad was warm, the minestrone soup was not only cold but mushy and burnt (like it gets when you scrape it up from the bottom of the pot after it's been sitting too long). Three of our party didn't get their food until everyone else was not only completely finished not only with their entrees but also their 2nd cocktails or coffees. Some things were comped but overall mediocre, overpriced (salmon salad, soup and 3 glasses of wine were almost $70 before tip). The wine was passable but nothing special. Nice ambiance but disappointing. Skip it or maybe try it for lunch when they are not busy. And give yourself plenty of time to find a place to park. The place was - unaccountably, based on our experience - busy. Just another trendy Scottsdale watering hole.
4	I love this place. The blood mary cart is super awesome. I have tried three or four items on the menu and they were all delicious.
4	My friend and I came to try this place out. The place is nice. The decors, couches and the set up is alluring but I didn't like how we were welcomed by the restaurant hostesses. They all looked at us like we're lost or something. They we're not approachable. When we sat down, our server came and introduced his self, we became comfortable, he was nice and friendly. We ordered the truffle fries, popover and the corn beef sandwich and salad. The food was great, the fries were delicious, we asked for more truffle sauce. The popover was ok, we expected it to be more sharp flavor. The sandwich was good but it was too meaty. I wish it has sauerkraut in it. The kale and apple salad was good. I love the sweetness and the crunchiness to it. After dinner my friend and I decided to order the croissant bread pudding, we paired it with their latte. I think The Cleo (latte) complements the bread pudding. I love it!
5	Love the Henry, great service, great ambiance, great food & drinks. They have live music for brunch on weekend, wasn't too loud which was perfect! The Henry will definitely remain one of my top favorites for brunch. They are fairly busy all the time, so just expect to wait a little while, but they always offer you to go to bar and get a drink or something while you wait.
5	Sold at Wild Mushroom Tortelini! Also, you HAVE TO order the cheese popovers! Everything was great and I really liked the atmosphere at lunch and at dinner.
4	Great place, good food! Got here around noon on a Saturday, it was a 1/2 hr wait to sit inside (we wanted to sit inside because it was cool in AZ) but there was no wait sitting out on the patio. Well we were hungry, so outside it was! About 10 mins later, we were sat. Luckily we were sat next to a heater. Really thought there would be a long wait for the food, because drinks were a bitOf a wait, but food came out shortly afterwards. Service was great, food was good, all in all, a good time!
5	The Henry is certainly a new standard set for AZ restaurants. The menu and decor are interesting and full of mixed flavors but just enough balance to keep it comfortable. Service Is on point and the prices are decent for what get. I'd recommend to anyone who wants a quick stop in or even a special event.
4	I visited the Henry for the second time with a bunch of friends. The cocktails were fresh,inspired and delicious.  I think I loved the Vodka and pulp and the Clubhouse margarita When you first walk into The Henry you feel like you've been transported to a different time it's a classy place but you feel Ike you are visiting a rich, old friend at the same time. We first sat on comfy sofas to enjoy our cocktails then went outside can you have the rest of our meal.I was with a group of very loud gals and no one complaint which was really nice. I enjoyed soup of the day a corn chowder that was warm, smoky and yummy.The Thai peanut black cod was extraordinary.  Sadly we did not have dessert but for the next time I plan on enjoying more dessert and fewer cocktails. Save your pennies for this place but it's worth using those Fox gift cards for.
4	Enjoyed a lovely breakfast at the Henry yesterday with the Breakfast Club UYE. Our party was 15 strong. We originally started out on the patio, but eventually moved inside due to the heat. Thank you Seth and Company for taking such great care of us; they absolutely shouldn't have gone this far for us. I love the design of this place; from the patio to the interior. Even the bathrooms were carefully thought out! Things Dude y yo ordered:1) Pecan Cinnamon Roll . . . Ok, this was mostly to prevent a passed out Meg on the floor. Needed to get my blood sugar back up from a workout. But thanks Dude, Amy and Jon H. for sharing with me!2) Egg White Turkey Omelette Solid post workout option. REAL roasted turkey, much appreciated. Organic egg whites. Healthy amount of avocado, tomatoes and swiss cheese. It came with breakfast potatoes and we ordered a side of bacon. SO much food. 3) Bagel and LoxJust your typical everything bagel with smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, capers and onions. This thing was PACKED! A little pricey for breakfast, but worth every penny.Excited to go back and try dinner. Thanks Monica O. for hosting another awesome UYE, and thanks again to Seth and the Henry for tolerating our shenanigans!
5	I recently had dinner at The Henry on Sunday night. I only have wonderful things to say about it. I had a reservation for 6:30PM, at 6:34PM one of the managers came over and apologized and offered us a free cocktail. Around 6:45PM we were sat at our table. The food was DELICIOUS (kale and garlic dip, brussel sprout Caesar salad, and Quinoa tacos). The service was great - food came out quick. Our server was personable. I will definitely go back soon. Nice job Sam Fox!
4	Mmm. The iced coffee is so good.  It will wake you up for sure!  I love love love the decor. Fox definitely has a knack for this.  It is a feast for your eyes. Everywhere you look there is something fun to look at.  The food that we had was decent. A bunch of appetizers and we split up a few entrees for lunch.  Nothing knock your socks off, but good! Great place for lunch or happy hour snacks and cocktails with the girls or boys!
5	We had a large group and they offered us their private kitchen free of charge.Food was phenomenal.  Especially the ravioli, veg lasagna, branzino, almost everything.  Decor, ambience and staff couldn't have been better. Would def visit again if in the area.
5	So delicious! Another success by Fox Restaurant Concepts.I had the CB & Rye (a reuben with a twist, basically) and it was so delicious!  Love the decor and our server was knowledgable, friendly, and prompt.I had been wanting to try this place out for awhile and I'm so glad I did.  I didn't realize they also added such a cute patio to the building.  I'm definitely going to go back as there were plenty of other things on the menu that sounded fantastic.
