5	As the owner of Lights Out Exterminating periodically we run across scenarios where insects and plants meet.  Heather, a real horticulturist,  at Earth Smart Design is an invaluable resource for us to meet our clients needs without harming their landscaping and plants.  It is a relief to have someone in your pocket who is as passionate about their business as we are to ours.
4	Heather's wonderful. She designed my mother's yard and maintains it. What a difference! We invited her to create a landscape design of our front and backyard. She was thoughtful and listened to all our ideas and concerns and came back with a beautiful and budget friendly design. She is a wealth of botanical information. We are so excited to get started in the spring with her. If it goes as well as we anticipate then I'll probably be back to offer 5 stars!
5	Heather and Forest are amazing at what they do! They listened to my ideas and implemented them better than I would ever had expected! They use their expertise and knowledge suggest great improvements, that I love. After the concept was developed Heather provided me with a very reasonable budget and was able to execute the work based on the agreed upon quote and timeline! I was there during most of the work and I can definitely tell you, they are perfectionists! I am not an easy client as I am very particular in the details and it was so refreshing for a company to take so much pride in their work! I have and will continue to recommend Earth Smart Design to everyone!!
5	Just built a new home and had a big, dusty dirt backyard that needed to be landscaped. I called several companies and had 4 other quotes. I told each company the budget I had to work with, my contemporary design ideas and features I'd like to have: turf, fire pit, dog run, etc.. The other companies came back with quotes that were way over my budget and either came back with drawings that were not even close to the style or features I had requested or they didn't provide a drawing at all. Why would I hire someone who can't even put on paper what they planned to make my backyard look like?  Heather provided a wonderful design that incorporated every feature I requested in the contemporary style I wanted and within my budget. After seeing her drawing - which was even better than any example I provided, my husband and I knew we wanted to have Earth Smart Design complete our backyard. Heather and her crew were very professional the entire time. She finished the job exactly when she said she would and maintained constant communication throughout the entire process. I appreciate how Heather listened to what WE wanted and created a design around our style. So many other "designers" just keep pushing out the same tired designs for every backyard project instead of creating something new or different. She even tracked down and planted these flowering orchid trees my husband wanted which are hard to find because he was super picky about having the exact species and not just something similar to what he wanted. He is super happy Heather found them and they are beautiful. Our backyard is so pretty! It looks like a model home's backyard! We have a dog run, lots of paver work, fire pit, beautiful flowering trees and plants, rock, and maintenance free turf that looks like real grass. And it's super modern and contemporary looking! My husband and I are thrilled with our new backyard! Heather's work is amazing!
