5	This is a new frozen yogurt place that just opened in the Waterfront, right across from Lowes Theater. There are around a dozen frozen yogurt flavors and lots of toppings to choose from. My favorite fro-yo flavor is chocolate and one of my favorite toppings is the waffle pieces. I really like the spoons- they change colors! These are good quality spoons that can be reused many times.  If you've never been to a froYo place before, the staff is more than willing to tell you how it works. Don't forget: at the end your cup of yogurt will be weighed by the ounce. Don't think you have to fill up your cup completely or else you will be paying a lot more.
5	My family and I had a fabulous experience at Sincerely Yogurt this evening! The store is large for a little yogurt shop, and thank goodness it is... On a beautiful Saturday evening, it was definitely bustling. They had your basic flavors of yogurt, from chocolate and vanilla to cheesecake and strawberry banana. There were probably 50 or so toppings, and I felt the topping station was clean and better maintained than a lot of other similar shops. However, the hands-down best part of my experience? The cup dividers! Slide in that little paper wall in your big cup, and you've got 2-4 options of yogurt creations! I made one side of my wall chocolate covered with peanut butter and fudge treats, while I made the other side cheesecake covered with strawberries and cheesecake bites. I can't wait to come back!
5	Great new location!   I visited this Sincerely Yogurt today with my family.  I was impressed with the new and fun decor.  There was plenty of flavors and tons of toppings.  I especially liked the color changing spoons--a very fun touch!
5	This is hands-down the best frozen yogurt place I've ever been to. The yogurt flavors aren't too tart and they have a really great taste; they're also organic. The staff is super friendly, there's an abundance of toppings, the store is kept very clean, and they give a discount to police officers. This was a great place to stumble upon.
1	I'm giving this location 1 star because the service is horrible!!  The yogurt is yummy, but every time I have gone the lady working at the register has been very disconnected and unfriendly!!  A number of times the door has been locked and the store hours say open.. And though I have gone at 11 am everyday and it's usually open, last week the door was locked again at 11:30; she came to the door, peaked out and said "what??" I said id like some yogurt... She said we don't open until 12:30 now!  I asked why it had suddenly changed and she said it hasn't had much business before then and then she just shut the door..no smile nothing!!  I usually love sincerely yogurts, but this location is by far the worst as far as friendly employees!!!  :/ I wouldn't recommend coming here because the doors may not be open !!
