5	This store is a blast from the past - a time when the owners were on the premises & not a whiff of chain boredom anywhere. It is a convenience store with a lunch counter. Don't mistake it for a fancy bistro with inflated prices.Tom & Dina serve up wonderful pizza, gyros & sandwiches at a very reasonable price. Their subs will have you wondering why you ever went to the six-letter franchise chain that starts with an S and ends with ubway. Sorry, Jared, but Tom & Dina have you beat, hands down.One of the best beverage selections awaits you here, whether you're wanting beer, soft drinks or the latest in energy concoctions. Don't hesitate. Stop in and see Tom & Dina for lunch or dinner. The only downfalls are that they close at 8PM and all day Sunday, but it is a family business. No outsiders work here.I think I will sneak over there now.
5	Great place.  Sandwiches are fresh and use good ingredients I LOVE the itialian with everything but Jalapenos.  But Gyros are also great and my wife likes you can dress them with whatever toppings you like.  Owners are friendly and its nice to have a great little ma and pa place around still that gives great service and great food.
4	The sandwich I got was loaded with great cold cuts and the bread was amazing. Friendly owners who helped us very promptly. Will be going back here to try out more of their menu.
1	I am so very sad... rolled in here and wanted to cry... alcoholic beverage permit application on the window, which should have been my first clue. Walked in and ACK! Tom & Dina are gone. Sold out. New owners. Not the same. No more clean, friendly or inviting. Just another drab store now. The neighborhood lost a treasure and good people. Onward & upward to find another good place to haunt... this is no longer it.
2	So yeah, I read the review about this place being one of those mom and pop places we all grew up loving, so I knew I had to stop by.  Well guess what?  I park outside and they had furniture and junk outside.  The new owners tell me they are remodeling, I figure why not give it a shot, I'm already here.  I proceed to order a couple of gyros, with all the house flys buzzing by while a lady meticulously prepares my food.  In the meantime, there's two guys moving around the furniture and and a lady sweeping what appeared to be 20 years worth of dust from under them.  Well, they were done "remodeling" in 10 minutes, just in time for me to get my gyros "with everything" to go.  So, I get home and hesitantly proceed to consume my food.  Guess what?  This was their only saving grace, they were actually pretty good.  I may stop by some other day, just to grab a soda or something, just to scope out this place, but I don't have high expectations for any improvement.
4	A co worked and I went here for lunch. I have been back about once a week to get the Gyro. I also have my wife hooked. The sandwiches/gyro are great for the price! Nothing flashy or fancy. Just a good place to pick up the best gyro I have ever had. Same 2 people have been there working since I have been going. They are friendly and welcoming once they recognize you. I would highly recommend picking up a GYRO here! Enjoy!
4	What are the haters talking about?  Its a sandwich shop not a dine in restaurant.  If you want a good sandwich without the lines head down there for lunch.  I recommend the ham and swiss on wheat.  If you want an hour long $18 lunch with lots of chit chat this is the wrong place.
3	Question: I hate to ask through a review but does anyone know when they open? I've tried twice, once on a Saturday at 4 and once on a Monday at 1 pm and they were not open either times. I tried to call but they won't pick up and there is no times on their door. I've been really interested in giving this place a try but I haven't been able to!
