2	Let me preface this by saying I did not choose to come here, but it was my coworkers choice and I was immediately skeptical as anything with "House" in it concerns me - i.e. International HOUSE of Pancakes, Waffle HOUSE, nonetheless I tried to keep an open mind. We were there for lunch at around noon. There was one other person in the restaurant. Food: If you come here expect to eat Fajitas, which by the name could be expected, they have a few other selections, the normal Tex-Mex appetizers, burgers and chicken, but the majority of the menu is Fajitas. I had the steak fajitas, decent lunch portion that came with two corn tortillas, rice, beans, a minuscule amount of guacamole and sour cream and a decent lunch amount of steak mixed with sauteed onions and green peppers. The meat was a seasoned skirt steak, unfortunately it was over cooked and grisly. The seasoning had a lot of black pepper that overwhelmed the dish. The rice was okay but by no means a flavorful Spanish rice, think the Rice O Roni equivalent to Mexican rice. The corn tortillas definitely store bought, and not at a decent Mexican market but more of the Albertson's store bought type. They did bring chips and salsa, the chips were decent and it came with a very mild green salsa, I asked for a hotter salsa and they brought me a mild chipotle salsa which had NO heat but good flavor. I added Cholula. The big plus to me is that they had fresh brewed iced tea. I would have probably given this 1 1/2 star based on food but I appreciated the good service. The waitress came around numerous times and refilled my iced teas without complaining, I love ice tea and at some point some waitresses will say "wow you are thirsty today" or worse they will stop coming around - the waitress here did neither. She was pleasant and accommodating. Also, they had a two for one fajita special with the purchase of two drinks. Drinks are $2 and the steak fajitas were $9. It was reasonable overall and although I hope that they improve there food, I certainly wish them the best of luck as they are clearly a small business. However, unless the food changes drastically I will not be back.
3	Not exactly easy to get to if your northbound,,, or even to notice.We were looking for a cheap alternative to the ubiquitous Roberto 's. I think this is it.  We went Sunday about 11 ish,  we were the only customers there. We ordered the two specials - two chili rellenos meal ( w /rice & beans ) and the two tamale 's meal.  The prices were  $ 4.99 for each, drinks included. OK,  not much on atmosphere  and not breaking new ground on mexican cuisine,  but,  it serves up the standard fare.  The condiment station had the pickled jalapenos /carrots /onion. Two kinds of salsas - red and green - both were flavorful if a bit mild.The rellenos were tasty,  as were my tamales. Our rice & beans / with huge flour tortilla were flavorful. Nothing to bitch about. Good for a decent - and cheap - meal. The prices on the menu were roughly the same as Roberto 's. I'll  come back a time or two and see if it merits s boost up in stars - but, for a cheap - fast - and good - it was pretty good.
5	I have eaten at most taco places in vegas, and i order the marinated pork at each one. This guy nails it!  Im so happy i found it. The bad thing, too far from my house. I am going to try everything on the menu!Very happy
5	This is a no frills just good mexican food restaurant.  It is clean and the food is great.  Today was my 3rd time in and I've never been disappointed. I've taken my hubby a couple of times now and he totally agrees.  I do have to say the first time I went in and saw the pictures on the wall of the food I thought uh oh, but I was pleasantly suprised.  I had the Chicken Chimichanga.  It is huge and easily 2 meals for under 8 dollars.  (It's actually 3 for me but I'd expect to make it 2.)  The chicken is white meat NO FAT or grissle.  Seems like high quality ingredients.  I'm thrilled to have found this slightly hidden jewel.And if you want to know why I'm raving it's because yes they are slow and I'm going to be bummed if they close. So go check it out.  :-)If you're coming from the south just turn left on Oakey and then right into the Pizza Hut parking lot, it's behind Pizza Hut.
5	Super good, super fast, super nice! I love my breakfast burrito here...Can't beat it, a must try!
5	If you like Roberto's... Well, you'll never go back to Roberto's. Simply put, the food here is always freshly cooked and they have the best sauces and salsas. Breakfast burrito, chili relleno, and the Sopes are my favorite.
