5	If you've walked down Murray Avenue in nice weather, you've surely seen Paititi's wares blowing in the breeze. They've got a prime location, and their gorgeous women's clothing catches my eye (and pull me into the store more often than not) on a regular basis.They have a top-notch selection of scarves on display, including the popular Pashmina fabric. They also have the more-hippy, flowy scarves in every variety of colors and designs. I also appear to have a weakness for their jewelry. Most (or all?) is hand-crafted, and I feel like every time I buy a scarf, I come out with a pair of earrings to match. I'm super rough on my jewelry, and even though the earrings I've bought are handmade, they have stood the test of time, and the test of me tossing them into suitcases and pockets while traveling.Although I personally seem to stick to the scarf and jewelry wall, they do have a ton of other items too, including summer dresses and soft fuzzy things made of alpaca fur. They do accept credit cards, but I think they prefer cash if you can, especially if you're just getting a small-cost item (and prices are really, REALLY reasonable, often with sales on a purchase of multiple scarves).And now, after writing this, I am totally planning the next time I can get up there and pick out a new scarf. Fall will be here before you know it lol!
4	I finally had the chance to step in here yesterday after months of driving by, seeing it, and wanting to step in - and I loved it! Paititi is a small-ish store a lot like some of the ones you'd find in the Strip District; maybe this is connected to them in some way and I just don't know? Anyway. Small or not, the items in here are adorable. Dresses, skirts, shorts, jewelery, scarves - all with that fantastic handmade feel to them that department store items just don't have. And everything in here is just so fun - there are bright colors, patterns and beads on almost all of the clothes. It's perfect for summer.Well, almost. Personally I found the material a lot of the clothes were made from was a bit too heavy to wear during this time of year, but then, I get very hot very quickly. I also wish there were a few items that men could buy in here, just because if there were this would be a great affordable place to buy unique trinkets for guys as well as girls.As it is, though, it's still a fantastic little shop, and I left yesterday with a new bright multi-colored bead bracelet (handmade in Peru) and a flowered scarf. I'll be back to check out the rings soon, I'm sure!
5	This shop has gorgeous clothes that look great on ANYONE! The fabric and the fit of their dresses, skirts and tops are so flattering together.  The jewelry is very pretty; everything really does look unique and I love the idea of wearing something entirely unique that no one else will have! The shop is tiny but somehow filled with great items.  I tried on four things and bought three (and that was due to budget constraints, not preference)! I usually hate shopping and never find anything that I love the way I just fell in love with this store's merchandise. I have already recommended the place to all of my friends and I just walked out about three hours ago.  If you are in the area (or even if not), GO! You will not regret it =)
