5	Great customer service, will definitely be returning here for all my repair needs. Mike was very friendly and got the job done within a day and for a great price.
4	They repaired a zipper on a piece of my luggage.It was done on time and at a fair price..
5	I came here with a pair of knee high boots, one of which had a broken zipper. I thought the zipper was completely broken, so I even brought another zipper to see if they could just switch it out. Right away, Michael told me he had no use for the extra zipper I brought in because he would be able to fix the one on the boot. He charged me $20, but I was armed with a 50% off coupon, so I just paid $10. He fixed the zipper in 2 days and it was good as new. Since this is the first shoe repair place I've ever been to, I don't know how the prices compare with others, but needless to say, I was highly satisfied with Michael's work.
1	The person working in this shoe repair shop is completely incompetent.  I took a pair of Christian Louboutin's ($1,200) and a pair of Valentino ($900) for a rubber sole to protect the bottom of the shoes.  Not only the work was over priced ($50) but also, they completely ruined my shoes!  They put the rubber sole half way up the back of the shoes when they were supposed to put the rubber sole on the BOTTOM of the shoe only.  I can't no longer wear either pair because they look cheap, fake, and ridiculous with a cut off piece of rubber glued to the back of the shoes.  I wouldn't care if this happened to a pair of inexpensive shoes; but I trusted this store with my designer shoes and they did not care for them.  I confronted the repair man and he stone walled me as if it wasn't his problem or his fault. I feel I just flushed over $2000 that I paid for these two pairs of shoes down the toilet.
2	Unfortunately, when I came by to drop off some shoes to get new heels, the store was empty with a sign that said the space was for lease. Michael's is no more - at least in this location. I had a good experience with them before, it's too bad.
3	This place is close to my house so I thought is give it a try. I needed a pair of knee hight boots takin in in the calf. The price quoted was 3 times cheaper then Shoe Lab. Well when I picked up the boots they had only taken them in around the top, and they are super tight. They were suppose to leave room for pants. Also the bottom now has a weird poofy part. The shoe is not even all the way up the leg. My last pair of exact boots I took to shoe lab were perfect. Now I have to go buy new boots
1	This place is closed. Please remove from the list. I saw the store on yelp and I went in. It switched to a different business.
