5	The people here at this store are soooo helpful.  I needed new windshield wipers (like everyone does here in AZ right after monsoon season starts and you realize the hard bricks of rubber you've had on there since last year are not going to cut it!).  I don't know what was going on with me, but I was confused about what to buy and even how to put them on...the directions on the back were cryptic! The guy came outside to my car, showed me how to put them on and then did it for me. yea!  A few months before this happened, our battery was going dead and they helped me install a new one!!  I love these guys!  Excellent service!!!
5	Yelp, get with it, please....Checker on 7th St is now O'Reilly & that's who I'm trying to write a review for.....thanks! :)In any case, I came in to the 7th St location today as my battery was sputtering & on its last breath and that's where I'd bought it previously. Sue was the employee helping me & was patient enough to look under several different phone numbers to see if my battery was still under warranty. It wasn't (groan in my head, money signs in front of my eyes) but she did me a solid & applied it to my case so that instead of paying $100 for the new battery, I was only out $60. Beyond her willingness to help me, she was friendly & quick. I definitely recommend this location to anyone looking for help who's car savvy and maybe not so car savvy (me).
5	Good price on a new battery with free installation. Jamie provided outstanding customer service.
5	Recently I realized my battery was corroding and possibly leaking. It was late afternoon on a hot day when I pulled into O'Reilly. Already occupying three of the other parking spaces were cars with hoods raised. Two associates leaned over engines in obvious thought. The third gentleman just needed advice. Yet Michael acknowledged us and came to our aid as soon as he was done with another customer. Together we realized my current battery was under warranty and saved me the cost of a new battery. Then, using tools they had on hand he helped me take out the battery, replace the drivers side headlight (which is behind the battery,) and install the new battery. the entire process took a half hour and he was courteous and helpful even standing in the hot sun. I was impressed and will continue to be a regular customer.
5	When you own a beater you have to except to add a quart of oil every so often before that 10,000 mile oil change. My wife's car had only 7 1/2 quarts in it so I had to add a quart. I pulled in while avoiding the dude that was ghetto blasting the music in his car. To my surprise it was a clean and organized store. I found what I was looking for and went on my way. I chose to add the oil when I got back to work because I just wasn't digging that other dude's music.
5	Super quick to get my battery replaced. Installation and best customer service! Took less than 20 minutes!
