2	Dr. Tom is wonderful, at least the couple times I have been able to see her. They have so many patients that you can never get a appointment with your doctor, they are booked at least 3 months out. It's about volume here.
5	I can't speak for the rest of the doctors, but I have been seeing Dr. Tom for 20+ years now.  She takes the time each and every visit to sit down and chat with me, even about personal issues in my life.  I 'm sure she's even run late because I've taken too much of her time, but she's never made me feel that she's "rushed".  She's very professional, personable, and knowledgeable.  I like that she takes time to answer my questions. She is thorough and makes sure I don't have any questions before I leave.  I've never had any problems at DWOG, not with the care, insurance, billing, or general office staff.  ALL gyn offices are busy and I think its standard to have to book out 3-months before your annual pap/pelvic exam.  Knowing that, getting in with your doctor should not be a problem.
5	I was very apprehensive before I came here. My manager recommended that I see her doctor, Dr Oehler. Dr O is the sweetest, kindest and quickest doctor I have ever been to for this kind of procedure. I am no longer upset when I have to go!!!
2	I scheduled a visit in June so that I could get the nexplanon implant. My first visit was good; I liked the nurse practitioner. I scheduled a second appointment about a week later for the implant. The nurse was good; she put me at ease. I was supposed to call for a follow-up and so they could check the implant (make sure it was ok, I guess). I was on hold for 30 minutes. I just hung up and said screw it. Fast forward to Halloween. I want this thing out of my arm! I have gained over 25 lbs. in a matter of months. I called and was prepared to hold for a long time but thankfully got through quickly. I had to wait about a week and a half, ok, can do. I scheduled my appointment today (11/11/14) for the afternoon. I got a reminder call on Sunday and I confirmed my appointment. I got a call about a half hour ago saying they overbooked the nurse and had to reschedule. I called and made my appointment, confirmed the time, and they had a week and a half and call me they DAY OF to say that I can't come in? I'm getting my implant out next week and then I won't be coming back. My time is just as precious as theirs and I don't appreciate last minute cancellations. I had invites for plans that I had to decline because I had to keep my appointment. The fact that it's veterans day just leads me to believe the office wants to skip out early. Thanks so much Desert West.
