5	I was excited to see Dunkin' Donuts when it arrived in Queen Creek. There haven't been many in Arizona, but I have always enjoyed their coffee. Good to see they are expanding as now a second QC location opened last week. I visit New England every fall and Dunkin' Donuts are on nearly every corner there like Waffle Houses in Atlanta. Much like never ordering a waffle at the Waffle House, I rarely order a donut from Dunkin' Donuts. I typically go for the number 6 - coffee and plain bagel with plain cream cheese. How can you write a review on a plain bagel with plain cream cheese? I know, right? My review focuses mainly on the service and drive thru experience.Joel L. once warned I was sailing in dangerous waters when commenting on the apparent level of competence I observed in the Jack in the Box drive thru. The lack of proficiency is not limited to Jack. I dare say that most drive thru windows in the QC suffer from the safe level of service. It is partly the order taker, partly the crappy speaker system and frequently the customer. Just order a number. That's why its there. If you have a complicated order and sheets of multiple orders, park the car and go inside...The combination of the three creates negative experiences in most drive thru dining opportunities. Here is one that breaks the mold. I cannot estimate the number of times I have driven through Dunkin' Donuts on my morning commute and placed an order for the old standby number 6.  Each time the line has been short, the voice on the other end pleasant and understandable. My order is never messed up like many places in town always seem to do. When I reach the window, the attendant is ready, hands me the coffee while I hand her my card. Only a few seconds later, a second person walks to the window, hands the bag with the toasted bagel and the cashier is back with my card. My typical time at the window is 30 seconds or less. They strive to provide timely service - not like Taco Bell who has the 60 second timer and simply ignores it when the allotted time is exceeded (maybe because it is always exceeded?) Dunkin' is a fast, efficient and accurate experience that other establishments should learn from. At $3.79 for a toasted bagel with cream cheese, and extra large cup of some of the best coffee in the business and a fast and efficient drive thru experience, how can you go wrong?
3	I hear that Duncan Donuts uses the very same roaster that Starbuck's used to use when they acutally had great coffee.  I think its true. The coffee is excelent & MUCH better than Starbucks.  Why only three stars? The donuts are only just ok.  Where is Crispy Creme when you need them? No worries, It's nice to have them just around the corner!
5	Daily stop for me. Excellent coffee, unbeatable service, and consistency. Great place to go.
1	i've had 3 bad experiences at this particular location.  1. Cold doughnuts at 7am? This isnt how doughnuts are supposed to be.  i went through the drivethrough and asked for the freshest doughnut.  she said "they're all fresh".  i then asked "give me the one that came out of the oven most recently" to which she replied "they all come out at the same time".  2. i once ordered 2 doughnuts through the drivethrough and as i went to get my first one (2 miles away on my way to work) it looked like it had a bite taken out of it.  do you really think i'm going to turn around and go back on a $1 purchase?  3. i got shortchanged to the tune of $15.  i guess it's my own fault for not counting my change, but when i got to work and realized what had happened, i called and sure enough the manager confirmed that their til was over by $15.
1	My order is wrong 80% of the time. I think I will frequent the other coffee shops instead.
2	I noticed there were 2 Rittenhouse locations. This is the one off Rittenhouse and Ocotillio. The donuts are okay but not great. I love the coffee especially the iced mocha swirl and the iced caramel swirl latte's BUT unfortunately for this locaion some of the employees do not know the difference between iced coffees and iced lattes. I try to be specific when I place my order but sometimes the person taking my order will argue with me that an iced coffee is the same thing as a latte and sure enough when my drink comes out it's an iced coffee, definitely not a latte. This has happened to me more than a few times. I've even spoken with the owner but it's still happening. It's not very fun to dread going to a place because you know you might get the wrong order no matter what you do. And i really hate having to go back thru drive thru or go back in to tell them it's wrong. It's happened to me both thru drive thru and from ordering in the store. Maybe I will try a different location. At least Starbucks get it right 99% of the time and doesn't give you attitude if you have to come back to tell them it was wrong. I think this place get's it right 60% of the time. It used to be 100% but I guess they hired new people or I just started going at different times of the day and way more often. I don't know but it's disappointing...
1	This place gets worse and worse every time I come here- but it's the only drive thru donut shop in Queen Creek. Donuts are always cold. Drive thru service is ridiculously slow- and even the drive through configuration makes no sense. You literally have to do a loop-de-loop to: avoid cars coming out of the drivethrough and then go out the same shopping center driveway to get back on the road.  Are they taking advantage of their monopoly?  Because as soon as someone else shows up with even a little better service, DD will disappear.  To summarize some of my "best" visits: chocolate cake donut with chunk missing, shortchanged me.
1	I dont think this even deserves a star. Its 8am on monday and they dont have hot chocolate... Bad look for a donut shop! Worst part is the rudeness of attendant.
1	This place is so bad they were rude messed up my order didn't give the coffee that goes with the combos I will NEVER go there again. They should put a Starbucks there instead just saying
1	Worst DD ever(and I've been to a lot) donuts are raw. No sugar in coffee and they stuff 4 donuts in a bag just to get all the frosting melted on each other. So frustrating. Service is slow! And the drive thru with parking lot is suicidal! Rittenhouse and power worth the drive!
3	While it is not just this particular store but in general DD needs to do a better job at keeping their shops clean.  All to often I walk in to food and drink smeared tables and debris all over the floor.  When fresh, the donuts are great and I'm in love with the lattes.  Just wish DD would take it up a notch with these in store experience.
1	I have been here a few times..each time worst than the last. Im not going back...ever. Yes they are rude and I paid near Starbucks prices for a latte that was so awful I poured it out. I am a coffee fanatic and will gladly give my business elsewhere.
4	Nice employees. Of course while mixing in my own cream, I spilled my iced coffee all over the place. They let me keep what I had left (which was 3/4 off the drink) and made me A whole new drink. I will definitely be coming back.
1	Horrible. I have gone here time after time thinking to myself "maybe my coffee will be good today" ...never.
