5	I have been driving by this restaurant for weeks wanting to try it and we finally did. Good thing we waited because it just opened this week! Very impressed. The food was delicious and the service was quick and attentive. The hot habanero salsa had a good kick to it and my friend even declared it inedible due to the spiciness so fortunately for me I got it all to myself. She also said the shrimp tacos were the best she's ever had. My boyfriend is a very plain eater and the restaurant was able to accommodate our request for a "plain bean and cheese burrito" with no hesitation. I will probably come back in the afternoon sometime for lunch when it's not so busy.
1	I don't know if the two previous Yelpers went to the same establishment. I was excited a new restaurant was opening in the area because the current options are limited. The food was bland, portions we're light, and their "Complimentary chips" were nonexistent.I mean, isn't that the most basic thing you have at a "Mexican grill"? And to top it off their service is terrible. I left still hungry and agitated. Do yourself a favor and pass this place by, you're not missing anything.
4	So glad we decided to check out this new restaurant! We went for lunch so it didn't end up being super crowded. The service was amazing- our drinks were constantly full.  The guacamole was fantastic and if you order one thing on the menu, seriously, make it the street corn. That stuff is unreal. The tacos we tried, Baja and Pollo en Mole, were good but nothing to write home about. Our only complaint was the music. We didn't think it was too loud like other yelpers suggest, but it they were playing sad, slow country ballads. Not exactly what I would think of for their atmosphere and definitely not my preferred genre.
5	This place is awesome. Came here on it's first day and, although it needs a few minor changes, it is my new favorite Mexican place! We are friends with the owners, and eat at their other restaurant, Stone and Vine, frequently. I recommend getting the pineapple salsa, which was out favorite one. DEFINITELY will return to enjoy the food, service, and atmosphere.
1	Food was mediocre at best. Service was absolutely terrible. It took almost 15 minutes to get a drink. Chips and salsa weren't offered until we were almost through our meal. Cross this one off the list.
5	I've been to this restaurant twice now, and I'll keep coming back. I'm so excited to have this new place to eat and hang out at in my own backyard. They have a great atmosphere and great food. I had the tacos last night, and they were fantastic. Great drinks too.
4	I have taken my family to this new restaurant twice.  Oddly, dining options for Mexican food in this area are rather light.  There is a Chipotle by the hospital (block away) and the more traditional Ajo Al's and Miguels about half a mile away.  Those two restaurants are OK, but serve a traditional 'American' mexican food style dish - which, just seems old and tired. We ate here with two adults and two kids.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and comfortable, if not a little crowded.  There is a very fun looking bar area and patio (but we sat in the dining area).  We saw many people having cocktails and wine at the bar, which is not normally what you would see at a Mexican place, but, it tells you right off the bat that this is not traditional mexican where you either get a margarita or beer.  I am melding my two experiences together to give you a better sense.  We tried:Casarita - their house slushy margarita, which comes from a machine and tastes great. I had a floater of "prickly pear" liquor in it.  I had two, and got my buzz on well.  After I had two the waiter mentioned its a limit of 4 because they have a lot of booze in there.Shop Special - this is a regular margarita on the rocks.  Seemed good, not sour or tart.Watermelon Fresca - they make this with booze, or without (I had the booze one).  Holy cow this is a strong drink.  Its water based, with chunks of watermelon - NOT a sweet candy drink.  more like infused water.  Interesting..... and strong..... and happy hour prices :-).  I have never had a cocktail like this.... it felt... healthy in a way.The food has some goods, and some medicare's.  Chips and salsa is different - they tell you the first salsa is free.  One night we tried the medium pineapple salsa.  The salsa is not like the kind you get from the store.  It looks hand chopped, and is not full of liquid.  My kids loved this, but it seemed as mild as mild could be on the heat index.  The second time we were there, we tried the Tomatillo, which is supposed to be Hot, but to me was medium.  You have had hotter salsa, trust me.  I am not sure if you can tell them to kick it up a bit.  We went through two things of chips, and the one salsa lasted, but it doesn't feel the same without that endless bowl of tomato salsa - I guess I am a purest on that.The menu is arranged almost like a mexican eatery - there are some full meals, but most feels like a la cart that you are building into a meal.  For instance, my wife and I each had two tacos that ranged in price from $4-6 each, and a side of beans $2.50 and a side of cilantro rice $3.  The total price of the meal was about the same as  you would expect if it was all put together for you.  The taco's are quite large and stuffed, and pretty creative.  We had (over two visits):A baja taco (not sure if this is the name) - it has a MASSIVE chunk of beer battered fish in it.  We ordered this twice because it was a huge value for money.An El Pastor taco - ehhhhh, was fatty or something.  I was thinking it was something different (but I ate it).A veggie taco (not sure of the name) - now this was excellent.  Usually the vegetarian dish is half assed in mexican places.  This was portabella mushrooms and stuffed, and seasoned really well.  I would do this again in a heartbeat.A Barbacoa taco - yummy, can't go wrongA Shrimp taco - also very good.My kids ate off the kids menu.  A quesadilla and bean burrito.  The bean burrito was the best ever.  and it was really large for a kid menu.  If you don't know what to order, get this item (its on adult menu), you will thank me.  Its not like any bean burrito you have ever had.  My wife took the second half to lunch the next day.  The kids were dismayed by "yucca" fries on the kid menu, which I thought was a kind of potato or something, but they were sweet potato fries (which the kids hate) so there ya go!The sides we tried a bunch because they seemed cheap:Cilantro rice.  Really yummy - its bright green, and very well done.  Could eat this by itself.Two kinds of beans - don't remember the names.  Both very good - well seasoned.  I am not a bean person, but these I could eat over and over (they are not refried).corn (which comes out as corn on the cob), on a skewer already buttered.Apparently we were there on the first week, because there were some hiccups in the wait staff.  Our child's food apparently had not been ordered, and we are the type of family that doesn't eat until its all on the table.  The owner apologized profusely and brought out a free desert - it was a churro, but wasn't perfect or straight like the Disneyland kind.  Everyone said they didn't want it, until we tried it.  A fresh made churro is mind boggling good.  I have never seen a desert like that on any menu, and it was so flipping yummy.  It came with this lemon creme dipping sauce.  I can't explain how interesting this was.Its different, but not crazy different.  We will be back.
1	Food and drink mediocre at best.   Tacos were served with raw tortillas.   Drink order was wrong twice.   Great atmosphere came on the first week of opening.  Need to improve basic execution of food.
2	Went in to check out Happy Hour as well as the new digs.  Small bar and restaurant.  Give it 2 because a happy hour margarita was $5.50.. I would think a batch margarita out of a coke keg would be less.  The margarita itself was terrible.  Tasted like the bottom of a sour mix, not refreshing at all. Bartender salted the rim like a Chicago driveway in a deep freeze, yuck.  The beer price for happy hour was $4 which is a much better option than the margarita.  Still for happy hour the prices were high.  Location is also a tough spot. The bartender was nice and social, doubt I'd give this place another shot.
4	Went for lunch three weeks after the restaurant opened. Was very impressed with the service. Very attentive staff, food came out quickly, everything was good. For drinks had the skinny b (cucumber and basil something or other) and the house margarita. Both were good, but the margarita was better. I could see the bar has a good selection of tequila. They should add a tequila flight tasting to the menu to showcase them. Had the pineapple salsa and the habanero salsa with my complimentary chips and salsa. LOVED the habanero. Great flavor and heat. Liked the pineapple, but not as much as the habanero. Also had the mole and ahi tacos. Really enjoyed the mole tacos. The ahi ones came in a lettuce wrap but I wish I had gotten a tortilla instead. The lettuce had a hard time holding all of the wonderful filling which was a shame because the ahi was perfect and the toppings were really well conceived.  I'd compare it most closely to z tejas, but with the added bonus of being local. Also, more uniqueness and variety. I'll definitely go back.
5	Have visited a couple of times and the food has really improved.  On our latest visit we had the Pollo en Mole taco and it was simply amazing, the Barbacoa taco was fantastic.  My husband had the Asada taco and said it would be one he would order again.  We had the habanero salsa, it was very good had lots of kick just the way we like it.  Salt and Lime will be a definite repeat.
4	First visit. Went with a girlfriend. Everything looked great on the menu. Nothing looked boring and "plain old mexican" at all.Their house salsa is SUPER yummo. Definitely homemade. Lots of fresh ingredients.Serving sizes were too big, especially for lunch. It looks like they have the same menu for lunch and dinner (although I didn't ask). 3 enchiladas are too many at lunch time, because those chips are filling! So we split an order of the green chili enchiladas and (she had 2) I got a carne asada taco.It was all delicious. Everything was fresh and yummy.  The food split was perfect, although I still ate too many chips. But that salsa was verry good! Great attentive staff. Good food. We will be back!
2	This is the third time I've visited this restaurant for lunch and this is the first time I've been disappointed. Your new menu is fine, but now you have to pay extra to experience the chips and salsa. The waitress will bring you a flavorless version salsa that resembles ketchup with spices, but it doesn't compare to the pineapple salsa, or verde salsa you now have to pay for. This is not good customer service. Having to pay extra for your good salsa seems cheap. Just take it off the menu if you're not going to allow people to try it. As for the food: Burritos are tasty, Relleno is okay, the beef, shrimp and pork tacos are yummy. I tried the Baja taco today ... Icky! It resembled battered frozen fish from  a grocery store. It's far from Baja! The service has been good and the beer is cold, chips are crunchy and hot, but again, don't get your hopes up on the salsa. If you want good, free salsa, go to Blue Adobe Grill on Frank Lloyd Wright. It's delicious and complimentary.
1	Went after it been open a couple weeks. They made a big deal about complimentary chips and salsa. Really? At a Mexican restaurant? The house salsa was bland and tasteless.  We ordered the verde salsa that we had to pay for. Also bland. Next the tacos. We both had the Carne Asada. The meat was so tough you could hardly chew it. And the tortillas were gross. Not just soft but you could wring the oil out of them. As another reviewer said they tasted raw. YUCK! I'll go next door to Chipoltle next time.
3	This is a nice new watering hole for the area, which serves some Mexican inspired pub grub. We came for Happy Hour around 5 on a Saturday afternoon. Granted, it was probably unfair of us to come here after last week's foodie extravagance at Gallo Bianco in Phoenix.  But we found the food good and the drinks cold, always a plus. The atmosphere is a cross between a sports bar and a Mexican beach cantina. They have a large bar area which extends out onto the sidewalk. You can sit on bar stools outside, on a ceramic window area and still see the game on their two HDTVs inside. Salt and Lime is a bar where Dos Equis Lager, Corona Light or Modelo Dark are on tap for $4.00 and come in a pint glass, while their small wine list was $7 a glass. Salt & Lime doesn't carry or serve Sangria. They also had several margaritas on the menu starting at $6 and going up from there. The food was good and what you would expect. We started with Guacamole for $5.50 (photo) and shared an order of Nachos ($8.50).  The guacamole had some mango through it, which made it interesting; while the nachos were drizzled with several different types of cheeses. Not bad for bar food. Since these appetizers were filling, we ordered some Empanadas ($5.25) and a couple of Tacos for $3.25 each. The empanadas came with shredded chicken(photo) but were overly doughy and had a flour after-taste. The Carne Asada tacos were good, but admittedly we were spoiled from last week's adventure at Gallo. The bill came to $42.75 plus taxes and gratuities, so expect to pay $27 each unless you're very thirsty. LOL. We found Salt & Lime Three Stars, A-Okay
4	We liked our happy hour experience. I agree $5.50 for a happy hour margarita is high but I don't think it is extreme. The nachos at $8.25 seemed high, the tacos at $4.25 and $3.50 seemed fair. We liked it. Waitress was attentive. We will be back
4	Why is it only cows get two stomachs...what was god thinking?I could have used another one last night after taking down those first two chicken tacos, but being the conservative diner I am, I stopped at five so my fellow diners wouldn't think I'm a hog. I'm glad I did too.A fine selection of Mexican beer and a pretty waitress managed to do their handiwork after the dozen or so pints just sort of snuck-up on me. That's when I started ordering tacos like judgment day was near.It was about this time I started thinking how handy it'd be to have two stomachs; the first to process the beer and the other for tacos n' shit. Jesus, I would have cleaned 'm out of tacos last night.The chicken is charred black and tastier than all hell. The corn tortillas were above average with a slight sweetness. The salsa was weird, but fuck it, the tacos were tasty enough on their own.Anyhow, fuel eating doesn't play here. It's either sport or feelings, pick one.I did both but I'm paying for it today, farting all nine musical scales.If my sphincter was a bit tighter, I could probably hit high C.
5	Great find...we decided to try this fairly new arrival to the Mexican food market, and, glad we did. The restaurant decor is very nice, including a large bar. They also have a nice patio for outside dining. We were greeted at the door promptly and decided on outside dining with the evening being nice. Our waitress was prompt in taking our drink order and returned with chips and a great roasted salsa. We choose the Green Chili ENCHILADAS, which were excellent. Creamy and spicy with moist chicken. Our other selection was the gourmet tacos. Choosing the Baja fish taco, filled with a nicely battered white fish fillet, fresh cabbage, and wonderful sauce. The other was the carne asada taco. The meat was tender and moist, and very flavorful. They are served on either corn or flour tortilla, or, as a lettuce wrap. At $4.50 this was priced right. We ordered a side of Charro Beans, which could use some spice/heat. The prices were very good. The chips and salsa, first rate. The service was very good, too. We would definitely return to try more items on the menu...
1	We LOVE Stone and Vine and frequent it almost every week, which is why when the owners opened this restaurant , we were excited to give it a try.   We have tried it three times.  All three times the service was subpar.   It was a like committing a crime to get chips and salsa.  When we got them, we were pleased but only to find out tue extra salsa cost extra.   We are ok with that but it is courteous to let the table know    We stopped ordering Margaritas the first night we stopped in.  Just could not get them right. After the third try with no improvement on overall service and difficulty in getting chips and salsa, we have given up.  We will stick with Stone and Vine.
5	I am giving this place 5 stars. The margaritas with a pomegranate floater was so delicious that I had to have another. I had the Mole tacos that are one of the best things I have ever tasted. The waitress was super helpful and friendly. I will be back for more. This place is tasty with a sexy ambiance.  Love it!
5	The food was really good, especially there habanero salsa! The service was more than great! Everyone was friendly, smiling, and very attentive. The drinks were good, a little over priced but the atmosphere, the service, and flavorful Mexican food made it worth it. Definitely going back!
4	For only being open a short time, this place is surprisingly well run. Awesome food, amazing service.. You guys just raised the bar for Scottsdale.Special thanks to Mixologist Michael and Danielle (aka Detroit Danielle)!
5	Yummy!  Highly recommend this place for authentic Mexican tacos, great salsa and shrimp burrito!  Will be back!!!
3	Went here for lunch with a client.Nice atmosphere inside, dark woods, dim lighting and open.Food- The carnitas tacos were actually excellent. I also had the beer battered fish taco, average. Was small piece of fish and overly battered.Chips and salsa were free and the chips were good but the standard salsa fell short.Margaritas- I would avoid them. I noticed they use pre-made mixes like you would get in a store. For example the mango mix came straight out of a plastic bottle. If you are going to charge a decent price for a drink, it better be fresh ingredients. Unfortunately, the bartenders do not take pride (or ownership doesn't offer them to use fresh) ingredients. So, stick with beer or your basic gin/tonic type drink. Overall, it was a good experience and will be back.
3	I am giving Salt & Lime 3 stars because of the service.  It was great.  Our server was incredibly attentive and offered some great suggestions for our meals.That being said, the remainder of our dining experience was significantly less impressive.  We received no free chips and salsa - not a huge deal but I thought it worth mentioning.  The food both looks and sounds impressive but it was incredibly bland.  I got the tamales and honestly, I have purchased more flavorful tamales from a gentleman selling them in the parking lot at Fry's.  Salt & Lime's tamales were also not very filling - I was hungry about an hour later.  My boyfriend got the crispy pork which was not crispy or seasoned in any way prior to cooking.  The street corn, however, was excellent and by far the best side dish that they had.All in all, at $15-$17 a plate, it was not worth it if you are looking for flavorful Mexican food.  We more than likely will not be back, particularly with so many other, better options in the area.
5	For a small taco joint, it doesn't get much better than Salt and Lime. Started off with some amazing, spicy chips/salsa, moved onto some guacamole, then ordered El Pastor, Carne Asada and Fish tacos...  Everything was amazing and the service was great.A must!
5	My husband and I took our friends to Salt and Lime for a casual dinner and it was a night to remember. Great food (I had chicken mole tacos and cilantro rice), attentive service and a comfortable patio -- even on a warm summer night.) It's nice to know there's an alternative to the chain Mexican restaurants and a place that makes its guests feel like they're right at home.
1	Where to start.. Decided to check this place out during happy hour with 4 people. Food and service was great and loved the atmosphere. HOWEVER.. We decided to take our family of 10 there for a birthday dinner last night and it was the.worse.service.everrrrr!!!!!! Don't get me wrong the food was still very good but our waitress was rude,ignored us, was lazy and had a bad attitude. Never did she tell us that only the FIRST round of chips and salsa was free and they charge every time after, then she wouldn't even bother to come back to refill our chips, salsa or water. The bus man was the one taking care of us most the night. One of our guests came late and she was aware of that and left him hanging for 10 min without coming back to get his order. And lastly, she refused to split our checks. We all were in couples and wanted it to be split per couple. She just threw down our 1 check and said "we'll get this figured out" and again left our table! We asked for an order of churros for dessert but wanted prices on them first, she said she didn't know off the top of her head but "they aren't that expensive" turns out it was near $11 for one order!!! Never bothered to tell us that and we ended up ordering 3 of them.. We tried to talk to the "manager" about how poorly our service was and he failed to even comp the churros or my brothers birthday beer that was spilled since the tables were ALLL UNEVEN! Needless to say the food was good, but paying almost $70 for fajitas, 2 tacos and churros is just ridiculous to me! There's no excuse of why she couldn't split our checks and even comped at least 1 order of churros. So disappointed!
3	Tried this place shortly after it opened. It's in a fun location and atmosphere. We had a great server and the food really was quite good. Serving tacos on the little holders is a great idea, keeps the mess down.Nothing exactly bad to say, just a bit steep on the pricing for what you get. It's a good place to check out, but nothing really 'popped' for me--the "modern Mexican cantina' theme is nice, but not fresh.
5	Great place! The deco was comfortable and fitting. I started with the homemade tortilla chips and the salsa sampler. All were very good and high quality. I had an el pastor taco, pork belly taco, and carnitas taco. They came out on a taco rack type of plate which was unique. I thought all three were great but the pork belly taco was awesome.  Our server Jade was very good and had nice suggestions since it was our first visit. Definitely a "go to" taco joint!!
2	Why so stingy with the chips and salsa?  If you don't ask for chips and salsa, they don't offer them  Weird.  Also, to the waitress who picked up my wine glass before I finished my wine...your tip was reduced.  A good server will know not to do that.  Also, the music is way too loud for a small restaurant.
5	Salt & Lime makes me happy for so many reasons....Guacamole - delicious, fresh, big portion, about half the price of guac elsewhere.Queso - we had the chorizo version once and it was very good but we have had the plain cheese the last three times and it is really delicious.Quesadilla - tried it without the chicken, portion is huge and stuffed with cheese, not too greasy...just enough to make it indulgent.Nachos - we have had them a few times (minus chicken) and they really do a nice job here.  The chips are freshly made and they load them up with cheese, pico, sour cream, black beans, corn, and an avocado cream topping.  I feel like driving back for more nachos after typing this they're so good.Salsa - if you like salsa, do yourself a favor and get the 3 for $5.  Tomatillo salsa is better than you think it's going to be, it's thick and rich and tangy...not the pale green watery stuff you get at other places.  Pineapple - get it.  Habanero - to get such a great smoky flavor with that amount of heat is not easy, this place gets it right.  Chili de Arbol - I was bold on our first trip and said "no place really serves very hot salsa" (as it is listed on their menu), I was wrong.Tacos - Beef Barbacoa taco is the best of the bunch as far as I'm concerned. Carne Asada was good.  Pollo Mole - my husband still talks about this one, he loved it.Short Rib Barbacoa - we got this for the first time a few nights ago as take out...when I opened the container it was like some wonderful grandma was in the kitchen all day making a delicious Sunday dinner for us to enjoy.  It was a gigantic serving, fork tender, seasoned beautifully with potato and carrot in a brothy gravy.  All this and the prices are outstanding.  Parking can be tough in this busy mall but there is parking in the back.
2	This place started out gang-busters, but since opening the quality of the food has gone downhill and the drinks are weak enough to serve to a newborn. They have also started nickel and diming with a charge now for refills on chips and salsa. Too bad, we were going there on a weekly basis and now we will probably skip it.
2	The barbacoamobile basically has 2 gears - OK, and OMFG. The barbacoa here falls into the former category. Decent, but nothing in particular to set it apart. The pork belly taco was similarly flat, although the ingredients were clearly fresh. Nothing in terms of quantity or quality to justify the $5 per taco. I've had way better tacos for half the price, way better burritos for a dollar more.Salsas get higher marks, if somewhat hit or miss. Tomatillo is a personal favorite of mine, and this place nails it. Perfect consistency, only slightly sweet. Salsa fresca is great as well. Big miss on the chile de arbol, their hottest. Decently hot, not particularly flavorful, the consistency of steak sauce. Friendly service at the bar.
4	If you're hankering for dessert... Don't pass up the churros. Super fresh. Delicious!
2	I would have given this place 3 stars but they don't advertise on their website or menu that you only get one complimentary basket of chips and one small dish of salsa. If you want more that'll be $2.00 each time they bring you more. This was pretty much the theme of the night. I ordered the fajitas which didn't come with any cheese or lettuce, so I ordered some on the side at a cost of $1.00 each for these little cups of it. The fajita entree was $15.00 to begin with so I seriously think they could give you some cheese and lettuce to put on your tortilla. They brought me 4 tortillas with the entree and when I asked for more our waitress brought 2 for another $1.00. It might just be me but $1.00 for two corn tortillas is a bit steep. Besides for the prices this place was pretty good. It was a bit noisy but clean and the food was good just not for the price. For 3 people the bill ended up being $65.00 with one appetizer, three entrees and no drinks since we all drank water.
5	We visited Salt & Lime on a Sunday afternoon. Service was fast and efficient.  We loved the quinoa and shrimp taco and green chili chicken enchiladas. The pineapple salsa was fabulous, as was the tres leches. Price was reasonable and overall the food was very fresh and delicious. We will definitely come back soon!
4	Nice secluded place servers are really friendly. Food is pretty good too. Stop by if you gat a chance. Ask for Gigi she is great.
4	Excellent food and good service.  I've tried almost half the menu now and have not been disappointed yet.
3	So excited to try this Mexican Grill.  Has a very inviting exterior and the patio is comfortable and relaxed.  The service was excellent.  Our waiter was very friendly and helpful with selections.  I wish I could rate it higher, however the food was just ok.  We ordered the nachos and probably would not try these again.   They were covered with a queso cheese dip  and not much else.  We would go back, but next time we will try something else and maybe I can rate it higher.
5	Love this place.  Great tacos, free chips and salsa, margaritas on tap.  The staff is always friendly.  Good tequila selection.  Perfect place too catch a game with a little bit of an island feel in the desert.
1	try to call them.. I dare you
5	What a great fresh mex restaurant. This weekend they are having happy hour drinks and food all weekend long. I can't complain, food is not bland and not to spicy but just right, actually awesome and  the service was outstanding. Our server Kristy, was prompt. I never had to think twice about when my next cocktail was arriving. She was courteous and kind, as well as asking me what i needed before I could tell her. The entire staff, from hostess at the front door to the bussers were awesome as well as the service and attention we had from the owner. The ambience is an upscale casual vibe with 5 flat screen Tv's showing any sport of your choice. They have a variety of drinks to choose from, including margaritta drinks from frozen to iced. Great family place, date nite, to social gatherings. I can't wait to go back. Price is very fair and well worth it. Davena
3	Nice atmosphere and patio.  Good service. The food was just ok. We had the house salsa, pineapple salsa and the guacamole.  They were ok, but had too much lime and I love lime.  The appetizer chicken chimichanga was ok. The chicken mole taco tasted like chicken thighs, which I am not a fan of.  I was told it was chicken breast. My husband had the green chili chicken enchilada and it was good.  We were excited to try a New Mexican restaurant and were disappointed.
5	I went with three friends and we were all very pleased with our food. Excellent chips, the chicken fajitas were outstanding, chicken enchiladas were very good. All of us would come again!Service was great!
1	Horrible. I was here with my kids a month and a half ago. Had extra baskets of chips, no charge. Meat was cooked to perfection when I ordered und fajitas. Kid's good was good. Tonight, not so much. Charged for everything extra without warning. Cheese, chips, salsa. Meat very over cooked. Hardly any meat whatsoever. So, meat should not be crunchy. Staff should've explained that they charge for everything. I tried calling them for over an hour to get hours and it was a constant busy signal. I mentioned it to them and they acted like it was no big deal. My wife wants to try it and I am going to tell her never again. She would not be impressed at all. My recommendation is to go to another Mexican restaurant that has much better food. Taco Bell for instance. Jalapeno Inferno would be ten times better. Maybe even Blanco. If you want to try this place, wait till they close and something else opens in its place.
4	Excellent habanero salsa.  I've only experienced S&L for bar food and drinks.  Service was very polite.  Nice clean place.
4	Nice atmosphere.  We had a party of 8 with two small kids, and though the place is small, there was enough noise so that the kids were not a distraction to the other patrons (not noisy in a bad way - just lots of conversation and normal bustle).  Casual place, friendly waitstaff.  The food was good, very fresh, not too heavy.  I don't like extremely spicy food and this was the right combination of flavor and spice for me.
5	1st time here and came for lunch! Great looking decor, very comfortable. Terrific and attentive staff that really knows what their food tastes like so that they can answer questions. The chips were not greasy and salsa amazing (on the sweeter side which I like). I had the Chili Relleno filled with carnitas. The meat was spectacular as was the rest of it. Came with red and green sauce. Beautiful presentation. Can't wait to come back and have Carnitas for dinner. Also had the Chicken Tanga taco. The meat was tender and flavorful. Only had one and did not need more for a lunch (taco was totally filled)!We will definately be back! If we didn't have dinner plans, we would be here tonight!!GREAT to finally have wonderful Mexican fare in the area!
3	Disappointing. I wonder If the owners are counting on the success they've had with Stone and Vine to carry them thy these other ventures.  First, this place is much more crowded and doesn't offer a huge selection.  I asked for assistance in deciding on an appetizer so the young girl waiting on us told me her favorite which was the Queso so I ordered it, then had the quesadilla for the main course. I felt like I'd overdosed on chips and cheese - really wish the waitress had steered me in another direction for the appetizer or at least given me a better idea of what it was as it was so similar to my main course. Both were average at best.  My friend and I were talking as we continued to sip our beers but we were pretty much asked to leave to free up the table.  Wouldn't have been so bad if we had been able to continue on to our planned next destination of the yogurt pace next door but we were further disappointed to find it's not there anymore.  Apparently for some as of yet unknown reason they had to suddenly vacate and move elsewhere.  I would not be surprised if another mediocre restaurant pops up in its place.  This may be a case of too much too soon-itis.
1	This place used to be so good. They discontinued their hot salsa. They discontinued their great recipes. The waitress told us that it is because they are trying to accommodate all allergies and all sensitivities of people. Give me a break, you go out to eat to eat good food. My son has every allergy known to man and we figure out things that work on menus. We do not expect menus to accommodate everyone. It should be about good food and then everyone will come.
2	Good ambiance , food is very trendy and not traditional mex by any stretch .  Service was good and friendly but after eating here twice I would rate the foods 1 service and friendliness a solid 4.  The reason I rate this a two is based only off good, not service
5	$7 chicken bowl, gauc with black beans. Chipotle is good and convenient, but this bowl was much tastier, and actually cheaper.
4	This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant. My husband and I have been here several times for happy hour and even brought family a few times to share the experience. The first time we went for happy hour, our waitress was extremely happy and helpful. When we asked about the drinks, she offered her favorites and discussed the different liquor "floats" we could add. I opted for the shop special which is the house margarita on the rocks. My husband went with the casarita which is the house margarita but frozen. We both tried blackberry as a float but my favorite is the prickly pear. Since then, these have pretty much our go to drinks. As for appetizers, we have tried the guacamole, the chili relleno with shrimp, the nachos, and the quesadilla. The chili relleno is definitely our favorite as we've ordered it several times.  For entrees, I love the tacos. They have a wide variety and two are plenty (especially after some appetizers). My favorite tacos are the pork belly and the barbacoa. My husband has tried their green chili chicken enchiladas and their carne asada burrito. The burrito was delicious and he's ordered it a few times. But really, the tacos are the main attraction for us. For dessert, we've tried their churros once and my husband liked them, but I wasn't that keen on them. Every time we've been the service has been quick and friendly. This is our go-to Mexican restaurant and I'd highly recommend stopping by and checking them out!
5	After 9 years at another, this is now our new favorite Mexican place!   We've went twice in two days and both times it was exceptionally good--with excellent service.  This wonderful restaurant specializes in modern Mexican food.  Don't expect the re-fried-beans-and-greasy-melted-cheddar type Mexican food of traditional Mexican restaurants.  If you are craving something freshly made, with quality ingredients, prepared in an elevated way---go here.  You won't regret it!  The fajitas are fabulous---richly caramelized onions and finely julienned vegetables sizzled to that perfect, deeply tasteful point--done better than anywhere I've ever had before.  They have a ton of flavor!  Well-portioned, too.  I loved every bite, but took half home (we also had chips and guac as an appetizer).I also tried the Kale Salad.  It was so delicious!!!  It was refreshing to get a good, clean tasting salad with fresh ingredients and nice textures at a Mexican restaurant, where salads are notoriously boring, use head lettuce, pink tomatoes and are loaded with gooey everything.  This salad was a wonderful change-- fresh, light, flavorful and satisfying---truly yummy.  The guacamole is outstanding. So fresh---so delicious!  The salsas are also very good.  The Chili Arbol was our favorite---but the traditional salsa is also good.One last thing that really sung was the Street Corn.  Ohhhh.... soooo delicious!  You just gotta try it.  Fabulously indulgent.The manager, Daniel, came by to check in on us and the wait staff were excellent during both visits.  (Gigi and Molly)  The right amount of friendly and attentive.  I could tell that everyone there was proud of where they worked and genuinely cared that we had a great experience.  At first, we hesitated coming as the reviews we read after it first opened were mixed.  At one point (my fault), I thought this was going to be like the "Modern Margarita," (another restaurant in the area that is essentially a night-club-posing-as-a-restaurant).  I was totally wrong.  Wish I hadn't waited so long to give it a try!The atmosphere was  just right for us.  We are a couple in our early 40s-- we love high quality food and service, but we don't like stuffy, pretentious restaurants.  The area was previously loaded with the former.  Thank goodness places like Salt & Lime are starting to come to this area---realizing that you can have a beautiful restaurant that can pull off a modern rustic feel and make you feel comfortable and happy while having a great meal!  I love a place where you can wear jeans, but get top notch service and dining.For a ton of reasons, we'll be back many times.  I'm already craving the guac, fajitas, and that kale salad again....  decisions....
