5	I also really enjoyed my experience here.  It was super nice and loungy - we had a late dinner - 9pm-ish.  A great place to start before a night on the town.  They had a fab outdoor patio, which I'm sure must be a fantastic place to be in the summer!  We had the sushi which was delish.  Their other entrees were also great - my friend had the duck, which was great, i ordered gnocchi (b/c I love gnocchi), and I think rabbit and sea bass was ordered.  The best value was probably the steak - the plate was full (and I mean full) - a large portion size for this type of restaurant.  Be sure to check it out!
2	Montreal might be charming but it can reveal rare low-taste, cheesy and superficial spots. Places like KoKo epitomize bold restoration concepts emphasizing pseudo-modern design and cooking and ultimately aiming to create a wannabe upscale environment. Picture flashy white aesthetics and a DJ booth in the middle of the room ("Oh woah this place can turn into a club. OMG actually."). And of course, gentlemen will surely notice the emphasis on the sizable breast sizes of the waitresses. Keep that in mind to understand the pricing of this place. Worse, you will find a crowd in line with the local spirit.Surely quality food and drinks is not what you will pay for. The presentation does look descent but dishes tasted ordinary. And the fancy-named cocktails do no match their description at all. Waitresses will not miss an opportunity to smile at you for additional tip. Go to Old Montreal instead or try to be invited for a unique bad taste experience Made in Montreal.
1	This place is a complete disaster. We stood in various lines for an hour in the cold (32F/ 0C) at 11p through midnight  because they couldn't properly communicate with their patrons on which line was which. This happened to a few groups of people, not just us. Then the bouncer, who really seemed like he wanted to show off his 'power' (the only place he has power?) started screaming at people to pay attention when he talked (that was the 1st time we heard him communicating with anyone)- irony: he didn't really say anything except to tell people to pay attention when he barked out orders. What a DB.Then, they proceeded to let in a bunch of sleazy, gross, DB looking patrons which was pretty much the last straw for us and the group in front of us AND the group behind us. They pretty much lost about 20 people in the span of :30 when we left and went to Wood, Globe and Crescent street (Newtown).The line we were standing in barely moved- and it was 11p.What idiot club makes ppl stand in line when they first open?People who had been in the club came out to let us know it was pretty much empty in there except for ppl who were there for dinner and were rolling out. Which is really stupid and ridiculous to make ppl stand in line in freezing temp when we could have been inside spending money on tons of alcohol. Typical stupid, disorganized, wannabe club. If it wasn't for my friends who were visiting from SF, i'd not have waited at all. Waiting in line for an hour at a club...is completely passe and 1999-ish, no?Like i said...complete disaster. Don't bother. there're Plenty of other places to check out
2	I've been meaning to write a review on this place forever. Pardon my tardiness, Yelpers. I went to KoKo not long after it opened while on vacation in Montreal. There was no line, no problem getting in or being seated. In all fairness it was earlier in the evening though. My friend and I had already eaten and wanted a nice place to have drinks for the evening. When we asked to sit at a couch the hostess happily obliged. Our waiter was both adorable and friendly. I mentioned that I wanted to try a liquor that was specific to the region and he made a few recommendations and brought over various glasses for me to try. The cocktails we eventually settled on were tasty and brought in a prompt manner. Latter in the evening though our waiter told us that the couches were reserved for bottle service and that we'd have to stand at the bar. This didn't sit well with me. It's just plain rude, and bad business, to seat customers somewhere that you're going to kick them out of. It's not as if we weren't buying several rounds either. I explained to the waiter that I have some health issues and that standing for the night was night an option. He set up a small table and chairs for us which remedied the problem and made me very happy. He also said that he'd continue to wait on us. This is where the real issue began. After waiting for about 15 minutes with empty glasses in front of us I went to the bar and asked the bartender to make us a drink and that we had a tab with the waiter. She refused to make the drinks and said she'd send him over. I was pretty annoyed and decided it was time to get the check and go elsewhere. We waited for about 10 more minutes and the waiter never came over. I asked a busboy to send the waiter over with the check because we wanted to leave. I would have told this to the waiter, but this bar is enormous and was now packed. I'd catch glimpses of him, but never for long enough to get to him. Thirty minutes now of waiting for a check, sans drinks, and I'm now pretty pissed. I go back up to the bar and now tell both bartenders that I want my check so I can pay and get the hell out. My friend and I waited thirty more minutes. One hour of waiting and asking four different people to bring a check is beyond excessive. We decided it was time to say "fuck it" and leave. I thought surely someone will try to stop us as we're walking out. No one even seemed to notice us leave. I'm only giving this place 2 stars because the beginning portion of the night was so great.
3	Ok you don't come to KoKo for the food. It is average at best and overpriced. The risotto isn't very good, so don't order it...you only get one lame shrimp with it. The outdoor terrace is awesome though. On a perfect weather night it really does elevate the place.Now I have had some good and bad experiences partying here. Sometimes I had to wait in line forever till one of my friends from inside talks with the bouncer to let me in. Another time we just walked right in. The queue outside is always ridiculously long. The most popular nights to go to KoKo are Friday nights. It will be almost impossible to get in without a table reservation.I have bought bottles at KoKo before and they are about on par with the other clubs in Montreal with their prices, but the tables they put you at can't be called tables. They are more like appetizer sized table with just enough space to out a bottle, glasses, and mixers. They pack many people in the club too so it's almost hard to move around.I do like the bathroom system though, definitely a plus over other clubs.All in all, it's hit or miss and the crowd can be pretentious, but if you go in with an open mind, the music is good.
3	Don't come here for the food, but they do have a good looking crowd with a lot of women vs the sausage fests we saw elsewhere in Montreal. That said most everyone enjoyed their meals, I'm just kinda picky. And critical. With dinner we were able to stick around and not pay cover if there was one or wait around. Frankly I don't think u have to wait if u go thru the hotel portion of the venue as they'll assume ur a guest. The food: I'm not sure what a supper club is, maybe it means u have few menu options? Only 3 apps, 3 mains, and 2 desserts to choose from. It looked like a wedding menu. Servers r extremely nice. But not that on point since they'd forget little things like utensils for dessert etc. Also couple of the servers were kind of stinky.  Please shower. Food was not bad. Ordered the beef tenderloin rare and it came out perfectly medium rare.  I'm a genius. It was very good. The rabbit billet app was described by the waiter as a pate and supposedly amazing. It kinda sucked. Well it tasted exactly like cooked tuna fish from those cans (chicken of the sea), so if u like well cooked chopped up tunafish u ll prolly like it. Not my thing - that said I finished the whole thing as I was hungry. The carrot soup others had was not bad.  Dessert was pretty good. Drinks have strange variable pricing - Crown Royale is $7, Chivas is $11, so drinks can be cheaper if u know what to order. Lot of bachelor parties here. Weather sucked so the patio was closed unfortunately.
2	Atmosphere: very upscale, clubby, boutiquey similar to W Hotels.Service: Accommodating and professionalFood: GROSS! Shirmp tempura might as well have been a corn dog. Lobster tail  was disgusting. It wasn't lobster - it was lobster flavored fish. It is insulting the iintelligence of the guests to serve this as lobster. Scene: After dinner, all the tables become bottle service tables without seating. Pretty people dancing around their tables and girls running around and flirting to get free drinks. It was funny and a little pathetic but I was with married friends so they welcomed the attention.
1	Went for a friend's birthday. Bought a bottle, to stand in the middle of a crowded room. Ended with a bill that was way too expensive compare to what we took (already expensive)! Really rude doormen. A group of 6 that will a)never come back b) that will not provide any positive feedback to any of our friends.
