3	I was pleased with the service provided by Jennifer.  She was ver accommodating and provided great customer service with a smile.  We were surprised to find an intermediary car was a dodge dart.  We were not impressed with the cars interior condition.  The front seats were filthy, we had to put towels down just to feel clean before sitting.  Car selection was limited and we didn't want to pay more for an upgrade so we made due.  Jennifer did her best with what she had to work with.  She was checking in customers, checking out customers, answering the phone and yes she had to clean the car herself before we could take it.  Come on Enterprise, you can treat your employees better than that.  We will look for another car rental company that has better serviced cars next time.  Four stars for customer service, one star for equipment.
4	I had to get a rental car while my car was in the shop from a car accident I was in. Enterprise did a fantastic job getting me all taken care of through my insurance company. After I dropped my car off at the shop, Enterprise came and picked me up and drove me to their location. At this time I filled out all the paper work and got to pick out my rental car. Everything was nice and easy and no hassle at all. I signed the paperwork, checked out the car and was on my way! The car was nice and clean, ran great and I had no problems with it at all.A week later, I returned the car as easily as I rented it. Every employee was very nice and helpful! It was nice to have one thing go so smoothly, while my car was being worked on and having all kinds of problems with the shop it was at and my insurance company.If I need to rent a car again, I will definitely keep this location in mind!
1	Very disappointed with Enterprise in Gilbert AZ. (Motorplex)Advertised special is $9.99 per day for a weekend rental. I booked it online and received my confirmation number and amount due of $36 thru Monday. An hour later, I receive a call from "Jennifer" (I think that's what her name was) saying that she can't give me that rate because she only has a limited number of cars left and needs to rent them for a higher amount...it would cost me $70 a day instead!!! Seriously?! Isn't that called bait and switch? My company uses Enterprise in California all of the time and the San Diego Airport location gives us great service, I will be sure to tell everyone I know about this! Enterprise- this is unacceptable!!!! One star because I don't want anyone to think it was accidentally not marked.
1	Do yourself a favor and drive to Superstition Springs to rent a car. Even if I lived next door to this place, you couldn't pay me to take one of their cars.After waiting in line for about 30 minutes, and having to stand outside most of the time because there's NO room in the waiting area, we were told we couldn't rent a car because we didn't have paycheck stubs and utility bills.Long story short, it was their mistake (not ours), so we got to rent a car anyway but ended up doing so at Superstition Springs instead. The customer service at the Queen Creek location is AWFUL. Superstition Springs is a completely different story - they definitely made everything right!
1	No, no, no, this place almost ruined our very first vacation EVER. We reserved a van in April...APRIL!!!! The day before out trip we went to pick up our van, when we were finally called up to the counter after about 30 minutes, I gave them EXACTLY what I was told I needed to bring...my ID and my debit card.  I put my cards up on the counter and the guy looked at my like an absolute idiot..he said he also needed 2 utility bills AND a credit card for our van...nobody informed us of anything like this and people I have talked to since said they have never heard of such a thing, we did not have 2 utility bills, we pay everything online...and I do not have a credit card, we had to cancel our rental, the man was very condescending and sarcastic and did not seem to care about the situation at all, just basically gave us our cards back and said see you later. We had to scramble to find a same day rental, luckily we pulled some strings because of a very good friend knowing someone and got a van that day...but of course from a different location, I will NOT ever recommend or do business with this location ever again. The look on my kids faces knowing there was a possibility we may not get to go to the beach for the first time in our lives was heartbreaking, not to mention we had family members from out of town joining us to go on our vacation, even though we pulled it off and went on our vacation, I am still highly upset with the unprofessional disposition of this location, terrible, terrible, terrible.
1	This location has become a joke since lLuke left. The manager Sahar is never there and none of the employees can do anything without her permission. The past two times I reserved a weekend special they did not have a car for me then tried to get me to pay for an upgrade. I ended up leaving and not renting at all. My recommendation is to find a new manager!
1	Stay clear of this place, I got into an accident on Friday morning and my car was totaled. The insurance paid for a rental car so I call them because they were close to my house. First I could never get a hold of them on the phone they would answer and say please hold and then hang up I tried several time on Friday and finally gave up. Sat. I tried again and they told me all the rental companies were out of cars  this weekend (All??)  I call Enterprise on Alma School and they were great they had cars and even upgraded me for nothing. This place in Queen Creek has the worst customer service ever, never again wish i could give them no stars that's what they deserve.
