4	I'm a huge nerd -- I love crystals. When I found out about this museum I dragged along my suffering hubby and cousin. She has this unholy and frankly, an embarrassing love of rocks so she was only too happy to go.This somewhat small museum houses an amazing collection of rocks and crystals in various stages. It's not quite the collection one would find in say...the Chicago Museum of Mining and Minerals, but this is darn good, too!It's a bit disorganized, but if you're happy to wander and read you won't have any problems here.The staff is friendly and helpful. The gift shop?  So so. Nothing I'd write home about.There is a nominal fee to get in, but you do tend to spend a lot of time roaming around and looking at rocks and various crytsals. They've got a hefty collection of them. I wish they had more precious gemstones in their finished cut and polished state, but I was quite happy with what I found.It pays to return  every few months because they have new exhibits and some of them are quite cute. So far my most favorite display they did was make food out of various rocks and crystals...it was amazing and so realistic. When you got up close and studied the 'food', you soon realized that it's all rock and crystals. One could tell it took a lot of time and effort to get that done.It's a great way to pass an afternoon and even a person who dislikes rocks and gemstones would definitely be enthralled with this museum.
4	So I'm not a geologist. But my friend is. So I can appreciate that this would be entirely exciting for some folks. We paid $2/person to get in. There was a sign that said "kids" under 18 are free, a perk for those with youngsters or teenagers. I would concur with Carina in that the museum is fairly small, but houses a pretty impressive collection of rocks, crystals, forms, etc for it's size and scope. It's also kind of cool to see the amount of copper and unique geological forms that reside within Arizona. We spent about 45 minutes or an hour here and I felt like that was plenty. The highlight for us was the Rose Mofford room, housing a ton of her awesome stuff. A turquoise encrusted violin (or viola...i'm not good with that stuff)...seriously? Pretty awesome. A ton of her plaques, photos, and interesting bits that she collected over her time are up on the walls. So that was pretty neat. Also, they have a section of rocks that look like food. Geologists gotta get some laughs somewhere right!?
4	Had a great morning at this "gem" of a museum, located right in the middle of Downtown.  The scope is vast with a great collection, especially really impressive crystals.  The Rose Mofford Collection of "stuff" the former governor collected over her tenure in office is interesting, especially the biggest rattlesnake I ever saw- stuffed- Supposedly the governor  snuffed the thing personally. It must have been eighteen inches around and about seven feet long.  There must be a hundred different kachinas of all kinds.  There was a clever display for Thanksgiving of an entire feast table, and all the items were rocks. It looked delicious.  I'd have liked to see more about the mining technology, but they did have some nice models of open pit copper mines and a cutaway of a shaft with all the timbering, etc.  At two bucks a head, it's well worth spending an hour or so there.  My son the geologist could have spent a week there, I'm sure.  The nice lady at the front desk was very helpful and enthusiastic, but apparently not a Mofford supporter.  I guess female governors are an Arizona tradition.  You can take home some rocks from a free dump and they have a pretty nice gift shop with some nice jewelry.  You can watch lapidaries cutting gems in a lab in the rear.   Outside are some giant mining equipment, but don't climb on them.
4	Elvis wasn't here but lots of big and little rockers attended the 37th Annual Flagg Gem and Mineral Show at Mesa Community College on January 10, 2009.  The outdoor show featured performers from around the globe including the Blue Azurites from China, the Quartz Crystals from Arkansas, the Green Jades from British Columbia, the Crazy Laces from Mexico, the Fire Agates from Arizona, the Lake Superior Lakers from Minnesota, the Green Malachites from Africa and many more.  The highlight was the Petrified Woods performing on the Granite Lazy Susans and Table Tops...  All in all, lots of vendors, lots of rocks to look at  and friendly folks.  I found some good deals so had to add to my "hard rock" collection....
4	For just $2 it is not a bad place to check out.Row after row of glass cases full of amazing minerals, rocks and metals.There are some other displays where rocks have been laid out to look like food on plates.There was a special side exhibit that had nothing to do with rocks, it was part of a collection of recent AZ history. It looked more like a gift shop from old town with all of the random south west trinkets.I really enjoyed the two UV rock cases. It is a bit hidden so make sure you look for it.Up stairs are diorama of mining towns and how mining operations work. If I wanted to play with the trucks as if I were a child again.There are even free rocks you can take with you at one section.The gift shop has a good amount of interesting items too.Out side is old mining equipment great for photo ops.Good for about an 1 hour +-
3	Was an interesting way to spend an hour.  Lots of displays but very dusty on the inside of the cases.  Quite and peaceful; a nice place to hang out for awhile.  I showed up about 40 minutes before closing and she didn't charge me the $2 but I donated $3 since they operate only on donations.  The table set with rocks and minerals was fun to check out.  I would go back again when I wasn't short on time and explore upstairs.
5	I am not particularly interested in geology or mineralogy but I took a friend who is. I was impressed. This museum tells you a lot about the mining industry which had a lot to do with the growth of Arizona. even if, like me, you are not fascinated by rocks this is still worth a couple of hours. Almost every mineral has been found somewhere in the state. Copper is what we think of but gold and silver and lead and mercury and so on we're found somewhere.  Very interesting stuff. There is a gallery dedicated to Rose Mofford, first woman governor of Arizona.  As you approach or leave you see large pieces of mining equipment outside of the museum. this is a good place to visit.
4	I am taking  geology classes.  Had to check this out and was very pleasantly surprised as it really gave me perspective and I found myself more knowledgeable after relating  to the different minerals.  PS a diamond is a mineral not a rock, who knew. The prices are very reasonable and the place interesting and educational.  I recommend it.
