5	This might not be the right one or this shows a wrong address because the one I went to was at 2439 South Valley View in Las Vegas, NV.When we went to Vegas for a wedding, I had to try this place because some friends of mine said  they're fried rice comes really close to Shirley's back on Guam which we all loved. And in my opinion...it was F&*KIN' GOOD! So good that the boyfriend and I went back 2 days later and ordered it again. Keep in mind that this is a simple island food establishment. So there are no frills and just damn good food. Obviously, I had the combo fried rice which had spam, portuguese sausage and char-sui (chinese BBQ pork). YUM. They have a huge menu so next time I'll definitely try something else.
4	Love it! Unlike all the other Hawaiian BBQ shops around that just copy L&L, this is a true mom and pop kinda place.  Big menu, Big portions.  Friendly service.  Food is good and not very healthy but hey! it's island food! I do think most people get take out versus dining in though.  The Lau Lau is the size of a brick and so much katsu in one serving i can eat it for 3 meals.
5	As Karen K says in her review of this restaurant, this address is WRONG!**** Yelp has since changed the address! Now you can all find your way to ONO! *** BUT, boy can I say that although this place hasn't gotten much attention on Yelp, it's certainly gotten enough attention to stay open for 15 years! I had a short but friendly conversation with the older man who works there. (I'm sure he's probably one of the owners OR SOMETHING, and I thought it was cute he was in a shirt, slippahz and shorts!) They are closed on Mondays, which is an odd day, but at least they are available for Sunday church-goers! The menu is extensive, and they have pictures of almost everything they serve up on the walls, along with some interesting pictures and a few local articles. The food is amazing and portions are generous! It is Local/Hawaiian style food from a hole-in-the-wall mom & pop sort of place, so don't expect wonderful presentation or anything, but the taste is definitely there. In fact, they have some of the best mac salad I've tried... WAAAAY better than L&L's hands down! I've been there twice, and have had a chance to eat the Sweet & Sour Spare Ribs, THEY FALL RIGHT OFF THE BONE! and taste just like home... MMM and the second time I went I had the Beef Sukiyaki! It was much bigger than what most Japanese restaurants would serve and it came with rice. My boyfriend had the Combo Adobo the first time. He preferred the chicken Adobo over the pork, and the second time we went, he had the special that came with Lomi-Lomi Salmon, Kalua Pig, & Lau Lau. EVERYTHING WAS GREAT! Also, the both times we've went large families have come in and dined as well. I'm talking about 15-20 people all at once! They also got taken care of well, considering that there is one cook, and one server. Amazing how they handle themselves!If I lived closer to this, I'd definitely be getting take out more often... but I'd say it is worth the drive, regardless. If you're looking for some "local kine grindz"  this is a spot to hit. They get the flavors right on, and at the same time offer friendly & casual service.OH, and they have shave ice!!! THE REAL SHAVE ICE! NOT "snow-cones" and they are only $1.75 for up to 3 flavors (if I'm remembering correctly.) You can even add ice cream for a small extra charge. Talk about feeling like you're back on da 'aina. Thank goodness for Hawaiian Hale.
5	I usually don't write reviews unless i feel necessary but this place is ONO! SUPER ONO! broke da mouf! so i gotta spread the word to all my kama' aina out there to go to this place. Kay, i go to Vegas a lot and i must say the selection of local food here is pretty good coming from someone who lives in LA. BTW this review is legit since Im actually a local, so i know what local food is. But I came here after Church cuz I know that Island Flavor is closed on Sundays. Cute lil auntie/uncle joint, decided to try the cutlet since the picture showed it was swimming in gravy. pork cutle, all rice, and the bf got saimen since he wasnt feeling well, oh and i also got a fruit punch cuz i loves me my fruit punch but not "hawaiian punch" as they serve at the regular American restaurants.. While Auntie Michelle, the owner, went to prepare our order, had about 2 couples in there, Haunani and her husbandm i forget his name but he was wearing one long sleeve "the bus" shirt (His name is Van de Guzman!! and he plays awesome music)  (he does the music at boulder station, you should go check him out) and another couple with their kid. I noticed right away that the pidgin was real heavy there and they was talkin smack about people's high school so i knew right away that this was home. They was real friendly too, talkin to me and the BF and forgiving him for not being from the islands lol all good. Okay but  back to the food, OMG someone call Perry and Price cuz  this place HIT THE SPOT!! the batter they use for the cutlet is real flavorful not like kinda plain like at L & L and it was a real generous portion. Gravy was nice and thick and the BF's saimen was good too, not like shiros kine but zippys kine. Fruit punch came in the hawaiian sun can too. Now the portions were not as big as island flavor but the hospitality, the warmth, aloha spirit combined with bombastic food makes this place no. 1 in my book for local food. Will definitely come back and work on becoming a regular. If you visit, tell'm Joanne from Waipahu sent you!
4	I was craving Hawaiian food, so I decided to give this place a try. I felt kind of awkward when I walked in because there were no customers in the restaurant and two of the employees were sitting down and watching tv. But the woman who was working got up from her chair and greeted me as soon as she saw me. I wanted Lau Lau and Kalua Pig, so I decided to order the Hawaiian Special Plate to go. It came with white rice, Lau Lau, Kalua Pig and a small side of Lomi Salmon. It was a bit expensive - $10.50, but I thought it was a better deal, rather than ordering the Lau Lau Plate plus a side of Kalua Pig, which would have came out to over $15.00.The portions were big, so it was worth the price I paid. The Lau Lau was HUGE! You will seriously have enough leftovers for 2-3 meals! It was nice and hot, cooked well and tasted very good. The Kalua Pork on the other hand was a disappointment. It was very dry and lacked flavor. I had to throw it out. Maybe I just went on a bad day, but it was sad because I really like Kalua Pork and it tasted horrible! I wouldn't mind coming back here to try other items on their menu. Hopefully I will be really hungry the next time!
5	Best Hawaiian food place I have ever been to in vegas. The food was delicious, the service was awesome, and the portion are great. Very good place to satisfy ones cravings for Hawaiian food.
5	The best hawaiian food on the mainland.  The kalua pig and poi is sooo ono.  The spam saimin with a cracked egg from here can cure a hangover in seconds.  I go to vegas about 10 times and year and always eat here.
5	it's been a while since i've been here but i use to come here all the time and i definitely recommend this place. pretty casual place, not main stream, fast and friendly service. all of their portions are huge. best loco moco in town, big serving of rice, 2 big hamburger patties that don't taste or feel store bought like other places, topped with eggs and a bunch of gravy.  you also should try the kalua and cabage, lau lau, etc and compare it to what you've had around town. i don't know if they still have it but take a look at their scrapbook binder, all the people thats been there over the years, look for my signature from 10 years ago.
5	Uh, why did I just find out about this place now?  This place is awesome!Now, okay, the outside is scary looking.  Scary looking as in it looks like a dump.  But, inside, my friends, is delicious Hawaiian food (the sign does, however, state they serve Hawaiian, Filipino, Japanese AND American).Like the outside, the inside of the restaurant is not fancy. At all.  The walls are covered with pictures of famous Hawaiians and newspaper clippings referencing the Hawaiian population in Las Vegas.  It's cute and I thought it gave the place character.The tables are spartan but the menu is extensive.  They have boiled peanuts on the menu but I was unable to order them as they had just run out.  I give them a pass on that because boiling peanuts takes a freakin' long time. I've done it, it sucks. Oh well, next time.I ordered the Mix Plate which is $10. The Mix Plate includes kalbi, chicken katsu, kimchi, rice, and macaroni salad. The chicken katsu was an enormous cut of chicken that was both moist but not greasy.   The kalbi, although a little sweet, was perfectly cooked and not too fatty.  The macaroni salad tasted 100% homemade.  The kimchi portion was small but tasty.  And, to top if off, I received two giant scoops of white rice.  Oh, and by the way, the portions are enormous. My companion had the Hawaiian plate (around $10) that includes lau lau, kalua pork, and two huge scoops of rice.  It was the biggest serving of lau lau I've ever seen.  It was also the tastiest.  The kalua pork was also delicious and moist, but not as fantastic as the lau lau.  The lau lau is definitely a winner. Also, because we didn't expect such large portions, we ordered a side of Spam musubi (it's like Spam sushi) for $3.95.  A side includes two pieces and we scarfed it down.  I would likely go to Hawaiian Hale just for the musubi. Yum.The best part about this place, however, is the homey feeling.  Our servers were the sweetest ladies and we all watched an episode of "House Hunters" that was playing on the restaurant's T.V.  Just, totally casual, like you're at a friend's house.  I'll definitely be back for the tasty, artery-clogging food and HGTV bonding.
5	Had the shrimp fried rice and egg foo young.  DAMN....the egg foo young was sooooooooo good!!  Gotta go back and try more.
5	Every time I go to Vegas I try to eat here, hole in the wall joint but awesome food. You can't get more authentic than this place. Last time I had Hawaiian food this good it was from Hawaii. I think I have had a little bit of everything here but the best was the LauLau. Big portions cheap price. The people here are so nice. Definitely recommend it to all my friends, I rather go to a joint like this than thefake/fancy spots near the strip.
4	If you don't at least try the shaved ice, you are missing out BIG! I loved the food. Don't let the location or the interior fool you. It is a hole in the wall, but it has VERY friendly owners and VERY good food. I will go there when I have an appetite for Hawaiin food again.
1	Ok, time to bring these reviews down to reality.Note: I am not an Hawaiian food expert so if you are, take that into consideration.This Resturant has Kitchen nightmare written all over it.  The Resturant itself is in TOTAL disrepair.  Lights and air conditioning don't work, the carpet is filthy, the tables are scattered with outdoor lawn chairs, cables hang from the ceiling, decor is beyond decayed.FOOD: based on reviews here, I had the Hawaiian plate.  The pork had over 1 pound of pure fat in it.   Maybe that's the Hawaiian way, but for me it looked totally disgusting.   My wife had the teriyaki bowl.  Parts of it were burnt and afterwards she was complaining her stomach hurt.  Rice was ok.DETAILSResturant:  1/10 (this ain't homey -- it's rundown)Ambiance:  1/10 (scary!)Service: 5/10 (a little slow but friendly)Cleanliness: 1/10 (board of health should be concerned.)Food: 1/10 (we were trying to determine what was editable. Not good.)Restroom: don't know.  I was too scared to go in.Parking: 4/10 (small lot)Overall quality seemed to be totally lacking.
5	The ULTIMATE BEST BEST Hawaiian food I have ever eaten! The Katsu is such crunchy deliciousness. They have Fried Rice Spam Musubi that I LOOOOOOVE! Everything on the very large menu is DELICIOUS. Believe me, everytime we go to Vegas, our whole group goes and we each eat something different. So we've tried it all. Service is slow cause its like a mom & pop restaurant, but so worth it. I vouch for everything on the menu. You can't go wrong. But definitely the katsu and fried rice musubi is the most special!
1	Doors locked, no furniture inside.  Apparently out of business.
5	Awesome place.  Laulau's are good and moist.
