2	-Front door greeter was nice and cordial, of course it happen to also be the Store Manager.-Employee "Ryan" provided cold, robot-like service and was quite condescending too! If you get this guy, then ask for someone else, unless you like that! (IMO, Ryan would be better suited working as a TSA Gov't Worker.)-Parking was convenient.-Wait time not too bad.-Located in the Target/Kohl's shopping center, near the car wash.-My third visit to this store (whenever I'm in the area), the service is not impressive at this location. -I always get matched up with a MEAN employee, while I observe the customer next to me being helped by a friendly employee! Inconsistant service. Avoid. :(
5	Easy in easy out.Much better service than the store on bell the manager was very help .the rep was very nice and extremely helpful.To me this is how a Verizon store should be operated
4	This is one of the better Verizon's that I've been to.  There was no wait and my phone was fixed in no time.
1	To whom It May Concern:I pre-ordered 2 iPhone 5's for my business and was promissed on the 14th that they would be delivered to me no later than 9-21-2012 by the phone representative that took my order.  I subsequently received an email stating that they would not be delivered until 9-26.  I called and spoke with a representative regarding this who assured me that I would be receiving the phones on Friday the 21st.  Yesterday evening I received an email stating that it would be the 26th or later and that you could not guarantee when I was recieving them. Today I called, spoke to one rep who could not verify anything other than that the phones had not shipped and would not be shipped today.  I asked to speak to his supervisor who's only solution was to cancel the order.  I asked to speak to his supervisior and was told he would take my number and someone would get back to me in 24-48 hours.  I explained that this was not acceptable and to please transfer me to his supervisor.  After 15 minutes of me asking to be transferred, him stating that he was not refusing to transfer but only offering to take my number and have someone contact me back, he said to hold he would transfer me.  So far, I have been on hold for 43 minutes and 15 seconds as of the time that I am writing this.  This is not acceptable.  As a business custormer with Verizon Wireless for many years, I would think that you would have better customer service than this.  This is the quickest way to loose a customer.  So glad that you have more than you need so that you do not have to treat them courteously or honor your promisses.  Had I known you were not going to honor your delivery promise, I would have simply gone through Apple's Business division.
4	Maybe it was due to the time, 230 on a Tuesday, but, this was the emptiest vzw store I've ever been to. Walked in, bought a tablet with no hassle. David did disparage my wanting to buy a case on Amazon as opposed to paying $50. P. S.  I found the same case on Amazon for half the price
1	Zero stars. Unacceptable wait. Unacceptable customer service with a "sorry just deal with it attitude." Although that seems to be Verizon's way regardless of how you're trying to get assistance.
