5	So I happened upon Envy Nails after a third bad experience with my previous salon was more than I could take.The quick rundown: this salon is new, very clean and well-organized, the prices are reasonable, and the owner REALLY seems enthusiastic about his business and his customers. And they do an EXCELLENT job!  He really took his time to ensure everything was perfect, and I was just amazed at the skill level.  They have great attention to detail, which is not something you see very often these days. I was thoroughly impressed and will be returning soon.  I have finally found my new nail salon!!  I haven't had a pedicure there yet, but some other ladies were having them done while I was there and they were overflowing with compliments the whole time.  They remarked to one another that they hadn't had such good pedicures since "that one time in 2004 in Miami!"  It goes to show you, people remember good service!  He even put some type of gel clear coat on my nails that dried within 2 minutes!  Literally--2 minutes!  I was trying to be careful reaching into my purse for my wallet and keys and he chuckled and reassured me they were completely dry.  I was still a little anxious to reach into my credit card slot in my wallet--a move that under other circumstances would have been disastrous. Not a single imperfection!  He said he usually charges a little extra for this special stuff, but did it for FREE so I could try it out and see its awesomeness first-hand.Since this salon is pretty new, it's not crowded yet, but I anticipate that once the word spreads, they will be the busiest nail salon in the NW Phoenix/Glendale area.
5	I really enjoyed my experiencer here. It is a new facility, so it is really nice. There are so many places I have gone to where the massage chairs don't work, so its nice to go to a place where they all are ready to go.The girls doing nails were all really nice and friendly. The prices seemed normal for the area. I had a manicure and pedicure. It was nice because she cleaned off my wedding rings after the manicure which no one has done before.I also had my eyebrows done and she did them nicely.Overall a great experience and I will be back.
5	I happened upon Envy Nails on Thanksgiving Day when my mom was in town visiting and we we decided to go get a pedicure. From the minute we walked in the door,  my mom and I were welcomed by Andy and his wife. We were treated like guests in their home. I received the best pedicure I have had. Not only was it the best massage but also included warm lotion and hot rocks to follow it up. We were even offered iced coffee while we were getting our feet massaged. The entire experience was so relaxing and perfect. And best of all,  they do the best callus removal and heal scrub. My feet feel so soft and rejuved by the time we were finished. I have gone there ever since and would not go anywhere else. Each and every employee works up to Andy's high standards of customer service and satisfaction. It is worth every penny.
5	I heard about Envy Nails on here, and seeing the good reviews, decided to give it a try. I was not disappointed in the least. Upon entering, I was greeted by a friendly staff and a very pleasant atmosphere. The inside is spacious and decorated well without being cluttered. The man who did my nails (Andy), was courteous and professional, but at the same time made me feel comfortable while I was getting my nails done. All in all, I would definitely recommend Envy Nails to everyone. I won't be going anywhere else from now on.
5	Great place with amazing customer service. I am super picky but they did an awesome job! Cash tips preferred!
5	I found this place by accident after being fed up with all the other nail places around. All I have to say is what a pleasant surprise!   The service is excellent. The prices are comparable to others, but it is the staff that makes it great!   I have told many others about Envy Nails and they all love it too!
5	Loved my nails and so kind
3	Staff is friendly and do a great work. They took their time doing my nails, and I have received so many compliments on them in the past.The place looks great, very organized and clean. I have recommended it to several of my friends, and now they go there too.I normally would say I have a great experience there, however today the guy that did my nails seemed to be grumpy at the beginning, apparently he had some kind of disagreement with the owner. On top of that I was charge 40% more than I normally pay for the same thing I always get, when I asked why they keep saying they were giving me a discount, not sure how they called that a discount if I ended up paying more!!! My nails look great but I am very disappointed and might be looking for a new place to do my nails. This is the second time that happens, and is always when the owner is not there. So just beware.
5	Totally recommend having a reservation but well worth the wait if you don't ( I didn't).  Everyone is SO personable and have a unique style of their own!  Overall experience was ABSOLUTELY amazing....from the attention received when first walking in, offering us water, the cleanliness and obvious care of the spa, the communication between the techs themselves and their clients, to the end of the appointment.  EVERY tech we encountered last night was fabulous and took great care in their art and in their customer.  I have to give a shout out to Lisa (my tech) and Tony who are a great duo!  Lisa...you are SO sweet and did a beautiful, and laborious job on getting my feet back into sandal shape...THANK YOU!!  Tony...I'm still waiting to see what a "Hong Kong Flower" is!!  Linda (who my daughter had) did a beautiful job on her toes!  Never has anyone created a design on all 10 toes for her before and she did amazing!  Can't wait to see you all again on our next mother/daughter day out!  No matter who does your manicure or pedicure you are bound to have a fantastic experience and receive great customer service!!
5	Needed a pedicure but was afraid to try a new place after getting a fungus from another salon up the road. Relying on Yelp reviews, I decided to try Elite. I called for an appointment and Andy was very friendly and told me to come right in. The salon is clean and bright. Everyone is friendly. Andy started my pedicure but one of his regular clients came in with an emergency and he asked if I would mind having Linda take over. I was a little worried because Andy was so highly recommended but what a blessing Linda turned out to be! She is thorough and dedicated to making sure her clients are 100% satisfied. I was especially impressed by her attention to sanitation and the massage was amazing! I will definitely be back.
2	My regular place doesn't open until 11 on Sundays so found Envy today.  The BEST mani / pedi EVER!!!!!!!!!!I decided to go for the Luxury mani / pedi and Lisa literally massaged my lefs and feet for about 30 minutes.   I wouldn't do this if short on time though.I have found a new regular place.  Lisa and Thuy were both Amazing!March 2014 UPDATEOkay, I'm updating my review.   I've been coming here for 6 months and initially, they were awesome.   However,  in January,  ownership changed and now this place is ridiculously slow!  I've been here 2x since ownership changed and both times have been this bad.Today I stopped in & they told me it would be 15 min, before they could start on me.  Great!   30 min later, I finally get into a chair & then sat here for another 30min before anyone started on my feet.  The water was freezing cold, I had to ask them 2x to warm it up.  I even told the guy I like it hot enough to turn my feet red, & again,  luke warm at best.I wanted a mani as well,  but I've been here for 2 hrs and the Pedicure still isn't done!  SERIOUSLY! Doubt I will be back.  Too bad the old owners sold it
4	Went in on Friday and Andy did my nails. I had gel on and he put the acrylics on top of it. Looked nice and he knew I told him I go to a regular gal and she's having surgery. He did some nail art on my nails and didn't charge me. Very nice :) so far so good so let's hope no lifting. The reason didn't give a 5 star is because I feel that I should have gotten gel nails instead of acrylics.
5	Love it. First time in my lifetime. Super fun. Will be back.
4	I was in town for business and read reviews..this shop.was awesome clean fast professional n friendly!  Management was even friendly please visit u will love it. Also great massages while nails dry
5	Just found this gorgeous salon yesterday! Tiffany did my nails, and she did a wonderful job. The owner is super sweet also. I got there at almost 6pm yesterday & they still took me even though they were supposed to close at 5pm. I loved conversating with Tiffany, she is definitely my new nail tech!! I love the comfortable atmosphere and the decos are super cute. The owner is so friendly and takes so much pride in her shop & what she does. They are wonderful people, I will definitely be back!!
4	I went here after seeing reviews here about this place that were all around great. I just moved back to Arizona from Texas and I've been looking for a go to regular place to get mani/pedis. I was very impressed! The place was super clean and the staff was very friendly. I had a short wait, but that's to be expected when you drop in. The girl that did my nails was super nice and talked with me about moving, my job, etc. She did a great job as well. I also liked that they tools they use are opened up from a new package of cleaned utensils.I also needed an eye brown wax. I'm usually wary about getting waxes at places that specialize in nails.. but I was desperate so I went for it. The lady that did it was very attentive to how I wanted them done, so that made me feel a lot better. She ended up doing a great job. I think it's safe to say this will be my go to place now! I didn't get a pedicure that day but I will be soon and that could possibly bump them up to 5 stars.
4	Got a much needed pedicure and fill today by Stephanie!!! Love hetr she is super sweet. Owners are sooo friendly! I really like everything about this salon. My foot massage could have been longer after this long work week but oh well it was just a regular pedi.
4	I had a great experience at this place!  I recommend giving them a try. Note that they open at 10:00 on Sundays which is earlier than most on Sundays. But note that Yelp shows they open at 9:00 on Sunday-that is incorrect.So I had a great pedicure!! They had a nice atmosphere and it was a classy salon! Lisa did a nice job and gave a wonderful and nice long leg massage. I may up my rating after a few more visits-need to see how the pedicure holds up and the consistency in service.
5	My boyfriend and I stopped into this nail spa after I found them on yelp and they came up with the best reviews for their entire area.  I needed a fill and my man needed a pedi.  We arrived on a Friday afternoon a little past 2pm and we had no wait time at all and were greeted with warm regards and immediate servicing.  As we proceed with our respective treatments, both of us were highly impressed with the top notch professionalism we received from start to finish. I am particularly particular about my nail services ( Nail Snob ) as I have been getting them done for more years; every 2-3 weeks, than I'd care to go into detail about.  My overall point is that I am highly experienced with nail care (Good & Bad ) and this place is a breath of fresh air in an industry that could easily go either way in consistency and professionalism.  Envy Nail Spa is professional, professional, professional!  I'm so thankful to yelp for the help in finding them.  I am considering making them my 'House Spa' even though they're a good 25 minute drive away from us......But, they are THAT good and would absolutely be worth the drive and time should I decide to do that!
2	The grass isn't greener on this side.  I wanted to try somewhere other than my normal place I've been going to for years...I saw Envy had 5 starts out of 14 reviews.  So I chose them.  First, I must say that the staff there was very nice and they did 4-star work. :)  The pedicure I had was perfect.  The person who did my nails did a good job and took his time shaping them, but he didn't ask me about length and I asked him to cut them down twice...they're still too long but the shape is great.  The reason for the 2 stars are 1) I get acrylic nails and the color choices they had were bad (only glitter choices, so I got white); 2) they didn't use the plastic things in the pedicure tubs for cleanliness; 3) it smelled like cigarette smoke in the shop.
5	I discovered this place on Yelp. I saw the high reviews and decided to try them when I take my Mom to get her nails tended. The salon is large and has all the latest equipment. The salon staff is super friendly. I asked for someone gentle for my Mom who is older. They were knowledgeable and provided an excellent mani/pedi for her. I have a California State Cosmetologist license and pay particular attention to sanitation and care with any nail service. No nail service should ever hurt. My Mom did a lot of giggling when her feet were getting the royal treatment - a good sign! Next time I'm in the area, I'll treat myself to the nail services too and provide an update.I'm not sure what it's all about these days, but I wish all nail salons would use the real finger soaking bowls instead of the seen-too-often salsa dip bowls! Waaaay more ergonomic. Just sayin'.
1	False advertisement they had a sign for 19.99  for full set so I thought it would be nice to bring my daughters to get spoiled....well I wanted a design on my nails...showed them what I wanted. ...left with a complete diff. than what I asked for not even close ...wanted a flower got 3 whisping lines....then proceeded to charge me over 33. each ....I may be from CA but I assure you i'm not an idiot..and job on all 3 sets were poor
5	Hands down, best pedicure ever. The lady was at it for almost an hour, just massaging and scrubbing and using hot stones. Efficient work and super relaxing. My dogs were barking. Definitely gonna make this my regular pedi stop. And 30 bucks ain't bad to be pampered like that. Feet so clean you could eat off 'em.
5	Just got a pedicure and the service was amazing. I've been to alot of salons and this one is by far the BEST!!!!! I will always come here from now on.
1	Says they are open til 7, so why when I walk in at 6:30 they are going to turn my business away... Never going back here
2	I decided to check this place out after reading the "rave reviews" on Yelp. Well, the ratings and reviews I've seen were better than the service I received today.The place is clean, which is always a plus.The service was prompt. Another plus, but what else can one expect when one calls a day ahead and asks for an appointment, correct? When I called I had specifically asked for a pedicure and a new, full set of GEL nails. They had no idea who I was when I entered the establishment, what I wanted, or that I had even called for the appointment the day before.The pedicure was nice. The lady who did it was kind and took her time to do a good job. She tried to start a conversation with me the best she was able, which I appreciated. She had to ask another technician to get a polish for me, though, because I hadn't been given time to decide which color I wanted.I had to specifically request the removal of my previous set, and sat during the whole pedicure with a bowl of acetone in my lap and my fingers in it.The full set I got was Not gel like I had requested when I made the appointment, it turns out. They asked what I wanted and I said a full set of pink and white like I'd see on the display, which I received in acrylic. When I got home, I had to touch up my nails with an emery board, and they are still uneven and crooked.I am very glad that others have had a good experience at this salon, but personally I will not be going back. Pedicure= $35 Full set of Acrylics=$45
1	Talk about a huge waste of time!I took my daughter here for a post-birthday treat, based on the Yelp reviews. I made an appointment the day before & we showed up 10 minutes early so we could pick out polish colors. They only had 1 person doing fingernails - the other 6 staff members were doing pedicures on a full house of people. 5 mins. after our scheduled appointment time we were still sitting in the waiting area when a woman walked in & announced she had an appointment -- at the same exact time as ours. To my surprise, they tended to her first even though they knew we had an appointment at the same time & we'd signed in first.15 minutes past our appointment time they seated us at the manicure station. We only wanted a basic mani: Shape-and-polish of natural nails. The tech left us to soak in finger bowls for another 35 minutes (there's a huge clock on the wall that we were facing so it was hard not to notice the time) while she chatted on her cell phone & tidied the pedicure station. When she finally came back & started my daughter's nails, she stopped & got up 5 TIMES to tend to other customers, including once to go carry a purse for someone who already had a staff member tending to them. Once she got up right in the middle of painting my daughter's nails, leaving one unpainted so she could go scrub the tub of a pedicure seat! The 5th time she got up was to go hear the complaint of one of the other customers, who told her that they wished she'd been honest when they'd called & asked if the salon had time to do a mani & pedi because she'd been in the pedi chair for over 45 minutes with no progress.When the nail tech finally came back to finish painting, she almost missed doing the one nail that still had no polish on it -- she'd forgotten what she was doing. She thanked us for waiting for her, so I know she knew her behavior wasn't acceptable customer service.Well, by this time I'd been soaking for nearly an hour. The water had gone cold & I was pruney. She finished my daughter's nails & to my surprise she got up AGAIN, leaving us for another 10 minutes while she seated another customer who'd just walked in. Again I was surprised when that woman was immediately worked on by another staff member, even though she was getting a manicure too. I guess appointments just don't matter here. We will NOT be going back to this salon. I do not recommend going here unless you want to waste a day with nothing to show for it.
4	I went here because of the Yelp reviews. Great service great price really friendly. Really busy I suggest making an appointment, I did and I was sat down within a couple of minutes.  I went in for a pedi and left loving it. The only reason I am giving this 4 stars because I did notice that they mainly were focused on pedis.  The poor girl getting her nails done was left unattended while her nail tech helped other customers.  But if you want a cheap clean beautiful pedi this is your place!
5	After looking for a nail salon near my doctor's office on yelp, I decided to give this place a try, and I am so glad that I did.  I was able to get right in for a manicure and pedicure and the service was fantastic!  The lady that helped me was so sweet and did such a great job on both my hands and feet.  I was surprised what wonderful services were included for such a great price.  I will definitely be back.
4	I found this place on Yelp and I loved it. Very friendly atmosphere and great nail technicians. I came in and wanted something different and they were gladly to do it for me. Highly recommended!!!
5	I found this place on yelp...and it was as good as everyone said. Best pedicure ever. The place was busy...which obviously means others love this place as much as I do. I can't wait to go back. Ask for Bena!
5	My husband and I dropped in for pedicures since we were in the neighborhood. We saw that they had high star ratings...and we saw why. It was Saturday afternoon. So we waited a little to get started. But I expected that. At least I didn't feel like we were rushed through like some places do when they have a lot of customers. And they took their time to do the job well. Which I very much appreciated. Highly recommended.
2	Nails came out nice.. BUT.. I did tell the guy to add glitter to one nail  but he completely ignored me, they also lied about how much they would charge me to begin with , they added a $15 fee for Idk , and when i asked them about it he gave me attitude I don't think I'll be coming back!  The guy doing my nails was super  rude .
5	Mani/Pedi with the daughter and we liked it. Huge salon, clean, and English was good. We were there at like 3pm on a Thursday and no waiting. :)
4	Arrived at around 10 am on a Friday with my best friend. We didn't schedule an appointment and were luckily enough able to be sit right down for a pedicures. I would suggest making an appointment because after being there 10-15 minutes it became packed. We were asked which pedicures we preferred and I believe it was called the Luxury one ($45 one) It was amazing! I have had a lot of pedicures but have to say nothing like this one. The Luxury spa was the royal treatment that is for sure. From a mask type cream for your legs, salt scrub, sugar scrub, hot wax for your feet (never had I had that done before) and just all around special treatment. My best friend was helped by Henry and I was helped by an elderly woman. They were both very nice and friendly and for the most part understood us and spoke relatively good English. I was highly impressed at least by receiving a pedicure so we have agreed this will be our monthly spot for our girls day pedicures.
4	I went after work; around 6:20pm and got right in. They were closing at 7p so I had a pedicure and gel mani at the same time. Everything was great: the store is clean, the lady doing my mani had great English, free bottles water, thorough work. The only thing keeping me from giving five stars is that the lady doing my pedi was slow.
1	I have a salon where I get my gel manicures monthly, but I tried to book too late and my friend was all booked up (she is THAT good), see my review/pics for my salon of choice. Anyways, I was desperate because after 26 days of quality gel manicure work, my polish chipped. I went to Envy based on Yelp reviews and what a mess! First off, the nail tech had trouble taking off my gel polish so she started grinding my nails, THEN she took the tool that you remove dead skin off your nails and started removing my polish, which resulted in removing some of my layers of nail. UGH! Then she said my nails were to thin and she wanted to add some powder to them that has "vitamins" to make my nails stronger, you know, for more $$$$. UM.... my nails are fine, YOU butchered them. UGH! Never going back again! I'm used to QUALITY work! This salon does NOT meet my expectations!!!
4	I had a great experience here! I went early on a Thursday morning so there was no wait. They did a great job with my nails and listened to exactly what I wanted. The nail tech I had also spoke very good English and was very polite. I will definitely be back!
5	This place is GREAT! It's super clean, great staff and all around relaxing place to pamper yourself! The price was a little on the high side but in the end totally worth it!
5	I am a proponent of good skin and nails. As a contractor that wears flip-flops on a regular basis, my feet become less than friendly.   As a man, I wouldn't want rough feet and hands touching me, so I cannot imagine me touching someone feeling like that!My first MANi-pedi (Noticed I capitalized MAN!) came many years ago and I was hooked!  When I found this salon, I was immediately impressed. It is one of the cleanest and friendliest places I have been in many years. The team that works there is very attentive and always ensures your satisfaction. TIP: If you ask for a Margarita, you will be served a Vodka Margarita right at your chair! Much different flavor than a traditional tequila margarita and just a nice way to relax.If you go into the shop, ask for the Ugly Pool Guy Special! You will get my entire treatment!
5	I have been going to Envy for about 8 months. The staff is friendly and attentive. Yesterday, I asked about an American Manicure. They didn't have the correct powder and the manager, Kenny, went and purchased it while I was getting a pedicure! It was so wonderful seeing that kind of customer service. Thank you Kenny for being so awesome!!!
5	Envy nails is the best, I am very picky with my nails and how they look and how good their nail art is, and they are the tops in both! They also are very very friendly and remember you when you come back! I would highly recommend them to anyone !
3	Came here with my best friend on a Wednesday night at 6pm. Was pretty dead and didn't see any of the regulars that do our pedicure. Wasn't to happy this time around. Might be because it was a Wednesday or an hour before they closed but I got the Luxury Pedicure as always for $45.00. She didn't cheese grate my feet, she was very rough during the massage and only put the hot stones under my feet and not anywhere else. She had another girl come in to finish my nail polish and she was to busy talking to the other people to do a good job. I had to ask her to clean it up because it was all over my cuticle and top nail. She was agitated that I asked but went ahead and attempted to clean it up. It was so bad on my big toes that I had to ask her to do a flower design on it because it looked like complete shit. For a $45 pedicure and a $15 tip you would think I would get A ++ Service. Have been here numerous times and have never had a complaint so I will give them another shot to make sure that this was just a fluke....
1	Worst pedicure I have ever experienced! I sit down & the tub was filled so high with water that part of my maxi skirt fell in & the old asian lady yells at me. She then begins to file my nails scratching my skin in the process. The tops of my toes were red & the cuticles burned where she cut me. Then comes the massage which was very rough & unpleasant. The worst part of all was she did not know how to apply nail polish. It was all over the place & very messy looking.Overall, the service was poor & I did not feel like a valued customer. The salon was extremely bright & not air conditioned well. It was not a friendly or relaxing atmosphere. I DO NOT recommend.
3	I came here with my sister and mother for a "girly" day. Considering we are new in the area, we came here based on the reviews, but the service was just ok. For the price, I was expecting better service, but it was mediocre at best. Some of their nail polish bottles looked really old. My mom chose a color she really liked but the tech had placed either too thick of coats or the polish was too old (and had thickened) b/c when we came home long after shopping and stuff, her nail polish was still not dry. Instead it dried gunky like glue. The surface was dry, but polish was still making indentions like silly putty!
