5	Always great service here.  I would criticize the quality and selection of beer served here, but that wouldn't be fair.As a guy who just wants to go in and out, without browsing, they are always kind and helpful here.  They get me what I want, throw a few samples in my bag and I am on my way.
5	Fantastic service - everyone literally knows your name so you always feel the love when you stop in. The quality of the products is amazing and you use so little of it that they're worth the higher price point. That said, I would say that most of their products are priced similary to other beautfy products, with the exception of some that are more expensive. But Kiehl's is better. Yes, that is my very biased opinion!You can always try before you buy, and also get free samples when you purchase or order online. As well, they have some great VIP events and they're not cheap on the goodies at the end of the night. L-O-V-E Kiehl's!PS: No, I don't work for them :)
5	They truly know how to make you feel like a queen. Personalised and attentive service.Kiehl's is big on samples and letting you try things before you buy. They have drawers full of samples behind their counter and they can give you a skin assessment by asking just a few questions to find out which products are best suited for you.No pressure to buy, but they do like to talk a lot and make you try their stuff so you can be in it for longer than expected if you weren't sure what you wanted in the first place.If you sign up for their mailing list/newsletter, once or twice a year they have a promotion to pick up a free tube of their best selling Kiehl's # 1 lip balm.Another great thing is their recycling initiative they take part in for Earth Day in April if you brought in any empty plastic container (like body wash bottle, face cream jar, or whatever) you got a free travel kit with 3 sample size products.They don't skimp out on the freebies, and their products really are great. I like that most of their stuff is unscented and good for sensitive skin.
