4	Yummmmmm!  This place has great sandwiches and other bar food.  The chicken philly and the chicken grinder are both awesome, and  the french fry chips are out of this world.  The staff here is great and if you go here a bit they will remember you and your order.
3	I desperately want to give them 2 stars.  But it's quaint enough that I can't.  Burgers are decent but not memorable.  I wasn't crazy about the wings even though they offer several different kinds.  Mine were burnt.  Drinks are made well but the rickety seating gets uncomfortable pretty quickly.  And it's a little disappointing that they don't actually have a proper bar.  Yes they have a bar, but it's one short strip with six or eight stools and a server station practically in the middle.  The whole place is basically a house converted into a restaurant and some of the nooks with table and chairs crammed into them in this joint are pretty uninspired.  However there are plenty of items to try on their large menu and prices are right.  It's a nice little neighborhood bar that doesn't seem to have aspirations of greatness.  Which is kind of nice these days when everybody's trying to be the next big thing.  I just hate using the word nice to describe a bar and grill.  Do something to make me excited to drive over to you and want to recommend you to my friends.  What do I crave when I go to EBBG?  It ain't the service or the seating.  So basically nothing.But I've been back a couple times.  Lunch and dinner are inexpensive and they have Famous Grouse, a palatable low-end Scotch.  But the sandwiches aren't so hot.  Stick to burgers and wings.  This place would definitely be more popular if the food was better.  Other restaurants within walking distance are more crowded for good a reason.
3	I went with 3 stars because the outside patio area (also pet friendly) made up for the average food. The food is basically your normal lunch menu, from sanwiches, to wraps, to burgers & salads. Nothing really jumps off the menu at you, but it's not that type of place. I'd go there more for the atmosphere than the food, but you can still crave your hunger with a good bite to eat. This place really is kind of a hole in the wall, it really isn't that big but it gets the job done. The lunch crowd is pretty ferocious, so don't try an make this the under 1 hour trip. But if it's a nice day, grab an outdoor seat & sit down to a pretty decent lunch for not a bad price.
2	I've eaten outside at East Boulevard Bar and Grill a couple of times.   In fact, I was relieved that we did eat outside, because as we walked through the inside of the old house, the smell of dirty mop water and mildew permeated my olfactory senses.  The seating outside is nothing to write home about and it fills up quickly on the weekends, but it's always nice to have outdoor seating at a restaurant if temperature and bug conditions permit.   East Boulevard Bar and Grill has the potential to be a cool, casual place to hang out with a group of friends if you're in the area, but it's not someplace to go out of your way for.  The food is just okay and the service is spotty.  On a hot summer evening, we waited too long for a cold beer refill.
3	Great outdoor patio, perfect for the majority of temperate and beautiful days here in the QC. They have a descent selection of beers on tap, I believe on this particular day I decided to go with a pint of "Old Speckled Hen" pretty, pretty, pretty good. If I remember correctly, East Blvd Bar and Grille also has some pretty tasty food, like chili cheese fries. And the friendly staff works hard to make up for the cramped space and less than accommodating indoor seating. Also watch your step walking down from the bar to go out the back door, that one's a doozy. And this would make stop #2 on the "Bike Bar Crawl"
5	Same great food and finally more flat screens!   I still wish it had more character, but the food is the same and that is what matters to me.
1	Checked this place out back in the winter.  Yuck !  I just had a beer so I cant comment on the food.  But the atmosphere was yuck and the interior was just as bad. Grayish walls and nothing that would ever make me want to go back.
3	I haven't eaten here but they have great drink specials---$2 bottle, $4 house drink, $4 drought and shot specials each day. Have a wide variety of beer and service at the bar has been good but service when sitting on the patio hasn't been the quickest. This is a good place to go have some beers and watch a game.
3	Finally ate here the other day and was pleasantly surprised. They have a $5 appetizer menu from 3 to 6P each day featuring smaller portions of their apps. Be sure to ask server about this because she didn't give us the special menu when we sat (oddly enough, she did bring a lot of attitude when I asked for it). My friend got the nachos and it was huge for the "smaller" portion. I got the chicken tenders with fried potato chips with dijon honey mustard and it rocked. Bar food will always hold a special place in my heart.
2	Stopped here the other day for lunch. Parked in the covered parking area that is available for retail (131 Main, East Blvd Grill, Yn, etc). There's a entrance from the garage, so I walked in through there. First impression was that is lacked ambiance and the colors (gray) were a little off. Seemed like they were trying to go modern, but missed. Anyway, sat at the bar and grabbed a menu. Bartender was very nice. I noticed a person sitting next to me had a huge sandwich on his plate, so I politely asked what it was...he said it was the Chicken Philly. Not in the mood for chicken, but on the menu underneath the Chicken Philly was the regular Philly Cheesesteak that came with slices of ribeye, onions and provolone cheese...all on a hoagie roll...sold. It was also advertised as the "Big Guy", so based on the plate of the person next to me, I was pumped. Waited 5 minutes and the fun imagination was turned into disappointing reality. The sliced ribeye was more like little chucks of grizzle that gave the impression of being re-heated. It didn't even fill up the hoagie roll...must have been the saddest looking ribeye pre-sammy. Very little cheese was melted underneath the steak and the hoagie wasn't even toasted (can't remember if it was suppose to be, but it would have helped). This is the first time I've eaten a philly cheesesteak and been able to turn the sandwich into a roll because of the lack of meat (picture a wrap). Flavor was ok, but I've tasted better. On a positive note, the home fires were good and I enjoyed them. I recommend they beef up their cheesesteak or else change the menu description, as it was not a "big guy".
2	Had lunch here yesterday, the French Dip with sweet potato fries and a pickle. Not bad for $9.78 out the door. The sandwich was good but, like the other reviewers, uh 'where's the beef'. A huge roll wasn't filled up, but what was there was good! The sweet potato fries were excellent. The service was ssllllooooowwwww despite the place being half full. Probably won't be back ESPECIALLY since Picasso's is almost next door where the food is fabulous and the service is always excellent!
3	Ate here last night.  Not bad - but our choices were limited since it was 1) 10pm and 2) it ws hovering in the mid 30s and my buddy's apartment is nearby so it was a matter of walking.  I was in a mere t-shirt, jeans, and flip-flops.... I don't know what my deal was yesterday - I think it was my want for warmer weather to come back.Anyways... on to East Blvd Bar & Grill.  The menu wasn't too extensive, but I had a bowl of chili and everyone else got sandwiches or burgers.  I think the prices could be  a couple $$s less... but it could be the location and convenience of the place.I've come here to drink before and it's not bad.  There are tvs to watch football games and the staff is super friendly.
3	Have eaten here a couple times and also just came here to drink. Decent place... some of the prices can be a little on the high side but the place is right on east blvd with some high$$ competitors flanking its location.
3	I came here for lunch on Sunday. The set-up of this place is made for nice weather! The front windows actually opened up which was refreshing.The server was pleasant and attentive and they serve Boylan's bottled soda. Super rad. Their black bean burger is pretty awesome too- giant slices of avocado on it.The prices were a pinch high for what you're getting but its definitely a decent location to drop into.
4	Since moving to their new location next to the 131 Main on East, I've become a bigger fan of East Blvd Bar & Grill. The old location was dark and smoky, whereas the new location has front windows that open up similar to garage doors to allow patrons to enjoy the beautiful weather in the spring, summer and fall. The service is always very good, and the menu has multiple vegetarian options, which is nice. But ultimately, this is a bar, so expect bar food and good drinks. The Bloody Mary's are very good, as are the mixed drinks; they definitely are not shy with the liquor-to-mixer ratio.The best meal on the menu is the tuna salad with fries. The handcut fries are beyond delicious (ask for cheese on them and then dip in ranch - I realize that is very unhealthy, but let's be honest - you're at a bar). The tuna salad is the best in town, and you can get  it served cold or as a tuna melt.Great place to have a quick lunch or meet up with friends on a nice day for some appetizers and drinks on a sunny afternoon. There is plenty of parking in the covered deck, and being on East Blvd, it's very close to multiple boutique stores for shopping as well as Freedom Park if you'd like to try to work off some of your meal after you eat.
3	I was really expecting more.  The restaurant/bar is in such a cool location on East blvd but it is simple dwarfed by 131 Main right next door.  They just added a new menu and they are in the middle of pretty cool overhauling but we still had a pretty good time.  I would imagine that it will be a little bit more cool once it gets a little nicer outside and they open up the "garage door" windows.  The bartender and waitresses were really nice and there homemade chips were awesome!  I would definitely give this place a try for a casual happy hour run through.  Nothing big.  Oh yeah... Ice cold Blue Moon!!   Enjoy-Ian M.
2	I use to frequent this business when it was at its old location a block away.  The best server in Charlotte, "Mark" has probably retired on a private island by now, but I always enjoyed their Philly Cheese Steak with the home-style fries.With this in mind, we went to EBB&G wanting to have the Fried Cheese Sticks, the Philly Cheese Steak, and a BBQ Chicken Sandwich.  It was a beautiful day, and all of the "garage doors" were open and there were only a few handful of people in the restaurant as it was 3:00pm.  It took approx 3 minutes for a server to come over to take our drink order, and since we knew why were there we went ahead and placed our order.It seemed like 12 minutes went by, and we were concerned that maybe our server forgot to place our appetizer order.  When we motioned her over, she quickly realized why we were calling for her.  She forgot! Our meals came out within 2 min of that so we opted to fore-go the appetizer.The  Philly Cheese seemed to be lacking some cheese, but all in all it was still good.  I had the BBQ Chicken Sandwich with home-fries ( I have added a photo) and it was really good. The fries are always spot on.The service on this occasion, as well as our last occasion, will cause us to look elsewhere for a Sunday afternoon brunch.  The location and view is nice, but with 131 Main right next door......they need to be on there best service.If you like good food, and can tolerate mediocre service at best, then this place may be ok for you.NCFoodGuy
3	I love this place! One of the best Reubins in town. Danny is allways friendly and attentive. I used to go to the other location frequently and loved the atmospehere, And the new location is fantastic even though Frank just moved up the street. Though I do wish there was more of a patio.
2	my roomie and i have been trying out all the east blvd. restaurants since we moved in the neighborhood about 2 months ago. this place is my least favorite so far. the service took forever- it was about 10 minutes before we even got our drinks. the food was just meh. our waiter was not very attentive. with all the other great options on the block, i doubt we'll be going back anytime soon.
1	Service? what service? If dirty greasy food prepared by dirty people with shirt stains from months ago is what you're looking for this is the place. If it wasn't for tv, beer and open late night, this place would be closed in a day. I doubt people eat in there. Horrible.
3	We finally went to EBB&G's new location on East Blvd.  While I'm glad they're out of that old stinky house, the new digs aren't super-impressive either.  Of course, we went on a chilly winter night, so it's not like it is in the summer when the windows can be opened up, etc.  My partner and I both ordered a burger "Georgia style," meaning that it came with pimento cheese, bacon, and fried pickles on top.  I did make mine a turkey burger, though, so it a little healthier, right?   Eh, who cares.  Sometimes you've gotta live it up.   It tasted pretty good, and so did the sweet potato fries.  Unfortunately, the rest of the menu left something to be desired.  It felt so lackluster.  There wasn't anything on there that made me want to come back to try on another occasion.  I know it's a bar with bar food, but some bars have some pretty fantastic foods that make me want to come back again and again!  (See:  any Miller's Ale House in Florida.) The service was decent (although it was a slow night), and maybe I'd come back for apps during the spring or summertime when the windows are open and there's a fresh breeze passing by.  But I wouldn't go out of my way.
4	Solid place for a couple beers and some food on a Saturday afternoon. Always have sports on and the staff is very friendly. Great on warm days when the doors/windows are open.
1	I haven't been there since it was in the old house down the road.  It used to be a cool place for a quick, decent lunch or Sunday afternoon brunch.  My family and I wanted to find a place with outdoor seating since it was a gorgeous day.  Based on our experience, we won't be going back anytime soon.  First of all, its a bar, so our food expectations were low, but I thought it would at least be as good as it was in the old location.  That, and the fact that 131 Main is right next door so I figured EBB&G had better be on their game.Here's our feedback based on what we had:No drinksFried Pickles: Thin, heavily salted and battered, greasy, and over-cooked (soggy and limp.) Fish Tacos: Standard flour tortilla with a dab of thousand island, lettuce, tomatoes, and what has got to be the smallest chunk of fried fish I'd ever seen. Nary a nugget of fish in each taco. Heavily battered and fried dry as a bone. Big mistake.Sweet potato fries: Tasted good but under-cooked & soggy.California style turkey burger: My son thought it was great actually. The best thing at the table.Cobb Salad:  Large with lots of iceberg lettuce.  Decent.The service was average.  Our server was fairly attentive but didn't really seem to give a rat's whether we were actually pleased with our food. She was kind of going through the motions. Summary: It's a bar.  Best for drinks and burgers.  If you're sober and hungry, think twice.
3	Outdoor patio is nice.Food is standard fare. Great for families with little kids.Staff is friendly.
4	I had the pleasure of dining at East Boulevard Bar & Grill recently for lunch. This place is quite nostalgic for me even though it is now located a few blocks west of the old location on East in Latta Pavillion. As a kid my dad and I used to dine here with some frequency and I remember the salads, the round fries and the tuna melt - all still available. Lucky for me the Grill is even closer to my house! I also love that the new location allows the front windows to be raised, opening the restaurant up to the street, which is perfect for people watching and an urban touch not seen enough in Charlotte. Definitely a great place to have a beer and watch a game, too.The menu includes lots of great appetizers (think nachos, wings and quesadillas among other items) sandwich options including the popular oven roasted grinders, a French dip and a Reuben, burgers and salads. The below fish tacos are another option. Entrees, including fried shrimp, grilled or blackened fish, pot pie and fish and chips are also available. If you haven't tried East Boulevard Bar & Grill you definitely should! I look forward to returning soon to try more menu items.
4	We've always had good food and service here. I especially love the black bean burger California style.
4	One of the problems I have with Yelp is that if one was to base their dining choices solely off it, they'd miss out on great places like East Blvd.Some of the best bar and grill food in Charlotte. The mozzarella sticks, quesedillas, nachos, black bean burger, and home fries are particularly good.Plus, if you come a couple times you'll start being treated like family.
4	First off, I have to say that I love, love, LOVED the fries! Creative, plentiful, and fun. I just love when a place takes something as commonplace as french fries and throws a twist on them. I will go back just to munch on little circle fries.  Now, I have to say that the entire block lost power several minutes after we received our drinks. However, that did not stop them from offering us hot food, cold drinks, and prompt service. The service was better in the middle of a lightning storm with the power out than I've received at many other bars around Charlotte on a regular night - so, needless to say, we were impressed! Good job, East Blvd Bar and Grill! We will definitely be back.
4	East Blvd. Bar & Grill is a great place for an easy, casual meal. I've been there a few times, and while the food is never OUTSTANDING, I think it's consistent and reliable. Some faves:The windows open all the way, so if you sit at a window and they open them, it's like you're sitting outside but without the direct sun. Perfect compromise if half of your group wants outside and the other half in.Chicken cheesesteak *on a wrap* is delish. Some say it's the best in Charlotte...!Solid salads, great portions.The new menu (?) has a wide variety of delicious burgers.
3	Overall, it's a great spot for a drink or two. We sat at the bar and ordered a few cocktails, which were great. The bar staff was attentive and made a few cocktails based on our creative ideas. Unfortunately the food was mediocre. I will be back for a drink, but will enjoy appetizers and dinner elsewhere.
4	OK people... this is basically the closest thing to "Cheers" (God did I just date myself?) that we have in Charlotte.  From the days of olde when it was down the street in that old white house, this place has been a staple for beers and well done bar food.  Note that last sentence... this is a BAR folks... nothing irritates me more than folks who go to these joints and then berate the quality of the steak or the fresh fish of the day and give a bad rating.  OK so go that off my chest.  This place is perfectly casual and fun and a great place to pick up a game or just have a low key bite and beers.  It is also home to what is arguably the best bruger in Charlotte - at least that is the designation this place has in our household.  If its not the best burger in town it's TOP THREE.  The pretzel buns and the quality of the meat are great, you can be creative with toppings - within reason - and the round fries are awesome (even though I now do sweet fries just to be healthier).  I even branched out and had the blackened fish tacos a few weeks back and was VERY pleased and will work that into the rotation going forward.  If you see a guy sititng on a stack of beer cases at the end of the Bar, say hello... it's likely the guy who owns the joint and he is good people.  Eat up!
1	The food was terrible and the place was seemingly unclean. Moreover, our waitress was clueless when asked about food suggestions, beers, etc. Will never go here again.
3	Nice chill casual spot for a quick meal or for drinks with your buddies. Came in once to eat and had a cheesesteak, which hit the spot that day. It didn't blow me away, but it was pretty good. Decent size portion and sides. My other visit was primarily for adult beverages. Had a good time. Decent selection and reasonable prices.Service was good. Overall I didn't love it here and it's not my first choice for food or for drinking with friends, but if someone suggested it, I wouldn't be opposed. Not bad.
2	I've been meaning to eat here since I read about the best sandwiches in Charlotte in CLT magazine. Their chicken Philly steak made the list. Unfortunately, the sandwich didn't make my list. At least not a good list. Not sure who assembles these lists of best sandwiches in town, but I've been driving around tasting them all and I have not been impressed by one of them. I had some of my son's French dip, and I have to agree with another yelper. Not good at all. But I will carry on looking for places in CLT I can brag about. Yelp on!
2	Yikes EBBG.... You have a great location, but you gotta work on service a little bit.  We came in to watch the 2013 NFL Season opener.  It seemed a little dead and we had a pregnant friend with us watching the game and she didn't feel like sitting in the bar area.  We ended up in the dining area, but the TV's (though being plentiful) are in weird positions so only one side of the table could get a good view.  We ended up pulling a table over to a booth to make our own "bar" and the wait staff didn't seem to like that (even though they weren't that busy).  We decided to keep the setup until it got busy and needed the table.I felt bad because we had just came from the Greek Festival so we were mainly there to drink and watch the game, but I guess since we were in the dining area, our server assumed we were going to eat.  This was totally our fault, but I ordered some wings, and they were decent enough.  I did notice the booth behind us didn't get food for like an hour... so there may be something going on with the kitchen as far as timing, but I'm surprised the folks in that booth didn't walk out (especially since all the other booths were empty!).The game was delayed by lightning/sever weather so we didn't really get to see much of it, and then when we asked for our checks, it took forever to get them even though the placed had picked up with customers but I don't know what the deal with our server was or if we had pissed him off by not ordering food/moving the table.  It just wasn't a pleasant experience.
4	Went for lunch last weekService was goodFood was goodI had a Reuben sandwichFriend had fish and chipsReuben was very tasty with good potato saladFish and chips had a slab of fish!!!We will be back
5	Kale salad is super fresh and awesome with the homemade dressing here.  Everything is much better than you'd expect it to be - from fries to chicken tenders to tacos!
4	Went for dinner- decent crowd but didn't have to wait. Husband had the French Dip sandwich, I had the Pesto Chicken Wrap. Both meals were awesome, except the pickles were left on the side... If you hate pickles you understand the horror. Great service, nice place to watch a game.
1	We tried to go to Bakersfield, but they weren't open. We were starving so just walked down to this place.  Honestly I don't know why we stayed after seeing how filthy it was.  Carpeted floor, chairs and booths covered in stains, fries, other food items on the floor, the paper coasters on our table were soaked from the previous patron's drink.  Anywho, I ordered a salad with grilled chicken, Huz had fish tacos.  Nothing was wrong with the food but I couldn't get past the dirtiness. Our waitress was nice enough but her jeans and shirt matched the place in cleanliness.  In hindsight, maybe that was a prerequisite.  I noticed another waitress wearing  what looked like a men's large shirt when she probably should have worn a women's small. Which is fine but she kept sticking her hands up her shirt and pulling and twisting it, then serving food. Um, yuck.  Cross this place off my list.
1	YUCK!! I came here with 4 other people and everyone thought their food was awful! Chicken is like rubber, hummus has no flavor and how can you mess up chicken fingers?? Food was so bad we didn't even want to take a to-go box. Don't waste your money!
4	Great turkey burger, one of the best!
3	Good Neighborhood Bar.  Food is averageDropped by with my wife for lunch one Saturday.  It's a nice place but it's obvious that this is more of a bar than a restaurant by the decor. Lunchtime crowd is very sparse.Service is very good and the servers are attentive.  I ordered a Reuben while my wife ordered Phlly Spring Rolls and Potato Cakes.  The Reuben was fair and would have been better if the sauerkraut had been drained so that the whole sandwich is not soggy.  Wife enjoyed her Spring Rolls but the pleasant surprise was the Potato Cakes.  Excellent and far superior to anything I was expecting or could have hoped forAll in all, the food was fair but not to the point that I would make a point of making this a destination.  If I'm in the neighborhood again, particulary at dinner time, will try them again.
3	We are new to Charlotte and two Sundays ago wanted to find a good place to watch football. We stumbled upon East Blvd Bar and Grill. We had an amazing female bartender that was all smiles and very personable. She happily put a game we wanted on a side TV for us and talked to us throughout the afternoon. I watched her make bloody mary after bloody mary, answer the phone, and manage to socialize with her customers. She was the epitome of a good bartender. The food was great, as well. This morning we both had wings and football on the brain and East Blvd is where we wanted to go. It wasn't busy when we walked in, 30 mins prior the game. The bartender didn't even greet us, but merely set a menu in front of us and said, "What can I get you?" Sure, I guess everyone isn't as personable as the last...but he just seemed as if everyone was a nuisance and an inconvenience. He acted as if he was swamped, and when we asked for a game on a side tv, he coldly said it would be a bit. At one point, a customer was joking about the phones ringing off the hook, and he fired back " Would you rather I answer the phone or pour your beer?" Never cracked a smile, couldn't even muster a "you're welcome" following a customer's thank you...I mean, why be a bartender? Every single patron at the bar noticed his poor attitude. I am not writing this with the intention of trying to get anyone fired, and I have only ever written a review on yelp one other time, and it was a good one. But come on! The energy at a bar on football Sunday should be high. I shouldn't feel afraid to ask a question about the menu. On the contrary, he was attentive and I always had a drink in front of me. But personality as a bartender is a key quality. This gentleman did not display this quality in the least. I truly hope he was just having a bad day because we enjoy that location very much, however I can think of plenty of other places with nicer bartenders.
3	This has always been a great local stop for a cold beer and sandwich but when I walked in to see a 92% sanitation grade displayed on the wall, it gave me pause. The service here is always quick and friendly and the food is usually tasty. This trip however, not so much. The wings looked an tasted like they came out of the freezer and prepared hours before and the onion rings were tasteless. Everyone has an off night and this time it disappointed. I like this place but with a block of new restaurants coming in all the time, if you want to compete in this ever changing market, you better step up your game.
2	The food at East Boulevard Bar & Grille, or is it Frank's? Or is it Frank's East Boulevard Bar & Grille? No matter. The food is pretty average. It's also pretty inconsistent. Both, just like the name.Wings are the staple of any sports bar. The wings at East Blvd are okay, just okay. They're not quite cooked as much as I like and at times they're on the verge of being under-cooked. Steer clear of the philly cheesesteak eggrolls or whatever the hell they're called. One of my friends ordered them and said they were unpleasant. Common sense always impels me to avoid such culinary abortions.I think I've had a sandwich here and that's about as memorable as that was. The french fries are these flat round circles. They're good, but not amazing like others claim. People are such suckers for gimmicks. There's something I find off putting about the atmosphere. I can't put my finger on it. There's just no personality to it and yes, the televisions are in awkward places. Also, never been a big fan of carpet in restaurants. Food get smushed in it and it's just not a good look.The service is also hit or miss. Some of the waitstaff here is really pleasant. Some of the waitstaff here will completely forget about your table. And there is one waiter here looks like he's sucking a lemon all the time and might take it out the customer (me) in passive aggressive ways. Such as: being a dick or simply ignoring that I'm even at the table when ordering. At least make sure I give you a reason to be a jerk to me.Unfortunately, I have one (1) friend who thinks this place is great, I end up going here more often than I'd like, even though Lebowski's across the street is superior in food quality, atmosphere & service.At the end of the day, this is a much less cool Icehouse with only slightly better food and service and far fewer strumpets.
