1	This place is a nightmare. The music is too loud, the drinks are expensive and the bar stuff is rude. After an evening out we ended up with a $36 tab for 1 PBR and 4 shots and this was after the very rude bar tender gave us the wrong tab entirely and returned us the wrong credit card. There were two disk jockeys playing over each other and it was house music, not what you'd expect when you go to a lounge. I will never set foot in there again.
2	I have to agree with the others that this place kind of sucks.  Reading one of the reviews is an attack on a client concretes the fact that the event coordinators are unprofessional.  I guess if you were throwing your own event it could be cool depending on how much it costs to rent the place out, but I would definitely look at other places as well.I went to see a couple bands there one night.  They were great but the sound wasn't really tailored for bands I guess as it kind seemed to bounce off the walls.The bartender wasn't quite as rude as the other reviews insinuate but she wasn't necessarily friendly either.Its dark inside and nothing special.
4	A Great Place to Have a PartyThis past weekend I had a surprise Birthday party for my girlfriend at the Volume Lounge.  Honestly, this place was great.  The staff was very helpful,friendly and accommodating throughout the process of planning this party and the party itself.  I had around 60 people in total show up for the party and the Volume Lounge definitely had ample space.  The VL also had up to date DJ equipment so it was very easy to run the equipment and play music.  Also if you are tight on money and a DJ is not an option, the setup is very user friendly.  My friends and I had a blast at the Volume Lounge and have talked about getting together once or twice a year just to have a party there for everyone to catch up.  The drinks are well priced, and it is a place with no judgement.  So if you wear a suit or a hoodie and boots you will be welcomed.   If you are ever thinking about having a party for something........ Think about the Volume Lounge as you will not regret it.One Extremely Satisfied Customer,JG
2	Been to this place a few times.  Have yet to see it crowded.  But the music was great!!  Since I went because my man and his friends were playing.  It's a nice venue just needs more people!!
4	I hate to see all of the negative reviews about the lounge, but my experience was very positive. The event coordinator "Suzanne" worked wonders with the space. I booked the lounge for a 40th birthday party for my wife and Suzanne put up all of the decorations for me and  had the space very clean by the time I got there. The food is good if you like the food that the Peculiar Rabbit serves, obviously if you don't like the Peculiar Rabbit then you shouldn't book the space. It was a great experience for the price I paid. My only complaint would be the price of the open bar, but Suzanne let me order enough individual bottles of wine an beer to serve all of my quest at a reasonable price. I would definitely use this space again for a party.
5	We held a celebration of life ceremony at Volume Lounge and it could not have been a smoother event. The staff was friendly. We asked for an assortment of appetizers which were sent over from The Peculiar Rabbit which is behind the lounge. The apps were varied and yummy.
