2	This gas station seems to always be changing its signs... It used to be a Texaco, but now it's a Kangaroo.  It get's a lot of traffic since it's off Independence, but it is the closest gas/service station to my house.  I recently went here to pick up some double A batteries, but was a little disappointed since the lines were crazy and the store seemed unorganized.  Maybe they were still re-configuring the store or something, but I finally just asked for the batteries (which were behind the counter) and they were Kangaroo label batteries too!I've never really had any issue with getting gas here, but it can get a little crowded at times.I'll update my review as I see it since they haven't been a "Kangaroo" for a while, but for now... I will probably look for a better convenience service center or just stick with getting my batteries in the regular places for now.
2	Gas seems to be a few cents cheaper here than nearby Indepedence gas stations.  If you can, avoid this place at night.  Its located at the intersection of Village Lake Dr., which is a high-crime area.
3	This station has been through several brand changes in the years since I've lived in Charlotte.  I can think of Citgo and Texaco just off the top of my head.  I know it was something prior to Citgo, but what it was is not coming to me.  Probably Kangaroo express.Whatever the case, they are well-located for those coming from the uptown area headed towards Matthews/Mint Hill.  Very easy to pull right in, and only slightly more difficult to pull back out, as traffic can get heavy.  Talk about pumps - they have a ton of them.  As has been mentioned, however, even with all those pumps, they can actually get full at times.If that happens, just pull into line, because someone will surely be moving before long.  When you get finished, you can even pick up a bite in the convenience store, pull around for a car wash or stop by the ABC store for a drink.  You might need it prior to pulling back onto Independence.  Just imagine - it will get worse when the change to a freeway gets down that far.  The good news is that you probably have twenty years before that happens.
