4	Came in with no appointment on a Monday afternoon. I was seen in about 10 minutes with no problems. The staff was very friendly and the wait was very short once I was in the room. Very clean and I will definitely skip the urgent care and go here. Very convenient hours and I was happy to see they are open on weekends as well.
1	Worst place ever. Sat in the office for 2 hours for my annual physical and the doctor had me reschedule it.
5	I had a pretty fantastic experience at My Dr. Now. I have had some PRETTY horrible luck with doctors in my past and present, so I was pleasantly surprised with how my appointment went.I was well taken care of by a nurse of sorts and then placed in a room, with a minimal wait, and my doctor was FABULOUS! I will most definitely be returning, because of the proximity to my home, and how well this appointment went. :)
5	I absolutely love this office and am so glad it's super close to my house.  I have seen Dr. Trinidad twice now and he is very personable and has a great bed side manner.  He's genuinely caring and very easy to talk to.  Lisette is a great tech/nurse.  She is very easy going and if you have had a hard time with people poking you several times, trying to find a good vein, you don't have to worry about this with her.  She's excellent, takes her time, and puts you at ease.
1	Its convenient since its near my house but to wait an hour to for the  the doctor to arrive is the worst thing ever.Iam reconsidering coming back in here. Not only i waited for 1 hour-_-, i also arrived 30 minutes before my time..oh btw iam still waiting.I will update what will happen in this horrible experience.
5	I've bee to this location three times, the most recent visit was earlier this morning.  I think they have good service, they got me and my daughter in fairly quickly.  The doctor was nice, we both got antibiotics.  Clean place, new.  Overall I would recommend.
1	Woooooooooow...Oh how they have fallen. After writing a 5 star review, it is almost unfathomable to believe a place can go from a 5 star to a 1 star in 5 months, but somehow they've achieved it.  This doctors office MUST be attempting to steer people away by their blatant disregard for timeliness. How bad are they you ask?4 HOURS LATE FOR MY APPOINTMENT, LATE!!!!!Yes, you read right. I had a 2pm appointment on a Monday 2 weeks ago, and did not see the doctor until 6 PM!!!As someone who becomes furious at being made to wait even a half hour after an appointment, you can imagine my anger, but somehow I still maintained my decorum. I had pinched a nerve in my back AND sprained my ankle and wanted X-rays, MRI's, and meds for both to make sure I had not done MAJOR damage.  I made an appointment the previous week to avoid this.If I had been working that day, you had BETTER believe I would have sent the office a bill for what I charge hourly.  Because they can sure as hell can't think that they can make ANYONE with an appointment late.  What if I was paid hourly to feed a family of 10, and worked 3 jobs??? This place COULD NOT CARE LESS.When I finally saw Dr. Trinidad, he was haggard, curt and disinterested.  He wanted to X-ray me but didn't want to spend time ordering an MRI, which is what I ultimately needed. He X-rayed me, threw drugs and me, and without a goodbye, had a "nurse"(?) walk me out.  It's hard to believe that this is the same place I had such pristine service from back in March, but they have declined, IMMENSELY.I will NEVER be returning, and have already found a new family practice outside of the Laveen "black hole" of Doctors.P.S. This place had 3 stars with my previous 5 star review, and I wonder what it will drop down to now???
1	NOT AN URGENT CARE.  Appointments mean nothing in this place. You will be seen an hour to maybe 2 later than your appointment with an empty waiting room. If you don't feel well, they won't rush to see you, they'll send you to the ER. even to when they're open and you have an appointment.  The doctors don't really check you, they just prescribe away. I've come here with a stomach pain and they didn't even check me...saw the doctor maybe 2 seconds to tell her I was in pain. She prescribed pain killers...later that night had to go to the ER. . Pain continued...This has not happened once or twice it's been several times...These people are all about drugging you. And that's it.Word of advice,  find real doctors and not these charlatans that are in cahoots with the pharmaceutical companies.We're all science experiments here.
1	My first visit was a mess. I was scheduled for an exam for something I did not need. After waiting an hour, they finally figured out I just needed an annual check up. Fast forward 3 days. I got a call Friday afternoon stating the Dr. wanted to see me for test results. They made an appointment for Thursday at 845. Here is is Thursday and they say I have no appointment. So they stick me in a room now 9:40 and still no Dr. No apologies for screwing up. Just shut up, sit and wait. This will be my VERY last visit! These people must be affiliated with the VA!!!
5	If you are in the area and are in need of an urgent care doctor My DR Now is the place to go! The staff are very friendly and helpful! As far as any doctors visit can go, I enjoyed my experience here. Definitely recommended!!
