5	The office staff is super accommodating, and Dr. Davis is truly a fantastic optometrist. Honest and very good-natured, I am usually in and out of his office within an hour for my yearly checkup.  Bonus for the trial contacts he gives me to try out and get back to him which ones I like best. His prices are very affordable, as well.  Compared to my last optometrist who didn't know who I was after 12 years and was outrageously expensive, Dr. Davis is truly a godsend.
4	Been going to Dr. Davis for years it's like home, mind you I only see him 1 once a year or two and he has remembered everything since I was in grade school! He's an amazing doctor , easy to talk to . Never to have to wait for my appointment or him. His staff is awesome and knows their  stuff! Catch them at a good time of the year and they have great frames. Great family doctor
5	Dr. Davis is amazing! He has all the current technology and gives a great eye exam. The best part was that I was able to get a great pair of frames from his office that was 100% covered by my insurance (VSP). All my co-workers are amazed that I found an office where I could get a pair of glasses that was 100% covered. Apparently other eye docs up-sell and up-sell. I would definately reccomend Dr. Davis and his office!
5	Great Optometrist!  My daughters first visit was awesome. The staff really took their time w/ her & the Dr Davis spent extra time w/ her as well. She just got her contacts & the staff were really accommodating!
1	After a positive experience with Dr. Davis and his office, I brought my expensive Calvin Klein sunglasses in to get a new set of lenses. When I got them back, the lenses didn't seem right. I asked the optician to look at them and she did something with the right arm and she broke it! Her attitude was, you signed a release and your screwed! We're not responsible even though the glasses broke when she was working with them. I was very upset with the lack of s caring attitude and hiding behind a release form. I am left with the opinion that once they get their money from VSP, game over. I had to take my broken sunglasses to a frame repair place and pay $65 cash to get them fixed. VSP did reimburse the $65 to me because they do care about their customers, unlike Dr. Davis and his staff. The take away from this experience is that Dr. Davis is a good eye doctor but his business practices leave a bit to be desired! Definitely do not use his office to get new lenses on your exiting frames. He will not stand by them if anything happens! Unfortunately in today's world, good customer service is hard to find. It's all about the $$$ and not the customer.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Davis for over 10 years and my family loves him. He is so friendly and explains everything as he's doing it, which is great for my kids. Would recommend him to anyone!
