5	I went to see Dr Cherkuri for an initial visit. I found him to be knowledgeable and empathetic. They looked busy but not rushed. The staff was overall very friendly and seemed to want genuinely talk to you. Overall it was a good experience.
5	I have never needed to go to a heart specialist before, but all I can say is that i'm VERY impressed with the warmth I have received by the staff and doctors here, especially considering how busy they are.  The waiting room may be packed, but you still receive a friendly smile, and you still see your doctor at the scheduled time.  I needed an Echo done of my heart, and all the staff were very personable, and down to earth.  Dr. Cherukuri was my specialist, and I have not met a doctor who was so humble and kind in a VERY LONG time.  I recommend this place to anyone.
5	Outstanding team of cardiologists here at Biltmore Cardiology! I had been experiencing some intense chest/breast pain out of nowhere. You know, just sitting on your couch, laying in bed, sitting at your desk.Pretty scary when you're a youngin like me. Heck, anyone of any age, but you get the idea.My Mom has fibrocystic breast condition (easily managed when you dial back on your caffeine consumption or eliminate it all together, no fun), and told me to hit up my OB GYN to make sure there weren't any suspicious lumps. Well, clearly a mother always knows what's up. OB GYN was almost positive the chest pain I was experiencing was related to that amazeballs fibrocystic breast condition (aww, thanks for sharing, Mom). But, as an elite level athlete, she didn't want to take any chances. Out of the office with a referral in hand to Biltmore Cardiology. Boo ... But better safe than sorry. Saw Dr. Akil Loli and Dr. Harris on my first visit. Teenage like blood pressure, normal EKG, heart sounded great. He also said some of my chest pain could be related to all the torso twisting involved with hammer throw. Caring, compassionate, respectful specialist, and very easy to talk to. He gets major points for knowing what my sport is. Usually I have to explain it as Track and Field / Hammer throwing isn't too popular in the United States.Dr. Loli still wanted to go forth with an echocardiogram and stress test because of my lifestyle. Nothing like only making it to Stage 6/7 on the treadmill to make you feel like a fat athlete, no?! Front desk ladies and the testing team were stellar! Had Dr. Loli's partner, Dr. Gordon (retired, but occasionally covers for the practice) review my results. Clean as a whistle. What a relief!I hope I never have the need to see a cardiologist again. But if I do, I know I'm in good hands with anyone here. Highly recommended.
3	Revised review: I posted the original review (and the picture of the inept front desk staff) from the waiting room. The woman who performed my echocardiogram (Wendy) immediately apologized and promised to address my issue. That made me feel better. I had kind of forgotten how much I liked Dr. Loli until I saw him after the test. He promised me that the issue would be handled.  I believe him.  My point was and is that patients are people. Some of us can sit in a waiting room all day, some of us can't.  Front desk staff clearly knew the technician was running behind, but no one told the patient. If I had that information up front, I would have been far less irritated. The original review:  The office staff are totally inept.  If the testing person is running 30 minutes behind, why not tell the patient instead of letting him fume about the wasted time spent in the waiting room?  The response of the front desk staff?  "I wasn't the one to check you in."  You can be assured I will find a new cardiologist immediately. (That last sentence is no longer true.)
