4	Went to the grand opening. There was a balloon artist and some five sways. I didn't experience either but the building and interior both, are beautiful. The staff are friendly but it's obvious they are new at the fast food game. I'm excited that this McDonalds opened. It's so close to home and its my new morning drink shop. Only had breakfast so far... Gonna stop in for dinner soon.
1	Super super slow. Expect a 15 minute wait in the drive through and about 50% if the time the food is cold or old.
1	I've given this location a try twice. They screwed up both orders, once giving us a happy meal with an empty box where the nuggets should have been.Skip it.
1	Can't believe I can't give zero stars on Yelp! The unhealthy menu and disruptive drive-thru are enough to justify my review. Eat local before stooping to this slop. Healthy choices abound in Scottsdale. Search them out and lose McD's.
1	Beware of Sam the order taker! She will laugh at you for ordering too much food! Today, we are moving lots of furniture. There is a big group of us, we are hungry & Mcdonalds seems easy,  fast and efficient.. Right?? No no no!It's was my job to grab lunch for the group. I came up  to the drive thru, and Ordered 6 mcdoubles.. The order taker Sam's reply is "wow 6 mcdoubles, that's a lot of mcdoubles" ( laughing ) Me : "yes 6"Sam: "you must be so hungry for 6 mcdoubles, wow!! ) still laughing) Me: "well yah I'm 400 pounds, of course I want all this food"Then I ordered more to the order, because that's what my group requested.My friend & I were in shock! We could not believe a fast food order taker could be so condescending and rude!! I requested to talk to a manager and I had told her what happened. She was very apologetic, which I understand it's not her fault her staff are rude kids. I told her she needed to get my order and I was not going to go up to the next window because I would go off on Sam. As I was waiting, the window staff member asked me to move to the next window. I told him no, I was waiting for the manager and I would not move till I got my order. He rolled his eyes. He was a stocky rude boy. The manager  came back out with our "HUGE" order and apologized again and gave me a punch card for a free value meal.I told her it wasn't her fault but she does need to get a grip on her rude staff.McDonald's , this is not how we know you. I'm still utterly disgusted with the service I received today. I will NEVER be back at this location again and I will be writing corporate. Advice : Go to Indian school & Hayden location, they are friendly fast and not rude.  They don't care how much or how little you order!
1	Finally the secret of Mcdonalds chicken is out! It's not chicken at all, it's Mogwai and it will turn into Gremlins after midnight! That's the only logical reason for not serving Chicken after Midnight that i can think of.  WTF?!?
