5	Newly opened Korean restaurant in the chandler area! Food was great and came out quickly. The staff was friendly. They also serve sushi!
5	Best Korean food in AZ. I've been waiting for a restaurant worthy of the East Valley Korean title belt; hodori and chodang always fell a bit short. GOGI has finally satisfied my need!I went with a group of friends last night and we had the soon tofu, haemul pajun, bulgogi, assorted caviar stone rice bowl, and bibim nengmyun (buckwheat noodles). We also had the sushi which was all very fresh. The food was all great. And the unlimited sides were all yummy too.I would definitely recommend this place and be coming as a regular.
4	Came here for lunch today, feasted like a beast, and I was pretty much rolled out... towards a few doors away for some gelato as dessert.  Don't judge me.After escaping the near 100-degrees that makes up an Arizona April day, we were promptly sat down in an intimate booth.  The atmosphere was very simplistic and classy.  We were given a menu for Korean and a sushi list on the side.  After observing an impressive selection, we ordered tako su, soft shell crab, and two stone rice bowls [fresh water eel and caviar].  Had I known my lunch date wanted a stone bowl, I would've chosen something else so we can try more items.  Don't you hate it when that happens?The tako su appetizer consisted of five piece of steamed octopus tentacles dressed in lots of Japanese vinegar.  It was a pretty toothsome little piece of octopus and wasn't anything spectacular. I don't really recommend it.Soft shell crab appetizer was pretty standard.  It's not exactly San Francisco where they fry the whole blue crab with legs and all.  I'm sure the legs were used for spider rolls so you really just get the body of the crab.  Once again, nothing spectacular and wouldn't order it again.The hot stone rice bowls though, that's love.  They actually serve it in the stone rice bowls!  A lot of places around the valley gets away with serving their rice bowls in metal bowls but this place has your rice, veggies, goodies, and egg on the stone bowl.  It was sizzling and crackling for a long while.  This thing is hot!  For $16, I would come back for the rice bowl alone.  Note:  the advertised caviar was really just smelt roe they use in sushi.  Overall I had a great and filling lunch.  Service was fast and friendly, food was decent, and I will totally be back to try their actual lunches.  Our total bill was $52.  Not bad for two appetizers and two entrees!
2	good foods but the service is very slow.  They basically forget to take your order unless you call for their attention or else you'll never get your order.
4	*Edited 12/15/2014*-New review-Went back for some gogi, yup. +1 star. :D-Old review-Any new Korean restaurant in the valley is welcome and always a good sign of the growing community!My g/f and I got there a little later than our usual dinner time, but was glad that they were open until 10pm (which is always good). I've noticed a trend that the Korean restaurants in the west valley are generally open until 11pm or even later, while the east valley restaurants close no later than 10pm. The first thing I noticed was the classy decor of the restaurant, but was a little perplexed of the "no-grill in the table". Perhaps they bring out a mini-burner like Hodori? With the restaurant named "meat" I would assume that is their specialty, but I will save that for another visit as I did not see any people with the burner - please keep in mind it was 9pm so I wasn't expecting the restaurant to be packed.Anyways, I ordered the mae-un-tang (spicy fish stew) and my g/f ordered the kimchi tofu soup. The side dishes came out very quickly and we were served kimchi, radish kimchi, pickled radish slices, bean sprouts, spinach, and fish cake stir fry. The radish kimchi was a little bland for my liking but the rest were pretty good.The tofu soup was the first dish to make it out - while it had decent flavor, it didn't really compare to some of the tofu-specialty restaurants in the valley - but that's okay, we really didn't expect "blow my mind" tofu soup since the restaurant's name was Gogi (meat). My spicy fish stew came out not long afterwards and was served in a traditional shallow and wide pot. Glad I ordered that - it was pretty delicious. The whitefish was nice and soft and had all of the fixings that it should have had.Service was pretty good overall~ I'd definitely like to come back and try the meat dishes!
5	Amazing sushi, amazing service! Can't wait to come back and try the other delicious items on the menu. :)
5	This is an excellent restaurant! Great atmosphere and service. We ordered one of their sushi combos and sashimi, and it was the best we've had in the valley! The sashimi practically melted in your mouth. I definitely recommend this great new restaurant; I know I'm definitely coming back.
5	Great new Korean restaurant in the East Valley.  Went here for the first time with some foodie friends last night.  Nice clean atmosphere with the usual Korean and Sushi menu.  We wanted to try just the Korean dishes so we could compare.1. Korean Omelet Appetizer: If you like egg dishes then this is a must try.  Cooked perfectly (little wet - the way I like it) and flavor was fresh and was seasoned just right.2. Fresh Water Eel Hot Stone Rice Bowl: Generous portion of one of my favorite dishes.  Rice and vegetables were perfectly balance and the sauce was superb.  The sunny side egg and eel on top was great.  Stir together with your preferred qty of sauce at the table and you will not be disappointed.3. Galbi: great flavoring and cut.  Only complaint was I wished there was more.4. Spicy Beef Stew:  Good balance of hotness and flavor.  My favorite part of our visit was the service.  The three girls that took our order and served our table were all extremely friendly and sincerely wanted to make our dinner memorable and enjoyable.  Our water glasses were never empty and the sides and rice were always continually offered.  Even one of our friends arrived late at closing time and they made him feel welcomed and brought him plenty rice and sides as he joined us.Will definitely be back!
2	I have been wanting to try this place for a really long time and I can say its Meh.  I was so excited but sadly disappointed.  First of all they don't have fountain drinks so  our drinks were from a can or plastic bottle. We  got the spicy pork (lunch) for $9.99, it was bland, lettuce wrap $5.99 but didn't get the chilli peppers, and 2 spicy tuna rolls. At first our waitress only put in for 1 order so we had to wait. The rolls were big and fat for $4.50 and worth the price. I love it when the tuna is still cold and the rice is slightly warm. That's the only thing that save Gogi from 1 star.  The spicy tuna was the BEST thing here.  I would ONLY come back for that.
4	Came here last night and had a great time!  Food was definitely very good.  tried a spicy tuna roll, Korean omelette, soon tofu combos for my wife and I, one with Kalbi and the other with bibimbap .   loved the flavor on everything and a great value for a Korean restaurant here in the valley!  so glad to see an option  outside of the few that are out there.  :)  Will be back!
3	This place was nice and clean. The service was great, friendly, smiling all the time, and I wasn't wait too long for 2 meals.I can't tell much about the taste since this is my first time to eat here. I will update the review later. I ate fish roe soup tofu spicy, something like that, which I thought it was OK.The other order was beef soup bulgogi, that one of great but sweet.The price for lunch around $9.00-ish per portion so I guess it's average but not consider cheap lunch..:). The banchan kimchi, I like the most so far.I will go back definitely :).
5	Finally a great Korean fix! Spicy kimchi always hits the spot :)I ordered the chicken bulgogi and it was accompanied by small veggie side dishes. The portions are good sized, the food is very flavorful and the service was welcoming and very nice.I am sure to be a regular here. :)
4	The hot stone bowls are a behemoth of a meal, and so very tasty! You get your choice of meat/veggie/tofu, and the bowl is loaded with rice, veggies, and aforementioned protein. Since it is served in the hot stone, the rice on the bottom caramelizes and has a nice crispy texture.We shared a lot of different dishes on our visit here. In addition to the hot stone bowl, we got the omelet appetizer, buckwheat noodle with sashimi, beef bulgolgi, and tofu salad. The omelet appetizer was a large roll of egg and veggies, good but nothing too special. The buckwheat noodle was served cold, in a more al dente texture, covered with spicy red sauce. While I enjoyed the noodles, a sashimi piece I ate had some cartilage or gristle on it, and the dish was so overwhelmingly covered with sauce that it tended to overpower the rest of the ingredients.The beef bulgolgi was good, but it seemed like a smaller portion that what I'm used to (Or maybe it looked small due to the huge size of the hot stone bowl). The tofu salad was excellent. It had a delicate taste from the silky firm tofu slices, drizzled with a tangy, lightly sweet dressing, with fresh greens.Service was excellent and the waitress was very cheerful and friendly.
1	Horrible service.  My family went for dinner and sat there for 20 minutes and no one bothered to take our order. They should just put "Korean only" and not let anyone else in.
5	I lived in Korea for two years. The food and atmosphere resembles that of what I experienced in Seoul. The chefs and servers are all so friendly, and whenever I go in we chat for a bit and talk about Korea. Come here for an authentic Korean restaurant experience!
5	Service A+, decor very nice, Bul Gogi and side dishes = Phenomenal.Can't wait to go back. These guys know how to put out top quality Bul-Gogi! Super fresh rib-eye beef.  What a treat to have them open up a few months ago, truthfully the best Korean Food in Arizona, look no further, you will not be disappointed!
4	We always try to find new places to eat and we weren't disappointed!  Their side dishes were extremely good (especially their kimchi) and we enjoyed our main dishes as well!  Will be coming here again!
4	Great Korean restaurant .. My first time we got seated very quick.. Good services and great food.. High quality sashimis .. Can't go wrong with sashimi tartar
3	Pretty average for Korean. The service is not very good it's pretty hard to get your water refill. The bulgogi was definitely dry, overcook. The spicy pork was very good.Overall if you want Great Korean this is not it. Look to a place like Chodang.
4	Finally tried this place...  pretty good,  n abput same flavors as chodang... then we got the tempura combo..  wow.  one of the best tempura i have had...
5	The hot stone rice dishes are probably the best around town!
5	I just came here for the first time and I was not let down! Our waitress was the sweetest girl and the service was great! I got a refill every time my glass was halfway empty. I ordered the Hot Stone Bibimbap with Bulgogi and I must say I was impressed. That last time I had hot stone that good was in K-town in California! My meat was very tender and the side dishes were great! My sister and my friend also ordered their Soon Tofu and it was so full of flavor! If you decide to order Bibimbap then make sure you come hungry! The portions are very large. This place definitely hits the spot and the customer service was great!
1	Worst place for korean food. I've tired many restaurants and some may not be that good but at least they are not bad. But this is seriously the worse i've had. The spicy soup I ordered had no taste and barely any soup on there. And the whole bottom of the soup are all burnt. So I was eating burnt tofu and fish roe and the whole soup smelled burnt and tasted burnt. The raw spicy crab was okay i guess since idk how its suppose to taste like, but my boyfriend (a korean) said its rlly rlly plain except for being spicy). He ordered a cold noodle and it wasn't okay either. He also ordered surf clam sushi but the clam was not cleaned well, there's black stuff on top of it (it's part of the clam's stomach, but it should be clean for sushi).
4	I was looking for Korean food and wanted to try something other than Chodang and Hodori.  Accidentally stumbled upon this place on yelp and am so happy I did! It's a little farther from my house, but worth the drive.  We had the galbi and seafood soon dubu combo, and the ox knee soup. The seafood in the soon dubu was plentiful and the galbi portion was also very filling. My ox knee soup was a lot larger than I expected, so I didn't have a chance to finish, and it also came with a generous portion of knee cartilage and the sweet/tangy dipping sauce that comes with it. Overall, the quality of the food was great and service was good. Definitely going to be coming back here to try more items off their menu.
4	I was introduced to this restaurant by my Korean friend, being Chinese and loving all types of Asian cuisine, Korean is the least that I've ever tried. I loved it.As we walked in we were greeted and seated right away, waters and drinks were ordered. Service throughout the entire meal was excellent.All the little yummies were served, kimchi, radish kimchi, pickled zuchinni slices, bean sprouts, spinach, and steam egg. I had the Fresh Water Eel Hot Stone Rice Bowl: generous portion of one of now, my favorite dishes.  Rice and vegetables were perfectly balance and the sauce was excellent.The sunny side egg and eel on top was great. We also had the the Soon Tofu Combo with Seafood and Spicy raw crab which was fantastic.I will definitely be back again!
5	Had the Sushi, it was awesome!
1	Their food size is pretty good one . But honestly the dumplings we got were way worse than my home made ones ... Too plain to have it . My order was pork stone rice which was super plain ...totally killed our appetite that night . Hope they can boost their food flavor up.
5	Excellent! Ordered 3 vegetarian dishes, a buckwheat noodle, a rice dish, and a spicy potato noodle. All were great and had generous portions. Very nice service and appetizers as well. Also had a nice selection of saki. Will definitely be back!
5	Exactly what I expect for Korean restaurant. Was told about how good their foods taste. I am satisfied with the choice. The food are just as delicious as my photoshows. It's better to go as a group, so you can share many different dishes. The portion is huge enough for hungry people like me.Stone Rice bowl is HUGE.
4	Mmm love new korean place in the valley :) I love that they have lunch and dinner tofu soup combo! Wish other korean place offer this option as I want soup and one more dish! I had kalbi ( good! Thicker cut meat than some other place) mixed tofu soup ( clam and mussels pretty fresh) and pork lettuce wrap! ( love their side kimuchi wish they'd cut off the cartilage better though) Overall i like this place! Kimchi was much more flavorful than some other place, side dish amount is a lil small but that's okay they give complimentary hot egg dish ! Closer to Vegas/Cali korean place :) tofu soup wasn't deep flavor but very clean and I like that ' will try them again for other yummy stuff! Service was awesome too :)
4	Tried a new place that recently opened up and being adventuresome we tried Korean food. Place is clean,  nicely decorated.  Service was alright, nobody really checked on us which sucks but they are busy and mostly Asian people :)  We ordered Bulgogi which is a sweet Korean BBQ rib eye, very tasty. The shrimp fried rice was very good, it comes with a sunny side egg which was a lil weird but was good, and these two things together are plenty to share.  They also served small side plates with cabbage, tofu, spinach,  bean sprouts and one other thing. We also got a philidephia roll which was excellent,  quite a big larger then other places and the stuff with more salmon and cream cheese.  All in all, place was pretty good however their soda is canned and tasted like a soda that had been in the sun.  They Defintely need soda on a gun. We will be back :)
5	Best Korean food I've ever had in Arizona, especially the Galbi ribs! Great, friendly staff!
4	My mother is Korean, I lived in Korea as a kid, and there wasn't a meal in my house that didn't include rice and kimchi. I feel this makes me a good judge of Korean food. Gogi is delish! The restaurant itself is clean and nice, as well. Their Soondubu is spot on, the Bulgogi is typical, the daejigohi is delicious. Their food is similar to my mom's so I love it!
5	My family and I were trying to find a sushi restaurant around this area...but we couldn't find it. So we decided to try this place out because we all love Korean food anyways, and so glad we did!The food is great, can't go wrong with Korean food. We ordered a seafood pancake, two hot stone bowls, a galbi and tofu soup combo, and a tempura udon.The food was good and we were so stuffed...had way too much food for two people. I could of shared that hot stone bowl with someone. But, that also means korean food again for lunch the next day :)The side dishes were super delicious. Loved the steamed egg in a bowl, the spinach, and the bean sprouts!! Those are always my favorite. I asked for so many refills of those..I felt bad. But that gets me to their service. Our waitress was so nice and attentive, and always had a smile on her face! She didn't mind at all that I kept asking for bean sprouts, and she ended up giving me a to-go box full of them!!! Ahhhhh, that made my night. The entire time we were there, we only saw Koreans dining, or at least Asians, so I think that's a good sign that there's some legit Korean food.
5	Delicious Korean goodness. Great location near Leelees. The ambience is chill, and it's not BBQ smokey like other Korean restaurants (I'm not complaining). Hip joint that plays K-Pop. Pricing is reasonable.
4	Gogi offers two of my favorite Korean dishes, bulgogi and bi bim bap, in one delicious massive stone bowl.   Located in the same shopping center as Lee Lee's, Gogi shares a name with one of my favorite Phoenix Suns basketball players.   Can anyone say marketing opportunity?Offering plenty of space to patrons, Gogi is a fine addition to the Korean food scene here in the Valley of the Sun.
5	This place is unassuming upon entry. The staff is friendly and most importantly, the Korean food is delish! I came with my mother, aunt and uncle - all were born and raised in Korea. We ordered-the seafood pancake-not doughy, plenty of seafood and filling-so good. We also ordered OX knee soup and spicy pork neck potato soup. The names of both of these dishes grossed me out, but I had faith in my mother for ordering.  When the food arrived, it looked good. The taste was even better. This place is the real deal!!I will definitely be back!
4	I liked this restaurant a lot.  The bulgogi is pretty good (though not the best I've had).  The galbi was great.  It's a little expensive, which is the only reason I hold back from giving Gogi 5 stars.
5	I've only had authentic Korean food a couple of times before. I got to say, the food is excellent, the staff is nice, and the overall Korean atmosphere is pleasant topped off with soft korean music. I will definitely be coming back! :D
5	Gogi is a superb stop for amazing and fresh Korean food, excellent service and good atmosphere. Everything is served fresh and in a timely manner. And their kim chi is second to none, You cant go wrong with this place.
5	Wow..this is REALLY good korean food.  As in, we've been making this a weekly habit.  They have great combos so you can get a BBQ meat with your spicy tofu soup.  I also really like their side dishes...I mean, they have Korean pickles...you don't get that at any Korean place..that's mom and pop stuff.
3	I love Korean food, from the entrees to the side dishes. I found Gogi to be average. There weren't a lot of flavors in the bulgogi and kalbi. I found more black pepper than spices in their food, especially the fish cake. They only gave 4 side dishes! Most places I go to have at least 5-6 side dishes. They were out of brown rice too. Won't care to come back unless I'm in the area and really craving for Korean food.
3	Favorite is their tofu soups. Good bulgogi.
5	First time here tonight with the family. Couldn't decide if we wanted Pho or Chinese food and then we spotted this Korean/Sushi restaurant.We are def. coming back! The food was delish! The meat was juicy/tender.I know most restaurants don't give you extra charge for wanting more rice, this restaurant does, but its all good.Randomly our waitress gave us steamed egg soup that we didn't order and said "It's on the house". That's awesome! Thank you!And when we were halfway done with our meal, she gave us another order of the egg steamed soup and said "Since you have a bigger party, we'd like to give you another" which was awesome. Thank you again!The service was good!
2	I really wanted to love this korean restaurant because of the proximity to my house but I had better.  I ordered the kimchi fried rice and i was hoping it was just as delicious as Hodoris but it isn't.  I had four spoonfuls and pushed it off to the side.  I then tried the yuk gae jang which was decent but again not as good as Hodoris or Chodang. My husband ordered Kalbi which he only ate 1/2 of it since it was extremely fatty, so  not worth $20.  We won't be returning.
4	I've been here a couple of times. The food is excellent! If you want good Korean food this is the place to go. The main reason for 4 stars, is that the service is a bit lacking, they are understaffed. When I go, they are usually fairly busy and it's hard for the wait staff to keep up, but if you don't mind waiting a bit longer for waters, sides, etc then it's not a big deal. I always still tip on the high side because I feel bad for the wait staff. It's not really their fault management under staffs the place.In terms of the food, I've gotten their hot-stone rice bowls, soon tofu soups, as well as their main entrees. Those are the three main categories I would say they have on their menu. They also do offer fried rice, which I have not had and can't comment on.The hot-stone rice bowls are always excellent, it's a large amount of food and if you get it with the soon tofu combo you will have enough food to take home! It's a generous portion and the soup is always excellent. I highly recommend this combo for any first timers to get a taste of authentic Korean. It will run between $13-18 dollars for this combo depending on what you get and if it's lunch/dinner.The entrees in my opinion are on the more expensive side. While it's a good amount of meat (and it's mostly meat) I don't feel it is $16 worth of meat. Other than the price, it is very good and is the go to place for my Korean friends and I. A single entree will feed about one or two people depending on how hungry you are. Also, the mini-side dishes always help and the unlimited refills on those make this place awesome. I highly recommend this place and go here quire regularly myself.
4	Thought this was a sushi restaurant though I should have known better based off the name. (Gogi means meat in Korean)Our party of three got the 3 Soondubu stews and the Bibimbap. (Friend's Pork Bulgogi never arrived but it was waived from the final check) I thoroughly enjoyed my Beef Soondubu as it was a boiling hearty bowl of goodness filled with a whole egg and tofu. I never received gochujang (spicy red pepper paste) for my bibimbap but I had fun dipping the rice into the soup so I ended up not missing it that much. Sadly I left my to-go box of the bibimbap at the nearby Boba House so I didn't really get to experience the dish in it's fullest form.Prices here are similar to the other Korean restaurants in the area with $10-$15 prices for most dishes. Their banchan selection is average with five sides offered.Service is a little slow as they seem to be understaffed during the lunch rush and you may be forced to flag them down with some waving to get some attention. Overall I like this place way better then Hodori and on par with Chodang and the other Korean restaurants in Glendale. A good addition to the Lee Lee's neighborhood and I'm sure they'll work out their consistency issues.
4	The place was clean and can handle larger parties.  The services was great.  The pork and chive dumplings were good.  We got many of the steamed eggs on the house.  It was good too!  We had the Korean Style omlet, that was good too!  I ordered the chicken bulgogi was OK.  It was not tasty as the beef bulgogi.
5	Great Korean food.  Can't stand typical American patrons who expect Dennys and receive amazing Korean food.  This place always gives you what you pay for, authentic, Korean food.  Great place, family run business that deserves respect.
