5	My review is only for the purchase of a non-disposable diaper at this swim school. As soon as I entered, I was promptly greeted and asked how they could help me. I explained that I was looking for a non-disposable diaper for my lil'un and they asked about weight etc and found the perfect one for her. The lady explained to me that the non-disposable diapers are so good that even if for some reason there is an accidental Code Brown, if you know what I mean, they will not charge their patrons. They really believe in the product that they sell. Their swimming pool looks nice and clean and this could really be a fun place for little kids. I know they do parent and child classes here also.
5	This place is well organized, great for the kids, great for the parents and any of the family that would like to show up to the huge glass window show of cuteness.
5	The BEST instructors and the best curriculum!!!  I have a 6 year old daughter and 3 1/2 yr old son.  My daughter started swimming here at age 4 and my son at age 2.  They both swim beautifully thanks to the TALENTED and WELL-TRAINED staff.  The facility is always CLEAN, SAFE and ORGANIZED.  And as a bonus the managers/supervisors are kind and LISTEN and RESPOND to any concerns you may have as a parent.  I tried several other places in the valley with my first child and Gold Medal stands out as THE BEST place for young swimmers by a large margin.
1	DANGER!!! DO NOT BRING YOUR KIDS HERE!!!It all started when my child came home with what seemed to be a stomach flu. I took him to the doctor only to find out by a stool sample that he had ingested a chemical found in pools that is potentially fatal if swallowed in large quantities. I am warning you now that I have spoken with the owner and confirmed he had been adding chemicals right before lessons. However, he refused to take responsibility. Stay away from this place at all costs. I did not get a refund, nor did te owner offer to cover medical costs. The most interesting thing about this issue is shortly after my son became ill, I heard from someone at the front desk that said multiple instructors also were ill with identical symptoms and some even had left the school because they were worried about their health. Think very carefully before coming here, you could save your child's life. I personally switched to Hubbard swim school and have seen much better results in a shorter time and of course the owner assured me nothing is added within two hours before lessons so the pool does not get shocked. Hope this review helped. Shame on the owners at gold medal for not taking safety in mind for these children first before attempting to make the pool look "pretty."
2	It seems like there is not as much value for your dollar at Gold Medal.  We had been there since the new school opened but decided to move on.  We got a 'can't we get you to stay' call which felt like desperation on their part.  My daughter enjoyed her lessons but her favorite teacher left (as most do) and the cost was not worth it anymore.  I would not recommend them to my friends.
5	Our son received lessons from Gold Medal for most of last year.  He went from being timid about getting in the water to.... swimming!  He enjoyed his lessons, had fun, and trusted his instructor, which is most important.  I would highly recommend Gold Medal to anyone.  Also, Nancy is a wonderful instructor!
5	Love Gold Medal! We have been swimming here for the past three months and have seen major progress.  My oldest was afraid of water, he's almost ready to move up a level now and is much more competent and confident in the water.  My youngest was the opposite, not afraid at all and not able to swim at all.  Now she is more careful and is progressing with basics.  Love the "free class" offerings where they let you register for extra classes if there are openings that day.  Wish they offered a sibling discount, but it is worth every penny.
5	My daughter is 8 years old. She had a bad experience when she was young at a YMCA and it took a while to get her back into a pool. We started with a couple of private lessons and then went to a group. That seemed to be key and the staff made it work. It was a very positive experience for her. She went from not being able to put her face into the water, to now swimming freestyle (beginner) across the pool width within six months. She is comfortable in the water, can float on her back and has a great backstroke.
5	We are been here since my son has 10 month old (2008), and we still going with him and now my daughter. I can't have words to say so many good thinks about this Swim School. We love classes, teachers, hours, location, facility, customer services, movies, treats and the best part it's a Unlimited Swim!!!!!They really care about the kids and parents.
5	This is a high quality operation. I've been very happy with the facilities, the people, and the fun I'm having in the pool with our little toddler.The water and air is kept at about 90 degrees, which makes it perfect to stand in while practicing water safety with peanut. Everything is super clean, and the place seems to run like clockwork. I really think it's great for babies and toddlers to take lessons here. I feel much more confident with him in the water now, and he has a blast.Only minus for me is that you have to bring your own towels. Unlike Lifetime Fitness Gym up the street or any hotel ever, they have no towels. But this is a minor gripe. They do have a well-stocked 'did you forget' bucket of diapers/wipes/baby supplies in the changing rooms. The instructors are truly wonderful, the other parents are cool, so I pack a towel and have a good time.
4	This is an excellent facility. Both of my kids have flourished since beginning lessons last year, and they enjoy coming to the classes.Obviously, it isn't cheap so be prepared for that hit to your pocketbook each month. However, you can find ways to make the most of the cost, especially during the winter months. Make sure to watch for the emails mentioning open classes and respond quickly. If you have the time, you can get a number of free classes in each week.One of the better places for swim lessons in the area.
1	It all started when my child came home with what seemed to be a stomach flu. I took him to the doctor only to find out by a stool sample that he had ingested a chemical found in pools that is potentially fatal if swallowed in large quantities. I am warning you now that I have spoken with the owner and confirmed he had been adding chemicals right before lessons. However, he refused to take responsibility. Stay away from this place at all costs. I did not get a refund, nor did te owner offer to cover medical costs. The most interesting thing about this issue is shortly after my son became ill, I heard from someone at the front desk that said multiple instructors also were ill with identical symptoms and some even had left the school because they were worried about their health. Think very carefully before coming here, you could save your child's life. I personally switched to Hubbard swim school and have seen much better results in a shorter time and of course the owner assured me nothing is added within two hours before lessons so the pool does not get shocked. Hope this review helped. Shame on the owners at gold medal for not taking safety in mind for these children first before attempting to make the pool look "pretty."
1	No. Just, no. I can't speak for the quality of the teacher because I couldn't hear how she interacted with my 2.5 year old. WHY couldn't I hear her you ask? Because I was behind glass AWAY from her when she hadn't ever had a swim lesson before! I didn't even get to take her in and meet the teacher. The teacher knew NOTHING about her but her name and I didn't even get to tell her about her anxiety. She had her doing things she had never heard of and she was terrified.
2	This place taught me all my basics as a competive swimmer when I was 10 years old although it's difficult to advance they only move up the kids that they like and can be a little biased, but what annoys me is that there is no challenge in the lesson it's way to easy and if competive swimming is really what you like then you need someone to really push you and make you uncomfortable so that you can become a better swimmer although lifetime swim really offered that to me!
5	I absolutely recommend Gold Medal for your kids. The staff is very kind and great with kids. I have my three daughters taking lessons including my 10 month old who started her lessons at 6 months old. All three of my girls have shown huge improvement in their technique, water safety and joy of swimming! It's only been 4 months since we've began and my middle child has moved up three levels already. What a great staff. Thanks Gold Medal
5	I  have been regretting for not having learnt to swim as  kid , but realized it's never too late . I have been taking swimming lessons  since the past three months at Gold medal swim school and they are absolutely amazing. The instructors are so talented; they have tried and tested all possible methods to make it easier for the amateurs. My instructor Matt is a down to earth guy and he actually cares for his students. .  The other instructors are equally cool too, however the majority of my lessons were taught by Matt Trust me, swimming lessons get me all animated after a day's long work.  :)
4	Very nice swim school, for $20 a class with the possibility of more classes for free it is a fair deal.  The instructors seam informed and good with the kids.  One draw back would be the assembly line style of getting the kids in and out of their "swimming chamber," but I'm sure this keeps thing efficient and orderly for management.
