4	La Playa is a quaint dive bar that recently got a makeover. Its glass walls were painted black which made for interesting summer visits. But now it attempts to have a beach motif, complete with a faux great white shark head biting an Arizona license plate and puffer fish. It offers two pool tables, an electronic dart board and a pinball machine or two. Nothing remarkable there. It is well lit which coincides with its new attitude. There is also a digital jukebox and few pay-to-play digital game consoles at the end of the bar. I have yet to eat the food. Honestly I will not likely try it. There are a few pool/lawn plastic seats to sit on outside. They have some small plastic bins for garbage and cigarette refuse.But the drinks are great and the prices cannot be beat. There is a very gorgeous bartender there sometimes. She is actually worth the trip. She makes a great root beer shot. None of the other customers seemed dismayed that there is no (none that I saw anyway) wine. Overall a pleasant drinking experience.
4	This seems to be a pretty cool place to hang outThe decor is coolThe people seem to be friendly Prices aren't too badI'll definitely be back
5	With football season just around the corner you need to find a place to watch your team & this place is great! Free breakfast and all the games on sunday. Very chill and you can even hear your game, plus the bartenders know how to pour a drink & are easy on the eyes. A+
4	Great place for cheap drinks! Everybody knows each other and you can becom part of the Playa family quick :)Sharen ( the owner ) is very friendly and nice and she will remember your name and what you drink after one visit.Great place to watch games !
4	Every neighborhood should have a tiki/beach themed dive located in the non-descript strip mall on the corner.A locals place for sure, but as an out of towner I felt totally comfortable here knocking back a few brews and shooting a few games of pool.2 beers were only $5.50 (I think).
5	I'm giving 5 stars comparing to other neighborhood bars. I really like coming here great deals during football games. Tonight is $2 well drinks and a cerviche tostada with chicken fideo soup for $6. The waitress/bartenders are really friendly. It's clean, not too dark. The food is good bar food. Saturday's they have a great fried chicken dinner. Don't be put off by the creepy and loser comments. It's a really nice neighborhood bar. Lots of singles and couples. Everyone is welcomed and I wouldn't be afraid to come as a single woman.
1	So glad my co-worker and I went and checked this place out before we did Friday happy hour with our 15 co-workers!Bartender did not greet us even though all of the men at the bar turned to look...sure she saw us.  we sat down read the menu 3x.  Long day at work and the last thing I wanted to do was hunt down a beer.We waited around for 15 min at a table and left.  We then walked 20 yards to Uncle Sam's and had beer in hand in within 5 min.I am so disappointed!  I was excited to bring my co-workers to a new place "for us" that has fish tacos.Unfortunately we did not even have the chance to try anything other than the service.  Not a chance in hell I would take/ask my coworkers to this place.  I would have been mortified if 15 of my friends came in and were ignored on my recommendation.Sucks cause it looked soFun until u couldn't get a beer!
1	We have come here before and have had wonderful service. We came in for our second time a few nights ago and I was hugely disappointed. I had looked at their drink menu and saw one of my favorite drinks (a mudslide) and couldn't wait to do it. When my friend went to order the bar tender claimed to not have either of the drinks we wanted. My friend came back to the table to grab the menu and show her that you do in fact have those drinks. Realizing so, she then asked if I wanted my mudslide as a martini or on poured over ice...well then...last time I checked mudslides are a frozen drink, like a frozen margarita. But she explained that's not a choice which once again said frozen on the menu. I still ordered it and to say the least tasted good still. But I don't think she knew her menu, bar, or her job very well.  I wish her the best of luck with future guest. My friend loves this bar so we will be back but hopefully the next time I am there the bartender will be more knowledgeable.
