3	After a day of golfing, I needed some post sun relief....so I stopped by here to pick up a bottle of Banana Boat After-Sun Lotion.  The store is clean and well organized, I was able to find what I was looking for very quickly.Return Factor - 80%
3	It's a pharmacy with a grocery store. It's a grocery store with a pharmacy. Which is it!?In a pinch, CVS was a great place to stop for some ice cold drinks and sunscreen to avoid a search all over a larger store like Safeway. After all, it is Scottsdale and you have to have the basics without spending 30 minutes dodging soccer moms and retirees.The prices seemed decent and the nice little checker was very nice. It was just kind of depressing in there. My recommendation, get a perscription for anti-depressants for pickup so that you have something to pick you up after your visit.
3	I was in a bind and really needed some "emergency" toiletries and thankfully our dinner plans were located right next to CVS Pharmacy. We don't have CVS where I live and thought the selection of items was really super. I got my "emergency" toiletries and proceeded to buy huge amounts of make-up wipes. I don't know why, but I have a horrible compulsion to purchase anything that's BOGO at 50% off! I went up to the counter to purchase my items but no one was at the cashier stand. I looked around and thought "Uh is no one working?" I guess the cashier had gone to the bathroom, but regardless it was all very odd. The cashier came back and checked out my items. She was nice enough to scan a CVS card to activate the discount for my bulk make-up wipes, so I have to give her kudos for that. Thanks CVS for helping a girl in her moment of need!31 Yelps Challenge: #5/31
2	I have never had a good experience with the pharmacy here -- long wait, short staffed, complaining, takes hours for a prescription..... No thank you!   There is another CVS open across the road (NE Scottsdale/ Shea) that has a better pharmacy and is 24 hours.... This store is newer, decently stocked, and the CVS front desk staff are nice.  However, if you are looking for a quick pop-in somewhere, circle K across the street may be a better option.  :P
3	We had just gotten into town and went looking for supplies that we didn't pack (sunscreen, etc.) and found everything we needed in here.  We took a friends suggestion and bought a collapsible cooler to fill up with ice (at the hotel) and put some waters in for when we were out driving.  Life saver! Saved money!We bought a 24pk of water for like $3!!! Lasted us through our entire trip.  I can't vouch for the place if you need a prescription but if you need supplies and some drinks and snacks then you can't go wrong here.
3	Loved this place, used to come here all the time when it's open 24/7, now the store closes at 10pm and I had to go to the one at Scottsdale Rd. & Shea Blvd. for the 24-hour store.  Great selections of products you need and they also accept coupons which is a big plus for me.  Easy access from anywhere in Phoenix.  Great location and friendly staff.
1	Looking through the reviews, I realize I am not alone. My collective experiences at this pharmacy consist of waiting, waiting some more reaching the window them telling me my insurance isn't updated and that i should just come back because they are too busy to deal with it immediately oh and that i should call my insurance and figure it out..... Another time i had went through the drive through at 9:45pm and the lady behind the window was clearly annoyed and told me not to come this late in the future as they are beginning to shut their computers down. Another time i was blocked in the drive through lane ended up waiting for 40 mins! and when i reached the window my prescriptions weren't even ready!  The staff is rude, constantly make you feel as if you are an inconvenience, and have no appreciation for your time. I high suggest getting your meds elsewhere.
1	Yikes. If my wife's prescriptions were keeping her alive, she'd be dead a few times over by now. Seriously, it's shocking how poorly this pharmacy fulfills prescriptions. We've called days in advance for refills and still when I arrive they've been out of what we need and need to order. I'll be taking our business elsewhere, if only up the street at a different CVS pharmacy.
4	Big kudos to CVS for dropping cigarette sales! They were my go-to pharmacy before, but this move really cements it. Oh, and the pharmacists are super helpful and friendly. Thanks CVS. Now, about the ongoing liquor sales... :(
