1	DO NOT DO BUSINESS WITH THIS COMPANY!!!!!!!!!! I ordered a futon from this company April 29, 2013.  I was told at the time it would take no longer than 3 weeks for delivery.  I was pregnant at the time and due in 6 weeks. I needed the futon for family arriving after the birth of my child.  We did not receive the futon until June 4th which was a week after the birth of my child.  I made several calls inquiring about the delay informing the owner of the urgency. The owner gave me the following excuses as to the reason for the delay. 1. The manufacture moved warehouse in California which has caused a backup in order fills 2. the truck coming from California broke down and is being towed back to California 3 fires in California have caused delivery delays.  When I finally received the product it was in  the wrong fabric.  I informed the owner that it was the wrong fabric.  He told me to keep the futon and he will send me the correct one shortly.  Almost a year later I have still not  received the correct futon. I have made no less than 10 calls to the owner inquiring as to the status of my order. He promises rectification every time, that he will call the factory and get it corrected  in a couple of weeks.  He told me on several occasions that he has corrected  the order and it should be in the store soon and he will call me to follow up. He has never once called me or followed up. I don't know how they have lasted in Vegas so long.  The customer service is terrible.  Buy at your own risk.
5	Out first experience with Kamal was a few years ago when the location was on Sahara. We bought a dinning set and couple of futons for our loft.Recently we noticed they moved and we were in a market for new beds for our house. We were pleased to see Kamal again. We ended up buying all our furniture from him. We gave us a great deal and excellent service as always.It's always good to deal with small business owners instead of big brand stores. They have great selection and very friendly service. Highly recommended.
5	We bought a mattress in 2010 and couldnt be happier with our purchase. Recently we bought some couches and a bigger mattress and Kamal hooked us up with discount and great service as always. Compared to big brand stores where they tackle you for every penny, Kamal is very helpful and worked with us with patience. Highly recommende.
4	The owner of the business has contacted me since my first review.  He was very apologetic about the delays and inconvenience it has caused me and my family.  He offered to rectify the situation by switching out the futon but unfortunately the original fabric we selected was no longer in production.   As a substitute he gave us a slip cover in a different fabric.  I appreciate him addressing the situation and resolving our dissatisfaction.
