1	If you've read some of my other reviews for car dealerships, you'll probably draw the conclusion that I've been car shopping for the past couple of months. My current insurance company/lender (USAA) offers a "car buying service" that is designed to save you money on a new car purchase, and so after several failures at other dealerships I decided to give this option a try. I trust this company, and in turn, I trusted that the dealership they were affiliated with would likely be my best bet, which led me to Chapman Mitsubishi (aka Bell Road Mitsubishi) in a search for a new Evo. I was supposed to be able to purchase the car for $100 under invoice, a pretty good deal, and so when I pulled up and they had maybe 20 cars on the lot, I got one of those bad gut feelings. I had spoken to the liaison given to me by USAA's website, and expected the process to go smoothly, so I ignored it, and I went in to find him. After requesting him by name, the receptionist called him and I heard him answer in the back of the showroom, and immediately he tried to pawn us off on someone else. That person was unavailable, so he walked over with another guy who he did end up pawning us off on. They had me drive over to their Hyundai dealership so that my trade-in could be appraised, which is where the nightmare truly began. It took about 20 minutes for the used car manager to come look at my vehicle to begin with, which was totally unnecessary as this place was completely dead. Then after our short drive to ensure that my car was in perfectly functional condition, I was told to have a seat while this guy (who another employee claimed was 'the best in the business') put some numbers together. While I waited, I was then informed that because they didn't have the model I was looking for in-stock, that I wouldn't be getting the deal I was quoted online...then my salesman claimed he didn't know where they'd be getting the car from. I already did my research before going there, I knew exactly which dealership's stock they'd be pulling it from, so that was an outright lie. After waiting for over an hour, the salesman (read: scam artist) comes back with an offer for my trade. Now, before I go any further, let me make it very clear that I fully realize I will be getting bent over any time I try to trade in a used car, that's their job, and that's just how the industry works. However, in this case, the guy has the nerve to offer me $8k for a car that books anywhere between $22 - $33k. I waited for Ashton Kutcher and his camera crew to bust out from the employee lounge or wherever they set up their control room, but much to my surprise, I actually wasn't on an episode of Punk'd. That was really what they tried to offer me for my car. Now, I'd been lowballed on these offers before...I've been offered anywhere from $14.5, to $18, to $23k, but $8,000?!?! This was beyond insulting, and after waiting for over an hour to be insulted like this it was clearly time to walk out. I will never go back to this dealership, and I'd strongly encourage anyone who's considering buying a car from these shady scumbags to go elsewhere if you value customer service and being treated with respect.
1	The Memorial Day newspaper ad featured a new 2010 Lancer DE for $13,941 with 0% financing for 60 months PLUS $500 rebate. I drove the car and liked it. After dealer semantics, I was told that I couldn't get that price AND the 0% 60 month deal. I said I wanted that price and they came back and said $15 for that deal because it included a $995 Desert Protection Plan, whatever that is. I told them I didn't want the Desert Plan and they said they couldn't remove it, but they couldn't even tell me what it consisted of.  I said I wanted the car for the price in the ad (even if it meant 4.9% financing) and was told that EVEN IF WE HAD CASH, they could not sell me the car for the price in the ad. The slimy sales manager also said that's how all the dealers do it and you could not ever buy a car for a listed ad price. My family has done that before, so don't tell me we can't.Needless to say, we walked out.
1	On May 29th, Chapman Mitsubishi had an ad in the Arizona Republic for a brand new Mistubishi Lancer for $13,941. When we tried to purchase the vehicle, they said they could not sell it for the advertised price, even if we were paying cash. They insisted that I paid almost $1000 for a "Desert Protection Package" that they could not remove from the car.The salesman said this is how all advertising is done in the area and that you could not buy a vehicle for the price listed in an ad.
1	Had my 2002 lancer towed to Chapman Mitsubishi knowing it had a blown head gasket, I just wasn't sure if there was anything else and wanted a diagnosis, price $85. The SM Larry called me later that day to day it needed a new engine or a lot of part either way it would cost $3500. I told him I'm not putting the much money in a $2k car and I would be in contact. I went the next day to pick it up and it did take them a moment to get it down off the lift and push it out, no problem since I did not call to let them know I was coming.Here is where I have a problem.Larry writes up the service ticket and says, " that will be $90" I asked what happened to 85 the he quoted on the phone. Oh yeah, I did say that didn't I was his response. Annoyed at Larry's apparent need for lunch money. I wait for my car to roll out.Now, I go to roll the windows down and the battery is dead, because the technician left the ignition switch in the on position. I asked larry what he was going to do about it. He said nothing, I asked if he was going to refund my diagnosis which is still cheaper than a new battery, he said absolutely not. So far he has not offered one ounce of compensation and finally goes to get his service manager Mat. I proceed to tell Matt my battery is dead and it's chapmans fault, ( which the did not deny) but again no one offers any compensation. I keeping asking them what they are going to do, and I get remarks like, "well the engine's bad' " isn't the battery under warranty?" ' it didn't run when it came in". Ridiculous!I finally looked at both of them and asked if they were going to do anything. "NOPE was the answer I got. Why did I buy a 2013 Mazda CX-9 from Chapman mazda and why did I have over $3000 worth of work done on my Montero Sport? Because I thought I was dealing with a standup company, apparently not.  I will no longer do business with any Chapman dealership Mitsubishi or any Chapman dealership other wise.
