4	This is an incredible bistro in Centre-ville in Montreal. It is located in a good location just off of Rue Sainte-Catherine. It was so good I went their twice during my recent visit.The service was wonderful and the staff quite pleasant.The food was delicious. The first night I had the lamb shank and the second night I had the beef tenderloin. Both had plenty of taste and melted in my mouth.  The house green salad had good taste with a variety of flavors that made for a sweet salad.Now I don't usually like olives, but the olives that are brought out with the bread were just delicious. They were in some balsamic vinaigrette that was quite tasty and sweet also.A great place to have a wonderful dinner with Montreal flavor.
4	So for our first dinner while visiting Montreal, we ended up at L'aromate. We originally had reservations at L'express because of some yelp reviews, but L'aromate was closer and recommended by our concierge. It was awesome. We were starving, so the table side olives and bread were a good start. We had the herb crusted calamari for an appetizer after the waitress was a less than enthusiastic about our other choices. It was good. Not a bad start.For our entrees, I had the steak frites. Steak was a little over cooked, I ordered it medium rare. The fries were ok, but the au jus that came with made the dish. Tasty. Now, my wife's duck confit linguine was awesome. Best dish of our trip. Duck confit, mushroom fricasse and linguine..So good. We almost ordered two. We finished it off with a sugar pie, which was a bit much. Should have probably gotten something else. We also had a few glasses of wine and had a great dinner. Everything was reasonably priced and we would definitely go back if we return.
5	I lived in Montreal for 3 years and once I found it this became my favourite restaurant. Great food, and a pretty nice menu (lots of good options done in interesting ways). Sounds weird, but this has the best Caesar Salad I've ever had. Just beautiful. Also very comfortable there. White table cloth, 3 dining areas (street level, downstairs, and upstairs, but still very open feeling. Great servers too. They know their stuff, are all french first, but are either fluent in english, or make a great effort to speak english (which is even better in my opinion) .I typically eat for free for work, and I'll take L'Aromate over Montreal's high end steak houses any day.
4	Was here with 5 girlfriends on a last minute dinner reservation.  We had heard good things, but our experience was better than expected.Hostess (both on the phone and in person) very pleasant and kind with our call at 6pm on a Sat night wondering if any cancellations came up.  Restaurant itself is quite modern, well decorated, classy.  Crowd mostly 40s and 50s, groups of 2-6.Prices of entrees were in $20-30+ but they had a prix-fixe 2 course (appetizer and main) with options between $21-37.  Great value.  Favorites of the table included: duck confit, lobster bisque (appys), lobster risotto, steak frites (mains).  Portions are fairly substantial.  Service excellent with the right amount of attention to details and following-up our meals.   Would definitely come again.
3	Had a very high-end meal at Bistro L'aromate in their new location on Maisonneuve Ouest. The restaurant is beautifully designed, its new, cool, lots of young wealthy people hanging around, and a bunch of babes that work there.Upstairs it's a little quieter and private- we were coming in with a group of 12 and placed upstairs by the bathrooms (not great) but were moved to another table over looking the downstairs of the restaurant.For the most part people were ordering surf+turf which was presented as you'd expect (it had better be @ 80$ a plate) and came with a little bit of lobster, a filet with mashed potato, and some scallops. I think our waiter had the feeling this was going to be one of those "expense your business" dinners and was a little pushy with the wine suggestions. One person wanted a glass of Port but instead he brought out a bottle of desert wine insisting we have that instead- of course the majority of the table jumped on that bandwagon  and he pops it quickly (oh look...it was 375$). The type of stuff that would really drive me nuts if I was paying with my own dough. That doesn't make it OK, though.We had also called ahead and left a CC number for the meal to be charged to - but the restaurant didn't know how to place the charge without having the physical card there. They said they couldn't do it- but obviously they could....so it just took them apprx. 30 minutes to figure out how.The meal itself was delicious in every regard - diners just need to be diligent and make sure things don't get too out of hand with those drinks!
1	C est completement deguelasse cet edroit! On a attendu une heure pour avoir notre commande, et la moitie de la table a ete malade apres avoir mange la! Trop cher! Pas de qualite! N allez surtout pas la!!!!!
4	I visited a handful of times during my short business trip to Montreal -- twice for drinks and once for breakfast.The bar was pretty comfortable, and the bartender was happy to show off her mixing skills by coming up with something unique whenever I asked her to "surprise me".   The drinks are pretty expensive though, which is unfortunate.For breakfast on my way back home, I stopped in for the eggs benedict.  It was beautiful. The eggs were PERFECTLY poached, the herb potatoes were delicious, and the meal was rounded out with amazing baguette toast. The entire meal was masterfully executed.  The wait staff was attentive, polite, and friendly.  Honestly, nothing but good things to say about my last visit here.
4	Simply delicious! Came here at the recommendation of the concierge at our hotel.Before you continue to read my review please be forewarned that I am an American city girl who knows nothing about French food. The decor was modern, clean, upscale, and inviting. We started off with a few cocktails. Not very strong and quite tasty.The bread that was brought to us was pretty tasty, and the olive oil on the side (with olives in it) was a nice touch. For appetizers I got the soup du juor, which was a delicious tomato basil. My friend got the special of the day, which was a tuna tartar. Hers was a little underwhelming. For entrees I got the salmon tartar and she got the steak. Both entrees were absolutely DELICIOUS! And the French fries that come with were a perfect match. Our entrees were sooooooo good. We ate every last bite! We were nice and stuffed by the time we were done. Wish we would've left room for dessert!Our server was very kind, but the service was a bit slow. Again I may be biases b/c I come from a land of people who rush. All in all we had a great experience. I would definitely return.
2	Mediocre at best. Service is terrible. Food is OK presentation is good. For the price you can do much much better in montreal.
3	I came to this restaurant several times for their good food. However, what always stands out is the terribly bad service. The waitresses are unfriendly and very slow. The food is over priced given poor service.
2	Went there for lunch on a week day. It cost 65$ for two, no drinks.The salad was good, I have to admit, but there were like 5 tiny slices of beet ... :)The salmon tartar was very ordinary. My roommate made one better than that, and I was very disappointed. The beed was good, but too salty.Overpriced. Though i enjoyed seating outside.Service was so so... it took them 15 minutes to bring the bill (on lunch time.. !)
2	Went here on a Monday night during a recent trip to Montreal. We were wandering around looking for somewhere to eat at around 8:30pm and had trouble finding anywhere appealing and open. So, we ended up here.I ordered a burger and my husband got a club sandwich. The waitress warned me that the burger would take about 25 minutes to cook and suggested an appetizer. Since I'd gotten the same suggestion at another restaurant the night before, and the appetizer also took 20 minutes, I opted out.When the burger came half an hour later, it was understandable why it would take so long to cook. It had to be at least two inches thick. It was more like a huge slab of meatloaf than a burger. It was completely impossible to take a bite through the entire burger. Partway through eating it, I ended up slicing the patty in half horizontally and discarding half of it, just so I could eat the thing. Some of the toppings on the burger were tasty, but the burger itself was dry. The fries were also rather cold.My husband got a club sandwich, which was also dry, but he enjoyed the fries.The total bill for a burger and a sandwich and a couple of non-alcoholic drinks came to over $60. Definitely not worth the price, and I wouldn't want to eat here again even if it were cheaper.
1	Food is discusting. Too expensive for nothing!! No hostess,(in a supposed to be high-end restaurant?) The manager looks very stressed and disorganised. Lack of communication between the staff for sure. He seems very arrogant and rude to his staff, a lot of tention there! I dont reccomend that place to anybody.
5	Stayed at the hotel in this building. My filet mignon was cooked perfectly and the salmon tartar was also amazing! Recommended and the wait staff was also friendly and courteous.
4	I just ordered the. Assiette de Cochonielles and it's delicious, great quality of food with great presentation..,
