4	Under new ownership. New name!  New carpeting, couches and cleaned up some.  Otherwise very much the same when it was SkyPark
2	If you love your 7yr old listening to music that talks about being sexy and bars then this is the place!  If you love seeing 12 yr olds wearing belly shirts and short shorts flirting with the staff then this is the place!  If you love no AC at 114 temps and all they use are fans circling hot air then again you will love this place.  If you love hearing loud vacuums 30 min before closing-  I swear I see 6 staff members cleaning 30 min before closing .... ( Don't they know that we are breathing in the dust and dirt that they are sweeping up and being blown around by the industrial size fans????). I swear this is what you are looking for to have your daughters birthday!!!     (Not the birthday host-  just a parent)EDIT- 10 min later they seriously just played Chumbawamba!  For some of you younger generations-The song they played includes the repeated verse line "Pissing the night away"
1	I've been there 5 or 6 times. I've got a 3 and a 5 year old. They always have fun, but there's always cleaning products laying around. I've caught my 3 year old squirting glass cleaner on other kids twice. Kinda scary. The first time it happened the manager seemed a little concerned and told me it would never happen again. The second time it happened I talked with a lady that looked like an owner. She was not concerned at all. She told me that they like to leave the cleaning supply closet open because only one person has the key. This is a place that caters to little kids and they won't close the door to a closet full of poisonous chemicals. If you have young kids and you take them here, don't just relax and let them be. Keep a very close eye on them.
3	Well, I'm sitting here while my son plays.... Music is so loud you have to shout to communicate.... I asked them to turn the volume down a bit, they did but then turned it back up..... Inappropriate songs come on and staff needs to be told to turn it.... I mean what parent wants their kid listening to a song about a$$ and twerking? Other than these issues (that can definitely be addressed), it's a great place....
2	The kids had  fun, however there was a spat with one of the new guys. Kids are kids. Treat them fairly.  Don't let the other kids cut while my 2 were waiting for the bungee contraption. Then tell me he didn't see them there.  That put a damper in the adults fun,  but the kids didn't know any better. Chris C. I believe was awesome! Taught my kids how to flip and to jump high.  He alone gets 5 stars.  And did i mention how rude the pringles looking man was? Sir i asked you for 2 wrist bands for my kids.  I don't need you telling me it can't hold me because I'm not under 7. Just do what I, consumer, asked you for.  My next visit, i probably won't go back.  And by the way,  there isn't a dress policy? Since when little girls in short shorts and half tops/sports bras was legal? That's not the place fault,  but still you need a shirt little girl to jump.  That is all
5	Jump City is simply AMAZING !!!  Under the new ownership and management, Jump City has transformed itself into a safe, exciting and fun community center.  Birthday parties, gymnastics corporate events.  Whatever you like they have.  I have two boys, 11 and 13 and I love the fact the guards are all trained in 1st Aid and CPR !!!  I feel perfectly  safe knowing if something happened they are in good hands.   The staff are exceptionally  polite and really know the meaning of customer service.  I have read some of the negative reviews and let me say this.  In total I have been to Jump City over 50 times !!!  NEVER have I seen any of the behavior some reviewers claim . I'm proud Jump City is in my neighborhood.  The hours are fine, the pricing is right and the fun level is off the Richter Scale.  I urge you to experience how wonderful  Jump City is.
5	I brought my 10 and 13 year old kids to get out of the Arizona heat. We loved every minute of our experience. The kids had a blast and didn't want to leave. The staff was really helpful and attentive to me and my children. We can't wait to go back!
5	I don't know what the beef is with some of the other reviewers. I've been here several times with my boys and it's been great! They've had a great time playing dodgeball and basketball. They've done the Friday night lights dance thing, when they've had that, and have enjoyed it too. The employees have always been polite and attentive. As for me I like the big tv's and the free wi-fi. I recommend Jump City highly to my friends and neighbors.
5	"Jump City is simply AMAZING !!!  Under the new ownership and management, Jump City has transformed itself into a safe, exciting and fun community center.  Birthday parties, gymnastics corporate events.  Whatever you like they have.  I have two boys, 11 and 13 and I love the fact the guards are all trained in 1st Aid and CPR !!!  I feel perfectly  safe knowing if something happened they are in good hands.   The staff are exceptionally  polite and really know the meaning of customer service.  I have read some of the negative reviews and let me say this.  In total I have been to Jump City over 50 times !!!  NEVER have I seen any of the behavior some reviewers claim . I'm proud Jump City is in my neighborhood.  The hours are fine, the pricing is right and the fun level is off the Richter Scale.  I urge you to experience how wonderful  Jump City is."
1	I can not believe  after coming there 3 or 4 days a week threw the summer  with no ac being a very loyal customer  the experience  I just had its unbelievable ... I'm very upset and taken back that a young man that worked there told my 3 year old son he couldn't jump 5 mins after his hour was  up making him cry  when he clearly  saw me getting my daughter ready and packing up our things .. no way to treat good customers ..obviously will take my son somewhere else
5	Great place to be for free time;) Bring all ages and sure to have a great time. Friendly staff and great accommodation. Hope you guys check out the place.
