5	We summed it up: "GO, go now before they get that star and can charge much, much more for what is by far and away the best Indian food we've ever had." Book now!
5	Had been given some recommendations to try this restaurant. It turned out to be a great decision. The food was absolutely amazing and has to be some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The service was excellent and really couldn't fault a thing about the whole night. Highly recommended - the lobster was the real highlight. A little more expensive than your average Indian restaurant but then it's not your average Indian.
4	I was lucky enough to get the opportunity to come here for a business lunch, and well let's say my work rate declined in the afternoon with a belly full of such delicious food!It's the fine dining posh sister of the famous Kushi's restaurant. We arrived and the atmosphere is tranquil and calm, a morning rushing around was soon forgotten as the ambiance worked it's magic on me.We plumped for the taster menu and started with an unusual chicken salad wrapped in lettuce leaves with grated testy green apple on top. This set the scene for an amazing menu of tasty, unique indian dishes. Having lived in Singapore for two years I've been spoilt with some fantastic Indian dining experiences. But this has to be said was the most unique, flavorful taste sensation I've had.As it was a business lunch we didn't try the wine selection which looked good, but we did try some of the mocktails which really stood out. I had a watermelon and fresh ginger mix which really went well together and perfectly balanced the food.The service was really friendly and we had some amusing banter, without it being over the top. I would very, very highly recommend this if you're looking for somewhere different at that end of town. They also have a newly opened bar area which is a nice laid back area to enjoy a refreshment or two. I'll definitely be back for more than one visit.
4	We only went for cocktails, but what lovely cocktails they were: so many original creations featuring fresh fruit (passion fruit, pomegranate, pineapple, raspberry) and other flourishes. And if you didn't fancy the special cocktails on the menu, the bartenders were happy to make you anything you desired, and they made it very well. I was pleasantly surprised.
4	Did I come here for Indian food? No, I came for cocktails. But I shall return for an Indian feast!As part of the Yelp Cocktail Quest, headed up by the Cocktail Queen Robyn Z, we were in Leith and ready to get our cocktail on. Our original plan of Bond No 9 was dropped when Blythe suggested Mithas - one of the best Indian restaurants in Edinburgh, who recently opened a new cocktail bar. My curiosity was peaked!And what cocktails they were. It's a small bar area, and it was empty on a Wednesday night. They mixed me a margarita tout de suite, and it was perfect. It's hard to do a margarita above and beyond the usual excellent, but it's easy to get it wrong: and I find its a good way to judge a place on its skills. This was a great margi, so I knew we were in good mixologist hands.The Rakput (?) was a muddled raspberry and vodka affair, that was garnished with a whole chilli and also had chilli in the cocktail. You could really taste it, in an pleasant way, and not chilli syrup or 'essenence of'; but real chilli.By the third cocktail I'd gotten into a very interesting discussion with Julie G on Japanese feminism and the rest of the night is a blur. The cocktails were that good.I have heard only good things about the food, and given its mainly a restaurant and I've yet to try their food, I can't give it 5 stars just yet. But I will return to try it all, and will leave time to visit the cocktail bar first before my meal too.
5	right, i've been back to try the food and just wow!  definite 5 stars from me!!Jenny L and i arranged a girl date so we could dine and drink and belatedly celebrate her new job and what better place the Mithas.  from the moment we walked in til the moment we left the service was impeccable and the staff so friendly and helpful.  i love the design of this place, dark work with splashed of bright colours!  the tables are set a good distance apart so you don't feel like you are on top of the people dining next to you but there is still a good atmosphere and buzz from the room.the menu is well laid out, with a few set menu/tasting menu options and also an a la carte menu to choose from.  we went a la carte ordering the scallops and crab cakes for starters and a lamb curry and roasted duck dish for mains.  (i apologise as the names of all these dishes is long forgotten!! thankfully not the taste though)  before our starters arrived we were treated to a little mug of spicy tomato soup that was delicious and warm if a wee bit on the spicer side for me.  starters arrived in good time and the scallops came in their shells with a delightful sauce and the crab cakes with a nicely dressed side salad.  we spilt everything and i have to say it was all delicious.  the crab cakes especially as they were full of crab and really well blended spices that were both warming while also giving a slight kick at the end.  they were washed down well with our cocktails.  mains arrived next and were just outstandingly good.  i've eaten a lot of curries, but these were just so above anything i'd tried before.  the spices were well blended and so flavourful the duck and lamb was super tender and everything just made my mouth happy with a palate of spice, warmth, and general deliciousness.  although we were getting full, we did struggle to eat the majority of the meal because neither of us wanted it to go to waste!  also we managed to squeeze in dessert, jenny the poached pear and me the seasonal dessert of warm chocolate cake with liquid centre.  all delicious with cinnamon and hazelnut ice creams.overall an incredibly amazing meal!  the prices are a bit higher than you'd pay for a normal indian, but well worth it.  i cant' wait to go back!!
5	I'm wavering between a 4 and a 5 star - really in this case, there isn't much in it. By the time I stop writing you will know which way I went...I've been curious to try Mithas for a while - it's definitely going for the fine dining edge and service is efficient, brisk and detailed. We, unfortunately, didn't dress for the occasion, but thankfully were not turfed out for such insolence. Now, this review, being during the World Cup, will be a tale of two halves. First Half - FoodOne of these days I'll return for the tasting menu, I think that will be fun times. First, we were presented with a drink - passionfruit and pomegranate I think, the waitress forgot to tell us, and we forgot to ask. It was lovely, nonetheless. It came with a selection of dips that could be matched with our starters - tomato and beetroot, spiced tomato chutney etc. They looked lovely, but I was so engrossed in the starter, I clean forgot to try them.For starters, we split the vegetarian platter - it was a little awkward, as everything came out in 2's, but there was three of us. But, apart from that, the food itself, as my fellow diner commented, was a really refreshing change, with nary a deep fried dish in sight. Fried paneer with a spicy edge; a cake made of yam (for me, too soggy); spinach cake stuffed with figs (my favourite); and mushrooms, also stuffed and spiced (too spicy for me). Next up: mains. Chicken for the Silent Reviewer, South Indian prawn curry for the divine Ms M and for myself, baby aubergines. Again, the aubergine was a little too spicy for me, and my tastebuds died in a spice overload, but the prawn curry was lovely, creamy, and formed a tasty contrast to my dish. We also had the bread basket (I've had better naan elsewhere, but they were ok) and pilau rice. The portion sizes were good as well - not excessive, nor too small, that we all finished up satisfied. Dishes were not greasy either, another win for Mithas. Overall - food was lovely, well cooked (and cooked fresh, so you do have to wait) and nicely presented. Next time I'll have to ask to tone down the spice to make it more palatable for me, and that 4 stars will go up to 5. Second Half - DrinksAlright, so we had had a couple of wines before entering, and if we hadn't, we probably would have been much more behaved on the drinks front, but boy, I'm glad that our inhibitions had been cast aside, because WE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE (even if my head did hurt a little this morning). The Divine Ms M and I both opted for the cocktail sampling menu (poor, poor sober Silent Reviewer was our designated driver). This menu more than matched the food menu. Five cocktails for twenty pounds is an absolute steal as well, especially at this level of quality. Starting out with a watermelon and vodka aperitif (ginger, crushed watermelon and vodka) was a winning start. Every flavour was nicely balanced and outrageously good. It was then I met the love of my lift that evening ( a girl can have many, many loves of course) - hazelnut and sparkling wine - just hands down phenomenal - I would drink that forever. This was swiftly followed up with a Jack Daniels martini - from the coolness of watermelon and sweetness of hazelnut, it was a shock to the tastebuds, but a good one - the abrasiveness of the whisky tempered by the mixologist (involving pineapple) to a much more smooth level. Then onto the Red Salute - a fruitier, sweeter number with lychee that had been the original draw for me - but actually more forgettable than some of it's predecessors. Finally, a Guilty Pleasure - a creamy frothy number with jasmine tea that just tasted like a boozy chai tea, a dreamy way to draw our way to a close and for us to pour ourselves out and into the car home. ** the cocktail tasting menu was *technically* supposed to be served at the bar with bar snacks - but we didn't notice that when we ordered, and got it anyway. As the waitress first warned us - you will have 7 shots and 115ml of sparkling wine, so please me hearties... do not drink this menu and think to drive!Summary: Food 4 stars, but more like 4.5 going on 5Cocktails: 3/5 for me were the best cocktails I have ever tasted; the remaining 2 were worthy runners up. 5 starsService: 5 stars, nice even when the restaurant was closing up and we were the only ones leftAlright you got me - this is 5 stars of deliciousness. A fantastic way to spend a Saturday night!
5	Everything here is perfect, from service to food! They were very attentive on our table and took care of very little detail! We had a family dinner and the food was superb. As a vegetarian I just wish some of the tasting menu was not so repetitive, but it didn't impact on our experience there at all.We took 3 bottles of champagne and they took it away keeping them cold and brought just in a perfect flow! Would definitely go again on our next visit to the family in Edinburgh.Thanks for all this wonderful team!
