4	There's still no grocery in the Hill, so many Hill residents come here by bus to do their shopping. There are always lots of folks standing around in the parking lot socializing, which brings a smile to my face. The store itself is small by Giant Eagle standards so selection is limited, but I can't complain about having a major grocery store right in the heart of the south side. Also, you can park in their lot on Friday and Saturday nights while you're partying it up on Carson Street. Ignore the signs about towing unauthorized cars - that has never been enforced.
2	Gross. Busy. Morning cashiers on their phones walking around ignoring customers using profanity. Where are the managers?
3	This poor Giant Eagle.  It leaves much to be desired.  It's the forgotten Giant Eagle amongst all the kings of the Market District Giant Eagles.  It's the Red Headed Step Child of the Giant Eagles.  I lovingly call it Ghetto Bird.My fav Giant Eagle is the one in the Waterfront.  But since I live in Mt. Washington sometimes it's just not worth it to sit in traffic on 376 when I need a mid week grocery run but don't have the time to battle traffic.  This is my middle resort, considering the Mt. W Foodland is the absolute LAST resort (ONLY for canned food).  A cop greets you as you walk in the door, nice touch. There's also usually at least a couple people having a very nice conversation, with themselves...It's great entertainment while you're trying to find the whole wheat spaghetti.  They're usually pretty well stocked and have mostly everything I need.  The only downer is if I need my quick/cheap sushi fix iti isn't made fresh in house....so whatever they get in is questionable....and I avoid it at all costs.  Also, their organic section is pretty small compared to Market Districts.  Oh well, you can't have it all at Ghetto Bird.  But I'm ok with it for the location....
1	The unwanted step-child of the Giant Eagle stores.If the rumors are true about competition moving into the South Side maybe they'll do a nice remodel of this place and add some space.  If it weren't for the awful placement of the bus stop that seems to draw some trashy people and the constant blaring of music from people showing off their cars in the parking lot, it might actually feel a lot safer to walk to and from the store.  For such a prime area as the South Side, it's such an odd location to have a plaza with stores in it.  It's like no one were to see these store and it just got pushed back out of sight from Carson St.  Fells other worldly.  One thing I don't miss since I don't live in the South Side anymore.
2	It's close to home, so this is where I go to do my grocery shopping. I have nothing useful to say when it comes to this Giant Eagle as a store. But the pharmacy? Ugh!I had three prescriptions faxed over by my doctor's office. A leisurely 45-minute walk later, I'm at the pharmacy, ready to get my medication and head home. But no, my medications are not ready. They will take another 15-20 minutes. I sigh, and walk around the store for a while, trying to entertain myself. Finally, I go back, and am ready to pay for my medicine. Wait. There should be three, not just two. Which one is missing? The one that is most important. I had to wait ANOTHER 45 minutes for them to fill one prescription AFTER waiting almost a half hour! There was no apology. There was no attempt to fill the missed prescription faster. Problems like this have been happening to me for years, until I have finally made it clear to both my doctor and the pharmacist that I will not be returning to this pharmacy if I can help it.On the other hand, I'm friends with one of the guys in the deli, and it's fun to go pester him when he's working!
2	I live five blocks from this store and I usually will drive the five miles out of my way to go to the one at the waterfront.  This place is small, but that isn't the issue.  It's two stars based purely on shopping experience.  This location has a bus stop at the edge of it's parking lot and it seems to attract a certain type of clientele.  Loud and obnoxious, completely uncontrolled children. The majority of the cashiers are miserable unless they are yelling across registers to each other about their personal lives or when they are taking their next break..  I've been yelled at by the jitney drivers that occupy the side of the lot for taking "their" parking spaces.   The summertime "freegans" or traveler kids like to hang out over by the redbox and I've seen at least a couple of them making that corner their personal toilet.   Panhandlers ask for cigarettes as you walk in the door.  Giant Eagle does not seem to care who camps out on their property, and this is the main flaw at this location.  Ghetto Bird indeed.
3	Pros -- There is a red box here and it carries some stuff that Aldi does not have, like Rye bread and Corned beef for some homemade Ruebens.  It is also pretty close to my house and stays open pretty late.  I can also go here to get an EZ pass, I am just too lazy.  Cons -- Generally a bit dirty and the produce is a bit spendy and crappy.  Middles -- The self-check is usually ok.  There is typically a machine for just credit cards so those who know what they are doing can fly through the line.  Unfortunately, this machine has started telling me to "put the lotion in the basket" even though the lotion is in the basket.  You just have to push the scale down a little and get back to scanning.
3	2.5 I Suppose.This store is always busy. I understand most Giant Eagles are this way, but I wish that their cashiers could somehow work this out to have more than 3 lanes open at any given time. I don't really do too much grocery shopping here, but I check out their weekly ad online. They (referring to all Giant Eagles) normally have a deal on coffee every week- one week may be Maxwell House the next week is Folgers. Yesterday I bought Folger's 100% Columbian for $6.99 and it is normally $11.99. All of the regular Folgers were also on sale & normally 10.99. It was nice saving 5 bucks.What wasn't nice was waiting in line almost 15-20 minutes for one item. Of course all of the self check out were open, but like always at this location, the line dragged through the store. Plus I don't have the best of luck with self check outs. The self check out normally  calls for assistance every other item which is a giant pain... sooo I decided to wait in one of the longer regular check out lanes. There were only 3 open and all were extremely long. The line really doesn't have anywhere to go, so while in line multiple shoppers are trying to get through you. I noticed a shorter line, but the cashier's light was off so I assumed that she was heading on break. 10 minutes into my wait for one dang item, another customer said "hey miss, are you open" She replied with "yes, but i'm not turning my light on. I don't want my line too long". Are you flipping kidding me?! -_-
