5	Chancery Lane is a cute new salon inside Sola Salon.  The British themed decorations were cool and the tea set was a nice touch! Kelly is the owner and stylist and she gave me an awesome haircut.  I said, "make me look like David Beckham!"   She laughed and said "she'd do her best!"  I'm new to Vegas and lucky to find my new stylist on the first try.
5	I met Kelly through a friend after I had moved from Palm Springs and had my hair done by the same person for years. I tried going to a few different people and had some horrible experiences! I am super picky with how my blonde color comes out. I have natural ash blonde hair which tends to come out yellow, orange or brassy if it's not bleached and toned the correct way. I told Kelly from the get go what I wanted and explained how I wanted my hair to be white/platinum blonde, and she did just that! She listened and had a lot of up to date knowledge on what she was doing. She made me feel comfortable and my hair looked amazing! Kelly is an incredible stylist and I would recommend her to anyone!
5	Kelly M. is amazing!! I'm so sad I'm moving when I finally found a stylist that does hair right. She took her time and explained every step she was doing. I was nervous getting color and a Brazilian blowout before my wedding, but I'm so happy I went to her!! I seriously haven't stopped getting compliments and I really feel like she genuinely cared about making my hair better than before.  And she was as nice/sweet as she was professional! Definitely recommend!
5	Kind of a coincidence oh how I found this place. I was looking for a new hairdresser and came to Sola Salons to see what this place was about. Kelly happen to be walking in as I was trying to find a hairdresser. We ended up going over to her salon and sat and talked about my hair, set me up with an appointment and did such an amazing cut with a split end treatment. I went back to have her fix the color another salon had messed up. And I was so excited with how well she matched the picture I had shown her. I thought I wasn't able to find someone I could trust as many others have either dried out my hair or cut it wrong. But she made me feel at ease and utterly comfortable.Kelly is amazing and I will continue to go back and have her work on putting my hair back to its original form: Beautiful!
