4	The One-Stop Shop.Something old, something new.I like the collection of frocks and outerwear.Also the accessories are fun. And the vintage frames are great! Dandelion tends to be the first place I check out if I'm looking for something unique or for a piece to complete a costume. A surprising amount of my wardrobe favorites are from Dandelion.Its just a fun shop! (that I miss dearly!)(That being said it can still be very hit or miss, but so are a lot of shops)
3	They were having a 50% off sale, which intrigued me greatly.  I sauntered in in the middle of the afternoon on a Sunday.  They were dead.  There was one employee there.  She saw me as I walked in, and I smiled and said hi.  I got nothin'.  I figured perhaps she didn't hear me, but whatever.  I walked around, browsing through the racks of very cool coats (I am a whore for accessories).  The Holier Than Thou Employee continued on about her work very near me, but never once looked at me or said anything.  It was like I was invisible (a super power that sounds better than it really is).  My lack of hipness and disaffectedness made me leave before trying anything on.  Still, if you can hit up that sale before it goes, I would suggest doing so.  They had some seriously great things there....and they're not expensive when they're 50% off!
5	The best thrift store I've been to outside a major city.I rarely leave without finding something I love (AND HAVE TO HAVE!) and they stock everything from the occasional obi sash to fedoras to wigs to bridesmaid gowns to bomber jackets.Sarah's impeccable taste ensures an incredible selection of pieces that really reflect their provenance: fifties dresses are cut like fifties dresses. Eighties blouses are true polyester eighties blouses. There are obscure labels and strange finds. It's the kind of place where you find a floaty skirt and automatically know it would make a great dress so you strap it 'round your chest and vogue in front of the mirror.There are boots to match in the corner, you know.The part I love the most is that the store is kept up so well that I never walk out with Goodwill hands and I don't feel like I need to give the clothing a chemical shower before I wear it. No wonder they've been around so long.
3	Highlights of Sunday's trip to Dandelion: - A sequined blazer befitting a 70's gameshow host - A rabbit fur coat straight out of Siberia - Horribly awesome 80's prom dresses - Pants in every conceivable color of pleather - A sweater vest festooned with images of playful cats That being said, while this stuff was undoubtedly fun to dig through, could anyone actually wear it "for real"? This place is great with Halloween right around the corner, but what about the other eleven months of the year? Most pieces seemed far too extreme for the average person to pull off. On the plus side, however, the woman working behind the counter didn't seem to have any issues with us documenting our more outrageous finds with our camera phones. While we wouldn't be able to wear most items on the street, at least we could have fun with them in the store.
3	Great cheap sunglasses.  I have about 15 pair from there.  They had the best watches in town, but they lost a star when they went away.  I have never looked at the clothing because I wont wear used clothing, not there is anything wrong with that.  Just not for me.  But again, great sunglasses.
4	Given its prime location, this little vintage shop is a pleasant way to pass some time while you're visiting downtown Champaign.  Aside from offering clothes for both men and women, Dandelion also sells belts, wigs, shoes, and incense.  The merchandise is mostly targeted towards people with a more eclectic fashion aesthetic, but I've purchased many of my favorite accessories from this shop, including earrings and winter hats.  As for the interior of the store, products are packed into neat racks and shelves that encourage browsing.  Clothes are also organized by color and clothing type, which makes it easy to search for a particular garment you might already have in mind.  Luckily, Dandelion also has dressing rooms, unlike some used clothing shops.The clothes are frequently more expensive than what I'm willing to pay for used goods, but that's the magic of advertising an item as "vintage" vs. "used."  However, the store owner has been gracious enough to lower the price on broken or torn items I've purchased.  During previous years, Dandelion has also offered outrageously excellent sales in February (or one of the other winter months), so it's a good time to stock up on wacky outfits you might otherwise hesitate to buy.
3	I used to live basically right above this place and would wander in from time to time. It's fun to look around for sure, but the prices are a bit much though. That being said, if you are in a pinch for some crazy event or even for Halloween and need something and price is no issue, this is your spot. There really are some great items in there, I guess I'm just not a vintage-clothes-wearer :(
3	I don't know I just wasn't that impressed. It was a neat little store and the employees were super friendly but I couldn't find much (then again when I buy used I usually go to salvation army). I walked out with a dress that was 30 bucks and I have yet to wear. Maybe it's hit or miss? I just didn't find it that great.
5	really rad!!!
5	I came here with a friend this summer. We had a blast! This place is filled with awesome fun old things! And it's even clean! I found an old pair of Bandolinos that I actually used to have and ruined. I was certain I would never have shoes like these again. When I found them here, and in my size! It was the greatest day! I can't wait to go back to Champaign and visit this place again : )
2	Let's start with what I like about Dandelion since I don't think they're TERRIBLE (Yelp says 2 stars is for a "Meh" review):It smells nice, they have the incense I like.Their hours are more reasonable than Carrie's.My fiance got some amazing pants there.What I don't like:Their size selection is terrible, I'm plus sized and I can rarely find anything that would fit. This is a very common problem and I know they're not contractually obligated to buy my size, but I would spend $40 on a dress they bought for $2 from Goodwill if they had it!Their organization. Organizing by color... why? WHY? Some of their clothes are literally falling apart and still marked at full price.
3	As far as vintage stores in rural areas go, Dandelion is holding its own reasonably well.  I didn't find anything, but even in LA that's not unusual.I agree with Nadja H. that organizing by color is maddening, but that wasn't what I saw when I visited earlier this month... maybe they changed?  Regardless, I still didn't fully understand the organization system of the womens wear.  Mens items were very clear.The woman working the register was friendly and helpful.
5	I found my fringed leather jacket here and even though my sixteen year old son says, "I look confused"  I'm a happy camper
4	I'm not a vintage clothing expert or anything, so maybe I'm not the best person on the planet to review a place like this. I'm a thrift-store dweller. I was in Chambana and I needed new shoes. I saw this place and I figured -- why not?I ended up finding a nice pair of Converse -- barely used, if they were at all -- for a really solid price. The girl behind the counter was playing fantastic music and we talked for a while and the general vibe of the place was positive.My girlfriend was displeased with the way things were organized, and didn't end up finding anything. I was kind of on a mission, so I didn't end up going through shirts.Worth noting: they have better hours than most vintage shops or thrift stores.I'll agree with the general feeling that Goodwill shirts shouldn't be marked up and sold for a premium, but hey: we got the marketplace we asked for. They're just doing their thing, guys.Sometimes, you can find forest-green Converse in just your size for just the right price, and spend the whole time talking about Deerhunter. Can't go wrong there.
