1	The technician came to our home as a result of a warranty claim filed with our home warranty.  The technician (Joe) came in and told us that the unit was low on freon and he was just going to charge it up and go.  When he was asked why he wasn't going to locate the leak, he replied "well I'm really busy, have to get to a parts supplier before they close, and it's also REALLY hot in your attic".  When we asked if the freon went out again would we have to pay the service call fee through the warranty company again, they said "yeah that's how they work".  Needless to say, we "convinced" him that it would be better to explore for a leak and then he tells us "well I can only inspect 1/2 of the coil so I'm still not sure if there's a leak there.  Stay AWAY from this company.  They tried to pull one over on my wife and it wasn't until she said she needed to call her husband that the tech seemed to backpeddle on what he was saying.  They seem to have their name wrong...should be "You'll Need A Better Air Conditioning Company".
5	Just Better Air has completed work for me on two houses that I have lived in. They are very thorough, trustworthy,  and take care to complete the job correctly. They also have fair pricing. After working late,  Joe even came back the next day to double check his work!
1	Worst company ever!!! We only used them due to filing a claim with our home warranty company. They gave us a 5 hour window of when they would be out. Thank God my husband had the day off. They showed up and told my husband that they had fixed the problem. They also gave us a quote on replacing the duct work. We've never had problems with our air before. Not even 24 hours later the problem continued. I called the company back to let them know that they needed to send someone out and they refused. They said that they did all they could do and unless we did their repairs(between $2k-4k) it would keep happening. He was very rude and disrespectful to me. I told him that I would be giving him bad reviews and letting the home warranty people know. He said he was fine with it bc he would be calling them himself.
5	I called Just Better Air to do a check up on my rental property, just to make sure everything was in good condition before the new tenants moved in. Joe came and did a thorough check up and said everything was ok. He seemed very knowledgeable about his profession and conducted himself in a professional manner. I read the other reviews on here about some negative feelings regarding home warranty claims. Having been in the home services industry for many years myself, I can appreciate the frustration of the reviewers but, their beef should be with the home warranty company, not the service company. The warranty company pays the service company to repair a specific problem, not to provide ongoing services and repairs.I would recommend Just Better Air Conditioning to anyone that wants a knowledgeable technician who will be up front and honest about what he finds.
2	If I could write a review for the technician it would be good (4 stars) we were given Roland for our tech he was nice professional and communicated everything with my wife and I. As for the company they are a 1 star. I've had to have Rolland come out 3 different times to service my swamp cooler only because they don't stock parts in their work trucks. I saw the work order Rolland submitted to the company listing my house to be done A.S.A.P. I'm still waiting for them to get back out to rectify the issues im having with my swamp cooler. Its been about 7 business days and my swamp cooler is still not fully working. Will not ever use this company again.
