1	This has to be one of the worst post offices I've been to. With only one or two windows open, the lines and wait time are unnecessarily long. The attitudes of the clerks range from rude to dry and service is not efficient. I wasted 30 minutes of life waiting in line yesterday  because there was only one clerk. The best thing I did was just to walk out instead of wasting more of my time.
1	Loved slipping and falling on the wet floor at 8 months pregnant with no concern from anyone except the other customers in line. A "wet floor" sign would have been nice. Why is there only one person there every single time? How is he/she supposed to man a whole lobby area if he/she is stuck behind the counter? The employee to customer ratio is very irresponsible and inappropriate. If I could, I'd give absolutely no stars.
3	The US Post Office powers decided long ago when they started losing money that having better customer service and hiring more employees would not help bring in more customers, so those of us who still snail mail are punished by long lines and lone clerks. This location in particular is designed to protect the single clerk from a customer with a nuclear warhead, as the post office powers also decided to take it upon themselves to draw the lines between neighborhood classes in the most obvious and stereotypical ways possible. Honestly, the clerks in my experience are probably underpaid and under trained, but I haven't found them to be rude or unpleasant. They're stuck in a bad situation, but everything I've mailed has gotten to its destination clean and complete. That's all they can control, and they do pretty ok. No kiosk, but parking in front. Trade off.
2	First, a tip people, go elsewhere.Although this is a large location, do not let that fool you.  I walked in and though it would be a quick stop so I could send out one piece of mail and what I got was a twenty minute wait in line.  The attendants at the windows were about as pleasant as a porcupine during bath time.  A simple smile can go a long way.The wait seems longer in here as the lighting is horrible and so dim that you feel as if you may be in line to see the principal.  And it doesn't help matters that you can see employees behind the window wondering around aimlessly instead of opening another window to get the long line to move faster.  I am quite certain too that the windows here at the desk are to deter you from hearing anything they say and vice versa.When I went to leave, I probably looked like a lab rat trying to get out of a lab maze.  I attempted to open the "out" door and it was locked.  Are you trying to keep me in to make my mood worse?  More than likely, I will go to another location next time to mail anything.
2	We all know that going to the post office anywhere in general is a waste of time, with long lines and people at the counter who could care less about being there. However, this post office is even a tier below that. I've been here twice and will never go back. Both times, the wait was unbearably long, with women behind the counter who acted as though they were doing prison detail. One of the workers told me I had to fill out another form for a package I wanted to send and stand back in line again. I finished the form, said "screw that," and marched myself back up and handed the completed form to her. She took it grudgingly and I vowed never to stop in again. From my experience, there is not a good post office in this city, but at least head over to the Bloomfield branch on Liberty, where my experience has been mildly better.
1	My least favorite post office.  They're slow, never have enough help and the worst thing they did across the board was taking out the machines that sold postage stamps. Its even congested when u try to use the drive up to mail a letter. Its like people pull up to the mail box then fill out the envelope. I have my letter in hand and I always have to wait. #shameful
1	Prepare to wait in line. Surprisingly,  there are two clerks here today instead of one. Not sure why this branch does not have a stamp machine.  Here's a tip...come with your packages ready to ship and keep a  sharpie on your person.
