3	By default, this is my local grocer. I try my best to get my groceries elsewhere, but in winter, I prefer a one-stop shop, so I can hibernate for most of the week without having to hop from one specialty store to another. This particular Metro is pretty good, though they are terrible with pricing. If I am searching for the chicken breast that is one sale, you can bet that the sale tag will not be above the chicken that is on sale.That issue aside, they have a pretty good selection of organic meats and though the organic vegetables and fruit selection is very limited, I can usually find what I am looking for when it is in season. The fish counter offers a selection of sustainable fish options and I do enjoy their fairly large cheese counter. Overall, I actually prefer this Metro over Loblaws, even though I am a fan of many of the Presidents Choice options.
1	I hate this store. I try to avoid it at all costs. This is the closest grocery store to my home, and I will go out of my way and shop in La Salle just so I don't have to go to this store.Every single time I'm in this store something happens to irritate me. The staff are rude and always obnoxious. There are always line ups and no cashiers no matter if it's in the middle of the day or in the evening.  I can never find anything I'm looking for, the aisles are small and cramped. And the service, when you can get service is slow.This is the rudest store I've ever been to, and I used to shop at the Metro in other cities without any problems. But this one is full of people who just don't give a crap, and will treat the customers like crap too. As well, when ever you walk by the store, there is staff always hanging outside the doorway smoking while you're trying to get in. I make it a point to never shop here. I'd rather get my groceries at a convenience store in a gas station than shop in this place.
1	This is the closest grocery store to me, but I try as hard as possible to avoid it. I now only go for certain items like milk which they can't over charge for. Most things are too expensive here. The Fruterie next door has better produce at much better prices. Constantly understaffed. Last time I was there they didn't even have plain pitas and when I got to the cash, the clerk was blowing her nose. She then proceeded to touch all my groceries without washing her hands or using anti-bacterial foam, with both options right next to the cash! Disgusting.
1	This store just irritates me...but since it is really close to home I usually use it. My biggest gripe is ...they used to have really top quality fresh organic salmon....but for the past year they have been using a different supplier or something because its now just rubbish. The freshness is questionable, badly sliced,no consistency in sizes and the factory in Ontario removes the skin which makes it almost impossible to broil or bbq it without breaking it up..just terrible quality.I'm now activly looking for a new supply. Also they never seem to have any fresh Pacific salmon so most of the fish they carry is farmed junk. It seems to me that companies, for some mysterious unknown reason, keep finding it necassary to ruin a perfectly good and popular product be it a grocery product, a web page or a restuarant menu. Unbelievable.
4	Okay, I say upfront that I'm not a local, and I haven't gone to this store regularly. But I'm here on an extended visit, and my relatives live nearby and this is their local grocery store. As a result, I've been here over 5 times in the past 10 days alone, so these are my observances, as an American visiting:My kids and I really liked this store. I don't know how the prices here compare to elsewhere, but every time we've been here, we were impressed by the displays, the selection and the gourmet foods not a available in our local grocery stores in the States. (Sure, our stores are larger with more selection, but here there seems to be more specialty foods. Our grocery stores seem more.....generic in comparison). I was particularly impressed with the gorgeous glassed jams and jellies in unique favors; they would make a lovely gift.I agree that the bakery and deli sections are severely lacking. I wanted to get some brownies for a friend, and there were none here. That surprised me.The cashiers have all been business-like: neither rude nor friendly. At least none of them got upset with us when I didn't know how the debit/credit card machine worked and I held up the line a bit (at home we don't insert our cards I to readers, we just swipe). The parking lot for the store is small and often full. Which can be problematic.Two things I was VERY impressed with: they will load your groceries in your car for you (this isn't done in the States. At least, not in Seattle), and, most impressively, for a small fee (or for free, if you are a senior citizen), they will DELIVER all your groceries to your home! This is unheard of, where I'm from, and I think it's an amazing, amazing service!
