5	Great track, great people = great fun. I got back into RC racing after 7 years off and could not be more happy with this facility. Jim, Brian and all of the staff make you feel very welcome and never forget to tell you how grateful they are you showed up. No reason to look for another track, this is the one!
5	Good fun for the whole family.  I have been racing here since they have opened, and it is still the only track I'll visit. The track here is huge, and can take 24 to 30 seconds to lap in a good car. The staff are always friendly, and the facilities are constantly improving. I always bring my kids, and W3 has a great family vibe. Warehouse 3 is my only choice for 10th scale racing in the Valley.
5	Great family fun with RC cars!!!! If you love rc cars, big jumps, and family fun, this is the place to go. Don't have an rc car? No problem, you can rent one there. Have your own car? Bring it!So whether you have kids or are just a big kid who loves off road racing, this is the place to go. The owner is there daily and he and his employees are as nice as it gets. I'm a customer for life!
5	I race at Warehouse 3 all of the time. It is a great facility with very friendly employees I would recommend this facility to anyone that likes to race RC cars on an indoor track. The people that race there are very friendly and helpful if you are new to the hobby. Go there any day and check it out. If you have never driven an RC car before, you can rent one here and try it out.
5	Warehouse 3 is one of the best indoor tracks in the southwest. Great atmosphere helpful staff and a well run race program. If your not sure about Rc racing you can rent a short coarse truck to practice with.
5	We love Warehouse 3!  Great place for family fun!  The owner and staff treat you like family and really listen to what the racers want.  They switch up the track often enough to make it interesting.  They keep plenty of parts and new cars in stock for all your needs.  We found this place a year ago and are so happy we did!
5	Took my 6yo son here for the first time last Sunday. He has a relatively new Traxxas rc that he loves to drive. He'd been wanting to find a track and we saw this place online. The guys gave us a prorated admission fee since they were closing soon. My son had a great time and can't wait to go back!
