5	Wanted a reason to stop in.  Found one ...my granddaughter's dance recital. Stopped in about 1:30 on a Saturday afternoon and explained what I needed. I asked that the price not go over $20.I ended up with a beautiful bouquet of lilies, snap dragons, a rose, and other assortment of fresh flowers. The "stemmed" flowers had little "stemmed" water bottles put on (it was HOT outside).The total bill was $19.95.  Supermarkets couldn't have done such a great job.Love the look of the place and will most definately return. Even for no reason at all.
5	I had a really bad experience at another florist in the area and had them come back and get their flowers.  I then did what my wife said I should have done in the first place: call Jennifer at Red Mountain Florist.  She did a fantastic job!  For the same budget I gave to the other place, she built a beautiful, rose-filled, giant bouquet for my mother-in-law (her birthday).  It was at least twice as densely packed as the other florist's attempt, plus had lots of gorgeous roses where the other one had none.  I've learned my lesson.  I will only use Red Mountain Florists from now on.
5	I posted this previously on Google:Red Mountain Florist, Inc. was great. Besides buying flowers at the grocery store on V-Day (almost always forgotten about and last minute), I had never actually ordered flowers before and didn't have a clue what I was doing. They were super helpful and understanding and worked with me to find an arrangement that would be appropriate for the situation. I will defiantly use Red Mountain Florist, Inc. again when ordering flowers in the Mesa/Phoenix, Arizona area. Cheers guys, thanks again for your help!
5	Florists can be a huge gamble but this one delivered the same day I ordered and the flowers were incredible. Very fresh and lasted for a week. I will definitely use them again and recommend them to you.
5	Just placed an order while I was driving on I40, for delivery Monday.Person answering phone very professional and helpful.YELP is my help.
1	They must use a call center to place orders.  I missed placing an order by their cut off time by 8 minutes.   Refused to take an order but I can drive down to the store and risk them not being able to fill order.  If I had time to drive store to store looking for what I needed, I wouldn't have bothered calling in the first place.  If a business is going to use a call center to take orders and the cut off is done, then we should be able to reach the business to be able to find out if they can fill an order.  If you don't have time to answer my call, you don't have time for my money!
2	When I had the consultation for all the wedding flowers I specifically said multiple times NO greenery, NO green leaves. For the photoshoot ( a week prior to the wedding thank heavens) they dropped off my bouquet engulfed and surrounded by green leaves. I had to take them out myself and call them and ask to have a few extra roses dropped off to fill in what was taken out, she was not happy with that. Sorry but these pictures last forever so do your job right and happily fix it when it's not please. Then if that wasn't a mistake to correct a week later on my wedding day the cake topper was engulfed in leaves! And I saw it too late to fix. I'm still so sad, my cake was absolutely beautiful and I am frustrated because the cake topper changed the whole look of it and it didn't match anything. The first time I can let it go, but I don't know how they could miss that AGAIN. On the wedding day. Other than that the flower arrangements were absolutely beautiful. Stunning bouquet (the second time around) and everything else was done so beautifully and just as I had imagined.
5	I bought flowers online for a family member in the hospital. This florist called the hospital to verify delivery and delayed for a day because the patient was in ICU. The flowers arrived and were described as "beautiful". Thank you.
5	Love their Red Mountain Florist seasonal items like pumpkin spice products etc. Very nice store, polite staff. I love that they don't have a ton of choice like in other stores, so it's always an easy and quick shopping trip.
1	Considering you are commenting on this six months later, you OBVIOUSLY do not remember the conversation.   I was looking to order a boutonniere to pick up.  I was not tooking for a large order for delivery during the weekend.  A single rose, some baby's breathe, heck, I wasn't even picky.  It's not ok to use the "excuse" of being a small family owned busy business on a holiday weekend. But the point still stands!  That is what the phone is for. These are the facts. I called your business.  I reached an order-taker....who refused to connect me to your actual store.  I was not able to find out if you could provide the service I needed by phone.  I was told to drive to your location and make an inquiry, that I might get lucky but no guarantees. Sounds more like a call center who takes an order, not family owned.  A family member can always reach family. Seriously!!!!  If you have an "ORDER CUT-OFF deadline" where you dont take any more orders, WHY waste peoples' time sending them to your store?  Because you don't want to lose out on $$$. It's ok because I did find another "small, family-owned florist" by phone who managed to take care of my needs beautifully on the same busy day and she was in the same boat as you....only she had no trouble taking 5 minutes to answer my call AND make the boutonniere.  They got 5 stars, you get 1.
