1	When i first had called to make an appointment the lady sounded unfriendly. I should of hung up in that very instance and kept searching. It was a total red flag.From the moment I walked into this place the staff looked at me up and down with stink eye. I was so uncomfortable and to top it off I was going in for a colonic, double wammy. The lady came and got me and we went in to the room. I was told to change and lay on this bed and that she was to insert it. I had no idea it was so hands on. If your looking for a more private setting where there warm and friendly DO NOT GO HERE, mabe if your an a-list celebrity you"ll be treated with common courtesy even at that I dont think so. Atleast the lady that took care of me was somewhat nice and commpasionate. I wont be back....
5	I have lost 25 pounds in 33 days. I have supplied Bouari Clinic NV my before and after photos. You can easily check me out on their Facebook too. On my first diet day I admit I did feel a bit stange but immediately after that it just got easier. Surprisingly for me even though I read and read all about the program I did indeed have the energy, no hunger and lost pounds, real pounds. And yes a lot of them. There were days where I didn't lose but all of a sudden on a different day I noticed I dropped 2 pounds just like that. So in a week I did lose like 7 pounds. The only real cost I had was buying new clothes!
5	I just finished the 50-day program and could not be happier with my results. I lost 34 pounds and 29 inches!!! My back no longer hurts and I have been sleeping like a baby. I just started on the 21-day maintenance portion and am hoping to drop another 10 by the time I am finished with this phase. I'm going to take a break for a couple of weeks (to enjoy a few carbs!) and then go back on 23-day program to drop the rest of the weight I want to lose. I have nothing bad to say about this diet. The 500 calories a day scared me at first but I was NEVER hungry! I sometimes had to force myself to eat. I've gained a whole new respect for veggies and fruits, and I really don't have any more cravings for junk food. This diet will change your mindset on what you put in your mouth. Thanks again Bouari for helping me get back into all the skinny clothes hidden at the back of my closet!
5	I have lost over 70 pounds and am on the verge of turning 60 years young.  I didn't expect to feel this good and work with such nice people.  The office on Sahara is wonderful.  If you work the program it works.  It's not easy, but what is.
2	I spoke with JR on the phone a few weeks ago. He took my credit card info for a 60 day program and told me the product would be shipped the next day and I would receive it by the following mid-week. At the end of the following week I hadn't received the product. so I called the Las Vegas office and asked what was up. The woman I spoke to said they could not ship the product until I completed an emailed health questionnaire. I told her that JR never mentioned the questionnaire but did take my credit card info and told me the product was to have been shipped the next day. I asked to speak with JR and he called me back. I asked him why he didn't tell me about the health questionnaire yet promised the product would be shipped promptly. He said the health questionnaire is a new thing and he forgot about it. I'm thinking that this may not be a wholly accurate statement. What do you think? So, he said, we will send you the questionnaire via email, you complete it and send it back us and the product will be mailed to you on Monday. I complied, filled out the questionnaire, sent it back and took JR at his word that the product would be mailed on Monday. Tuesday, I received a call from a woman telling me that they needed to know who I had been talking to before they could mail the product. I said, "JR - and since the product was supposed to have reached me last week can you do an overnight shipment?"  They were going to call me back on that, and never did. Today, which is the following Monday, I called again and spoke to a man asking when my product would arrive. I held while he spoke to shipping and then he told me that I can expect the product in three days. I asked him when it was mailed and he said he had no idea, the folks in shipping were busy and did not tell him. Again, I'm thinking that his statement may not be wholly accurate. If and when I ever do receive the product it will be interesting to see the mail date. Perhaps I WILL one day receive the product and perhaps it will be wonderful and I will lose 25 pounds and achieve my goal. If so, I will write another review with more stars. But up to this point, administratively they are like the Keystone Cops.
5	I was referred to Boauri Clinic by  a friend and he suggested I do the Viora treatment which removes fat without going into surgery. Under the consultation of Dr. Carol Ann Chaney, I lost 8 lbs with only 2 sessions. Thank you Dr. Chaney for everything. It's quick and simple and I am definitely going to recommend both Bouari and Viora.
5	Today was my first visit since the change in ownership, I was very happy with my results using their machine, Viora.  I see instant smoothing and tightening in my butt and thighs from this procedure.... Best of all is it was absolutely painless. With these results I will definitely be back and hopefully be in tip, tight shape for my vacation to Costa Rica
