2	This place opened in April, 2011.  I honestly don't think it will be here long.  They've done a good job of hanging doorknob flyers and having a guy stand out on Elliot Road waving a sign, so they got my attention and I took the plunge and bought a pizza.The premise is that an all-natural pizza will be fundamentally better than one made from non-organically produced food products.  I beg to differ and they've proven me correct.  I called the order in and when they told me the pizza would be ready in 10 minutes I thought "Wow, either they already have this in the oven, or they're taking a shortcut."  No, they aren't psychic...   ...which means...I got to the shop a couple minutes before the pizza emerged from the standard conveyor belt pizza oven commercial establishments use these days.  I'm thinking that to make the pizza totally hip and cool they would use a charcoal fired oven, using fuel from a sustainable second growth wood plantation.  Not a chance.  This franchise would close even sooner if they had.After getting home 5 minutes later, my kids (college age) and I partook of the pie.  The crust is good in that it's whole wheat and has a nice "chew" to it with a nutty wheat taste.  It isn't the typical Pizza-Rut "so-much-grease-it-fries" crust, but a good yeasty bread crust.  That's where the goodness ends.  I bought one of their "favorites" products (I'm not divulging which, as they have my name and phone #, and I'm certain it wouldn't take long to figure out who ordered what), and it was in a word, bland.  I mean, the CostCo Combo at $10 is a tastier pie, and a similarly priced Nello's pie puts this one to shame.To their credit they do offer a gluten-free crust for those who need one.  I'm not one of those people and I have no motivation to get a gluten-free crust.  Sorry.  In summary, for one night I actually ate somewhat healthy, but long term I'm keeping my clothes on.
5	There seems to be three types of pizza.  Chicago style, New York style, and the pizza that we actually buy and eat.  These days you go to a pizza joint and ask for thin crust and they say, "Sure, we've got non-existent crust."  And you say, "Yeah, I'll get the non-existent crust." Maybe I'm watching my weight; maybe I just don't like that much bread underneath my cheese; maybe it's none of your business.  And they say, "Yeah, that's good because our crust sucks." So it's great that there's actually a pizza joint where I can get some crust with character - crust with taste.  And the fact that I can get a slightly healthier pizza for my daughter is a plus that is hard to pass up as she could live off of pizza if one could actually live off of eating only mushroom pizza.  How a five-year old ever convinced herself to like mushrooms I'll never know.  My wife loves the skinny pizza with pineapple, feta cheese, hold the mozzarella, jalapenos, and onions.  Yeah, I know, that pizza makes even less sense than a five year old eating mushrooms.  Personally, I'm settling on a peperoni and basil combo with full crust.
5	After seeing mixed reviews, I deceided to try it.  My husband and I ordered a 14" original crust, sausage w/ 1/2 pepperoni, 1/2 mushroom.  I thought it was very good.  The wheat dough is very yummy and I was even more excited to find out it was only 4 pts for 4 slices on my WW diet.Very friendly service.  It's not your typical greasy, cheesy pizza which I love as well.  But if you are trying to be health conscious, this is for you.
2	My review is a bit overdue seeing as how we actually ordered from Naked Pizza a few weeks ago.Had some friends over for game 7 of the NBA finals and had been wanting to try out this place. So we called in an order and brought it back. We ordered the Mediterranean, the Farmvil and a plain cheese pizza. We weren't given a crust option so thin is what we got, paper thin.The ingredients were all really good quality. But the sauce didn't really stand out, and to me, that's the most crucial ingredient.There's really nothing else in the immediate area to compete with Naked Pizza, business-wise, but I don't really think this place will be a huge success. I'll probably give it another go sometime down the line, but a couple nights ago I opted to drive a little bit out of the way for a better pie, and better value. It's a bit overpriced for what you're getting.
2	I want this pizza to be better than it is, if they could change a few things it probably would be as good as they claim. I gave them a fair shake and waited to write this review after ordering from them 4 times. Thin crust Pizza should be CRISP, mine was a soggy undercooked mess drowning in sauce, and skimping on toppings. Original crust Pizza was also undercooked and drowning in sauce with a lack of toppings, some of which they even forgot. -PLEASE use a light hand when saucing the pizzas and don't just squirt a pile of BBQ sauce on from the bottle, it should be evenly applied with a ladle and a swirl too. How does the pizza have time to cook when it arrives literally 15 minutes after I hang up the phone? I'm more concerned about quality than I am about your speedy delivery. -PLEASE take the time to thoroughly cook those pizzas! It seems when I order a pizza with meat for my man it's loaded with meat but when I order a veggie one for myself they tend to be stingy, especially with mushrooms for some reason. -PLEASE be generous with the veggies if I order a pizza with no cheese or meat! Fresh Herbs mean just that, FRESH, but when they are put on the pizza before baking they shrivel up and dry out and lose all flavor. -PLEASE Put Herbs on the Pizza once it has come out of the oven!! One more thing, PLEASE have your phone staff go through some more training. I'm not giving up on you NAKED, but next time I order it will have to be in person so things are done right. Let's get those stars up!
1	Pizza was not what I expected could have made at home with kit from store for less.  Pizza had no toppings and was greesey. When is phoenix going to get a pizza place that its afforadable and quality.
4	Trying to eat healthier and pizza is my weakness. (so good luck to me) Therefore, I was delighted to run across Naked Pizza that allows me to do both. The pizza did not lack on taste and was priced within my budget. Will go again
4	We got a menu left on our door for this place and I was very surprised when I called and found out that we were actually in their delivery area since they are almost 6 miles away. So, we decided to give them a try. I love finding new places that are willing to deliver food to me! I thought the pizza was great. The hubby was skeptical when I told him it was "healthy" pizza but he really liked it too. We got a bbq chicken on the regular crust and also a sonoran with sausage on thin crust. Both were really good. It does cost more than the big delivery chains but I think the quality is much better as well. Since you can get lots more toppings besides the usual stuff (fresh basil and cilantro, jalepenos, black beans, artichokes, and sundried tomatoes... yum!). I would say it is more on par with the Sauce chain of pizza places and it is also a comparable price. And I thought that the bbq chicken was just as good as California Pizza Kitchen's. Even if it was not the absolute best pizza I have ever had in my life, it was cheap and fast and the real advantage is that they are healthy. My husband commented that he ate more slices than he normally would; since the crust was thin it takes more to get full. But when I compared the calorie count to the info on Pizza Hut's website, it was still over a hundred calories less for the total meal. And you are getting the benefits of the lower fat, more fiber and added probiotics. That is really important since he is diabetic. Both the person I spoke to on the phone and the delivery driver were friendly and competent. Overall, I give it two thumbs up. This may be our new go-to pizza delivery place.
2	I guess I'm used to the PPP sauce and stringy/meling cheese!  This place was clean, had teenagers at the register and they were very friendly and courteous.  Service was also quick and even had some stickers for the kiddos to stay occupied as we waited.Food: The dough tastes like an earthy wheat nutty flavor.  It was good and the kids actually ate the ends from the pizza.  Wish we had sauce for dipping.  The cheese was not melty, we don't live far, so it was still warm but I guess I was hoping for a sticky cheese falling off the pizza with a little sauce coming off the sides as I took a bite.....nope, the pizza lacked a bit of sauce and some additional flavor would've been great like salt or oregano or tomatoe.  Pepperoni was super thin, like we could see through it, would've liked a little more of that as well.The kids were excited to try "healthy pizza" and we had the special with a coupon, so less than $20 for a large 2topping with a side salad.  Pizza is meant to be eaten the unhealthy way though!
5	I am a HUGE fan of this pizza place:) It's as easy and convenient as other places,  but WAY healthier. The crust was yummy without making me sick with grease. The cheese was either really good quality or cooked perfectly - idk, but i liked it a lot. AND the pro-biotics were EXACTLY what I was hoping for. I felt great after eating their pizza - something not a lot of other pizzas can say. It is so extremely good for you, i'm surprised it turned out so well. And I really didn't think it would as easy and quick as other places. Needless to say, I'll be going here again :) Oh! And it has a vegan option right now, which i'm hesitant to try but many of you out there may be interested
5	This is THE BEST PIZZA I HAVE EVER EATEN !!!!  Amazingly fast, friendly delivery of the most amazing pizza EVER !!!  There is no other pizza joint for me.  Ahwatukee rocks!!!
5	I love this place. Great quality, awesome prices, fast delivery and really great customer service. They have custom pizzas but our favorite is the lg thin crust pima. Jalapenos, chicken, cheddar cheese and black beans! Couldn't be better.
4	Yum! We got a little flier put on our door alerting us that this place had opened right down the street. We kinda forgot about it, but one night we had a hankering for some pizza and I was too lazy to make it. I am very picky about pizza. It's gotta be a healthy crust, healthy toppings....pretty much an all around healthy pizza. This place was super yummy and the price was good too! We will def go there again!
2	This place screams, "NO"!  Indoor seating?  No.  I ate outside in the heat.  Water?  No.  I asked for a cup of water with my meal and was told they only have bottled water and soda for sale.  Straws?  No.  I walked to Safeway to get a gatorade and they don't even have a straw for me to use.  Can I use the Now Groupon for a 14" pizza?  No.  Only good for the 12".  The groupon wasn't clear and the cashier didn't tell me that until after I ordered and bought the Groupon, which I told him about when I walked in the door.  To add insult to injury, all toppings cost extra.  some are $1.90 each.  Plan to spend a lot of money and be underwhelmed with mediocre pizza if you don't head the warnings posted here.
4	We decided to head to Naked Pizza on a Friday night and found the location to be in a strip mall. We soon found that the restaurant wasn't really a restaurant but more of a storefront where you placed and picked up your order, with the exception of several small tables just outside the door. Upon entering the location was open and bright with their menu posted largely on the wall.Basically you choose the size of the pizza, crust thickness, choice of sauce, choice of cheese. and additional toppings.  As with most pizza places there are "specialty" pizzas to choose from too. Within 15 minutes of ordering our pizzas were ready and we chowed down.I definitely noticed a difference versus regular ol' pizza in the crust alone.  The ancestral blend was definitely grainy in texture and different than what I was used to.  With that being said, it was pretty darn delicious.  As always, when vegan cheese is an option I'm pretty happy about it. I think Naked Pizza could grow in many ways if a few ideas were considered.  Have a more spacious area for dine-in eating and provided plates and utensils for those interested in dining in.  We literally had to eat out of our boxes since no plates were provided.
5	Try superbiotic pizza with daiya cheeze! It's my fav vegan pizza!
5	Great Pizza, great customer service, fast delivery and on top of that it doesn't hurt my belly at all!  Thanks guys!
2	I'm going to get right at it.  My family is Gluten Free and often eat at a a neigboring resturant for Gluten Free Pizza which is not the cheepest option.  That said I was excited to try Naked Pizza.It is not price commpetitive with it's competition.  The pizza crust is terrible in comparison.  I'm sure they don't use a "brick oven."  Similar to other reviews my entire family was less than enthused about the taiste of the pizza.  Our perspecitve is different from other reviews whom I'm sure they are comparing perhaps to "non Gluten Free" options and of course there is a difference.  In our case we fully expect a Dairy Free, Veegan, Gluten free product and felt that the price per topings and quality of crust was not worth it.Will not be back.
3	The pizza base/crust tastes really earthy. The pizza otherwise is meh - the toppings were sparse, the cheese was sparse, and we ordered another with extra feta cheese  which also seemed as sparse as the original, and we didn't see anything special, just the same stuff that domino's dishes out on a better crust.
4	Just had a really great customer service experience that prompted me to write this. My bf and I LOVE the pizza here.. We love their concept, the freshness & flavor- have no complaints- except it's a bit on the pricey side. Last night we decided to order some for dinner. I checked their website to see that they close at 10pm. Great!! I scheduled a pick-up for 9:30pm. Turns out when I got there- they CLOSED @ 9pm!! Dang you inaccurate website!! Needless to say, we were disappointed & hungry. This afternoon, to my surprise & delight I received a call from Emery Esparza from Naked Pizza. She informed me that she saw my order and had forwarded it to the web people responsible for updating their hours. She called to personally apologize for the mistake and inconvenience. She then offered to comp our order from the night before. Tonight, we enjoyed a DELICIOUS, satisfying Superbiotic pizza! I have to say we're impressed at how the situation was handled so had to share our great experience. What exceptional customer service! It's very sad they will be closing soon!!
1	I was excited to try this place out.  Thanks to a newly acquired allergy, I'm living the gluten free life these days, and anywhere that caters to me and my fellow sufferers, is worth trying out.  I placed an order online for a Friday night pick-up.  Keep in mind, I don't exactly live close, but was willing to make the drive.  My order was placed several hours before pick up, and consisted of one gluten free veggie pizza, and one traditional veggie pizza, for my niece.  I left a little early, to stop and do a little shopping along the way (why make a trip for only 1 purpose).  As I pulled into the parking lot, it was easy enough to spot, considering how tiny this place is.  I walked inside, checked out the modern decor, and waited for someone to appear.  As I identified myself, I could see things starting to look bleak.  The guy helping me out (who didn't introduce himself, & didn't have a name tag on) let me know that they were out of gluten free pizzas, but would be happy to make both my pizzas traditionally.  I can see this person doesn't understand why people eat gluten free in the first place.  Obviously I was confused, and probably starting to look displeased, and as I started to ask, "What do you mean you're out of gluten free pizzas?", he interrupted me to let me know that they tried to call me and tell me.  Strange...I didn't hear my phone ring.  I took my phone out of my purse, and realized they called me 4 minutes before I was supposed to pick up my order.  Now that's just ridiculous.  They had to know I was already there, or almost there at that point.  Now I'm just ticked.  First off, who runs out of gluten free?!  Second, you obviously knew you were out, but didn't call me until I got there?!  You had more than 2 hours to call and let me know.  Wow.....now I'm just speechless...mostly because I'm hungry, and pissed, and afraid I might spontaneously combust at this point.  Although this twit has no idea about customer service or food allergies, I doubt incurring my wrath will do more than scar him for life, plus my niece was there, and lord knows that child needs a good role model in her life, so I leave hungry, and disgusted.  IF you're going to make part of your business model selling specific items that cater to allergy prone people, MAYBE you should do a better job of educating your staff, and MAYBE you should do a better job ordering supplies/ingredients, and MAYBE, just MAYBE, you should all learn what good customer service entails, because I guarantee you that experience I had could NOT have been any worse.   If I could give you less than 1 star, I would.
3	This location is now closed.
3	Pizza was good, but the price was to much for a pizza. I do like that there's lactose free, gluten free options but $20 dollars for a pizza is too much.
