1	Went here at 1:05am on the morning of January 6, 2010.The neon sign said "DRIVE THRU OPEN," but nobody answered at the order speaker.  I drove up to the second window and knocked on it until some dude opened it and looked at me like I was going to sell him a fucking vacuum.  I asked if they were open, which compelled him to just turn his head and yell to the other guy in the back to come take his place.When the other guy came up to the window I asked him why nobody answered the order speaker when I tried to order.  High as a kite, he looked me straight in the eye and said, "Ohh, dats cuz I shut off my headset fo awhile."He gave me a large water when I asked for one, which was great, but he didn't put the lid on all the way and I immediately spilled 10 ounces onto my crotch right before the big presentation.This place needs to by mystery shopped.Where's the oversight?  Whoever owns this joint is paying good money for the help to shut all the lights, untuck their shirts and smoke weed out back all night.  God forbid a customer of this 24-hour drive thru restaurant should interrupt the party.Quit smokin' dat chronic by the grease dumpsta an git yo dumb ass back in da kitchen.
1	Not one of the better taco bells around.  It looks so beautiful, but they just fall a little short on food quality and service.  I've been here a few times and both times they put way too much sour cream in my burritos (burritos shouldn't be 1/3 sour cream... ewww), and were a little slow on the assembly times.  The staff just don't really seem to care about their jobs.  The first time I went their they guy making my food had his pants down to his knees, and although his shirt was long, it still didn't get down that far... not the guy I'd want making my food.  The other time, the staff were just smoking right outside the front door, which of course was blowing into the restaurant (you guys here about the smoke-free illinois act?).     All-in-all, not so great.
1	This Taco Bell used to be pretty good, but their customer service has been in a steady decline and Taco Hell would be a more accurate business name. After not receiving part of my order, I called to inform that I wanted to come back later to get it. I also informed that when I was there it seemed very frenetic and hurried which was very unusual. It was then that I was told they lost their store manager, several associates and other various workers because of some 'controversy issue'. Sounds like they have some pretty serious issues, the first being competent help!The manager I spoke to flat out said it would be several weeks before they got back up and running they way they should as they are trying to get people trained. Question - Why stay open? Why not close your doors for a week and get your shit together? Won't you do more damage to the business by serving only half our orders or making them incorrectly or even making us wait for an unreasonable amount of time to even give you our order in the first place?Perhaps this summer they can work their way back to the friendly, fast service they used to have; although I'm not holding my breath. In the meantime, I suggest going to the store and getting items for homemade tacos.
1	Service was horrible. Ordered drive thru 15 min at the window.  Got home. 6 min drive, and all tacos were cold. Called and phone is fax line. Worse the screwed up the order.....is watched him pack a box then unpack the box, pack another box then repack the first box.
