1	Not a fan. We stayed here for one night. We arrived to be told the computer system was down. It took 30 minutes to check in with no one else in front of us. We booked a king but the room they gave us had two Queens. Very dated decor. Cold rooms with no carpeting just faux wood floors and a very  cold antiseptic feeling bathroom. Bathtub had foreign stain on the tub floor and did not drain well. For a cost of almost $200 a night , I would never stay here again.
3	I stayed here when it was a Days Inn on 3 separate occasions... I've heard they've done renovations since becoming Hotel Espresso, but I know some people that stayed there recently and their pictures clearly show they're the same rooms. I even saw some Days Inn logos in the background of the pictures. For me the appeal of this place is the location... It's only a couple of streets away from the Centre Bell, and intersects with Ste-Catherine right in the heart of downtown. As far as the hotel is concerned, it's ok at best. Cheap prices, it was only around $80 CAD per night. The rooms were clean and big enough to fit 4 guys. (2 beds & floor space) It definitely has one of the better garages in the city. It's roomy, with high enough ceilings to fit a decent sized SUV and only $11/night (when I stayed there). The one down side I remember was that the staff was a bit on the stuck up side, and they also had a guy posted in all the halls, "shushing" you if you were talking at night... Not even loud, drunken noise type stuff... but just simple conversation while walking down the hall got a "shhh" which really rubbed me the wrong way.All in all it's a 2 outta 5 hotel, but the good location bumps it up to a 3...
1	Overpriced, dark , dirty, and outdated.
1	We stayed at the Hotel Espresso for two nights in Aug...fortunately we did not spend a lot of time in the room...this hotel is outdated, dark, and dirty. The accommodations were that of a two star hotel...not to mention that the A/C never worked properly, it was like sleeping with a fan, on an Aug summer night...ugh! it worked for about 2 hrs and then it would literally freeze and shut down...ice accumulated bec the filters looked like they haven't been cleaned since the hotel opened, water leaking out of it onto the disgusting laminate floors...yes, laminate!  As I entered the room the first time I wondered about the laminate...I now know why.My daughter forgot her beloved toy on the bed that she's had for 12 yrs...I called the hotel for a week, only to be told each time that the toy was not found.  I was hoping for some sympathy and explained that the toy had no value other than sentimental and that a child was devastated over its loss...the front desk attendant took offense and told me that the workers had been employed a long time...meanwhile when we were checking out, the staff was striking outside! Seems to me that after checking out, we no longer mattered...I even wrote letters offering to pay shipping costs if our toy was found, which no one answered.  if you stay in this hotel, do not leave anything behind, especially of value...obviously, the hotel will not take responsibility. Most good hotels I know, will mail you things left behind. I read some reviews on here where people talk about paying $80 p/night...we however paid double, so I was very disappointed to say the least.  We booked this hotel bec we read that it was a new hotel...NOT TRUE...do yourself a favor...book elsewhere.  BTW their coffee sucks too!!!!
4	Although the other reviews were correct about the challenges with wi-fi, I have to completely disagree with the amenities.  The room we stayed in was completely renovated.  Nice hardwood floors, new beds, clean bathrooms, and fantastic staff.We were there in the middle of a worker's strike, which I thought was going to have an adverse affect on the service, but management did a great job with adequate replacement staff.We did have evidence that the seventh floor where we were staying was being fitted for wi-fi, and the management told us they were retrofitting with FIOS.  It was a bit fun working our way around the room to find a signal, like back in the day!   At any rate, I hope they stick to their word and make it work out, because I would love to stay there again on our next trip.  One block away from a subway station, close to great restaurants, and for familiy and friends of kids who are at or will attend Concordia, you will love it for the price and location,
4	I recently visited Montreal with a university group from Toronto and we stayed here. My boyfriend and I were pleasantly surprised by the size and quality of our room. We had requested a non-smoking king room and got exactly that. The room featured hardwood floors and sleek and modern furniture. The bed was super firm but clean and crisp with fresh sheets. Not much of a view, just some of downtown and the Centre Bell. The room didn't have any weird odors which you expect in hotels. We were on the same floor as our trip mates thus it was loud throughout the night. We weren't really associated with the group but I think this hotel tends to cater to groups due to it's cheaper price tag. Just giving you a warning. Alas, the Wifi worked fine in the rooms and in the lobby, just an FYI. (some other reviewers said they had issues, seems like the hotel has fixed it!)The restaurant was probably the most disappointing part of the hotel. Montreal has a reputation of having amazing food anywhere, it was not the case at this hotel. We received a "discounted" breakfast buffet price for $10(regular $12) each plus a service fee of $3 and tax. $26 for two lackluster breakfasts merely because the location isn't super close to any restaurants or bakeries? No thanks. We went twice merely for convenience, time constraints and poor weather. This hotel is great for a cheap place to sleep. For the price, it is centrally located and fairly close to the metro, along bus routes(if you do some transit homework) and two subway stations within a couple blocks. Everything you want is about a twenty minute walk(St Catherine, St Crescent, St Sherbrooke, Old Montreal etc) , so definitely consider this hotel in the summer. We went during the winter and in mid-February, which is not ideal during heavy snow. Trust me. I'll give this place 4 stars and forget this restaurant exists.
4	I just returned from Montreal and stayed in this hotel for two nights. I was a bit worried from reading some of the other reviews but my friend and I rented two rooms; they could only book us on 2 different floors. Her room was on the 7th floor and mine was on the 3rd floor. Both rooms seemed recently remodeled, with hardwood floors, comfortable memory foam mattresses (I have a bad back but I slept great) and the sheets were soft & seemed to be high quality. The rooms were nice and clean and everything smelled fresh. There was a computer in my room (a PC desktop computer) but it didn't connect to the internet. I didn't care because there was also wifi and I had my iPhone and iPad with me. We didn't get to check out the hotel bar or food, but the front desk had delicious complimentary espresso. And the front desk staff was pleasant and accommodating... the gentleman at the desk when we checked in was great, but the woman at the desk the next day wasn't in much of a rush to stop her conversation to help guests. Eventually we managed to get a taxi through her (not literally). Other than that, it was fine.All in all I would definitely stay here again. It's walking distance to the train station and shopping, pubs and restaurants. If you stay here, go to Hurley's down the street for poutin and live music.
2	I went there for a convention, so I can't attest for the rooms' quality, or the front desk service. Yet it was OK: the conference rooms floor needs a little bit of revamping, and it would have been awesome if the hotel offered wifi for the guests (but I know that Internet in hotels are quite simply rare and shitty!).The restaurant in the hotel serves tons of fast food, and it's OK, but a bit too expensive for what it is. And the service was slow.
5	Great place to stay in Downtown. Direct metro bus from airport (YUL) stops in front of their hotel. Their price is reasonably cheaper and they have onsite Enterprise Rent a car. Very helpful customer service. We had an issue with a bathroom water leaks and front desk was very helpful of getting us another room. "Asif" was exceptionally helpful. Overall my rating is A+.
3	This hotel looks nice on the hotel website... so I booked it thinking it was something of a "boutique" hotel.  The photos of their lobby make it look rather chic - the reality is that the entrance and lobby area are creepy.  There were people hanging out on the front steps of the hotel, as if they had nothing else to do, and more people draped on the chairs and sofas in the lobby, in front of the loud TV.  The whole hotel seemed rather low-class and noisy at all hours - that has a lot to do with the very thin walls and doors.  My neighbors had bad sex one morning - I know, I heard the whole five minutes of it through the wall.  And wood floors? Who thought that was a good idea??  If you've ever lived in an apartment, you know that carpet absorbs noise much better.  That said, the carpet in the hallway was not something I would wish on anyone -- smelly, dingy, old carpet that added to the old, stale feeling of the hotel.  On the positive side, my room was very large and spacious, there was a Keurig coffee maker in the room, and a clock with an ipod charger.  I understand now from the reviews here that the hotel has been undergoing renovations.  I would say there were about halfway there - not yet at a four-star, but a little beyond a two-star.
1	I decided to wait and let myself calm down before ranting on Yelp. I don't think my keyboard could have taken the angry pounding...My review is from 6/30/13 - 7/03/13. Here are the main factors that grant this hotel a one star review. 1.  BUGS, BUGS, BUGS: There were FLEAS in our bed! This was in a corner room on the 5th floor. This lead to very itchy nights, an allergic reaction and a room switch at 3am the last night.  We took pictures of the casings left by the bugs and the gigantic reactions I had to said fleas.2. MOLD: Although we were upgraded to a junior suite that very last night, this was the THIRD room change we went through. Despite the slight musty smell, and the smell of mold in the bathroom, all I wanted to do was hop into that jacuzzi tub, curl into a ball, and let the jets wash away the remaining bugs that were still crawling on my body.  I turn on the jets (after waiting for the tub to fill) and am sprayed In The Face with MOLDY water. It smelled disgusting, and I quickly changed my mind, settling for a shower instead. 3. THE MANAGER: The next day, the manager on duty implied that he did not believe that there were bugs in the room and rather my reaction could have been to a number of things. He stated we could either be comped one night now, or maybe get the reservation completely comped after the investigation of whether or not there were fleas and/or bugs.  He also reported that we would be informed of what they found and what our options were. Still waiting on that call. I am saddened to say that the overall experience at Hotel Espresso dampened our trip. The allergic reaction made it difficult to have the energy to really explore this beautiful city.  Listen to the reviews and find a hotel that is more conveniently located and worth the price.
1	This place is a complete sham. Somehow hotwire rates it 3 stars which is beyond me when it is a 2 star hotel. I stayed this past weekend with my boyfriend for two nights while going to Osheaga. First off the area is disgusting. To the left it is the highway and salvation army in a very dingy area. To the right is the Concordia campus in a very desolate and isolated area. The closest and nicest metro stop is guy concordia but that (as are the other 2 nearby metro stops) are a good 15 minute walk. The hotel itself of the exterior looks menacing, run down, and dingy- nothing like their "boutique hotel" website. The entrance and lobby area are run down and very cheap/depressing looking.  The weirdest part is that there are tons of random people always hanging around with taxis at all hours of the night that smoke cheap cigarettes and make the place even more unwelcoming. The whole hotel is very cheap and low class with noise at all hours of the nights.As for the rooms- there is much to be desired. The beds are comfortable and seem fairly new. However, there is faux hardwood floor which amplifies all the sounds in the area. You can hear everything from the surrounding rooms and hallway. For some other bizarre reason there is a desktop computer in the room which is allegedly equipped with internet. I never actually made it that far because it had issues running and all i had was weird codes then made a constant buzzing sound. The wifi didn't work on my phone either which the front desk told me was due to my phone then the story changed to my proximity to the front desk (I was on the 4th floor of 7). If you need a last minute hotel this is a good option. If you're planning a trip you can definitely find better options
4	Contrary to some of the reviews, it was extremely clean in our room and the service was perfectly friendly and helpful. Good price to the hotel right near shopping and restaurants. I would absolutely stay here again.Our room temperature was on the warm side, the room was dry.
2	Meh. I've experienced better. I can't complain too much the room was cheap ($56) on Priceline, but ranking this hotel 3 stars is a stretch. They claim to be 4 stars on their website, which is definitely a falsity.The rooms have sort of been remodeled. By this I mean the floors and bedding have been updated, but the furniture and phone have not. The room could have been cleaner, yes. The phone (which was ancient) was not clean. The bathroom was completely tiled and our tub took a really long time to drain.The front desk was always friendly and helpful. Called us a cab, offered us coffee.The gym (this term is used loosely) consisted of a broken treadmill, an elliptical and some free weights. The water cooler didn't work either.The walls are thin, very thin. Miley Cyrus was at the Bell Centre the weekend we were there and we were unfortunately made aware of that fact. Someone was sobbing (sobbing.) in the room next to ours. (hope everything is ok) but didnt need to hear all that.Walking distance to Crescent bars which was nice. For a place to crash, Hotel Espresso works, but thats about the end of it.
2	70$ on Hotwire... Nearly double that after sundry fees added up. Lacklustre hotel otherwise. Go to a chain hotel instead.
1	This place sucks... I think they photoshopped their pics. It is probably the second worst hotel I have ever been to. Everything is outdated. You can feel a layer of dirt in the bedroom, see pictures attached. It's true when they say, "You get what you pay for." The location is great and in walking distance to major shopping, restaurants, and landmarks but was it worth the price?? HELL NO! I bought my swim suit and work out clothes but didn't go because I know it'd be just as disgusting as the room. The bathroom door wouldn't even close properly. They rape you with taxes too. You'd pay $23.50 for parking but expect to pay $12 in taxes. An additional $60 for the federal and city tax. Do not listen to the concierge! You do NOT get it back at the border.
1	I knew we weren't gonna stay in a 5 star luxury hotel but had no clue it was gonna be SO DISGUSTING!!!! Dirty to the point where I couldn't touch anything in the room without a tissue. Bed and pillows felt like sleeping on a hard floor. Smell in a hallway reminded me of a nursing home or a hospital. Water in the toilet never stopped running. The chairs in the room were so dirty and torn that you couldn't even sit on them. Staff.... want's to look friendly but service SUCKS!!!! And It wasn't even that cheap, $450 for two night?
4	I love Hotel Espresso!  It's my go to hotel every time I'm in Montreal.  We stayed there this past weekend.  The room and sheets on the bed were very clean.  I always check for bed bugs and am happy to report that there was nothing but white, fresh sheets.  The manager was pleasant to chat with and the coffees were exceptional!  Will stay again the next time I'm in town!Rose from Toronto
1	Whoever wrote the positive reviews are friends or family of the owner. This is the worst hotel! We stayed one night at this less than savory hotel due to horrible service at Hotel Novel and Spa. The characters who came in and out this horrible hotel resembled drugs dealers and prostitutes. The room furniture is older than my 94yo grandmother. The hotel smells poorly. The rugs are dirty throughout and the sofa bed didn't even up. We had to sleep on the mattress on the floor. Don't let ANY positive review fool you!! Save your money and time and go elsewhere. Let the buyer beware!!
1	If your looking for a high class place to stay.. FIND ANOTHER HOTEL..I stayed on the seventh floor which is "newly renovated".. Everything was outdated (especially the bathrooms) not to mention the fact that the bathroom door barely closed. This place is honestly disgusting. Not clean. Riding the elevator was a terrifying experience. It shakes constantly slowly making it's way up the floors. The pictures taken on the website are definitely photo shopped. Also the location of the hotel isn't exactly good. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone and I definitely WON'T be back!
1	worst hotel. i don't recommend. hotel manager/reception doesn't care if you have an emergency or a problem.
2	The lobby is pretty decent. Not too shabby actually.They have a little gift shop that seems to be open all day for those last minute souvenir or whatever you may need and forgot to pack with you. Checking in was extremely long and they didn't even look that busy. I called the previous week or two and booked a king size bed room for a night with a bottle of wine. We checked in, went to the room and discovered it was a two Queen size bed with no bottle of wine included. No biggie as we thought their could have been a minor mistakes. Called the front desk to find out there are no King size bed available. Joyful, what is the point of booking a king size, paid for it, and not getting what we want? No bottle of wine that we have also purchased with the room and we got charged for it. I wasn't expecting a honeymoon type of hotel or a 5 star hotel but they call themselves 4 star hotel so my expectations was a bit higher than their standards. Laminated floors... this is the first hotel that I've been to with laminated floors! Really cheap laminated floors. I love hardwood floors and don't mind carpet but I believe they used laminated floors over carpet (carpet is typically cheaper than laminated floors, depending on the area you live and supplies you can get to) for the purpose of easier cleaning and bug problems area easier to deal with. Once you pass the lobby, you will noticed the hallways are dark and your hotel room will most likely be dark too (even with all the lights on). I was on the 4th floor, room 400, which was all the way at the end (I've read if you're on the higher floors, you get a renovated room and furniture and the lower levels were more for people who stayed there for a long time as a temporary living-assistance until they can get into "housing."). I didn't know if I was in a horror movie or not. After inspecting the room, I noticed there was patches on the ceiling (most likely from water damage and they fixed something), holes on the walls, molds in the bathrooms (at the bathtub area, underneath the sink, close by the toilet), toilet that doesn't really flush, bathtub doesn't drain water as well as it should have, linen doesn't seem to be washed or washed with just water, water damage in some of the drawers, .... especially the one with the tv on it, the television only provided local channels and wasn't even cleared. I just felt disgusted when I was there and couldn't get a good night sleep. I can overlook the mold in the bathroom as it's common but everything else, I just couldn't... especially the bed area. I kept inspecting it for bed bugs or fleas (I read other reviews about flea problems right before I drove up to Montreal). I couldn't tell if the bed area was just dirty or there are signs of some sort of insects. What aggravated me the most was the bed area that just felt so disgusting. I felt itchy throughout the next day and I took a shower before we left.One good thing is the location. You are in walking distance to a lot of different restaurants. Maybe 5-10 minutes walk, depending on where you go and which area you want to be in. Another good thing is the fitness center seems to be open 24/7. Pool is open at certain months and in certain weather. Sauna and hot tub is no where to be found so it's probably outside and linked to the pool. You can rent a car on the second floor but I don't recommend it when you're in Montreal. You will rarely find parking so either rely on public transportation, walk, uber or taxi. Wi-fi is included but you will need to put in the password they provide for you to use their wi-fi.This place should not have a hotel title. This is more of a motel style.
1	Don't go there!! It's the worst stay I ever had!! My room got broken into the first night I was there and they stole my briefcase!! The staff must of tipped off the thieves cause when I reported the incident they really couldn't care , I had to really complain.. What a horrible experience!! No security at all at this hotel, if you decide to stay there, bring a body guard- lol
