2	Josh is an exceptionally knowledgeable pool guy.  He's probably forgotten more about pools than most pool guys will ever know.  He can fix anything and he'll do a FANTASTIC job. The thing is he's stretched way to thin and is very flaky on being there.  Don't even write down what time he says he'll be at your place because it's not whether or not he'll be on time or not, just assume he won't be.  The real question will be if shows up at all or not.  Don't bother calling or texting ahead of time because he won't answer. When he showed up though he was awesome.  He does great work.  I still have a job unfinished at my house now.  He was supposed to be at my house a week ago to finish paint and just never showed.  He stopped returning my calls and I can just assume from here on out he won't be returning.  I wanted to hire him on for regular weekly service but there's absolutely no way I can trust him enough to show up when he says he will which for me after a month or so of dealing with him flaking out on me.TL;DR - Great work. Possibly the worst logistics I've ever seen in any business ever.
1	When I hired Arizona Pool Pros, Josh did work on my popup Polaris system.  He incorrectly assembled the system he charged me several hundred dollars for which caused the gear assembly to go out again a few months later costing me another 225 dollars. Very disappointed in someone who has all certifications to make such a simple mistake costing me even more money.Considering the one thing I had him repair, he did wrong. I wouldn't recommend him to anyone.
1	Heck of nice guy and I think an overall good person. He knows pools and when he shows up, is worth having.Unfortunately the company is unable to hold an appointment, consistently has an excuse for missing commitments and overall is not all that reliable. The only time they were reliable was when our tech was out of town and another firm was covering for them.Something needs to change as they are spread too thin, are unreliable and in general are not a firm I would recommend to a friend.
1	Josh was our pool guy, he never communicated with us about what he did with the pool and then when he did talk he had a lengthy explanation or excuse about every circumstance. After the pool turned green I had the water tested at Leslie pool supply and there was zero chlorine in the water a mere day after he had come to see the pool. Upon confronting him about this he ended his service with us but did not tell us that he had done so for 2 months after. Very disappointing and a poorly run business.
