3	So I went for the official opening night through houseseats.. honestly last night's performance was a 2, but given it's new and I was seated at a non-interactive seat I'm trying to give this show the benefit of the doubt! Plus last night there were B list celebs there (Bob Newhart, Don Johnson, etc), so mb that took away from my experience..First note: don't go unless you get to sit in a "real" interactive seat and are eligible for prizes... or mb you just really like seeing these poker celebrties or something.. or you're bored.. I dunnoThe basic premise: 2 poker pros are seated at a table on stage along with 6 people chosen from the audience.  The 9th hand is dealt to a card reader so that everyone in the rest of the audience has the same hand and can play along from this LCD from their seats (see note above about only doing this if you get one of these such seats). The GOOD: The poker players that are doing this show are "the real deal". They are legit, good poker players, and it's neat to see them. They give away gratuitous amounts of prizes to both audience members and the audience members chosen to sit at the table on stage. The BAD: Seriously the gratuitious giveaways of tshirts hats, gift cards, etc, takes away from the poker playing. Honestly they stop the playing every 2 minutes for this garbage. They have a 52 card pickup game where audience members randomly pick cards and the person who picks the best hand randomly gets prizes.. it's really dumb. Also, this led to other issues due to the time shortage.. ie when the amateur ended up heads up with the pro (doyle brunson) they both just went all in 8 times in a row with whatever cards they happen to have just to make the game end quicker.. that's not really poker if you ask me. Lastly, so the audience members are competing against each other for points you get based on how you play that 9th hand. The top player gets brought up on stage for a dumb headsup match (see above) with a pro. Ok , cool... actually not so cool because at the beginning of the game you pick your favorite color, your favorite suit, and your favorite 3 cards and you get points the whole game whenever those come up. Maybe it sounds "fun" to you, but I thought it was so stupid that the guy that got brought up on stage was up there simply because he picked "red" "hearts" and "King" .. give me a break. He even admitted he didn't even know how to play poker. Overall this isn't for the serious poker player (other than mb seeing the poker "celebs"), but could be considered fun if the chance of winning a hat.. or a gift card to the spa gets your juices going.
3	Playing like a pro. I got to play and it's fun. If you like poker. Get there early or you will miss out on Placing Prop BetsSide bets and being chosen to go on stage. Being chosen by the way is random. There is no pre determined bullshit. The good thing is if you don't get picked you still have a chance to get on stage and play. The host is Vinnie Favorito. If you don't know who that is Yelp it. Because you should know the crudeness of him before you step foot inside. There are several prizes. And if you watch WPT you'll know the pros. This should be taken seriously because even though you're gambling with points ( you start off with 100,000 pts) it's like with real money. Oh and the 52 card pick up is fun, and apparently if you get a royal flush you win the big cash prize.. If you don't which.. didn't happen then you might get something else if you get the highest hand out of the audience. Other then that. there are worse ways to spend an early evening.
1	When I tried to buy tickets in the Interactive section I was told that this part was NOT wheelchair accessible and that I would NOT be given the chance to play on stage.  What?  Ever hear of the ADA?  Anyway, I decided NOT to buy a ticket.OOPS!  I just went to the Venetian Website and there is no mention of this show.  It might be closed.
