4	I brought in a bunch of dress shirts and suit pants for same day service.  They had them ready by 5 pm and didn't use too much starch.  I'd definitely use them again.
5	My roommate got several shirts, pants, and a sport coat cleaned here.  The price is more than the super cheapo places, but they did a great job.  Everything came out clean, neat, and cat hair free.  Other places seem to have trouble with getting rid of the fur.I liked the results so much I took in my winter bedding: a down comforter, a duvet cover, and a coverlet.  They said it should be done in a week, but due to the cold weather and how they dry things, it could be a week and a half.  When I called a week later, it was done!  I went to pick it up and everything was nicely folded and wrapped up.  The price for everything was $80, but the lady said that was just too high for her taste, so she gave me 20% off.  I was quite happy with that.  I knew it would be expensive since they quoted me the price ahead of time, but the discount was nice.When I got everything home, it was clean and smelled nice, though a little bit chemically.  I was quite pleased with the results, no cat fur and no damage to my bedding.  I will definitely use them in the future.
4	Maple Cleaners has been my Dad's favorite for years. We didn't think nothing of it until our usual cleaners Pal Sillips (i changed the name to protect the innocent) ruined my wife's dress and said "it" happens. Awesome customer service Pal Sillips!! So, we went with Maple Cleaners and have been going there for the last 4 years or so.They do a great job and i've also had my suits altered here by Michelle. She is very good at what she does and fast. She's also done work with my wifes and kids clothes and I can say we are satisfied customers. They keep you on file and give you a percentage off...no need to cut coupons. They do same day service, in by 9 out by 5. My suits and shirts come back perfect. If you don't like too much starch this is the place to go, but if you want a stiff shirt, just tell them extra starch.
4	I'm only giving this a 4 for now... I had to have my patches sewn (I can sew but not that great..... hey, people are going to actually see it). Long story short, I dropped my top off on Monday morning and was done by Tuesday morning a day before I needed it. AND it was only for $6! AMAZING. Might have to come back again, if ever I need anything else, just to see if this place can keep up with its rep:).
4	This is my Go To Tailor. Her name is not Maple, it's Michelle and she works wonders with her sewing machine. She has hemmed everything from evening gowns to expensive jeans for me and she has NEVER let me down. Most recently she has taken in a few pants and skirts that were too big and now they fit to perfection. Her prices are.....reasonable, I guess, but truth is I don't really care when it comes to taking care of my finer pieces. I have yet, to use their dry cleaning.
4	After trying out a few other nearby places, I have been most pleased with Maple Cleaners.  First, they do all the cleaning on-site rather than have have your clothes delivered to a warehouse and then brought back in a van the next day. I'm not sure why I like that so much, but I do.  Their prices are fair and they have always done an excellent job with my suits, shirts, jackets, slacks, etc.They offer next-day pickup and the staff is friendly.  One time sticks out in particular:  I brought in a suit I needed early the next morning for an important meeting and when I drove up, she saw me and remembered me, grabbed my suit before I even made it to the counter, and wished me luck at the meeting.
5	I just moved to Henderson and am so glad I found Maple Cleaners. They're reasonably priced, very quick, and the staff was very friendly. My clothes turned out well. I really appreciate a straightforward, no nonsense, value oriented place that delivers on what they promise (clean clothes that are ready at the time that they quote). I think this will become my go-to cleaner!
2	Don't take your clothes here if you don't smoke! The whole place wreaks of smoke. The first two times I took my clothes there, they did a great job and to my surprise, nothing smelled of smoke. They seem to be very good at alterations, when they remember to do them. Had to take a pair of pants back the next day, when I got them home and tried them on, they hadn't shorten them and they smelled of cigarette smoke. Took them back and this time they were ready the next day, but they smell so bad of smoke I didn't even want to try them on. I had to use an in-dryer dry cleaning sheet to dry clean them after picking them up from the dry cleaners! So stupid. I paid more than $9 to dry clean them myself. Will have to find someplace else. Wish they didn't smoke inside the store. It's on the ground floor right next to the parking lot. Why they can't go outside to smoke? Guess they figure they will just cater to smokers. Stupid. There really are people in Vegas who don't smoke.
5	This place is the bomb! I needed an alteration for my Army dress uniform, the tailors at nellis screwed it up, and the seamstress (Michelle?) hooked it up. She used to work at camp Pendleton so she knew that there needed to be exact measurements for the patches. It turned out prefect and the same day. I'll gladly go back and recommend everyone that I can.
4	You guys said it. I too have had excellent experience with Michelle on repair of my beautiful dresses and if  unrepairable, she will honestly say so, not necessary to charge if not needed.  My husband too automatically has his Burberry, Tommy Bahamas and Todd Snyder's sleeves shortened and all perfect. Now all of a sudden, he turns in his leather pants for repair and it is RUINED per my husband's  standards. Not only did the pants hemmed too short, but somehow Michelle did some patchwork on the knee portion of the pants that looked like the leather pants is now PATCHED AND IN DISREPAIR. I am sad for this bad turn out as I know Michelle did her very best and she really did this 3-hour repair thinking my husband would be excited and happy with his leather pants. Oh!  The charge was $57 and  will not be an issue if the repair of leather pants  was great. What is an owner's and custoner's take on the resolution of this. I personally think that refund of $57 at the very least could alleviate our disappointment and feelings intact. Thank you. Girlie
2	I use to love bringing stuff here but the last 2 times I've been here it's been subpar. I brought a brand new jacket in to have it tailored and when they finished it had a hole in the shoulder. They said they didn't do it but that I could pay $50 to have them send it to someone else to fix. Also, brought in a shirt that had a makeup stain to get laundered and when I got it back the stain was still there and their response was to just keep bringing it back and maybe they can get it out later. Talk about bad customer service!!! Time to find another cleaners.
