4	SF Supermarket, Inc. has become my place to go for all my Asian groceries after moving to Las Vegas.  Sure, there's a 99 Ranch here, but the service totally blows there!  Of course, things are generally a bit more expensive being in the desert and all, but for the most part, I can find my fruits and veggies here at a much cheaper price than the average Albertsons or Vons.They could definitely use some improvements in the dish, silverware, kitchen utensils department as they are seriously lacking.  But I guess you really shop here for the groceries and not for the kitchenware.Anyhow, you'll find me here on a weekly basis doing my grocery shopping!  This place will become my source for all my upcoming Asian dishes.
2	I think I'm gonna have to go with Diho, just because they're bigger and therefore have more selection. But SF's selection of meat scraps were impressive. I know where to go for raw beef cankles and chicken feet now. They also have lots of seafood, fresh and frozen. They were fairly organized and uncluttered. There were a few things I couldn't find here. Normally when I go "Asian" shopping, it means I'm Japanese shopping. Their Japanese selection wasn't so great. There's nothing that SF satisfies for me that I can't get at International Marketplace or Diho. Oh, except maybe for the beef cankles.
4	I like SF Supermarket almost as much as I like Diho.  It's smaller, a bit more chaotic and a little bit grubbier, but not as chaotic or grubby as 99 Ranch.  Not that chaotic and grubby are huge minuses in my opinion.  SF Supermarket has more Vietnamese items than Diho or 99 Ranch.  I have a feeling I'll end up shopping at whichever market is closest to where I plan to eat any time I'm headed to that side of town.
4	This market is about the same as Diho market but with more Vietnamese items which is a major plus. I believe most popular Asian items can be found here. It's right next to a bunch of good Asian restaurants and shops so that's a major plus.
3	Stopped in here to get some snacks and some frozen dumplings for when the midnight hunger hits. This is no different than those Asian grocery stores in Orange County, except this one seems to smell more especially in the seafood department. It got so bad that I actually gagged while walking through that area and had to quickly make a beeline for the front door.They have all the Asian goodies you would need so if you're just stocking up regular stuff, this place suffices! Frozen section wasn't so great, but they had the dumplings we wanted so we were happy. I don't think I would come to this store as often if I was living here and using it as my regular grocery store.2.5 stars
3	The SF Supermarket had just opened when we were in Las Vegas in Nov 2009.  It was quite clean and really big supermarket with well-shelved items.  We actually found items that are hard to find that originates from Singapore like Rojak Sauce, Gula Melaka.  Definitely a big plus for me!  So why only 3 stars - at the bakery, I was about to buy some chicken pies.  The lady behind the counter was bustling here and there and happened to brush against the counter and the tongs fell to the floor.  I saw her pick it up and place it right back on the counter!  Ewwww!  No chicken pies for me!
4	I remember first walking into this SF a year or so ago. I was floored at how big and clean it was. One year on, this place is still my go-to Asian market but I have to say it's gotten a lot less clean. My husband won't come in as he thinks it smells suspect. So he makes me do his bidding. The produce section here is incredible. Lots of everyday vegetables/fruit as well as Asian goodies. If you need 6 different types of Vietnamese mint....this place has it. Every green leafy vegetable is available here. They have lotus root (packaged and cleaned as well as right from the ground), Asian eggplant, lemongrass, shredded green papaya, galangal, pomelos, longans, mangosteens and various varieties of Asian pears. I'm here once every couple of weeks stocking up. The place stocks all sorts of dry/fresh noodles, Flat, stringy, bean thread, udon...you name it, you get it. Of course, they have a plethora of Asian spices and sauces (Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Indonesian, Thai...I know I'm leaving lots of geographies out). I love that they have an amazing selection of soy products (tofu, beancurd sheets, tofu noodles etc.). Basically, any thing you need to cook yourself up an Asian feast...SF will be there to help you. It also stocks up on cookware and serving utensils (rice cookers, woks, chopsticks, Asian bowls). Best of all, the prices here are extremely reasonable. Cilantro (2 bunches for 98 cents), Spring Onion (4 bunches of 98 cents)...you get the idea. I am thankful to have this SF in town just because it affords me the opportunity to cook Chinese/Southeast Asian food without hunting miles for ingredients.However, I do have a gripe about this SF...the parking lot. There is plenty of parking but apparently people think shopping carts belong in between cars, in parking spots or next to the curbs (not on the curb, but lying next to it). I would be super careful parking here and probably wouldn't dare to leave my car in this lot on a windy day. People: It's not that hard to walk a few steps to deposit your cart where it needs to be!!!
3	I came here looking for Ramen since I'm completely hooked on it after eating Monta Noodle House.  After I found princess parking, my determination of finding Ramen was set and stormed inside the market.  The odor of fish was strong in this market and almost wanted to pass out.  The aisles were a little tight and I had a hard time finding Ramen.  The only logical thing to do is to just walk up and down every aisle.  To my luck I found it at the last one.  To my disappointment they didn't have a high selection of it.  Majority of the ramen they had contained too much sodium.  So, I decided to look around for other things I might want in the future.  They had Japanese furekake.  I've never seen this in any other asian stores yet.  Woohoo!  Can't say much more really.  I was on a mission so I didn't stay much longer.
5	This market is tops on my list. Whenever I stop in Las Vegas we stop here. The prices on the fruits and vegetable is way cheaper than the local supermarkets. Service isn't tops but It's a easy trade for prices. The employees try to make you happy, which is good enough for me. The variety is remarkable. If your cooking an Asian recipe, this has everything and some.
5	Prices are low, selection is huge, eclectic & ethnic (mostly Asian).  Hooray!
4	Asian supermarkets are the way to go for inexpensive produce. SF is the most well lit, organized, and clean out of them all. The fruits and vegetables are the main reason why I come. Apples, pears, oranges, pomelos, avocados, and various Vietnamese herbs are usually fresh. They have it all and they are way cheaper than American supers.
4	A bit cheaper then the other Asian markets. Meats are cheaper by a few cents but the ground beef is a bit more fatty. has cheap lamb meat for hot pot which is great. Don't have good crab meat for sushi. The rice noodle in the packages need to double check for mold before buying them.The veggies are ok here the fruits I skip it normally.
5	It's not the closest nor is it the most convenient  for me to go but for some reason, I feel comfortable going here. It's not overly too big, everything is to the point, and easy access. The price is pretty good and its a clean place. My go to place for my asian food shopping. :)
3	i dont usually come here but when i do i just get snacks and stuff. 168 is better. even when i smile and say hello or "hows your day going" i always get a quasi angry face and and "ung" and only a "thank you" after they give me my change. no love...
4	This market has a pretty good variety of Asian foods! You can get a lot of ingredients, like sesame oil, for a lot cheaper than elsewhere. My favorite part, however, is that there is half an aisle devoted to vegan meats! I've never seen such variety, from bags of soy "pork" or seitan "duck" to cans and jars of veggie-"meat" combos.
5	SF market is where we do all our asian food grocery shopping. Located in the heart of chinatown although far from our house, we dont mind the drive one bit. Alot bigger than ranch 99 and way more stuff, ranging from seafood to vegetables    I love how easy it is to find parking unlike some other asian market. We love to come get our vegetables and fruits here, whatever you are looking for they have it all. Bitter melon, bok choy, dragon fruit, jack fruit, papaya, asian pear, logan fruit, lychee, and more! Its also affordable compare to other asian market, for 100 bucks I could fill my cart up no problem with healthy stuff, try doing that at albertson haha. The seafood selection is huge, fresh cat fish, tilapia, dungeoness crab, stone crab, and sometimes lobster. Sf now has a small food court right inside, the food is ok nothing to write about haha typical fast food chinese. But the roast whole duck is good, and somtimes if im lucky there's chicken feet and cow tongue marinated in some hot sauce haha
4	i would give it a 5 stars if i don't have to bag my own grocery, they do have a bagger, but it's super slow or sometime short staff. Other than that, they have a huge selections of a typical Asian's produce (although i will try anything produce that shipped in from China). The butcher department was super friendly and accommodating, they also fry your fish for free if you buy them there
4	I was so excited to finally shop here. Being a vegetarian, the minute I walked in the strong smell of fish took me back. Now im not bein inconsiderate of meat eaters at all, im just puttin it out there. Huge selection of fresh fish seafood snails etc. also a large selection of frozen as well. I like all the asain sauces and spices. I also got sum soup spoons tea cups, reminded me of living in Hawaii. Also they have a large selection of liquor and cold beer. The prices are a little more then maybe a Food for less, but to me this is a specialty market, u cant find alot of what they offer at a typical market.
4	The newer, larger SF market in town (i STILL dont know why there is 2 so close to each other, and why the other one is STILL there after this one opened for so long...) Thanks to this opening, helped bring the valley's asian market's prices down a bit to be competitive to even LA prices (now no more filled to the brim cars on the trip back from LA) haha similar to SF's in california, with smaller shops in the front of the store, this SF provides a super wide range of products that fits most needs. Prices are great, huge meat and seafood area in the back of the store, as well as a variety of types and sizes of any rice you'd probably want (my preference is the 3 deer or 3 ladies rice)One of the 2 places i'd go to for most of my asian grocery shopping needs !
4	produce here is cheaper then other places , since this is the only thing i am buying :) also natto is also more affordable then other places
3	I always get confused with this location and the larger location. They don't make it easy for a dedicated yelper to check in! However, this is the smaller location.As small as they are, I felt that the produce here was a step above Greenland - definitely fresher. Though, some items were not that great - some produce were bruised and wilted, such as the napa cabbage and the spinach. I ended up grabbing these items from Von's. Other than that, I was able to get the majority of my produce here. I also grabbed a few a Vietnamese essentials such as nuoc mam (3 crabs brand fish sauce), cha lua (pork loaf), lap suong (California brand chinese sausage), dried shrimp, and other miscellaneous items. The produce is a bargain price and their dry goods are a little pricey. But I wouldn't say it's out of the ordinary from any other asian market. I just love that they carry the Vietnamese ingredients that I use on the day to day basis.
1	Unprofessional & ignorant staff.  Older Asian woman in front of me was checking out when a young female staff member came running up to stop her saying she was seen putting something in her purse without paying. Hispanic male employee then arrived and confronted the woman as well and made her go thru her purse.  All this was happening there in the checkout line.  Should have asked her back to an office area or someplace else. Have had issues with this staff in the past. Completely lacking in service & professionalism.  Will now take my business elsewhere.
