5	This was my very first meal in my first trip in Montreal, and I was super impressed! We came in at around 2PM, so you can imagine how hungry we were. :) I got crepes with fresh fruits and my boyfriend ordered one of their bigger breakfasts. My order was delicious -- the fruits (which included blueberries, raspberries, and strawberries) were so fresh. The crepes were a little thicker than any crepe I've tasted in Vancouver, but I liked it that way. My boyfriend also loved his meal and remarked that everything tasted really fresh.The service here was good. One of the waitresses barely spoke English, but that gave us an opportunity to learn a French word or two. The prices were a little more than the other places that I've visited in Montreal, but I think it's well worth it. The servings are HUGE, the ingredients are fresh and tasty, and the atmosphere cool. If you're near The Village (the gay community in Montreal), you gotta eat here!
4	Lines were going out the door of this diner while the rest of the street was dead. This must be the best place around! We thought. Luckily, the turnover rate was quite high and we were seated within 10 minutes of arrival.The food was very fresh and delicious, but we've come to expect that from Montreal. I particularly appreciated the creative flare in the decoration, the menus and the presentation of the food. The people are friendly and polite, the whole place has a joyful, lively atmosphere and the patio is a charming place to eat brunch on a sunny day.My main complaint is that we had to wait about 45 minutes for our food to arrive. I understand they are extremely busy, but we were already really hungry when we arrived, and didn't expect such a long wait. Also, it's a bit pricey for breakfast food, especially when converted to US dollars.
5	Cute little place,lively, busy ,ambiance; very polite,sweet waiter. I'd passed by earlier in the afternoon, but the place was packed. Came back an hour later, and voila, empty tables available, one just for me by the open, plant and flower filled window, looking out on the little terrace on the scorching sidewalk. I ordered a Mediterranean -style Benedict, which cam with pan roasted potatoes,and I must say, is the best I've had to date, anywhere. I was also very pleasantly surprised that it came with a side of fresh fruit, which I did not notice  written on the menu. Coffee was included, a refill was given without asking, and the service was was prompt and very courteous. I have to say though, this is a bit on the pricey side, but excellent, so it's well worth it. The only slightly, annoying factor, was one of the staff reaching past me several times to refill the sugar container. Overall, great place.
4	I'd like to be able to do 3.5 stars to balance out the overly excited tourist reviews. It's breakfast for lunch, though, and just that (and the fact we can't give half stars) earns it that extra half. It's solid, good but not amazing breakfast fare from very nice people.
4	We were staying at the Governour's hotel on Saint Hubert and wanted to try breakfast somewhere nearby before heading home. The menu at L'Oeufrier has something for everyone. From breakfast poutine to waffles and french toast. This is breakfast mecca. It was a Monday morning around 10am when we arrived, and we were seated right away. The host/server was attentive and brought us menus and coffee right away. At first he brought us menus in French; it is Montreal after all. I don't speak French, but I was actually having fun trying to figure out the dishes using pictures and my limited understanding of the language and language in general. The waiter saw this attempt, and realized we needed English menus. It made ordering easier, that's for sure. I ended up getting one of the breakfast poutines (since it was our last day and I hadn't had any poutine yet), the one with Emilia in the name. It had sausage, goat cheese, peppers, onions, and a bunch of tastiness, plus over easy eggs on top. My partner got a basic breakfast platter and we shared the chocolate banana brioche. Mmm mm mmm!  It was all really delicious. Very crisp and clean decor, friendly service, and worth a try if you're in the area looking for a casual bite to eat.
4	Great little place for a real breakfast in the Village, as opposed to a coffee shop. I'd read about the lines and the wait times, but arriving not long after they opened, I experienced none of that. The fruit salad is a sampler of a large variety of fruits, and though the breakfast poutines looked interesting I had the house eggs Benedict. This will become by go-to breakfast stop whenever I stay nearby.
5	We took the greyhound to Montreal and was looking for brunch places near the station. This place has a great selection of food, from Egg Benedict to Crepe/Waffles. Most of their service staff only speak french and the menu is in french, this can be inconvenient but could also be part of the great experience!
3	L'Oeufrier is essentially a diner.  The prices are pretty high for what I would consider diner fare but holy crap their menu is extensive.  Located off of what I would consider a main drag full of various shops, L'Oeufrier provides a very nice ambiance to enjoy your meal while people watching.  Here I learned "brioche" actually means to us Americans....a cinnamon roll.  Without the fat ass American way of eating it (that is without the massive amounts of icing dripping off of it).  Although for breakfast it was a bit pricey, I will say the portions were generous and everything was well done.  For what I would consider a quiet Friday morning, there was only one waiter serving the entire restaurant and everything was painfully slow from the food coming out to even getting the check.  All in all though, it's not a bad place to grab a bite to eat.
5	Waited a few days to get over here for breakfast & was not disappointed.First off, get the Breakfast Poutine. Second, GET THE F**KING BREAKFAST POUTINE!! It's delicious and I'll dual you if you say otherwise!!If for some reason everyone has ordered the Breakfast Poutine to the point that they no longer have it (a very plausible situation) they do offer many other breakfast and brunch items that are palatable in their own ways. Located about half a block off of Saint Catherine, this is a nice shop that is in my mind, a must stop for food.
5	Food was excellent. They have healthy options from fruit and eggs, all the way to the grease - Montreal poutinee - breakfast style! The place is packed - don't expect to need your server for 500 questions, or add this add that. They are busy!Also one other factor worth mentioning. They aren't licensed - so no ceasers with breakfast for you!  All in all - Great breakfast spot. Would go again
1	This place was little more then a waste of money. I ordered one of the delicious looking Egg Benedict meals that the menu displayed so brilliantly. Do you know what freezing cold hollandaise tastes like? I do now, and let's just say it's reminiscent of postnasal drip. No offer of a refill on coffee. Waste of 40 bucks.
5	This is my staple breakfast joint. Super good breakfast (three musketeers), toast is amazing, service always great, the price is right. Though a word of advice, if arriving around 10 - 12pm on weekends, you should plan on a little wait. Though they usually bring you some juice while you wait . Worth the wait!
4	This place was recommended to us, from the outside, the interior looks like any sort of average-y breakfast place. A quick glance at the menu didn't really show anything that stood out for me, but we thought we'd try it. We went inside, it's small, bustling the staff are really nice and friendly, as well as professional and fast on their feet (plus they have to be fit because the spaces between the tables aren't very large). We took a look around and everyone's plates looked fantastic. Be sure to add a side of creton (no, not cretin), which is a Quebecois pate - quite yummy! Also, don't assume (like I did) that your fruit cocktail is a fruit cocktail - it's a fruit salad. So much for thinking I remembered some of my high school French! Though our server was busy, he was very friendly and helpful. It's busy, but tasty and fun. Prices were okay. Everything's fresh. I'd go back.
3	(More like 3.5)+++- Smoothies are great and fresh- Open early in the am, during the week++- Two breakfasts for an inexpensive price- Waiter; between orders, coffee refills, serving food, and checks, this guy had command of the whole room - Free coffe refills+- Simple delicious breakfast- potatoes were cool, although they were more like french fries than hash browns
4	We walked in at 6am on a weekday and there were many locals dining. The main server (likely owner) Michel, seemed to know everyone. Great coffee. My husband enjoyed his strawberry banana smoothy. You could literally taste how fresh the fruit was inside. Had I been hungrier, I would have went with one of their many egg Benedict specials. Instead  I got two eggs poached with crepes and a side of Montreal bagel. Loved the side of fruit and their fries. The crepe was good but could have been a lot more lighter.***Food came relatively quick, good service. ***free coffee refills. ***Reasonable prices.
3	The breakfast was good. However it was the first place where the waiter asked (sic!) for the tips.
