5	Wow is all I have to say w/ this beautiful restaurant.   The decor is very modern and the high ceilings give it a nice huge feeling.  This was my wife and I's first foray into the world of fine dining and we were thoroughly impressed.  We were pampered from the very beginning and had some of the best dishes we've ever tasted.  I had a white asparagus soup w/ black truffles and she had the vegetable ragout for starters.  Our main course consisted of a beautifully cooked squab and my wife had a 3 week old chicken w/ black truffles.  Our dumbest move was to split dessert, which was a chocolate hazelnut tort.  Our wine that evening (I forget the name of it) was the best wine we've ever had which was like a riesling.  They even gave us a tour of their kitchen.  We met executive chef, Damian Dulas, who graciously greeted us and took us for a tour around every nook and cranny.  We met the pastry chef and even got a look at my wife's meal being cooked.  A very welcome surprise!  I only wish that I had been yelping actively when we went to this restaurant so that I could've made this review more thorough.  Definitely check it out!
4	Ghee- Sa- Vuah would be the correct pronunciation.  I know that it's vegas and any restaurant you go to on the strip is over priced.. but never seen such prices on the menu.  58 for soup..75 to 200 for a single serving entree. Knowing all of this i still wanted to go.  The decor is very simple and at first it felt a little cold.  High ceilings and neutral tones but accented with bright textured art pieces.  The clientele is very sophisticated and generally older.  Very French, slow paced, and with little surprises here and there like amuse bouches an additional course and a dessert cart filled with classic french delights like macaroons, tarts, nougat. But wow the service was impeccable and surprisingly warm.  Each and every staff had their own personality and it actually ended up not being as serious as i thought.  There was a cart with two ice buckets full of an excellent selection of champagne.  Being a lover of rose champagne i ordered the billecart which was dry but still soft and creamy.  My favorite dish was our foie gras course which was served over lentils and garnished or shall i say oozed with generous shavings of black truffle.  I am used to foie gras being paired with sweet such a fruit rather than savory and it was life altering, well almost.  The combination of delicate lentils popping in your mouth and the foie gras was indescribable. Some of the other things we enjoyed was the beet and black truffle salad which was simple yet the beets were prepared in several ways.  Again with julienned black truffle.  I also really enjoyed the sweetbreads with braised turnips and foie gras sandwiches.  Monk fish with sea urchin was just what it sounds like.  Oh and the dessert was phenomenal.  I felt like the preparation and flavor was perfect for my simple japanese palate.  grapefruit terrine with earl gray sauce.  Just refreshing and really cleansed the palate after mountains of foie gras and black truffle.  The wine paired so well with the artichoke soup and sweetbreads.  It was a premier cru burgundy (pinot noir) from the volnay region.  There was more heat to it with some nice tannins and each dish really balanced out the flavor.  I had a nice time and left very happy especially since i was with my boo on valentines day.  They sent us home with a souvenir of home made caramels and a praline financier.  But would i go back? No. It was nice but once was enough and a bit overpriced.  Around 675 for two.  Manager Frank Savoy gave us a very warm welcome and we never got to thank him.
4	Impeccable service... near flawless food... foie gras with lentils and black truffle was such a nice change from the norm of sweet pairings with foie... downright one of the best traditional french meals one can find in las vegas.  A bit cold atmosphere but exceptional cuisine.
5	This place is NOT traditional french. It is very haute cuisine, executed and delivered at a much higher level than your usual french fair.  It is an amazing room, with impeccable service and food that is simply undeniably the best in Vegas.  Very, very expensive.  Everything is executed in such a way that one leaves feeling like it was worth it.  Even the bread, cheese and dessert fit the expensive bill. Very worth it.  Guy Savoy sets a new standard in vegas
5	I ate at Guy Savoy in Oct 2006. The overall feeling is modern and spare; furniture is plain and functional. This is the kind of style I tend to like, but somehow I didn't find it attractive.    Service was friendly and efficient.  The restaurant is managed by Guy Savoy's son Frank.  He seemed to be everywhere, introducing himself to guests and always making sure that things were running smoothly.  There was always someone nearby to take care of my every need.Before the meal, there were a number of items.  First, an amuse bouche: a fingernail sized sandwich of thin slices of toast and foie gras, meltingly rich.  Excellent!Sometime around this point, I ordered dinner - the 10 course Menu Prestige, with bread pairings for each course.  While I was digesting all of this information, some additional amuses bouche (if that's how you make it plural) arrived: a potato cake, a piece of quail breast, and a third item I forgot to write down.  All were very good.A little while later, yet another amuse bouche arrived:  a tiny cup of carrot and pumpkin soup, with fennel, bacon, and popped wild rice.  It was very good, and came with a surprise.  The cup was actually two cups, fused together.  One cup held the soup, the other cup was upside down.  When I was finished with the soup, I lifted the two cup combo off the plate, and under the upside down cup was a little pumpkin risotto.  It was even better than the soup.I'd been eating for at least a half hour, but now the meal officially began.  The courses were:    * Oyster in Ice Gelee.  Good briny flavor. Paired with seaweed bread.    * Tomato Tartar, Young Vegetables and "Seaweed-Lemon" Granite.  In addition to chopped tomato, there were bits of micro green beans, egg white and yolk, yellow tomato puree, gelee, and other ingredients. Surprisingly good.    * Colors of Caviar.  Layers of: vinaigrette of caviar; cream of caviar; string bean puree; Iranian golden Osetra caviar; warm Saboyan. Each contributed strong flavor, although they masked the caviar just a bit.  Still, very good.    * Slow Cooked Wild King Salmon.  A nice piece of fish, with fennel, anise, and vegetables.  I should have taken more notes, as it was my favorite of the first four courses - very simple, but very tasty.    * Sauteed Baby Chanterelles, Prosciutto, Crisp Potato Galette and Snow Peas.  Paired with excellent bacon bread.  This was another complex dish, with a number of items in addition to those mentioned. Excellent; my favorite course.    * Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup, Toasted Mushroom Brioche with Black Truffle Butter.  The soup was creamy, with a pronounced artichoke flavor.  Four slices of truffle floated on top, along with equally sized slices of parmesan cheese.  Almost as good as the previous course.    * Degustation of Veal.  There were four different veal preparations; overall, very good.    * Selection de Fromages Affines.  I don't much care for fancy cheeses, and in any case wouldn't know what to order.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The cheese steward described the general categories (strong vs mild, cow vs sheep, etc).  He asked me my preferences, and made recommendations.  The entire experience was very relaxed and a lot of fun. Some that I tried:          o Aged Muenster. Aged to the point where it was soft and strongly flavored.  Very good!          o Goat Blue Cheese.  The cheese steward recommended this variety. Made from goat's milk, it was very unusual and very special; my favorite.          o Salers.  A firm cheese, not so strong.  Pretty good.    * palate cleanser.    * The Peach.  A peach half, with baked or fried shredded phyllo dough, and lavender ice cream.  The peach was flavorful, soft and chewy - an odd but pleasing combination.  The entire dessert sounds a bit strange, but was very good - one of my favorite non-chocolate desserts in recent memory.    * Chocolate Fondant, Crunchy Praline, Chicory Cream.  Layers of gianduja-like paste and chocolate ganache; very, very thick/dense. Cut a little piece of the dessert, and dip it in the chicory cream.  I'm having trouble giving a good description, but it was excellent!Still to come were mignardises - a few extra sweets to end the meal.  There was also some incredible lemon sage sorbet.  It tasted like solid lemon juice - overwhelmingly sour; I love this kind of stuff.This was one of the best dining experiences I've had in Las Vegas, second only to that at Joel Robuchon.  The food was excellent, the service was excellent, and just as importantly it was a lot of fun.  Given the prices, I'm not likely to return any time soon, but I'll remember my meal for a long time to come.The bill: the menu prestige is $290.  A small, quicker (90 minute) tasting menu is $190.  A three course la carte meal will run between $150 and $250.  To these prices, add drinks, tax and tip.  One nice touch: bottled water is free.
5	I ate at this establishment on November 10th, 2007.  I know about Chef Guy Savoy (Pronounced Gee- Sa-Vuah).  I know about his restaurants in Paris, France and all the accolades he has received.  Including having received three Michelin Stars.  This restaurant in Las Vegas is his first restaurant here in the U.S.A. It is located on the second floor of the Augustus Tower at the Caesar's Palace Hotel and Casino.With all this in mind, I decided what the heck, let's see if this guy, Guy Savoy, is all he is cracked up to be.  When I arrived, all I saw was two gigantic doors leading into the restaurant.  As I neared the door, a beautiful young woman opened the door and greeted my friend and I.  They ushered us into the cocktail lounge and asked if we wanted to have a cocktail while we waited.  Since I had planned on having the Chef's tasting menu with the wine pairings, I opted to wait for my table.  The decor was very simple yet elegant.After a few minutes of waiting, our table was ready.  They asked if we wanted to have some wine or a cocktail.  I informed them that we were going to enjoy the Chef's Tasting Menu-which is called, "Menu Prestige" with the wine pairings.  It almost seemed like the waiter, some guy with a french accent, got a smirk on his face.  He then asked if we had any time constraints.  Time constraints?--are you kidding me.  "Uh, no.  We don't have any time constraints.  We are here to enjoy this dining experience to the fullest."  He said, "Excellent, then we shall begin."It was at this point when our three (3) hour dining experience began.   Okay, let's move on to the good stuff---the food.  They started the meal with a tiny little skewer with bread and Foie Gras, their AmuseBouche. First of all, if you go here.  When they walk the little bread cart to your table you will be overwhelmed with the different varieties of bread you can get.  Ignore all of it and just ask for the Bacon Bread.  It is to die for.  The only other place I have ever had bacon bread was at Joel Robuchon at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino here in Las Vegas as well--that's another review.Here is what we ate:Oysters in Ice Gele-- (A good way to start the meal.  It was very flavorful a nice little bite)   Hamachi Carpaccio, Golden Oscetra Caviar, Cauliflower, Caviar Sabayon-- (The Hamachi was awesome and the flavors interacted with each other nicely, it wasn't over the top)Maine Lobster, Carrots, Orange and Star Anis-- (they served this and added some sauce on our plate as they were explaining what it was-It truly was something else.  I can't say I have ever had anything like this.  The flavors melded perfectly)  John Dory with a Crust of Walnut and Chive, Watercress and Salsify, Roasted Jus-- (This is a fish that is not commonly found on menus. Not very easy to get.  Nonetheless, we had it here and it was beautifully prepared.  I am not a big fan of Watercress but it worked well with this dish--truly impressed)Roasted Foie Gras "en Cocotte", Cardamom Infused Duck Bouillon, Glazed Chestnuts and Galette Grand Caraque--(Foie Gras--I am getting hungry just writing about it--In one word, Awesome)Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup, Toasted Mushroom Brioche, and Black Truffle Butter ( I did not expect the soup to taste as good as it did.  The presentation was good with Black Truffle and Parmessan Cheese Shavings on the top)Poussin   la Broche , Black Truffle, Fingerling Potatoes and Chanterelles--(This was a roasted chicken. They brought out the entire chicken for us to see, presentation was nice. The taste was simple, as simple as you can get with Black Truffle, but so good) Slection de Fromages Affins-- (We got to choose from a variety of different cheeses.  In the end, we had a little bit of every single cheese. You could truly taste the quality of the cheeses)Pear--( This was a dessert of items made out of Pear. Pear Sorbet and Roasted Pear. It wasn't too sweet. It was just right and the pear wasn't overly cooked it was still crisp)Chocolate Fondant, Crunchy Praline, Chicory Cream--(Speaks for itself) After this, they brought out a cart with some Petit Fours and different kinds of sweets. I enjoyed a rasberry lollipop made in house. I had to ask for another one it was that good.The food was truly exceptional. The service was just as good. I noticed that Franck Savoy, the Chef's son, who happens to run the place was actively participating in serving and making us feel at home. I have to admit, I was a little surprised to see, "the Boss", working and not just pointing his finger and bossing his people around. This told me a lot about the philosophy of this particular restaurant. Did I mention, they were just awarded two (2) Michelin Stars for this restaurant this month. A very huge accomplishment--they are one of only three restaurants with two stars in Las Vegas. I have pictures of the plates and a copy of the menu. Email me if interested. Very Expensive but worth it!
5	When in Vegas ... you can get some of the very best tastes of France.Guy Savoy and his team are legend. They know food ... they have style ... they know how to treat a guest better than family. That is why they are 3-star Michelin in France.I went to the restaurant last week after we went to see O at the Bellagio next door. What a treat!The bread cart was amazing. There were beautiful breads to coordinate with the many flavors of the multi course meal. This is the first time I have seen a presentation like this with bread.And the dessert choices were beyond my imagination. Everything was dreamy and yummy.
3	Maybe I don't like French food as much as I thought.  Nonetheless, I was disappointed with Guy Savoy when I ate there this week.  Also known as the "Home of the $68 Bowl of Soup", Guy Savoy has excellent service and a very subtle, albeit somewhat Devli's Advocate-esque decor (remember Pacino's office?) Amuse bouche (a thimble of onion soup with diced root vegetables and scallop ceviche)  was not impressive.  Next up with the asparagus risotto -- it had an asparagus foam that tasted like nothing. I've had much better risotto (if you're ever in Cabo, get the truffle risotto at  the Esperanza, holy crap.)  My dining partner ordered the hamachi carpaccio which was sent back because it was too fishy.  Guy Savoy replaced it (gratis) with a very delicious foi gras.  After that was a complimentary tasting of the $68 soup -- a nice truffle soup with some kind of foam.  My second foam of the meal. Next up was the veal chop with more root vegetables and truffle mashed potatoes.  The potatoes might have been the best mashed potatoes I've ever tasted. The veal was tough, tasteless and boring.  Ho hum, very disappointing.   Dessert was quite good... I got the item creatively-entitled "Chocolat" -- it was a series of different types of chocolate with chocolate ice cream and, guess what, a chocolate foam!  More frickin foam.  But the best foam of all the foams of the night.  Complimentary sauterne was a nice touch and after dessert, they rolled over a cart full of macaroons and various chocolates which was another nice treat.  I tried the peanut butter and jelly macaroon (not worth it) and a small piece of white chocolate with raspberry (ok).  All in all, a very nice meal but I've had far better at Jean Georges, Aureole and elsewhere.  Three stars are in comparison to those places... 5 stars compared to most places.$400 for the two of us before tip.
4	Although this is probably one of the most revered eats in Las Vegas, this isn't going to be one of those fru-fru (pronounced FRU-FROO) reviews.I admit, the reason we decided to dine at Guy Savoy was because Hung (my boy!) won Top Chef and this was where he once worked/trained.  We were curious.  That curiosity cost us over $600, but hey, sometimes I'm lucky in Vegas. :)If it weren't for the neon lights outside, I'd think we were dining somewhere in NYC. It was class, clean lines, lots of white linen and mahogany.  It was as stunning as it was austere.The menu offers everything you would typically see in fine French dinning.  No surprises there.  However, a wine list which is so big and heavy that commands it's own little pedestal... too funny, but we found the German wine we wanted and was happy enough.OK, the food.  Yup, the bread cart rocks.  Although.. I hate to say it here.  After the cart rolled away to another table, I saw the bread server drop the knife.. then continued cutting with it.  I wanted to say something, but just decided to just let it go because... well... we weren't gonna have anymore bread. ;)They have a wonderful fix prix menu comprised of a scallop appetizer, a truffled mushroom soup and a filet.  I started out with probably the most expensive appetizer I've ever ordered for myself, the$65 fois gras appetizer (I had to! I love fois gras!) and the lobster which was served meat and sauce only and without the shell.  God bless you Guy Savoy!  It was fabulous.  How can it NOT be!We had coffee and some dessert which wasn't memorable enough to review.  I'd like to come back next time the roulette table is kind to me.
5	We made reservations at Guy Savoy before Love (Cirque du Soleil).What an experience.  The food was out of this world.  My wife had a truffle soup and I ate a bunny.  We really enjoyed the bread pairings with each course.The service was on top of everything.  Any time we needed something, someone was there - like mindreaders.But, yah, it was expensive.  Yelp doesn't have enough $$$ dollar-symbols for this place.  Dinner for two is probably going to be in the $300 to $400 range.
5	I'm not sure why I've hesitated writing this.  I just adore Franck Savoy, Guy's darling son.  He runs the restaurant with his wife, but I've not had the opportunity to meet her yet.  One of the culinary highlights of our life in Vegas was dinner here -- sadly, it wasn't with my husband but with my Mother (who adored every sip, every taste) -- but I look forward to returning with my husband just the two of us.  We went one night after a show, in hopes of simply enjoying a perfect glass of champagne in the bar since it was so late -- but instead, we were treated to -- yep - a fully comped tasting menu with seemingly bottomless glasses of champagne.  Such a surprise -- and such a delight -- every bite.  The evening's only ? was having to deal with Paris Hilton and Cris Angel who wouldn't stop smoking in the bar -- they were attending Elton's birthday party in the PDR but for some reason thought leaving the party was appropriate...oh well. The original Maitre d' at Spago Hollywood, Bernard Erpicum originally officiated over the champagne bar -- the tales he can tell -- and he's known my husband for years, so we were well cared for.  Since then, however, Bernard has moved on and is now at Aureole, if memory serves.  I've been a fan of Monsieur Savoy's since my first trip to Paris twenty years ago.  So having him come to Vegas now so regularly, and having the opportunity to visit (damn, I wish my French was better) with him, instead of simply being another mouth to feed, is a dream come true.  He should be so proud of Franck, who's such a talent, such a lovely host.  But mostly I love how good he is to my husband and that he regularly dines at my husband's restaurant so that the two of them can visit.  We wish them all the best -- and look forward to many meals with them for years to come.
5	I celebrated my post birthday in Las Vegas with dinner reservations here.  It was such a GREAT birthday dinner.  Upon looking upon and entering the large doors to the restaurant, it almost seemed that you are taken into an elite locate.  My friend and I were seated next to the window and magic began. Starting with the champagne cart service to the food. Everything was wonderful. I decided to forgo my non-dairy diet for this meal, to enjoy the true experience.   We both ordered the menu prestige and I had the special wine pairing. The waiter explained  each dish on arrival, as well as the wine pairing.   The bread cart server paired the bread with each dish for us so that it would complement each other.  Not paired with the dish was the bacon bread.  Not that I eat bacon a lot, but this bread was good. Nice, chunky pieces of bacon on the top of the little muffin. My favorite of the 10 course meal, though all were delicious, would be the Foie-Gras with radish leaves and the Artichoke and Black Truffle soup.  Both were rich and tasty. I died and went to heaven after eating the Foie-Gras dish and then died once again after finishing the soup.The service here is excellent throughout the evening. When I asked for a take home menu, the waiter gave me the restaurant menu.   What a nice surprise touch.  But the best surprise of this evening was Tyra Banks sitting right in back of my table.  She looked awesome.  When she and her guest sat down for dinner my friend and I were texting away to everyone.   The only thing that I question is there dress code, as they require a jacket for men.  But as we left the restaurant, I saw a guy wearing a T-shirt with no jacket anywhere.  Maybe the have gotten lax on this.  Overall it is a great place. Expensive, but worth it.
5	Very accommodating.  My fiance and I decided to get a drink at their lovely lounge but at the last minute decided we wanted to get something to eat.  The host advised us to eat the bar (which is isolated enough so we were able to have a very enjoyable eating experience) since we came late (10:00pm) and did not have reservations.  We ordered a very delightful cheese plate (absolutely no smoked cheeses, thank God!) that had a mix of mostly French and Spanish.  Beef tartar w/ quail eggs and pomme dauphin was so delightful (a twinge of guilt for eating Kobe since as you should know they are basically treated like veal).  The best was actually the bread and butter they brought.  I have never had pink Himalayan salt and fresh peppercorns served with bread.  We had fun mixing things together.  So, with two "snacks" we could no t believe that it was 2:00am when we finally walked out the doors.  Great selections of champagne and scotch!  I can't wait to make my culinary sabbatical to the flagship in Paris.
3	3 stars for food but deserves 1 star only if price weighted. What a rip off, dinner for 2 was close to $800 and barely worth half of that. The decor although cold is beautiful, the service is impeccable and friendly but the food is just average. The kitchen tries too hard and the outcome is bland and gimmicky; don't expect to be wowed by genuine flavors and awesome ingredients. This restaurant would not survive 6 months in New York, let alone Paris. This is not even a distant shadow of its Parisian mother ship. This is as genuine and true to great French cuisine as the Paris casino is to the real city. In a nutshell avoid unless someone is paying or you just broke the house at the tables. This is my biggest restaurant disappointment ever and it confirms that in Vegas you should stick to the casual and basic eateries and avoid the pretentious haute cuisine at all cost.
5	let me tell you, i haven't been to this restaurant before but i have tried this restaurant in paris, so i am still qualify to write a review.this restaurant named after their star chef and owner, guy savoy. it was the first runner-up of the best restaurant by paris zagat survey. we had to book 6 weeks in advance before we arrived in paris. shortly after we were seated, mr. savoy himeself came over and shook hands with my wife and me. he is famous but friendly. after greeting, the amazing taste journey started.the mananger recommended the awards-winning heaven-sent artichoke truffle soup. the aroma of artichoke and truffle made me want to savour it in my mouth forever. swollowing felt like a sin. breese chicken and pigeon from eastern franace were roasted withour seasoning of any cream or broth. only the best of the best is bold enough to do this.before every dish, the bread boy pushed his silver trolley with over 30 types of bread in front of us. he explained how each bread complements the different dishes. as he talks, he cut and served the olive bread and salmon bread into bite-size portions. matching fine wine with great food is common, but this is the first time i have bread-matching. it's such an  experience.before the dessert, they let us taste more than 10 ice creams, cotton candies and after the dessert, there were 7-8 chocolate snacks with sweet wine. it's more than wonderful.the 4 hour dining was an unforgettable experience. parisian loves food as they love life. that's why in casablance, humphrey bogart said to ingrid bergman, "we'll always have paris" as she left him for good.on my next trip to vegas, to eat in guy savoy again is on top of the list.
5	My experience at Guy Savoy was outstanding from my first sip of Champagne to my last lick of a Lollipop that the hostess gave me as I was leaving the restaurant. My evening started with a glass of Bubbly at the bar and a couple of wonderful little treats. The first was a Mini Foie Gras Burger and the second was Puff Pastry with Truffles and Parmesan. As I was sitting in the bar I told the bartender how excited I was to be dining at a Savoy Restaurant. When it came time for dinner, I was escorted to my table by the Manager, Franck Savoy. He told me that the Bar Manager had let him know my story and that he would make sure I had a memorable evening! He definitely delivered on that promise. 1st course: Chilled Sweet Corn Soup, Mini Crab Cake- Wonderful, sweet corn flavor. Under the cup was a perfect little Crab Cake treat. 2nd Course: Colours of Caviar. A Parfait of Caviar, Green Bean Puree and Saboyan. Rich, flavorful and great for a caviar newbie. 3rd Course:Peas in all there Guises. I can't believe they could make something this good from just Peas, but it was really good! 4th: Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup. Second soup of the night. I wondered about this until I tasted the first spoonful. Rich and creamy with shaved Truffle and Parmesan. Best Soup I have ever had! 5th: Oysters in Ice Gelee. Absolutely Pristine Oyster. Fantastic! 6th:Crispy Sea Bass. Delicate flavor with a crispy skin 7th: Poussin with Truffle Jus: The biggest Problem with this dish is that Chicken just hasn't been the same since.The most tender, flavorful chicken ever! 8th: Escargot with Celery Root Puree: My first experience with Snails. Tender and sweeter than I expected, their juices added a nice flavor to the delicate celery root. 9th: Cheese Cart: Put a Cheese cart in front me and I am a Happy man! I think I tried them all! 10th: Roasted Pineapple Tart: Sweet Caramelized Fruit on a delicate, flaky crust. Dessert Cart: Beautiful Chocolates, jellies, Marshmallows and other treats. I tried one chocolate and was waiting for my check when the server came back with a plate of items that Franck had selected for me to try. At the end of this fantastic meal Franck had one more treat in store for me. He gave me a tour of the kitchen and introduced me to several of the chefs. This was a great honor and something I will always remember. The Restaurant itself is beautiful, elegant and very wheelchair accessible.
4	Beautiful restaurant, good service. Decent food (I'm not big on french food myself). I did like the ambiance though. Everything says ritzy about this place--including the price costs.
5	The evening of May 7th, 2009 will be one I will remember forever! It was the night of the Master's Series Dinner at Restaurant Guy Savoy. One of the kick off events of Vegas Uncorked. The evening started with Champagne and some of those little Foie Burgers I loved so much my first visit. I was soon escorted to my table and introduced to my tablemates; Angelo and fellow yelper, Mary Ellen. I am so used to dining solo that I had almost forgotten how enjoyable intelligent and humorous conversation can be. Thanks guys! Now on to the food. 1st Course Asparagus Soup with Fried Asparagus. Just a nice small treat to begin the evening. 2nd Course Lobster Raw "Cooked" in Cold Steam. Sweet Carpaccio of Lobster was served on a vented plate that hid some dry ice. When a Soy based sauce was poured over the Lobster, "steam" rose through the vents. Quite a show! Served with Veuve Ciiquot Rose Champagne. 3rd Course Turbot with Black Pepper Sabayon and Young Leeks. Mild, delicate fish, with a nicely spiced, peppery sauce and sweet grilled leeks. Paired with a 2007 Chateau La Nerthe Blanc. 4th Course Cannons of Vegetables Stuffed with Escargots, Mushrooms, Herbs, Mushroom Emulsion. This dish looked beautiful. The Vegetables were wonderfully cooked and sweet. The Mushroom emulsion was deep earthy and full of Mushroom flavor, but the stuffing didn't really excite me. The Escargots should have been the star, but really got lost in the other components of the stuffing. Served with a 2006 Newton Unfiltered Chardonnay. 5th Course Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup. This is a classic Savoy dish and was just as good as I remembered! Served with a 2006 Domaine Chandon Pinot Noir. This was my favorite pairing of the evening. 6th Course Truffle Loin of Veal, Black Truffle Potato Puree, Spring Vegetables. Perfectly cooked, decadently studded with Truffles. The potatoes were so good they reminded me of Robuchons. Served with a 2005 Ceretto, Bricco Asili, Barbaresco. 7th Course White Sphere A white chocolate sphere that, when a sauce was poured over revealed a hidden raspberry mousse. Quite an impressive show. Paired with a 2004 Domaine de Coyeux, Muscat de Beaumes de Venise. 8th Course The Famous Dessert Cart! One of the high points of the night was the opportunity to meet Chef Guy Savoy himself! This was an amazing evening of food, wine and friendship.
1	I wish I could review the food, however I can only review the customer service. My husband and I traveled from the east coast to renew our vows for our 10th anniversary. After months of research on line I finally decided on Guy Savoy for our after the ceremony dinner. Made reservations 3 months in advance, confirmation number received, all is good. The night we were to dine there we are standing outside of the restaurant (in black tie apparel!) looking at a sign that says it is closed until the end of July!!! I call the reservation number and they try to tell me they left a message. Um, no, I don't think I would forget such a message. The agent insisted someone else must have received it. No, again, it's my personal cell phone number, to which no one else has the code for. She curtly apologizes and offers us a $75 credit at another restaurant. Laughable, if I wasn't so close to tears. We will never return to this establishment and I will warn away as many people as possible.
5	Simply, this was the best meal I've ever eaten.Service and food are unmatched to Guy Savoy. Clean crisp decor compliments every delectable plate. The black truffle soup was heavenly and the seared sea bass was beyond words. Not to mention the cheese round... and everything else, likewise divine. This is a special night for pampered culinary lovers.
5	Full review in Blog.  Some highlights below.Arriving approximately 15 minutes early at The Palace I made my way to the Augustus Tower and took some pictures before entering the restaurant - doors held open for me by a pair of young ladies and greeted - literally - by Mr. Savoy, a bright smile, and a "Doctor U. I presume?"  Somewhat taken aback by such a warm greeting I confirmed my name and shook the managers hand before being escorted to my table in the main dining room.With my menu presented and myself settled in for a great experience the meal began with a pair of Canapes - both signature trademarks of Guy Savoy's restaurant both here and overseas.  The first dish, entitled "French club" consisted of alternating layers of duck foie gras, truffles, and brioche - now that is how you start a meal.  No bigger than the distal part of my thumb the dish was excellent with the buttery bread and earthy truffle providing the first flavor and fragrance but later giving way to the intensely creamy foie gras that lingered on the palate it its signature manner.  Without trying to sound too gluttonous I could've (and would've) eaten at least 50 of these given the chance.  Kicking off the official portion of the tasting menu I was brought a dish entitled Mosaic of Milk Fed Poularde, Foie Gras, Artichoke with Black Truffle Jus (Bread pairing Toasted Country Bread.)  Featuring layers of pounded and roasted chicken that was on par with the version at The French Laundy interspersed with creamy and unctuous moularde duck foie gras and a pureed artichoke the dish was one of the best mixed terrines I've ever tasted with the creamy foie, savory chicken, and smooth artichoke each standing separate yet also blending effortlessly to form a uniform taste that somewhat resembled mushroom - all of this was of course brought to an even more potent effect by the addition of a salty and earthy jus that tasted like the very essence of a black truffle and clung to the palate.  Pairing well with the warmed bread I spread each bite thin and savored this dish a great deal.Extremely happy with the meal thus far I was next greeted by one of Monsieur Savoy's most famous dishes - the Colors of Caviar (Bread pairing Plain Ciabatta.)  A multilayered "parfait" of sorts this dish was described at length but essentially consisted of multiple layers of caviar - a chilled caviar creme, a hot egg caviar sabayon, a caviar gelee, a smooth and salty green bean puree,  and a thick layer of cool Ossetra egg - eaten with a mother of pearl spoon.  Instructed to eat bites of each layer all at once I dug into the dish slowly and let the amalgam dissolve slowly in my mouth; unreal.  While I cannot say what the exact overarching flavor of the dish was, the feel of the dish was tremendous with a progression of flavors, textures, temperatures, and densities - a true "study" of the food.  Interestingly because of its presentation each bite actually offered a different sensation and progression due to the way the concoction came out on the spoon.  At $90 (off menu price) this is the most expensive single dish I've ever tasted and had it not been on the menu I'd likely not have indulged - but I'm certainly glad I did.  The bread served with this dish was clearly meant to do nothing but allow the caviar to shine - a plain and boring ciabatta that I tasted and discarded the rest of.Diverting from the classics to something I love the next dish was Radis-Foie, or Foie-Gras "en Papillote" and Radish Bouillon (Bread pairing Caramelized Onion Ciabatta.)  Having had my first truly amazing cooked Foie a few weeks earlier at Blackbird (a roasted prep) and L2O (first seared then roasted and served in a cotton candy shell) I was very intrigued by this dish and its novel method of preparation - first seared and then cooked not-exactly "en Papillote" or parchment, but rather steamed in sherry vinegar with pink and white radishes in a plastic bag which is presented tableside before being opened up and returned to the kitchen for plating.  Shying away from traditional accoutrements like fruit and nuts the kitchen at Guy Savoy instead chooses to temper their foie with bitter as opposed to sweet utilizing the bitter radish leafs and mild yet spicy radishes to further balance the foie's characteristic unctuous and buttery body.  While I personally love the majority of sweet Foie Gras preparations I've experienced I have to say this prep was an eye opener for me and a true showing of Guy's brilliance.  Speaking later with the Chef du cuisine during my tour of the kitchen it was actually this dish that garnered the majority of our discussion - apparently the use of bitters and spices to temper the liver is much more commonplace in France and Italy than in the United States due to their larger consumption of the dish and "American's have a sweet tooth."  While I'll not argue with my love of sweets I will say that this dish is one of the best Foie Gras preps I've had.
5	Best food I've had in Las Vegas.There is not only a cheese cart, not only a dessert cart, not only a champagne cart but there is also a bread cart! This is a great place to be wowed by the decadence but feel welcome by the friendly, extremely knowledgeable staff.I loved that they loved my love for foie gras.The wine guy (sorry, I can barely pronounce sommelier much less spell it) was impressive and our table captain was brilliant. They have adorable mini tables to put your purse upon and a great huge table for the greater huger wine list.We had the GTV prie fix and 5:30pm reservations and barely made our 9pm show, so that's the pace and leave time because you want to savor every moment. I love how they bring out the food as it is prepared to show you the wonder the chefs are creating. Wish I could have given the chefs a standing ovation. Brilliant food, beautiful plating, stunning wine pairing. They also have a short menu for those going to earlier shows.My favorite restaurant is still probably Gary Danko, but this is in the top 10, maybe top 5 and probably ahead of the French Laundry because the Guy Savoy staff are less pretentious.Highly recommended.
1	Terrible, I mean, really terrible if you're vegetarian.  While reserving a table over the phone, I was told that they can do vegetarian meals, no problem! Well, there was no vegetarian menu and what the chef put together was so incredibly bland (and small), I've had better 'custom vegetarian' meals from places charging 1/3 of the price. If you want a top French restaurant that does amazing vegetarian meals, try 'alex' at the wynn casino.The arrogance of the French waiter at guy savoy just added insult to injury. A friend found a bullet in his meat meal - the waiter's comment? - 'oh, that's the 3rd time this week' he says with a smile.. - no apology, nothing!! He just acted as if it was normal. Prices are astronomical and not worth the poor quality. The bread is good. Desert average. ($25 each - haha), the best thing was the appetizer.
5	As good as it gets. You may have heard of this place, but it's the only location in the US outside of France. It's run by Guy Savoy's son Franck at the Vegas location. The decor is simple, warm and inviting. But all the effort goes into the food. Sat in the bubble bar area near the fireplace. It's very casual here. The chairs are so small and delicate, I kept slipping off. Maybe it was the wine. In any case, tasted a few of the appetizers and it's divine. The restaurant does feature a really cool dining area inside the kitchen. It's glass encased, so you can see the chef and the cooks at work. There's also a Krug Champagne room. Back to the menu: It's all about tastings, small plates enough for one bite. From the signature artichoke and black truffle soup to spiced crispy sea bass the flavors are well balanced and textured. I felt like a judge on Iron Chef. There is a 10 course Menu Prestige which is probably going to cost you what some people pay in rent. You can take a different route though and choose items from the a la carte menu. There is also a dessert cart that comes after you're done eating. It's all in little portions including the much talked about pudding in a jar. Bon Appetit listed this place one the country's hottest restaurants.
5	The best French restaurant I had. Yesterday was my 2nd time I visited them and I will continue to go there on my next Vegas visit. Service was top notch, the food was exceptional. I had wine pairing with their 10 course dinner and it was like heavenly orgies happening between my taste and smell. They pair the bread (lot of choices), food and wine. Each course was intense and yet delicate.
5	Wonderful fine dining experience!! No wonder it has two michelin stars...We only had the $99 Pre-Theater menu, but it was more than enough for us and we were totally stuffed. In between the appetizer and entrees, we got little amuse bouche and other little treats. And the dessert cart selection was fun, allowing us to sample a lot of the goodies. And of course, excellent service.I thought it was a great deal actually ;) makes your vegas trip feel totally different with a calm fine dining experience like this.
5	I'm glad I got to eat here as this was one of the most memorable places I've ever tried. First, in order to find the massive wooden doors that marks the entrance to this gastronomical wonderland, you have to navigate through the labyrinth that is Ceaser's Palace. Ceaser himself, armed with today's latest GPS technology, wouldn't be able to find this place (or the bathroom, for that matter).One thing that stood out for me (besides the small chair that they have for purses) was the CARTS filled with goodness. The bread cart towered far above the tables and contained a huge variety of endless bread (that I can't remember) that was freshly baked. The champagne cart was excellent and I enjoyed the recommendation that the sommelier has made. The dessert cart was similarly filled to the brim with all types of unique desserts, and at that time I was already stuffed from the huge meal we just had.Some stand out dishes include:1) Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup, Toasted Mushroom Bricohe, and Black Truffle Butter - A solid foundation for the our meal. Contained huge chunks of black truffles which really made the soup memorable.2) Crispy Veal Sweetbreads w/ Petite Potato and Black Truffle Sandwiches - Delicious and delicate, and paired well with the glass of Cab that we had3) Roasted Baby Chicken w/ Black Truffle Potato Puree and Winter Vegetables - at this point I was too full to eat too much of this, but it was a nice touch for them to bring out the pot for you to smell before it is fully cooked.The Chocolate Fondant and the Textures of Blood Orange were both very good. If only I was born with a larger stomach, I could have fully sampled and finished all the dishes that were presented to me. This was, so far, the best dining experience I've ever had.
5	I had an amazing meal here.  They have an amazing wine list.  Good decor, comfortable tables, good service (all French).  Even the breads, which come on a cart with ~15 varieties, are amazing.  The son of Guy Savoy runs this show and he comes out and meets every table.  The food is very good if you are thinking about this or something else, besides the cost (~$500 w/o wine for two), I'm not sure you'll find a better place.
4	It's Per Se doused in Vegas opulence and glitter. That's not exactly a bad thing. On the contrary, the experience was exactly as I expected. However, the food lacked a something, je ne sais quoi, as the french would put it. I was there as a party of six, and we went with the menu prestige. There was plenty of truffles, caviar, and fois but nothing is standing out as I'm writing this. I'm having a hard time singling out a memorable bite while having no trouble recalling the same from similar restaurants of the same caliber. Actually, I do remember the dessert cart as crazy stupid. It was filled with an assortment of goodies from macarrons to rice pudding in shot glasses. But by that point of the meal, none of us was able to stomach much more. There's also something about dropping $400 per person in these times that just feels a little wrong. I can justify it if I was at Guy Savoy in Paris, but Vegas? I don't know, left an artificial taste in my mouth.
5	Where to start? The impeccable service which read me to a T? The dishes that both surprise and satisfy? Overflowing champagne, bread, cheese and dessert carts staffed by people that admonish you for not taking enough? Dining here is sure to be a memorable meal for all the right reasons. Savoy is one of the finest restaurants in Las Vegas. Or atleast it will be until I eat at TWIST in a few weeks...
3	I checked out the small bites served at the Bubble Bar before deciding if I should venture the tasting menu.  The artichoke soup with truffle was tasty, and the scallop two way (sauted and sashimi) was melt in mouth yummy. The lobster salad was eeehh. I don't think I'll be checking out their tasting menu based on my small bites experience.
5	Fine dining at it's best!  The service, food , presentation was remarkable.  We had the tasting menu that was 150 a person before wine.  We also added the Kobe steak for 45 an once.  All in all party of four 1300 dollars......... I thought I would be bitching about the price later, but all I could remember was the wonderful food and how I was planning my next trip back.  Everything from the quail egg pea soup, fois gras, truffle soup, sea scallops, all amazing.  Skip the kobe.......it's just ok.   To correct  Elita C from earlier post it actually has the prestigious 5 Michelin star not 2.
5	***First of all: This was the best meal of our lives.*** I would give it six stars, if allowed to. It was also one of the most expensive (by quite a bit).My wife and I had eaten at Guy Savoy's original restaurant in Paris and thoroughly enjoyed it, so we had high hopes for the Las Vegas location. This location is in Caesar's Palace and is supervised by Guy's charming son. It is located in a quiet part of the place with an understated dining room from which a perfect view of the "Eiffel Tower" at Paris, Paris may be seen. It is oddly transporting in that bizarre Vegas sort of way. The seating density is VERY low, which is great. When loud talkers wearing gold chains and other bling chat, you really cannot hear them. The clientele is a mixture of gauche high rollers, foodies, and special occasion sorts.Quality and service here are impeccable. The meal starts with the champagne cart which has a dozen offerings by the glass. Where we live, you are lucky to find a basic champagne by the glass, much less an assortment of top tier houses. The bread cart has a dozen and half kinds of bread from walnut bread to a seaweed bread. There are two kinds of butter from Normandy: a salted and unsalted version.The menu is organized as a tasting menu or one may order ala carte. We chose ala cart and ordered three course, which included Guy's famous black truffle and artichoke soup. Everything was without flaw AND filled with passion.All well and good, but the service was the best part. Guy Savoy has the most gracious staff ever. If I had asked "what is chicken?", they would have immediately described it with no hint of talking down to the guest. Everyone was immensely kind and helpful, while staying professional. They also were invisible when they should be invisible and somehow present when they should be present. Half empty butter holders disappeared and were replenished without any disturbance in our conversation. All together impressively seamless. Guy's son watches over the well trained staff and visits each table with warm and genuine care.We were quite full after our three courses and decided to just have an espresso, passing on dessert. Our espresso was accompanied by three more gratis courses of sweets, including a cart of candies, pastries, ice creams, etc., then petit fours. This was the continuation of a pattern of several gratis mini-courses during the meal.As we departed, we were presented a beautifully packaged box of house-made chocolates. The bill was huge, BUT it was worth every penny. The value was there. If a person is planning on seeing a show in Vegas and getting great seats, you would pay about as much. Why not try a world-class restaurant for a few hours. You'll be amazed.
5	I lost count of the # of courses we had that night.  But the entire experience was wonderful.  Each course that a pairing of bread so by the end I was so full.  Only wish I had more room for the entire desert cart.
5	Spectacular, and out of this world experience.  Never seen anything like this.  The dessert and cheese trays are amazing!
5	Sometimes less is more ..... Cooking is an art form. I am uncertain how a simple serving of soul food can really warm the soul but it does. Guy Savoy is so far from soul food, yet every bite and experience in the restaurant warms the soul.From the simplicity of the ingredients that create flavors for the most sophisticated pallet this is a must if you are seeking fine, fine dining on the strip. The pricey meal is worth it for the sophisticated foodie to a couple looking for a romantic dinner.Service, wine list, breads and dessert are beyond the ordinary. The food is plenty and the staff deliver the utmost atmosphere of warmth and elegance. The service was unparalleled to many fine dining restaurants in Las Vegas The oysters were phenomenal as was the truffle soup. The service made the dinner a memorable one. I would agree with a few reviewers that no one time stands out. The entire experience blends into a rather unique meal that brings out the finer side of ordinary foods.The carts, from the champagne to the dessert cart intrigue and offer choices galore as well as the small culinary delights from the kitchen.Enjoy , Bon Appetite.
5	If you ever do go back to Vegas and want a meal that is hard to describe you must try Guy Savoy (Ghee Sav-wah).  The restaurant is run by Guy's son and I must say they do everything perfect.Here is a flickr list that has a lot of what we had with good pictures:http://www.flickr.com/photos/lucyndskywdmnds/3653034910/- You arrive to the table and immediately a man with an entire cart of champagne visits you. (We skipped this) (Actually the first thing was that the dear wife's purse got its own stool)- One of the servers then instantly arrives to ask what type of water you would like.  (We selected Evian flat)- If you select Wine they bring out a huge book and the book comes with its own very table.  I had 3 glasses of the same and very much enjoyed it.- You are then presented with the menu and asked for questions.- We selected the prestige menu (indicating 10 courses, but really about 13)- Immediately after ordering we were presented with a gift from the Chef which was a small foie gras tasting (It resembled a very very tiny sandwich) Excellent!- It is hard to remember everything and the order, but I believe now is when we first got one of our bread selections.   Take a look at that flickr bread cart.  That is exactly what it looked like and it is hard to believe they are all real and perfect.- Then everything started...course after course..about 4 hours.I have absolutely nothing negative to say about this wonderful experience.   The staff makes this one of the best events of your life.   Why go to a show when you can experience something like this first hand!
5	I loved everything about this place. We went there for my birthday last summer, and it was an amazing experience! From the great bread selection, delicious amuse-bouche and little bites that were sent to us from the kitchen, to the BEST-EVER beef (prepared 2 ways) and the dessert trolley... simply wow!With this kind of impeccable service on top of it! Now I'm just repeating myself, but - WOW.
5	Whenever I go to Vegas, dinner here is a given.  I have never witnessed such a high level of service and an overall complete dining experience.  The key word is experience.  This is not only a mere meal, and a very good one at that, but rather a period of time that your every want and need is catered to.  I only wish I could have visited when Maestro Savoy was in town.  This is not to say the chef is incompetent.  Heck his son, Franck,  runs the place and he makes you feel like best friends.  OK first off, carts kicks ass!  They have a bread trolley with bacon bread.  Bread with real bacon bits!!!  It blew my mind, I always take some to go now.  They have all sort of bread for different foods.  The seaweed bread is another winner.  It seems as though you can taste the ocean through oven magic.  There is a dessert cart as well.  Pretty much a candy shop on wheels.  Willy Wonka eat your heart out.  Macaroons are my new best friends.  I can hardly write because of all the thought on my brain.  Plus everything is made in house.  The menu is not expansive and I highly suggest one of the tasting menus.  The beauty is you can work with the staff to get something to your liking or if you want to try different items from your mates.  The staples of the menu are done to perfection.  The truffle soup for example gets better every time; it's addicting.  The same can be said of the sea bass, scallops and poussin.  Do yourself a favor and go for the wine pairing.  The sommelier is excellent and won't steer you wrong.  I've never been to a place where the combination of service and food made me feel so satisfied.  Of course some will comment on the price, but at the end of the night it is well worth it.When I die, I don't want to go to heaven I want to go to Guy Savoy.
4	After seeing Julia and Julia, I was on an excursion to try out all the things French Cuisines, and this came at the right time.  The restaurant  is hidden inside Cesar in the corner with a very narrow space.  The decor is mimimal considering the price on the menu.  People who ate there that night was very snobbish, and acted like royality like.. LOL  I came here with my bf and we are casual people, so the fun from looking and observing the crowd was hysterical.. Food... its was ok, simply not the best, and the price is extremely high.. by bf couldn't stop talking about the price of a wine listed on their menu for $40,000.  We opted for $100 bottle which came out to be the best wine I've had.  We' chated a bit with one of the waitress there and she gave us some other places to try that wouldn't break our savings, she was uber cool.
5	Guy Savoy is not quite 5 stars (perfection), but close enough.  It probably makes my Top 5 fine dining experiences.  Top 10 for sure.  For those who know me, it falls somewhere below French Laundry and Momofuku Ko, but above Ritz-Carlton Dining Room and Gary Danko.I should have noted the Sommelier's name, because he was terrific.  He was approachable and didn't dismiss us even though we were lightweights. He poured me quite possibly the best glass of wine I've ever tasted: a Chateau La Tour Figeac 2000 Bordeaux from the St. Emillion region.  Other +'s:  The food courses were delicious.  Well-seasoned, well-balanced, and well-planned.  For instance, there were lots of light, cool or cold dishes, perfect for the hot summertime Vegas weather.  And I know everyone else has mentioned it, but the bread cart is a treat.  I usually refrain from eating more than a bite or two of bread, just to taste, when I'm expecting a full tasting menu, but I could not resist finishing the bacon bun and my slice of the caramelized onion loaf.  The dessert cart is just as lovely.  I was eyeing it in anticipation the entire evening as it traveled from this table to that table.  Finally, they won't pass judgment if you wish to take pictures of every course, as well as the bread and dessert carts.  In fact, they'll gladly help you by bringing the carts over to you.  And almost every course was worth a picture (I kept putting away my camera and then bringing it back out again upon seeing the next course).The -'s:  Decor is sparse and odd.  The space is nice enough, but one of the two art pieces was strange enough to be distracting.  And they're not as indulgently-staffed as other fine dining establishments, so the service is not quite so impeccably timed as, say, at French Laundry, although service is excellent otherwise, from the purse stool to the fresh lint-free napkins you receive every time you get up from the table (yes, like the Ritz-Carlton Dining Room, they toss your napkin and give you a fresh one ... using spoons to carry it, rather than their hands).The price is a bit steep, even for fine dining establishments.  But then again, it's Vegas and he's French (it seems the French establishments run by French chefs, i.e. Joel Robuchon or Alain Ducasse, always charge more than the really great American chefs), so the markup is not so surprising.  All-in-all, a wonderful evening, and certainly the best I've had in Vegas, even if I've had the same or better in Napa or New York for less.
2	Hey, if I had known that there would be portion control on everything, I would have gone to Prime or any other restaurant on the Strip. I was not impressed with anything at this restaurant, except the decor. The service was not there and the same for the food. For the price that I paid for a dinner, the basket of rolls should have been on the table. Instead, you would get two tiny bread rolls, with "cold butter." How can you spread cold butter? Anyway, the meal so so memorable that I can't even remember one thing that I enjoyed at this restaurant.! I will not return for sure, but rest assure that other restaurants will get my business.
5	This review is a 6 months overdue, but I remember it like it was yesterday. I was able to go to Restaurant Guy Savoy at Caesars Palace with family from out of town. It is the only other Guy Savoy restaurant in the world, the first being in Paris, France. It is hands down one of THE best french restaurants in Las Vegas. The service and attention to detail are beyond what you can believe. The ratio is 3:1, meaning 3 servers to 1 guest. What!!    Once you enter and are greeted by the host, you are escorted to a private table where you are greeted by the manager of the restaurant, Franck, who also is the son of the chef. He asked if there will be any time constraints (just in case you have a show or something else to do in town) and then explains the menu to you.      We started the dining experience with the wine sommelier explaining to us about all the different bottles of champagnes and wines they have to offer that month. After making a selection, they cart the wines and champagnes to your table in a large silver bowl overflowing with ice to keep all the bottles chilled and ready to serve (our choice was a 1999 Bollinger Brut Special Cuvee), at the same time the waiters bring you a selection of artisan bread rolls, made fresh daily, ranging from black olives, white and black truffles, pepperoni, and the original delicate french bread with a pink sea salt crust. They are all served with artisan butter, all made in house, ranging from sea salt to black truffle and one I can't remember, and constantly replaced as to not let the butter melt to a oily mess, (remember the 3:1 ratio in servers).    We started the meal with a little teacup of Celery and Turnip with Potato and Leek Soup plus hidden salmon and daikon roll with basil gelee to open up your palate. The appetizers we started with were Kumamoto oysters served with a seaweed jelly and oyster puree. Next was the soup, a silky smooth Artichoke Soup that had Parmesan and French black truffle shaved tableside. Next, the Duck Foie Gras and Radish, the foie gras arranged like a fan, pan seared then steam baked with pink radishes.    For the main dish, sweetbreads from a baby calf, browned so that they are crispy on the outside and still juicy in the inside served over summer vegetables braised in veal stock. After that, lamb chops, oven roasted, served with pearl onions, mushrooms, and carrots and sliced Italian Alba white truffles   For dessert, a brown butter ice cream, a grapefruit terrine, and a soft chocolate cake served with a crisp praline and a chicory cream. I wasn't a huge fan of such a sweet dessert, but all in all the meal which lasted 2 hours was the best french meal I've had the pleasure to enjoy in years.    When the meal was complete, the man whose name is the restaurant Chef Guy Savoy personally came out to greet us and asked if we enjoyed the meal. Also needed to be mentioned is that the manager of the restaurant, Franck, a very likeable fellow, with witty humor and a class that isn't snobby but humble who came to check up on us throughout the dinner. Also after the meal, we had  the chance to thank all the chefs because Franck took us for a personal tour of the kitchen, a well orchestrated parade of chefs at different stations working tediously to ensure every guest receives a 5 star meal.    We are spoiled in Las Vegas because we are the only city in all the U.S. that has 5 star chefs cooking for us every day of the week and we can pick and choose where and at what fine establishment we want to eat. You really can not get that any where else in the U.S.
5	It's been quite sometime since I've ate here (probably about 2 years).  But it is one of the most epic meals I've had.  My parents brought me to this place for a birthday.  We had the pre-coursed meal... Everything was amazing.  Probably the best french restaurant in Vegas.  Just wishing he would open a joint near me!
4	This was a magnificent 11-course meal at a Michelin rated restaurant.  I think our meal went for 3 hours.  Each dish came with a bread pairing which was delicious.  The service was exquisite.  The 2 best dishes we had were the artichoke and black truffle soup and the sea bass.  These dishes were really flavorful but felt that many of the other dishes did not have that same pop.
3	The food was creative yet lacked the fusion to make it wow!The atmosphere needs "something"
3	The four of us ordered the full tasting menu, with bread, wine, and cheese at the end. Service was good and friendly, about on par with what I expect at a restaurant of such caliber (and price). Creative breads were a nice touch, and many of the dishes were thoroughly enjoyable, but I honestly can't remember a single dish that really drove me crazy. This meal took place about 2 months ago.I don't have any particular complaints, but I was overall unimpressed with the dishes in comparison to my expectations. Among all the tasting menus I have had at Michelin-starred restaurants (6 or 7), this was the least memorable.The bottom line is that there is better value to be had in Las Vegas, but if there are some particular dishes at Guy Savoy that excite you, I would recommend it.
4	As one of the few Michelin rated restaurants in Vegas, it definitely has the pedigree to back up it's exorbitant menu prices. There are various dining options, from small tasting menus, to large tasting menus, to a la carte. Either way, you cannot escape this place for less than $200 for two people, which is not terrible for a culinary institution such as Guy Savoy. You are also showered with treats from the kitchen throughout the night.Make sure to ask to see the wine list, even if you are broke from gambling. It is worth flipping through the large Encyclopedia like book of wines just to see what a rich person might drink...and what you and I can only dream of one day tasting!!!The decor is surprisingly minimal...which is great because the highlight of Guy savoy is not the restaurant itself but what comes out of the kitchen.Make sure to make a reservation and live it up!!! It is well worth the money and time to experience a place such as Guy Savoy!!!
4	Wow I'd have to say this dining experience was such a roller coaster! I'll preface this review with the fact that we did not do the full tasting menu but went with simple 2 course along with the requisite courses of amuse bouche. When I walked in, I was immediately impressed with a beautiful wine rack leading into an impressively tall dining space.  As I sat down though, the place didn't feel like a comfortable space to eat. It could have been a great art gallery as the walls and center divider impose a very understated but imposing feel. The bread and dessert carts looked almost too industrial. I know they went for minimalist but wow... OK; set that stuff aside and think about the food... Amuse Bouche... the first spear of toast with foie gras torchon was tasty... it lead on to a potato soup with a dollop of minced maguro; a light choice. Everything pleasant, nothing controversial. For starters we went for a lobster salad... it came beautifully presented in layers of lobster and delicately julienned greens and a crisp lobster cracker, and more lobster... topped with a sauce of lobster reduction. MMMMMM...Great bread filled in the spaces.Then came our main which we went with roasted veal chop for two. First bite of the meat was just a touch disappointing. The meat was tender, the chop perfectly pink... it just didn't have anything remarkable to it. The veal reduction sauce was very classic but again, not remarkable. At that point we were running the numbers on our bill and asking if the 4 $ signs were worth it? Well then the potato puree that accompanied the dish brought the impression roaring back to a strong rating. Black truffle infused potato pure garnished with a thin slice of truffle on top and rich truffle foam... I had 2 plates and they just kept offering us more... What a delight! For dessert I chose the apple... a confluence of apple flavors and textures... very... apple-y. and interesting from a taste standpoint. But, the coconut dessert amuse bouche stole the show for me. WOW. Then the finale... dessert cart. the industrial minimalist cart... bearing bite after bite of dessert wonderfulness... Chocolate mousse was rich and satisfying. brown butter tart - memorable, many of the other mini-desserts.. just were all deserving of praise. Last comment is on service. Our waitress was very personable and thoughtful.
1	I dislike this place and will never recommend it to anyone. Fine dining to me involves 1) Unique wonderful food 2) Immaculate service - this is why you pay so much more, which is why it's called fine dining.If you look, I usually like to only review places I LIKE. So people will go there. Why waste time to help advertise places I do not like. This is an exception.Here is the gist, my friend had left because she was hung over. She had ordered bread from the cart, prior to leaving. I did not. So she got her food in a box and left, while myself and 4 other friends stayed for the rest of the dinner. While we were enjoying our entrees I was eating HER bread. The bread was wheat bread, and I admit, was delicious. So the waiter (whom french accent sounded super unauthentic) seeing that she left, comes over to clean up and remove her place setting - which is normal. He reaches over and grabs the plate with the bread on it, which was next to me. I tell him "No no leave the bread, I am eating it". Now, what is the common sense  thing to do, if you were the waiter?Think about it... Common sense?!?!Answer: You put the plate down!!! walk away and let the customer enjoy the bread! Right????You do not even need to say anything, but of course, instead of doing this, he spoke back in condescending tone "But monsieur, that is the ladies bread" as if I broke some sort of natural law- Is it really unacceptable for me to eat someone else bread?If the same situation occurs at any other restaurant, I can *almost* guarantee you they will put the plate down and would probably even be glad to do so. So he grabs the plate (with my hand on the plate as well!) and said "I will bring you another bread". I totally recall thinking... Why is he arguing with me? So he takes off with the plate and this was when I was not too happy. He did come back with bread, but it was NOT the same type!! Obviously, I am not going to make call him out because it is not the same kind of bread but this added to my fury!!!!Alright, because this happen with bread, you may say "it's only bread" Well, lets substitute this situation with say.. soup. Your friend leaves so you are enjoying their clam chowder which was ordered. The waiter comes over to deny you of it, even though you ask to leave it there. He brings you a new bowl of soup, however when it arrives, its some cream of broccoli. I know most of you would say something about the soup!Anyways the food.. I ordered the Kobe Beef. I had six ounces of it, its sold by the ounce. It was not good. The above incident occurred during the main course, so I stopped eating. Left a couple ounces on the plate and did not allow anyone to touch it. Another one of my friend saw I was upset and so she said something to the manager (or owner, not sure) and he provided complementary glass of wine to everyone. I made sure nobody drank the wine they gave me. I do not need this crap and you do not either, hundred of places in Vegas to have a great dining experience. I walked out upset. it maybe a funny story with my friends and I now but at the moment, I was Pissssssed.Never again!Breakdown: 1-star for the manger who did something. 0 star of everything else.
5	According to those late night charity ads on TV, I could have fed 3,500 poor African people for six weeks with the money we spent at Guy Savoy. Four of us, over $2,400. Great meal. But was it worth it? One can't go cheap here. If you skip ordering a bottle of wine, you will find they have a superb and expensive wine-by-the-glass just waiting for you. But that's a good thing. The food is superb. So is the service and the ambiance. The bar is for diners only. I like this because it's both snobby and pretentious. Hey, if this meal is costing $1,200 for me and my wife, I want to experience all the superficial, insecurity-driven emotions one gets to experience by not eating with "the little people". I'll be better in my next life.The only slight negative is the exaggerated French accents of some of the staff (think Pink Panther). Hey, it's a super-expensive, great French restaurant. You already know that. My take is that if you are willing to pay the $$$$, you won't be disappointed.
5	Just ate at Guy Savoy post a show at Ceasars with a party of four and cannot recommend this place enough. Be warned the bill is going to be as stunning as the food, but I can say for a special occasion in Vegas it is really hard to beat this place. The food is outstanding and we really liked the minimalist decor and intimate setting (a nice break from Vegas glitz), but where this place shines in my opinion is the service. Without question, we were attended to by the one of the best head waiters that I have experienced in my dining experiences. He really did a great job of managing the presentation and flow our meal, was incredibly knowledgeable and witty about selections and really went out of his way to make us feel comfortable and special. As a highlight, he deftly handled the selection of a fantastic french red after I made it clear I did not want to spend close the bottle average on a seemingly limitless and intimidating selection. If your ordering a la carte I recommend not to miss the sea bass or artichoke hearts/black truffle soup.
5	A fabulous dining experience.  The bread cart is worth the price of admission.  The wine list is awesome, and the food is perfectly prepared.  The service could not be better.  I suggest trying the tasting menu with wine parings.  The ambiance is quite good, if not spectacular like Picasso next door.  Definitely not for those looking for a value, but a great place for a special night out where cost is not a factor.
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner here because the food was excellent and I didn't have to pay the outrageous bill. My husband's boss treated us to the entire tasting menu. I didn't know I was going to have dinner at some fancy restaurant when I flew out there last minute to meet my husband so I had to go buy a dress. I splurge and bought a DVF dress. We got to there early so we sat at the bar. They offered us some cute little burgers on a stick. The bartender asked me what I wanted to drink and I said "surprise me." He made me some delicious berry martini. I could drink 8 of those. During our four hour dinner, all the food, the service, and the wine was amazing. My favorite was the bread cart. It was like a work of art. The cheese cart and dessert cart were fabulous too. I was drinking my special martinis and all the paired wines. I loved how they served everything with such flair. My favorite was the artichoke soup.  I was so wasted but since it was over a long period of time I managed some decorum (I think).The bill was crazy but my husband said since my dress cost about my portion for dinner, its like I got a free dress. I am not sure if that makes any sense, since I still had to pay for the dress. Anyhow, I got dinner and a dress out of the whole trip so woohooo!
4	Let me set some disclaimers before I get lampooned for my comments.  I enjoy hole in the walls over fine dining any day, but at the same time, I can be won over by fantastic flavors and textures nonetheless.  So, if you're not of the same mindset as me, prolly skip this review all together.Guy Savoy has been on my radar for the last years for it's glowing reviews, so being that it was our first time here, we went for the motherlode, the 10-course Menu Prestige.  From our experience with previous tasting menus, we knew that we were in for a marathon of eating, so readied our stomachs.  (I apologize in advance for my sub par illustrations of each elegant dish, but that's all my food vocabulary can do.  No fancy culinary terms here.)Pre-meal bonus!- Foie gras with a teeny tiny piece of toast - teeny tiny toast but with a big burst of fattyliciousness.  - Waffle with melty Parmesan Reggiano Cheese - savory but light and fluffy- Cream of..... - There were so many cream of somethings, I forgot what this was, but the surprise mini crabcake hiding underneath was fantastic!  Crabby seafood essence with just the right seasoning.10-course Menu Prestige1.  "Eggs All Truffle" - Creamy decadence. First of the theme of Black Truffle.  Thin slices of toast buttered with black truffle butter were paired so that we could dunk the tastiness into the yolky tastiness of the quail egg.2.  Langoustines in "Cold Steam"  (Tuna Carpaccio) - This was more visually appealing than delicious.  The cold steam was very amazing, but I'm not sure I appreciated the full flavors of the dish.3.  Crispy Sea Bass with Delicate Spices - call me a biased but this one did not impress me probably because it was more dry than delicate.4.  "Colors of Caviar" - oh so rich!  It was only the 4th course in and I was already full!      5.  Foie-Gras "en Papillotte" and Radish Bouillon - The 4" mound of fat they call Foie-gras picked my appetite back up.  Can never have too much of foie gras.  It was juicy and oozed with fat.  Beware, not for the weak of heart and those who fear fat.6.  Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup - a puree of artichoke with thin shavings of black truffle and parmesan reggiano, paired with....7.  Toasted Mushroom Brioche, and Black Truffle Butter - This was fantastic!  The brioche was flaky and buttery and when you add some black truffle butter on it, you can beat the texturegasmic experience.8.  Roasted Poussin (Chicken), Black Truffle Potato Puree, Seasonal Vegetables Braised in Poussin Jus - The black truffle potoato puree was super creamy and of course, black truffle made it exponentially delicious.  Is it blasphemous of me to say that costco whole roasted chicken was juicier and more succulent?  gasp!9.  Seasonal Vegetables Braised in Veal Jus - Of all the dishes, this was probably the most disappointing.  The vegetables were too salty and limp.10. Fine Cheeses - Almost done!  The cheeses are very full of flavor and quite enjoyable.  It's too bad we were filled to the brim!11.  Apple - Our pre-dessert palate cleanser of apple sorbet and another with apple "caviar" and foam.  Again, I'm not usually a fan of fruity desserts, so could not enjoy to the fullest.12.  Chocolate Fondant, Crunchy Praline and Chicory Cream - There's always room for dessert, and for a dessert as fine as this, I was in chocolate heaven.  I love how the creamy chocolate fondant paired so well with the crunchy praline layer.Conclusion:  I think our stomachs lost the battle of gluttony in the end, but in a good way.  Filled to the brim with quality ingredients and exceptional service.  (We definitely had a laugh at our own etiquette mistakes and one waiter's inability to disguise his disgust at us commoners for those mistakes)  Excellent fine dining.  Sure beat my Joel Robuchon experience!  Is it worth one visit?  Yes.  Is it worth going back?  Meh, I rather have my hole in the wall or go to the more "casual" French dining with Le Atelier de Joel Robuchon.
5	Truly an experience you'll never forget.  YES, it costs about $400/person for the full tasting menu WITHOUT wine.  YES - it takes hours to finish.  YES - it will be one of the best meals of your life.  Some highlights:1) Artichoke soup served with truffled butter brioche.  Ok, the soup was great.  It's Monsieur Savoy's signature dish.  But, that piece of brioche was the best thing I've ever eaten.  Take a nice piece of brioche, then your waiter spreads a truffled butter on top.  Grab it while it's nice and warm and eat.  Rich, truffly, and delicious.  2) Lobster with carrot puree.  I'm actually NOT a lobster fan.  Yup.  I said it.  But this was unbelievable.  Normally lobster is tough - not this.  And paired with the sweetness of the carrot I found the lobster to actually be tasty rather than the blandness I associate with lobster.  Yup - bland.  But this was great.3) Colors of Caviar - pure goodness.  Come in a little serving cup and you can see layers of different goodness in there.  I don't remember what exactly was in there beyond caviar and some kind of creamy sauce.  But it was wonderful.4) Their Cheeses - great selection.  One of the ones we chose was a blue cheese so strong I could only take a small bite alongside the fruit and bread that came with it.  We were already stuffed so didn't appreciate this as much as we should have.5) Their breads with salted and unsalted butter.  Seriously, this could have been the meal by itself.  I remember a walnut bread as well as a cranberry bread that was just amazing.  And served with the best butter I've ever had.  Service is impeccable.  It's over 10 courses but you get new silverware each time.  Make sure you know what the Prestige Menu costs before ordering - with tax and tip you need to spend over $400.
5	Truly an unforgettable experience. Came here for Valentine's Day and had their spectacular tasting menu that included bread pairing! We literally ate for 4 hours. Not exactly sure how many dishes came out, but every single dish was made to perfection and everything was extremely delicious! Out of all the countless dishes, I still could remember how amazing the black truffle potato puree tasted. The waiter even offered for more, but at that point I was extremely stuffed. I'm so glad I was able to experience Guy Savoy. If you ever get the chance for that one time splurge on fine dining, definitely come here. You'll be extremely satisfied for your money's well spent.
3	I truly wanted to love Guy Savoy.  Okay, I loved the service.  Very attentive, professional, yet very friendly.  The decor is among the most drab I've ever seen.  Steel grey walls--felt very institutional.  Tables are very well spaced.  Loved my view of the Eiffel Tower from the Paris Hotel.  Very nice that I received a printed menu in a lovely folder.  Food, however, was "okay"--not memorable.  Nothing wrong with any of the dishes (okay, the chicken was a bit dry), but for a dinner that cost more than $600 for a single person, I wanted to be "blown away" by it, and I wasn't.  The room throughout the evening (Thursday night) remained no more than 1/3 full. (Two nights before I dined at Joel Robuchon, and almost all of the tables were taken).  I had the Menu Prestige.  For the money, I will return to Joel Robuchon.
5	First thing I noticed was the restaurant it's self was a little plain and the ceilings were quite high so the room echoed when people spoke . For the food ... Oh the food ! Nothing short of delicious ! We did the tasting menu and added the Foie Gras then ordered a bottle of wine . Everything came out in a timely manner and was irresistible . The bill came out to almost 1000 but it was well worth it ...
5	My wife and I have been to nearly every 3 Michelin star restaurant in the US, so we were excited about going to Guy but our expectations were a bit tempered because it was only a 2 star restaurant with a much lower profile than the other heavy hitters on the Strip. Boy, were we pleasantly surprised and completely blown away by the experience. It was one of the finest dining experiences of our lives and there were so many moments where we took a bite and started moaning audibly. Embarrassing but if you've eaten here you'll know why. The food is simply delicious, beautiful and sensuous. First let's start with the bread service. For some this is a throw away but here at Guy they roll out this enormous cart with bread arranged in a giant wall of carbs. It was beatiful, ridiculous and made my wife who is a bread fiend almost weep. The bread was served with two kinds of butter (salted and unsalted) and each of the choices was incredible. My favorite as a lemon bread with rinds of lemon in the bread that my waiter "paired" with the lobster dish to bring out its flavor. Who ever heard of a bread pairing with a dish? We opted for the Menu Elegance for $180 and our first dish was the lobster and avocado. It was a perfect balance of acidic with the lemon along with the fat of the avocado balls and the sweetness of the lobster meat perfectly cut with amazing knife skills. We then got a monkfish with greens and a black pepper saboyan that was pure goodness. The meat was firm but not overdone, meaty but tender and the saboyan was buttery and lick-your-plate-clean good.The next course was the asaparagus soup with flecks of parmesan and truffles on top. It was served with a warm mushroom brioche bun slathered with truffle butter table side which you would dip in the soup. This is the part where our eyes closed and we started making x-rated noises. It was delicious, earthy, savory, overwhelming and sensuous all in one bowl? Dipping the bread into the soup was an overload of flavors and one of the most memorable dishes I've ever eaten. I really don't like soup so for me to say that is truly overcoming my natural biases. The next course was the duck breast perfectly sliced and presented with a series of vegetables. My wife said that it is the best duck she's ever had which truly high praise because she's had duck at Per Se, French Laundry, and just about every other high end french restaurant. Truly sublime with a smokey flavor that wasn't overwhelming. Last but not least was the Jasmine Chocolate dessert presented tableside with a spritz of Jasmine at the very last moment. Incredibly fragrant and a dessert that perfectly combined two seemingly disparate flavors with flawless execution. I would rank this restaurant right up there with Le Bernardin, Per Se and French Laundry. I know some would argue that Robuchon is better but I disagree. I've eaten there and if I were a Michelin grader I would give Guy 3 starts and Robuchon 2. An amazing restaurant and one worth the splurge.
5	Guy Savoy was impressive, very impressive.  I have not even eaten here, but it does not really matter.  Guy Savoy is hospitality personified.  I came here for one reason, Krug.  I had called to see if a reservation was required to have some bubbly at the Bubble Bar (where they poured Krug by the glass) and was told that it was not necessary and that they look forward to having us.  When we arrived, we were told that the Bubble Bar was sold out for the evening.  The hostess was quite gracious and apologetic when I told her about the phone conversation I had regarding reservations.  She suggested we talk to the manager and then guided us to the restaurant.  I approached the manager who was at the front desk, informed him of the situation and without hesitation, he led us to their private patio. It was beautiful and romantic. The manager served us personally. He brought us two glasses of Krug and surprised us with three canapes.  They were delicious.  This is the mark of a great restaurant.  We were in Vegas, we wanted an experience at Guy Savoy, and without hesitation or pretense, they gave me exactly what I wanted and more. I will be back in a month or so to have dinner, I cannot wait.
4	We did the Menu Prestige.  It broke bank, but boy were we stuffed!   Roughly, we got served 15 different things, many of which were not on the menu. The dishes were small, but cumulatively, you come out with a pot belly. All of the dishes were masterfully crafted, as how it should be.  Another wow moment was the wine bible.  It literally looked like one.  Our server was excellent.  She gave us a tour of the place.  We got to see the Krug Room. I learned that it is an honor to have the Krug Room in your establishment because you have to be selected for this. We also got a tour of the kitchen where tables are set up for private parties who want a first hand look of at the food is prepared. I liked how the staff had good anticipation of your needs.  I had them write the different kinds of bread or meal paired with and without even asking, they also gave us a list of the cheese and desserts we sampled.  I am only giving it four stars however because I remember feeling "truffled up" at the end of the meal.  I like anything truffle but after being served dish after dish after dish with truffles and caviar, I wish I had had some palette cleanser in between.  Thus, the missing star in the rating is for the lack of foresight in coming up with the sequence of dishes on the menu.  Otherwise, I recommend this place for anyone who wants to feel like a millionaire! Winners on the menu for me were the Peas All Around, the Colors of Caviar, the Foie-Gras and Radish Bouillon, Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup.Come early if you want to do the menu prestige.  Three hours is not enough.  Check out my photos for more info.
5	Simply put, it was absolutely amazing.     So for my older brother's birthday, we decided to break the bank and come to this two michlin star award winning restaurant.  Upon request, we sat at the kitchen table, a dining area inside of the kitchen.  Immediately, we were greeted by a gracious man, who served us all of our food.  We were planning on ordering off of the menu, but the kitchen table already had a planned menu.  This menu consisted of a few amuse bouche's, an heirloom tomatoe salad and tartare with "basil lemon" granite', a lobster and avocado salad, steamed cod and licorice flavor, foie-gras and radish bouillon(amazing), artichoke and black truffle soup, with toasted mushroom brioche and black truffle butter(incredible), roasted duck, turnip flavor with light jus(wonderful), strawberry(dessert), and finally chocolate(dessert).  The bread cart had a very wide selection, and every single kind was delicious!  There was also a dessert cart, which had some of the best desserts I've had. Seriously, it was great.  And get this.  Since it was my older brother's birthday, the chef of the restaurant, gave my brother a tour, a signed hat, chef jacket, and he is getting a summer internship!  My brother is ecstatic!  Although this was back in August, I can still remember how good this restaurant was.  The total came out to about $1900, which is absolutely ridiculous. I suppose, however, it was worth it.   At least to me, maybe not to my father's bank account...  But all in all, this restaurant was outstanding, and anyone that can afford to come here, I strongly say you should!
5	I dined here for my birthday last year and it was a memorable experience. I can't wait to return...
5	[For the full review with pictures, see the link to my blog on my profile.]Restaurant Guy Savoy is Greece-bailout expensive, but it really is last-meal good!
3	We got the Prestige Prix Fix menu for the whole table.  It was just ok.  The food was pretty typical of these types of places.  They spend more time telling you about the food and how it's prepared than it takes you to eat the small bite of it.  The waitstaff make you feel like it's a big deal in how you actually eat the food--as in, you have to wait for their permission basically.Speaking of waitstaff, I've been to plenty of restaurants like this--Charlie Trotters, French Laundry--and the service at Guy Savoy was completely lacking.  Actually unprofessional if you factor in that you're spending over $500 per person.  They were not synchronized at all.  Some of them could barely master the English language.  They roll around the impressive bread cart, but then they don't offer you any bread.  WTF?So, while Guy Savoy may like to make out that it's one of the premier restaurants in the world, I beg to differ.  Plenty of other places in Vegas where the food and the service is MUCH better.
5	It was actually several years ago that we dined at Guy Savoy.  It was our first experience with TRULY up-scale dining.   The restaurant was modern, but a bit "sterile".  The staff were VERY attentive, but a bit intimidating.  We did the Prestige tasting menu and were exposed to food unlike anything we had ever had before.  While I can't remember anything specific about the meal (other than the fact that we could smell the cheese cart from the other end of the dining room!!!), we were left with a positive impression.  However, we swore that we would never do anything like that again (because of the expense).  But in retrospect, we realized that up-scale dining is all about the culinary adventure... not the value of the purchase.  As such, we are now working our way through all the fine-dining restaurants in Vegas.  I'd much rather give them my money than the casino!!!  Now that we have a greater appreciation (and palate) for fine food, we plan on a return visit at some point.
2	I couldn't wait to dine at Guy Savoy as I have been dying to go there for years.  Last weekend my boyfriend and I decided to go...after having a horrible dinner at Neros the night before...I was looking forward to an exceptional dining experience.  I'm reading all these wonderful reviews and am wondering....were these people on drugs while they were there?  I'm a huge Foodie and this place was over hyped and WAAAAAYYY overpriced.  I don't mind paying alot for a great meal and great service but this place is way under par.I've been to many outstanding fine dining restaurants around the world and have a good understanding and appreciation for the small portions and high prices.....but Guy Savoy takes this to a whole other level.  While I really enjoyed my Truffe Artichoke soup as my appetizer.....I definitely DID NOT like it $68 worth.  I mean seriously...$68 for a small bowl of soup???? It's insulting.  Also, I love anything with Truffles, but they really overdid it.  My boyfriend had the White Truffle tour menu and it was so overpowering you couldn't taste anything else. Not to mention he was sweating out truffle smell all night.Our serving staff was stuffy and rude to put it mildly.  They made us feel like we were priviledged to be sitting in "their" restaurant.  I'm sorry but if someone is spending close to $1000 for a meal you better waiting on my every whim and be nice to me while your at it.The ambiance in the restaurant is completely lacking!  While the restaurant itself looks beautiful and elegant...you can hear a pin drop in the dining room.  We felt like we were being punished in detention.  I don't want to whisper all night.  When I asked the waiter why they don't play any background music he said "we like to let our customers enjoy the food with no distractions"...what BS! I've been to dozens of fine dining restaurants and none were as dull as this one.  We are dessert fanatics but we couldn't wait to get out of Guy Savoy prison...we got our check even before we finished our meals.  And the waiter didn't even ask why we didn't finish or why we wanted to leave so soon.I give Guy Savoy two thumbs down!  There are so many other restaurants in Vegas with much better food, service, and overall experience.   This Foodie will not be back and I highly encourage anyone who is thinking about going here to try someplace else on the strip.
5	a thanksgiving meal to remember.  faves were colors of caviar, the artichoke and black truffle soup, and of course, the maine lobster with heirloom baby carrots, orange and star anise.  being a bread lover, i particularly appreciated the bread pairing.  menu presige was a little too much food for me, but everyone had to get the same menu at the table for obvious reasons.
3	Guy Savoy, located in Ceasrs Palace.  Four hour fixed dinner with wine pairing.  Food was excellent, and service was good as well.  The wines they paired with the meal were just OK.  When you pay these prices you would expect quality wines, but instead they served off vintage mediocre wines.  When we made the reso they allowed corkage, but they changed their corkage policy a few weeks before we arrived and wouldn't allow us to open a few special wines we muled to Vegas for this meal.  Restaurant was very empty with maybe only three to four table seated.  The caviar presentation, cheese art, and bread were all outstanding.  I have to consider the price a little when rating this.  Food+wine pairing+tip $500.  I guess I was expecting to be blown away.
4	Christmas Eve at Guy Savoy (pronounced Gee Savoir in case you care lol) with my fam. All of the diners around us were French, so my uncle, who was visiting from Luxembourg, felt right at home :DThe decor is... well, it's very subtle, minimalist, hush-hush - aka boring. No background music, high ceilings with a few pieces of art that I understand are Chef Savoy's private collection (?). Ok, I get that this is because the concentration should be on the food, etc. but I personally like a warmer atmosphere (more like Joel Robuchon. PS: Joel Robuchon was totally booked up a month in advance on that night)On to the food. The amuse was probably one of the most memorable parts of the meal - a fois gras club sandwich (a triangle of bread, a shmear of fois gras, another piece of bread and so on) on a pick. The fois gras was so creamy, buttery and delightful.I was super excited when they rolled the bread cart our way. A variety of fresh breads including olive oil, bacon, sunflower seed, rosemary and more served with salted and unsalted butter.For my entree I ordered the cold-steamed lobster - very cool presentation (see pic). The sweetness of the lobster with the bitterness of the grapefruit worked well.My husband ordered the black truffle soup - I understand the base of the soup is made with water, not cream, which was very interesting. It was still relatively creamy with a very subtle truffle taste. For my main course I got the beef tenderloin with bone marrow. Very visually appealing (see pic) and the beef was super tender and juicy. I ordered it medium, even though I know they like you to order it medium rare. I thought it was perfect medium - still a little red in the center. And then there was the dessert cart *sigh*. Truffles, an assortment of gelatos (including popcorn flavored), macarons, napoleons... I could go on and on, but I'll just attach a pic instead :) There was a budino-like dessert that was served in a jar and it was ridiculously delicious. That may have been one of the highlights of the evening.So all in all, the food was very well executed and the service was good, however the ambiance was not to my liking. It's once of those placed that I don't really have a desire to return to. For that reason I'll give it a 4 out of 5 stars.
5	Really friendly staff and sommelier who makes you feel very comfortable.  Accommodating to everyone's needs and dietary restrictions.  I love how they always confirm with the guests before taking the dishes away.  Prepare to spend up to 5 hours at dinner.  Food:  It's solid, French food with much attention to detail.  If you are looking for solid, tasty French food with only a slight twist, then check this place out.   If you are looking for creativity and amazing presentation, this isn't quite the place.   No fault of theirs, it's just not what they stand for.  All dishes were delicious but nothing "out of this world".  Areas of improvement:  not spilling the water when refilling the glasses, pay a bit more attention when putting the silverware on the table, providing a menu for the guests to take home.
5	Guy Savoy.......I feel like a celebrity. Upstairs at Caesars Palace, outstanding but simple decor and naturally the staff are fantastic, a visit to Guy Savoy is to be savoured. We had a large group and everyone was promptly served, wine was quickly refilled and as expected a 5 star experience was had by all. I had turbot to start which was white, flakey and delicious. Followed up with Beef Wellington , amazingly tender, light pastry with a spinach buffer. Topped with Foie Gras, I'm still dreaming about it. Too much? Sorry. Boy oh boy I like this place, if money was easy to print, and calories could just be deleted, I'd come here everyday.There are many fab restaurants in Vegas and we are lucky to live here, this has to be top 5?
5	Guy Savoy set the standard for fine dining.  Our dinner last night was remarkable.  The food was exquisite.  I had the lobster, fois gras, and the artichoke truffe soup. The presentation was beautiful.  The food was defiantly the star. The host was wonderful and the service was impecable. She insured our experience was remarkable.  She was very patient and treated us very wel.An evening at Guy Savoy is an experience to be savored.  I am afraid to come back only because the experience was so perfect.
5	wow this place is great! i sat at the bubbles and bites bar, and all the bites i ordered were excellent, from the oysters in iced gelee to the artichoke and truffle soup. they also gave us a great assortment of v yummy bread.  this is my new fave place in vegas!
5	Everything was perfect!  Food cooked to perfection.  Fine dinning at it's best.
5	Great meal at Guy Savoy - we went with the Menu Elegance with the wine pairings to get the whole experience.  I have to say the presentations said it all from the "surprise" sashimi under the amuse bouche to the cold steam with the lobster course to the bread display (I recommend the bacon-stuffed roll).The wine list literally required a table to support it - not only was it thick, but the contents were all first class with several rare first growth french wines.  Although I was tempted by several bottles, the wine pairing with the tasting menu is a good way to go.  The pours are full enough to get you through the whole course and the time between courses which is refreshing from some places where you only get a couple sips.  The decor was a perfect pairing to the food - elegant chic.  They have a great fireplace in the lounge area, perfect for a pre or post-dinner cocktail.  I am on a mission to find the chargers and bread plates that set the table, and I loved all the "rooms" they created with carved wood panel walls. All in all, a great dinner in a great space.  Bon appetite!
5	I don't know how this exquisite piece of art could have anything less than a 5 Yelp! star rating. I wouldn't be doing the restaurant justice trying to explain how beautiful the food was or how well the service was or how alive the sensation was being in the restaurant. Simply put: the dining experience of my lifetime,,,,, to-date :)
5	As a local I stop here every time I go to Caesars.   Black truffle and artichoke soup.  Guy is awesome!
5	Went there on Valentine's day, and got the 7 course meal with my boyfriend.  We were sat in front of the window, with the Effle Tower in front of us, as if we were in Paris!Everything was excellent; from speed of of service, perfect timing between courses, excellently well executed and presented food.  It was definitely an experience worth repeating.Another note worth mentioning: we had a fish course that was really fishy.  I ate mine because I can deal with it, but my boyfriend only could stomach half of his.  The waiter inquired, so he told him the fish was fishy, but there's no need to replace it.  Our next course was another fish course, and this time it was pure excellence.  In the middle of the course I realized that our menu only has one fish course, and they comp us another without us asking! It was a really pleasant surprise, and its service like this that will keep their patron coming back for more!
2	Visited Guy Savoy this weekend for what was to be a nice meal.  Was a let down.  The service was good and it they were having communication issue among themselves as they kept discussing with each other the status of other tables.  Wasn't that busy as when we were there only 5 other tables active.  We had the Prestage Tasting Menu.  The potion sizes were extremely small and the protein portions were way too small to be filling.  The duck portion was my favorite but only three small thin slices were all that was served.  There were several courses that would have been better if they had explained the sauces before they spread it over the dishes.  I am not overly fond of beets and it was layered too thick on the scallop dish.  None of the dishes were really poor but about 1/2 weren't that good.  From a presentation stage, they should update the china to be more colorful like you get at Joel R.  Have to omit, the experience I've had there far exceed the experience at GS for not that significant of more money.   I would be very unlikely to return here.
1	From a $500/plate restaurant, you expect certain things. The level of service was there. The food, however, was uninspired, dull and, at times, just plain bad. My date and I have been to several Michelin star restaurants. We are by no means "foodies" (I hate that term), but we have a fair amount of experience with fine dining.We had the 9 course tasting menu with wine pairings. When we went to Ria, the wine pairings opened my eyes to a whole other level of enjoyment. The wines themselves were tasty and when paired with the food - divine. I had no idea wine could do the things they did.Here, the wines on their own were mediocre, at best. I didn't see any connection to the food.I like caviar. The caviar dish tasted like emulsified puke with a slight hint of caviar flavor.I can't remember what the next fish dish was. It tasted wonderful. It smelled like a decaying corpse. I'm not sure what level of refinement I need to appreciate that.It's hard to screw up seared foie gras. Somehow, they did it. If you ignored the overpowering kumquat addition, the foie gras dish was good.Truffle and artichoke soup - their specialty. Excellent! This is the minimum of what all of the courses should be at this price point.Beef and carrots - their best dish. The flavors surprised me and worked beautifully together.The cheeses - incredible. It did what the wine pairings at Ria did. It made me want to go out and buy every cheese I can to taste and experience it. The flavors were SO intense.The coconut 6 ways dessert was boring and bland. It tasted like unsweetened, unflavored shaved ice.The last chocolate dessert was something you could buy at Starbucks. Plain and mediocre.There were some all-star courses, but as I said, at this caliber of restaurant and price point, every single course should be incredible. I've spent this much at a restaurant before and felt like it was well worth it. I walked away extremely angry and upset here. There are so many fantastic restaurants in Vegas for $100/plate or less. Stay away from here.
5	Guy Savoy represents fine dining perfection in every sense of the word.  To even attempt to describe the elegance of this meal would far exceed the Yelp word limit.  My wife and I had the "Prestige" tasting menu which interestingly, is no longer available.  Check out their website to see their updated tasting menu options.  Here's a few random thoughts about Guy Savoy:1.  The service is the best we've ever experienced in a restaurant.  Absolutely impeccable.  Serious but warm at the same time.  We especially loved how one of the waiters kept lapsing into French while talking with us.2.  The carts (champagne, bread, cheese, dessert) are ridiculous.  They pair a difference delicious bread with every course!  The cheese and dessert carts have about 25 choices on each and you can have as much as you want.  Of course I had to try the Epoisses which is one of the most pungent cheeses in the world.  Just by taking the lid off the box you get blasted with a huge acetone smell that knocks you back and burns your sinuses!3.  This place is very, very, very expensive (more than Alinea).  I'm glad we did it once, but I'm not sure I'd ever do it again.  You can roll comparable dinners in NYC for significantly less money.  Vegas is great, but it does break the bank.Overall, we had a lovely dinner at Guy Savoy.  Easily one of the best dining experiences in Vegas if you're in town. It's too expensive to specifically come to Vegas to eat here because you'll find better value in other cities.  However, if you hit it big in the casinos, this would be a great place to drop a little extra change.
5	OMG! It was the best dining experience Ive ever had! The food was unique! We were treated like kings.I loved every single piece in this place.P.S. its all about food.  usually I pay attention on the decor and its really important for me, but in this case- forget about the decor and music! It was worth it!Their bread cart was to die for!
5	This is as good as its gonna get for French cuisine!!!!! Foie Gras is a MUST!!!
5	A second visit, the day after my Vegas wedding. I had not really eaten much the week previous, and this meal broke my fast. What a way to do it...even as delicious as the small bites I managed of our wedding meal at Border Grill were. We were welcomed back with extra amuse bouches, desserts and warm handshakes. The food, as always, was stellar. And honestly, that meal holds such special memories for me, I cannot say anymore. It's just a place I feel like everyone should be lucky enough to visit in their lives at least once. If only we could have afforded the Krug room for our reception dinner...
4	I started off not really liking this place.  It was awkward as you got off the elevator at the Caesar's and saw this big iron door.  The door was closed.  We took a few steps forward and the French hostess opened the door.  The decor is very serene and mundane.  No frills and frou frou like Joel Robochon.  You sort of felt like you were dining in a friends living room, but nothing fancy.  Walls were painted in a brown/beige/grey hue and there was a weird white bear head in a plexi glass case that stared at me.  As compared to the ambiance of Joel Robochon - there is no glitz and glamour here.We were greeted by a French server - very tall.  Reminded me of a character from the Adams Family.  Very friendly and pleasant.  We selected the Signature Menu - $258 per person.  The evening started with 3 morrocan-looking glass jars on your table - one is a candle, one holds salt and the other held pepper.  Then they brought over 2 more glass jars - unsalted butter and salted butter.  They offer you 7 types of champagne to start with  - the Asian guy - I am guessing he was the sommelier was quite pretentious.  Not very friendly and did not make you feel comfortable.  Funny, Asians will do this to other Asians.  You would think that being from the same country, they would be happy to see you in their work environment, but the French server was much more pleasant and friends than the Asian sommelier.  We choose the $29 a glass Guy Savoy special champagne.  The fougasse bread was brought to the table - it was hard and not very good.  The the bread cart followed.  I was confused as to why they would serve the fougasse when they had much better breads on the bread cart.  The guy serving the bread went over all they had to offer - like 12 breads or so....  He told us he could course it out for us and serve us a bread with each course - don't do this, as he never served us bread with every course and we never go to try the ones we really wanted  - the bacon milk bread and the olive bread..... There was 2 amuse bouches served - first was a foie gras toast on a pick, then a waffle that you picked up with your fingers.  Both good, but not outstanding.  Low and behold, Chef Guy Savoy walks out into the dining room..... wow....  we asked if we could take a photo and he did.  That was the hi-light of the evening.  He asked how our food was.  What a pleasant man.  The next course was the lobster tartar - amazingly good.  They place dry ice in the bottom of the dish and pour a broth over it, so all the dish becomes an amazing spectacle.  The following courses were the caviar course, foie gras, truffle soup, filet, halibut, cheese course, pre-dessert course, dessert course - the most amazing earl grey sorbet to cleanse my pallet and the most beautiful orange granite....  The weakest dish was a coconut concotion of some ice, tapioca and some coconut.  Not very tasty and it was really bland.  I would leave this course out, Chef....  not very good.  At times the food did not come out in a timely manner and we sat a couple of times with dirty plates in front of us for more than 5 minutes, but you were okay with it, because there was a lot to watch around you.  The minardes cart was not as impressive as Robochon's, but there was ice cream and sorbets to select from.  I was so full by this time, I could barely eat another bite.  Overall, the service is friendly and they do make you feel comfortable.  There was a large party of 10 in the private dining area and Chef made a few appearances throughout the night.  I must say, a very nice touch.....  Would l go back again?  For $850 for 2 persons, I would have to say, I would  need to save this for a very special occassion.   Or if I did hit a jackpot, I would go back.....  This was $200 more than Joel Robochon and $400 more than Twist.....Would go back to these places first.   Although, I did get a picture with the legend himself...
1	This restaurant is not like the other...Guy Savoy in Paris is an experience!  Unfortunately Guy Savoy in Las Vegas is just a meal, and an expensive one to boot.The ungracious experience begins as you walk through the doors and are barked at by the host and hostess who do not have the courtesy to allow guests to fully enter the doors before immediately questioning you about reservations.  The gate guards may not let you through without them. The entry is inviting as is the bar and lounge where a lovely fireplace glows.  Unfortunately, the dining room is severe and leaves much to be desired. The environment is not only cold, but is also quite stark with the feel of a dingy New York loft apartment on a gloomy day.  The high ceilings give the room a cavernous, mine shaft effect and the restaurant has no music whatsoever.  The lack of ambiance and music leave nothing but the waiters and food as your stage for enjoyment.  Unfortunately, the stress of the service afflicts and burdens the staff which, in turn, creates a stressful meal for the patrons.  I have enjoyed two splendid meals at Guy Savoy in Paris and was truly excited to experience this restaurant, without having to take an international flight.  While the recipe's remain authentic, the experience is not one I never ever wish to repeat.  Our dinner for 2, all in including tip was over $800. This was without an expensive bottle of wine but with wine pairings, by the glass, poorly executed and selected by our "deer in headlights" sommelier.Dear Mr. Guy Savoy, I am heartily disappointed.  Perhaps it is time to take a greater hand in your US representation.  The meal, the experience, the dining room and ESPECIALLY the service were a complete miss - I should have NEVER gone here and should have gone right to the Mandarin Oriental Hotel to dine in Twist by Pierre Gagnaire.  My two reviews of the Paris Guy Savoy depict a truly wonderful experience that was totally worth every penny spent. This was not.
5	A) They should rename this restaurant to 'black truffle heaven'B) Bring your wallet, maybe your first born to trade, bring cash, bring your husband, bring any form of currency you may have available that they will take :) b/c it's pricey. Think the average per person is somewhere around the $250 markC) The bread cart, for lack of a better term, is to die for, probably 15-20 different kinds of breads on there. It's carb heavenD) Wine list, resembles The Bible or The Torah, it's huge [PS cheapest glass of red on there was $25]E) Share-between the bread and the dessert carts you will stuff yourself sillyF) They have a stool to put your purse on, was super cute, and made me happyG) Make a reservationH) Soup was amazing, poached eggs and truffles 'yes please!', miso black cod, um yeah you see where I'm going hereI) Plan to spend a good amount of time here. At least 2 hours, if you are in a rush this is not the place for you!!!J) It's really quiet in here and extremely intimate so make sure you like the person you are going withH) Tell me the French waiter doesn't sound like the clock from Beauty in the Beast? ok maybe that's just me
5	An award winning dining experience that will leave you sated and infinitely satisfied!As soon as we stepped inside the restaurant, we were immediately greeted by the restaurant manager who proceeded to lead us to our seats by the window. Located inside the newly erected Augustus tower of Caesar's Palace, the restaurant embraced a contemporary elegance that was refined yet simple and unfussy.  With warm tones from the rich wood panels, ceilings that soared high up, and large glass paneled windows with a peek a boo view of the Bellagio fountains, the ambiance was nothing less than magnificent!  The sommelier was helpful and knowledgeable as he started us with some bubbly and as soon as I saw a bottle of vintage Krug, I knew I was in for a treat!The server was equally friendly and suggested The Chef's Signature Tasting Menu, which showcased the restaurant's acclaimed dishes.  Frankly, It goes without saying I went with the chef's signature tasting menu.  When in Rome, right folks?Amuse BouchesFoie gras with black truffleCrisp toastettes pierced together with creamy smooth foie gras and irresistible black truffle was a decadent play of flavors and textures in the mouth. Parmesan waffleLight fragrant and perfectly crisp and a delightful start to a sumptuous meal.Cold zuchini soup with diced Radish & celery seed powder - very refreshing with a pleasant bite from the diced radishesFingerling potatoes with cream cheese and ham and topped with watercress. A charming little surprise that came with the cold zucchini soup.  This accompaniment rounded out our amuse plates wonderfully but something was telling me it probably wasn't the last surprise of the evening!First CourseHeirloom tomatoes wedges with watermelon and tomato gelee - refreshing and vibrant! the addition of the frozen tomato added just enough saltiness to the sweet heirloom tomatoes and the addition of the crisp basil was surprisingly delightful!Surprise #2 A tomato tartar topped with a pomegranate gelee and  basil drops was lightly flavorful and beautifully plated.2nd dishColors of caviar - elegant and perfectly composed with layers of complex flavors and rich textures that paired beautifully with the champagne and meant to be savored slowly3rd dishFish with ratatouille - Perfectly cooked, and the fish was imported from the southeast of France...Si Bon! Presented with its natural jus foam, the flesh was supple and soft to the touch with my fork. The ratatouille added the perfect amount of rustic flavor to this light yet incredibly flavorful fish4th dishFoie Gras - Considering its recent ban in California, I have found my new mecca for foie gras...Vegas baby! Served with a side of duck jus in a shot glass steeped in chopped fresh beets, green tea with crispy rice, the foie gras was absolute perfection. It was decadently rich and the orange zest cleansed the palate perfectly! Without a doubt, one of my favorite dishes of the evening!5thBlack Truffle Soup - served with a warm buttery brioche that tasted like a flaky pastry. We were encouraged to dip the brioche into the velvety smooth soup. Infused with an incredibly rich depth of flavor imparted from the black truffle shavings and Parmesan flakes, this well composed soup was absolutely sublime and left my taste buds dancing long after i finished it!6th dishFilet mignon tenderloin with bone marrow was simply exquisite. The filet was insanely tender and very flavorful. The bone marrow that topped the filet was buttery soft and paired nicely with the filet. The shoulder cut of beef wrapped in delicate ribbons of carrot exhibited a briny flavor that added an earthy element to the dish, as well.DessertsDessert Amuse Bouche - Apricot sorbet and with diced apricot. Tart, refreshing, and an excellent palate cleanserCoconut 6 ways - An splendid little dessert with an interesting mix of textures that made it a sheer joy to eat!Chocolate ganache with praline cream. Divine & a chocolate lover's dream come true!Everything ended with a citrusy sorbet with creme fraiche as a final palate cleanser...But our sweet journey didn't end there!  A large dessert cart was then rolled out for us to choose to our heart's content. We went with a variety of the server's tempting suggestions and then came the cheese cart! Seriously, the dinner lasted over 3 hours, but i hardly felt the time pass because i was enjoying myself so much!At the end of the meal, we were greeted by the chef and left with complementary muffins to enjoy the following morning.In short, the wait staff was kind courteous and very informative. Food was brought out at a very good pace and we never felt rushed or felt like we waited forever between dishes.I would highly recommend Guy Savoy for any special occasion. It will leave you with an unforgettable experience that you will cherish for years to come.Happy Eats!
2	This three star Michelin chef's restaurant cemented my opinion of Michelin ratings: that they're a good indicator of price, but not quality. This meal cost more than double the comparable meal at the best restaurant in the US, 11 Madison Park. Quality: variable. The first three courses (of 13) were solid 9s, but after that they all, categorically, devolved into less than 5 on a scale of 10. It's not really worth reporting them here, because they change frequently. But why would you ruin a piece of nice salmon by freezing it on dry ice? The wine paring was top notch, though. This would be a distant last of all the fine dining experiences during our week in Vegas. It pales in comparison to l'Atelier.
2	Guy Savoy, despite its accolades, did not do it for me. With the exception of the tomato salad dish over dry ice, nothing stuck out to me as impressive. The colors of caviar was just not something I enjoyed. The desserts are pretty damn good.It was an OK meal for the price of a car payment or two more round trip flights to Vegas.
5	We have been here a number of times. Love their tasting menu!! By far the best French restaurant in the US and beyond aside from the one in Paris.
4	Spoiled enough to get to come here for dinner with some of my gfs. This was one of the most amazing dining experiences I've ever been through. The restaurant was spacious and the staff was extremely attentive.Every dish served had amazing thought and creativity behind it.  Both surprising your taste buds and rewarding it at the same time. Can't say enough for the bread cart (I'm a bread lover :D ) and the cute dessert cart in the end.Got the tasting menu, and just when I think they are done with the dishes being brought out, I was informed I was only half way through.Truffle risotto was my handsdown favorite!!!The only downside is the length of dinner, we took about 5 hours for the 4 of us since there was just so much to eat!!
2	good service from the staff.  the food looked good, but some didn't taste so good.  the oysters were fishy.  the duck too undercooked.  the white truffle ricotta so so, the mosaic froie gras was so so, but the bill was toooo much.  the food does not warrant a return visit.
2	Had high expectations. Went with friends. As frustrating a dining experience as I've ever had. The room is beautiful, but seems unfinished. Had the signature menu. Every dish was perfectly prepared, beautifully plated--and with a couple of exceptions--bland, dull in flavor, muddled or otherwise disappointing. When you factor in the astronomical prices, it becomes even worse. Would not return. Much much much better high-end choices in Vegas.
5	We went there for my birthday this year.  It was awesome! I went with their pre-fixe menu.  I didn't feel like having the meat dish they had on the menu, so I asked them if they could change with their truffle dish. They were very accomadating.  It was truffle season and I really appreciated having their trouffle with lentils than the ordinary steak.  The presentation is awesome and everything tasted really good. oh! They also provided a complimentary birthday cake - a whole birthday cake. It was so big that we ended up taking the cake and petit fours home.  :)
5	Easily one of my favorite restaurants of all time.  The service is top notch, the food is amazing, and the overall experience is magically.  The price is absurd and the meal takes forever, but what do you expect at this level of dining?My fiance and I had the interesting experience of being the only patrons in the restaurant after the couple sharing a small room with a strip side view left.  Nevertheless, the wait staff did not make us feel rushed and took time to explain each dish.  We both ordered the Guy Savoy Signature tasting menu.  My fiance did not like the colors of caviar, so our server made a quick substitution for a dish that was lovely.  Without going into too much detail into every dish, the food was incredible.  Multiple times my fiance and I commented that we had never tasted such incredible dishes.  Unlike when we went to Andre's, we were not constantly comparing the restaurant to Melisse and L'Atelier.  If you want a truly memorable experience (and you can afford it), you should definitely check out Restaurant Guy Savoy.
5	From customer service to quality of the food... this restaurant takes the cake! When we went we were fortunate enough to be two of the only four in the restaurant.  First, the foie gras that they prepared on the tasting menu was not seared so it was not my favorite.  I expressed this and was given this amazing seared foie gras.  I would seriously make a trip to guy savoy just for that foie gras.  The entire meal was eloquent and delicious.  We ate every drop on our plates from the appetizers, to the main meal, to the cheese course and to the dessert.  It was so much food that we could not finish our dessert so the waiter gave us some to go. I honestly could rave about each dish that we had so instead I will just simply say that this is the best restaurant I have ever tasted in my life.  Melisse in Santa Monica, CA was my favorite with their ravishing lobster bolognese and pan seared sea bass, but this restaurant rose to first place in my heart and in my palette.  Does not matter what you order, guy savoy is the place to be.
4	I'd give this more of a 3.75 stars (this should totally be an option on yelp) than a true 4 stars, particularly taking into consideration the price. Did the 6 course tasting menu, and while everything was prepared well, I think the nature of French cuisine tends to be on the heavy / rich side, which is a little hard for asian palates to handle dish after dish. For the price and the michelin ratings, I would have preferred if they were more conservative with the overall flavors of the tasting menu - scaling back the savory and salty, and mixing it up a with some sour and bitter flavors to balance the palate better.  I could understand how this might be a classic case of how different people have different palates, but through the 6 courses I really couldn't remember any part of a dish (let alone a whole dish) that satisfied the sour or bitter tastes, maybe save for certain breads they offered.  The dessert cart they bring over at the end is pretty cool in its presentation and concept. The quality is not bad as well, but to be brutally honest, it really is just an extension of a dessert section you would find at one of Vegas' better buffets.I do like their bread selection though - must try the bacon one!
5	I love that bread kart?! I can eat all that bread everything is best
3	***There are some great things about Guy Savoy like the lobster with beets in cold steam, the great service, and the nice dining room, but like other Las Vegas restaurants, it is very overpriced***Guy Savoy definitely reminds me of Joel Robuchon.  They both feature formal fine dining French cuisine from esteemed chefs and very expensive tasting menus and a la carte items as well as lavish bread carts and dessert trolleys.  The restaurants are quite different though.  Savoy has a minimalist and modern decor.  It feels much more elegant, comfortable and less distracting than the over-the-top and all over the place elegant decor at Robuchon.  Savoy also features much more personable service that is still professional and polite.In terms of the food, it is hard for me to compare Savoy to Robuchon because I had a few a la carte items at Savoy while I had a tasting menu with many, many courses at Robuchon.  In terms of bread, Robuchon is better.  Both feature a wide variety of bread, but I felt Robuchon's bread had better textures as well as much more distinct flavors (Robuchon's bread was warmer and felt fresher too).Robuchon's dessert trolley is significantly better than the one at Savoy.  Robuchon's lavish dessert trolley is an extravagant and over-the-top movable feast of sweets while Savoy is more of a small selection sweets on a nice tableside cart.  Variety is not the only reason why Robuchon is better.  The sweet treats at Robuchon have much better (and more interesting) flavors.In terms of the food, I had really good things at Robuchon and Savoy but nothing as good as what I have had at Bay Area fine dining spots like The French Laundry, Cyrus or Manresa.There were bright spots.  I really liked the lobster and jumbo lump crab with beets and cold steam from seaweed water.  There were great beet cups filled with creamy beet mousse and soft, fresh and moist crab.  There was also lobster carpaccio that was topped with minced golden beets; the beets had a great sweet flavor that was reminiscent of fruit.  There was also warm and nicely cooked lobster meat--fresh, moist and soft.There was even puff pastry topped with beet ribbons.  The finishing touch was great seaweed aroma from the cold steam that enveloped the food (cool effect and great fragrance).I also liked the mushroom brioche topped with black truffle butter.  The brioche was warm, buttery, crispy, and flaky (and the black truffle flavor was very prominent).  The accompanying black truffle and artichoke soup was just okay.The amuse of foie gras with brioche was good--rich, creamy and a great foie gras flavor.  The pumpkin soup amuse was good though surprisingly thin.Other courses were not as good.  The crab tart was just soggy and boring and I probably should have ordered the veal three ways as my entree.  They present the veal chop before they slice it and it was very nicely cooked--a great golden brown sear.My entree was a variety of game birds cooked in a pot.  The cooking in the pot yielded tender and moist meat, but there were no contrasts in textures so the meats were a little uninteresting.  I thought the pheasant was good.  I thought the squab was good too, but I prefer it when they achieve a crispy skin on squab.I was not a fan of the Mallard duck.  Like the squab, there was no crispy skin.  The flavor of the duck was very strong--interesting but not my favorite flavor.  The texture was off-putting.  The texture of the duck meat was squishy and a tad rubbery; it ended up being similar to the unique texture of squab.The garnishes were good though a tad rustic for such a fine dining spot.  There was some good sweet and sour cabbage and wild mushrooms.  There was also a nicely cooked, buttery and smooth foie gras.While the savory courses were a mix of good and average, I was not a fan of Savoy's desserts.  I ordered the coconut six ways and while I really liked the light and crispy coconut flakes and tapioca, I did not like the rest of the dish.  It was like various bland ingredients in water.The mignardises from the trolley were okay; the pate de fruit was kind of hard and overly sugared.  The dark chocolate ice cream was rich and good though and I liked the flavor of the earl grey sorbet with English cream and black pepper. As mentioned, service was good; prices were too high, but that is often the case with high-end Vegas restaurants.I did not love Robuchon, but I preferred it to Savoy.  There were some nice things about Savoy, but the food is just too expensive for just so many okay dishes.  I think your money would be much better spent on a dinner at an upscale Bay Area spot like Manresa.  If you do want a nice dinner in Vegas, I recommend the much more price friendly Picasso or L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon (seasonal tasting menu).Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Caesars Palace offers both free valet and self parking.
5	One of the most amazing meals of my life... seriously.We went here for my boyfriend's birthday right before CES. I was sick with the flu but rallied for his special day. Despite feeling lousy, this was an amazing experience. As soon as you walk in, it feels like you've left Vegas and entered a swanky oasis with perfectly suited french waiters, beautiful materials and impeccable service. We opted for the white truffle tasting menu and I have no regrets - yes it's insanely expensive but for special occasions worth every penny.The highlight of the evening as others have mentioned is that dessert cart - everything you should ever want is included. Hand-made gelato (check), freshly baked cookies and madeleines (check), housemade chocolate truffles (check) and the list goes on...We've been to both Joel Robuchon and Guy Savoy now and the two are the best restaurants in Vegas - each offering it's own unique experience. For the reviewer who is comparing them w/out having tried their tasting menu - it's apples to oranges. I can't wait to go back...
5	Perfect. From the time you walk in, until the time you leave, everything about this restaurant is perfect.We did the signature menu tasting, and it was one great course after another, paired with perfect wines. The staff was attentive, pleasant and knowledgeable. This is a very expensive restaurant, but it is worth every penny!
5	Restaurant Guy Savoy serves French Cuisine & has 2 Michelin Stars. My love & I like French food, so we had to give it a try! "Restaurant Guy Savoy has been listed as one of the country's hottest restaurants by Bon Appetit, given a 3  1/2 (out of 4) star rating by Los Angeles Times food critic S. Irene Virbilla, called "the best restaurant in Las Vegas and one of the finest anywhere" by Newsweek and was a finalist for the James Beard Foundation's Best New Restaurant award." The ambience at Restaurant Guy Savoy was very intimate and romantic. The service was great, the staff was so pleasant, and the overall experience was very much enjoyable. We left all smiles and very satisfied, we even got a private tour of the Kitchen, and met with Guy Savoy's son. Splendid, Beautifully arranged Bread Carts for you to choose your freshly baked breads from.  Choice of unsalted or salted butter provided for you at the table. Amuse Bouche IFoie Gras  & Black Truffle Brioche Amuse II Parmesan Crusted WaffleAmuse III Soup w. a "surprise" underneath/ on the flip side. Special intricate attention was paid to everything they sent out. I thought the table set glasswares etc. were absolutely adorable! I'd like a set for myself! The colors were so subtle and elegant, and I loved the colored reflections off the glass. Pumpkin Soup Winter Flavor was delightful Steam Cod & Licorice Flavor- I must add that I am typically not fond of licorice, but found this dish quite nice. My love ordered a beautifully presented veal shank w. seasonal vegetables & potato puree that the server brought out to showcase to us prior to serving it. Dessert was Coconut served Six Ways --- so very pleasant & left me wanting more.  Posh Dessert/ Pastry Trolleys for us to choose from at the end of our meal served w. Coffee or Tea was very nice & tasteful! Overall, we had a great experience here, and plan to come here again. *On a side note, we receive Christmas/Happy New Year Cards from Restaurant Guy Savoy every year!This review is for my dining experience in January 2011
5	Now this is what I had expected of Restaurant Guy Savoy!  Loved the incredible Innovation-Inspiration dinner!  How could I not since my favorites were on the menu:  foie gras, lobster, duck, wagyu, sea urchin.  Everything was incredible during the 3 hour dinner.  Service was very attentive through out the meal.  Loved the interactive aspect of the Chef preparing the salmon tableside.  Had  tour of the kitchen too.  Definitely will return to Restaurant Guy Savoy!
5	Expensive, excessive, and excellent. The food is top-notch. I am totally in love with the pea dish and red mullet. The wine pairing is flawless. The service is fist-class all the way: no bread crumbs on the table. I wish I had more time to enjoy the end of my meal because I was in a hurry to go to a show. I will be back for more.
5	1st time so I had the Signature Menu.  Caviar, French Red Mullet, Artichoke Black Truffle soup, Beef tenderloin, amazing cheeses, breads, desserts, etc...  Service of course top notch, atmosphere elegant.  This was my dates 1st Michelin star experience and it has ruined her.  Can't take her anywhere without "it good but Guy Suvoy's..,"
5	Signature tastting menu. Heaven.Possibly the best meal and best service I've ever experienced.  I just went with it and ate things I don't normally eat - caviar, foie gras, etc.  Each course amazed.  The cheese course was the stuff my cheesy dreams are made of.The dessert cart - just when you can't eat one more bite - you do.  And your glad.At over $300 per person (that was with one cocktail each), it was pricey but oh-so-worth it.  I want to go back.
2	Ridiculously OVERPRICED!  We've dined at Daniels NYC, Gary Danko, French Laundry and more.  Guy Savoy provides fine food, fine atmosphere and great/friendly service but their prices are so exorbitant it is hard to enjoy the experience.  It would practically be cheaper to fly from California to NYC and enjoy a perfect meal at Daniel. And considering we were there at 9pm on a busy Las Vegas Thursday night and the place was practically empty, it seems that others are catching on.  We won't be back.
5	Sooo what do you do when you hit a Royal Flush at video poker? You blow it on a fantastic meal!We probably would have eventually made it here anyway since we love experiencing French cuisine. The spontaneity of the moment made for a really lovely evening though.The restaurant was quite empty...and quiet. Maybe it just seems like that since the tables are set far apart for ambiance.  I even got a little chair for my clutch.We ordered the signature menu and each dish was an experience. Never will I forget the blue soup. NATURALLY colored. It really takes imagination and skill to create that.It was nice to have some foie gras, since it's been banned in California. All of the delicacies showed up in unexpected ways that made for a truly unique meal. My advice... if you come, order the signature menu and keep your tastebuds open to new experiences. Also, get wine pairings!
5	Had the most amazing dining experience at Guy Savoy on a recent trip to Las Vegas. Not only is the food incredible, but the staff is attentive and they go out of there way to accommodate their guests. Don't feel like you have to order one of the tasting menus. You can get away with a selection of a la cart dishes, and be just fine. Some helpful hints if you're going to be splurging on a meal like this, that is of course assuming you're not accustomed to spending $400 per person on dinner). Oh, and if you want to see photos of everything we ate, so you know what you expect, you can see everything on my food website here: http://eatsporkjew.com/restaurants/guy-savoy-the-lost-art-of-storytelling/1.) don't plan on ordering dessert, and make sure you save room for it. As a "thank you" for dining at Guy Savoy, they roll out an entire dessert cart which has everything from cakes, to puddings, to mousses, to cookies, to ice cream, to candies, etc. And it's all complimentary and you can have as much as you'd like. 2.) Try to make a reservation on the earlier side of the evening. The reason for this is that you want to have access to all of their delicious fresh baked breads. They have a bread cart with a lot of different bread types, and apparently, their bacon bread is the most amazing carb-tastic bite you'll ever have. But they only make about 36 rolls a day, and they're not used to say "no" to their guests. By the time we got the bread cart for a 7:45pm reservation, all the bacon bread was gone. I wasn't too upset about this, but it's just something to think about. Believe me, you'll get plenty of delicious food to eat. 3.) If you're lucky, and I think you just need to ask, you can visit the kitchen and see the private dining table in the back. It was cool to do this. 4.) if you're a dinner party of two, order a la cart, and ask them to split each dish for serving. And this is a testament to how amazing the service is at a restaurant like this, but when they split the dishes, they actually serve you a little more of each one. A lesser restaurant would literally just split a single dish, and both people would miss out on the effect of a full plate with the fantastic presentation. Not at Guy Savoy!
2	I don't know if it was an off night, but the food was very disappointing. Especially considering the price of the food!  The appetizers were good and service exceptional. The main course, foie gras, was under cooked and all of the presentation beforehand was elegant for show, but the food still has to taste good. In my opinion, this is a very, very over priced French restaurant that is trying to add modern gastronomic flare...fail. I would rather go to Alinea for the real thing.   I had a much better culinary experience at a much cheaper restaurant called TAO. For people who are in the culinary field or eat high quality food frequently, go somewhere else and save your money...lots of money!!!!
4	Expensive but well worth the expense.Our meal started with a fantastic amuse and then went right into our first course. We ordered the Mosaic of Milk Fed Poularde, Foie Gras and Artichoke w/ Black Truffle Jus, This soup was one of the best soups i've ever had. Picture attached. Oysters three ways was excellent presentation but lacked the punch we expected. The Foie Gras with bitter infusion was amazing. Fantastic flavors and perfect technique.For our entrees, we had the Veal, the Duck and one of the best meat parties in existence. This dish is no longer offered and i can't remember the name, but it was a trio of game birds and while it was being prepared in a "stone dish" it was cemented shut with bread. When you see this, you know the flavors are being infused into each succulent piece of meat. This was one of the best dishes i've had in a while. Our desserts consisted of the trio of coconut which was in a delicate glass with three preparations of coconut, the decadent dessert cart (one of the best i've ever seen) and the "raspberry" which is served in a type of shot glass with raspberry creme, coulis and raspberry pearls.Overall, service was spot on. The food was worth the price. The wine list comes out in a library like novel that would be considered a Tome of Libations. If there is one meal on a bucket list, make this restaurant a must if you don't mind the dent into the wallet.Visited December 2012
4	Signature tasting menu with wine pairings was quite good and the wait staff were a lot of fun, despite the almost church-like atmosphere.  Only the desserts could have been a little better. An excellent fine dining experience in Las Vegas.
5	Being at Guy Savoy is a truly profound and elevated Journey! Not only the food and presentation out of this world in the creative and balance of flavor, bringing all your senses in focus, but the service is absolutely remarkable. The waiter, sommelier and service staff really provides the care and professionalism, enhancing the dinning experience. In addition to what we have ordered, there's the Amuse Bouche, and littles surprises that keeps on coming. The bread, next the cheese, after the dessert giant rolling cart ( Yes they roll those out and give you a full presentation on the selections!) is the "Wow" factor during the meal. We felt like King and Queen in this place! Culinary excellence is presented here,so be ready to spend beaucoup $$$... Dress-up and come in for the best meal of your life!
5	***First half of review is somewhere above or below this***10. Foie Gras:This time around we were each served two small cubes of foie in the most amazing duck based broth with a small pile of crispy quinoa that magically stayed crisp for many minutes. The foie itself was cooked and seasoned perfectly, but combined with the duck broth and crunch of the quinoa, it was pure bliss.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#C-57ZJD0nizUqT6KX2rW7w11. Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup:Easily the best dairy free creamy soup I've ever had. Supersaturated with artichoke and truffle flavor, each bite was an explosion of "damn that's tasty."http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#nxPYm6xHNI4VHDeOENerHA12. Pan Seared Quails:Not that anything even approach "bad," but something had to be lower on our list of things we ate. The quail itself was very good; moist, tender, and well-seasoned. The two bites of gnocchi that came along for the ride were the best I've ever had. I could have eaten a full bowl of those with a ragu and been very happy.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#7Pr_qRWQFYVv3XAoI7LmXg13. Japanese Wagyu:We didn't bother to ask what grade or prefecture it came from, but it was fatty and delicious. Again like the quail though, it wasn't our favorite of the night. Neither of us really cared for the piece that came crusted in a tarragon spice blend.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#-DEMLg2PSmHqFcBs0tiP6A14. Cheese:While I would have loved to indulged in the amazing looking cheese cart, our meal had something lighter planned for us; a small bowl of the most amazing cheese like mousse with summer truffles. Simply sublime.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#jJUVhGJx-Q_KwSCdp3RKSg15. Parris-Brest:This version was not shaped like a bike wheel but rather a Hershey Kiss with some crunchy things around it. The center was a praline flavored nub that had such an impeccable texture and when added to all the crunch around it, was a perfect way to transition us into the world of sweets. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#pJKZ7tmsXUio2twlQET6Hw16. Raspberry:The menu could have been more descript on this one, but raspberry was the theme for sure. Everything in this dish was almost devoid of sugar and was acutely tart. But this intentional lack of sweet worked absolutely perfectly with the super sweet dessert wine that came with this course. Simply brilliant. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#0I7_VnPra4NSsCkdOMrO-A17. Chocolate:Served on a block of ice, this stunning scoop of chocolate gelato was just as good if not better than anything you'd find in Italy. The chocolate crisp was also delicious, too bad the coco nibs under it all were inedible. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#P5XpkRtbQMeNV5GdwDgR-Q18. Petit Four Cart:When's the last time you had a petit four cart? It was our first time too and it was almost too much to bare. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#Enm6AUNUXnYDMh-vRmobUwWhen I jokingly asked for a bite of everything, they started assembling our plate with just that! We did scale back on a few things but did in fact try close to everything on that magical ride.  Needless to say we were a bit full (even after being there for 3.5 hours) but we did our best to at least lick everything they served us.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#fQmUdv3T38O9ADf6FHBEJQ19. Post Petit Four:After a tour of the kitchen and a nice chat with the chef, we were shocked to have another dessert served to us. This time it was just a tiny scoop of a very nice and light sorbet. Perfect way to end it all.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/guy-savoy-las-vegas-2#Hs3a1udABQ-77rrj-T4VlwDuring the meal service was spot on; attentive, not over-baring, stealthy, at times funny, everything you'd want from a fine dining spot. The wine pairings were also top notch. Every single course's pairing was well thought out and heightened both the wine and the food. The sommelier could have lightened up a bit, but his choices were again excellent. Compared to another French spot in Vegas that has 3 stars and a higher price tag, there is no comparison. Guy Savoy is on a whole other level and is now tied with Urasawa as our best meals ever. Sure dining here cost more than rent was for most my life, but for a food lover it's absolutely worth it.
5	We went their during the Thanksgiving weekend last year. The service and the food were phenomenal!!! My boyfriend and I opted for ordering a la carte. The pumpkin soup was the best!!! The risotto was also delicious. Don't forget to save some room for dessert. I ordered almost everything on the cart.
5	I think the service is better than Joel Robuchon though the former is slightly better in food.  But at this point, it really is hard to nit pick.
4	My fiance and I dined here after the Celine show on 8/21/2013 and had a lovely evening.We both ordered the Innovation-Inspiration menu with wine pairings.  We enjoyed the majority of the courses with the notable exception of Savoy's famous artichoke & black truffle soup, which didn't suit my or my bride-to-be's pallet. Service was impeccable and we really did have a blast. Too much in fact!  I was completely and utterly bombed by the end of the evening.  So my advice to those that want to enjoy the full tasting menu with wine pairings is to get the earliest reservation possible and ask them to go SLOWLY.  We were there at 9:30 and were the last ones to leave at 12:30; and while 3 hours would be more than adequate for most fine dinners.. 13+ courses with a glass of wine for each course is downright insanity in 3 hours... We actually asked them to take a break for a bit in the middle :)- Our dinner certainly wasn't cheap, with tax & tip I spent a bit over $1400 on dinner for two..  If you can splurge at least once, I would highly recommend you try Guy Savoy!
3	This was by far the longest (4 hours), most expensive meal of my life, and we didn't even order a bottle of wine. (3 glasses of champagne and one glass of red with the "main course"). The cheapest thing on the menu is the cheese plate ($35). After that, you will quickly surmise that you should get the $258 per person basic tasting menu, since just two or three items a la carte will add up to this sum. After the entire meal, and spending so much, you don't want to be left with the impression that the meal was "pretty good", but that's all I got. It was pretty good. Service was impeccable, bread cart not as good as Joel Robuchon but definitely one of the better ones, soup ok, the signature dishes very good. The chocolate dessert was fantastic. An event meal that was not worth the money. Try Alize or Joel Robuchon instead. Sorry Guy. It was just "pretty good."
5	Food taken to it's pinnacle of perfection in every way.  From ambiance to service to food preparation to presentation to taste.  This IS one of THOSE restaurants that you only see on TV.  It's not for everyone...especially if you don't enjoy the experience of eating a fine meal.  And I mean enjoy ALL the aspects...right down to the silverware and dishes.  This is the type of establishment that if your silverware has a fingerprint on it...you MENTION it.You'll pay dearly through the nose to eat here but for a very special occasion, it's worth it!!!  That's why it is Michelin rated...
4	We went to Guy Savoy knowing it was expensive but it was even pricier than we had previously thought. Tasting menu started at $260 per person without alcohol and since we weren't hungry, we went with entrees. Two of us got the sea bass which may have been the best sea bass we've ever had. One got the duck breast and the other got the beef tenderloin. Everyone loved their meal and the service was superb. Overall, loved it but couldn't afford the tasting menu!
4	I really enjoyed the Signature Tasting Menu, but not all of the courses resonate with me.  I gave Guy Savoy 4 stars, but it's more like 4.5 for the food  4.5 for the service and a 3 for the decor.  If you sit in the back row, you're just staring at wooden slats.  Some dished need to be refined to have more impact.  I don't have 1 bad thing to say about the food at Guy Savoy.  The meal was filled with wonder and amazement!  The Artichoke Soup was so intense and flavorful it is my new favorite soup.  The coconut dessert has an amazing combination of temperatures and textures.  It's amazing that all of those combinations can be put into one cup and all of it is made from coconut!Definitely a solid 2 Michelin Star restaurant and if the inspectors come back to Vegas, I wouldn't be surprised if Guy Savoy got 3 stars.
5	Two words....truffle heaven!!!This was the epitome of fine dining - all the details were perfection - The service, the food, the atmosphere, was the best we'd every experienced at a fine dining establishment.  Vegetarians, don't fear, you'll be very well taken care of here.The value more than exceeds the cost - if you're ready to be spoiled, book a reservation here!  If you love truffles, get here in the next 60 days.Well done Guy Savoy and all of the staff - you all have created something amazing here!Stand-outs of the night:Black Truffle and Mache Winter Salad - I would like to bottle up the beet/truffle filling - the flavor and texture was out of this world!Artichoke and Black Truffle Soup - the little toasted brioche with truffle butter - dipped in the most flavorful soup I've ever tasted - yowza! Black Truffle Risotto - for myself, I like my risotto a bit more mushy/creamy, my husband reminded me it should be perfectly al dente and al dente it was- amazing flavor!
4	The tasting menu took about 3 hours to get through that we ordered.  Staff was amazing, they took me back in the kitchen to show me around.  But I am not a huge French cuisine fan, and the food was overly bland.  The bread cart was not that great.  The theatrics of the restaurant was wonderful with their showmanship, use of dry ice etc.  The flavors of the food could be a little better when you are paying 400 per person.
4	Food is great of course.  Need some music.  Sounds like a cafeteria.  I can hear silverware clattering, people talking or things I don't need to hear while eating my elegant food.  A little lounge music like Claude Challe or Cyril de Pompougnac would complete the experience.  4 star for just the reataurant experience 5 star because of the company I'm with :)
5	This is art.  The best and most expensive meal I've ever had.  I would go as often as my wallet would allow.  Incredible.
5	This place is heaven in your mouth. Hub and I celebrated the "hell yeah I am baby free and in Vegas for the weekend" occasion. We both ordered the delicious Innovative Menu with wine pairing. Everything from food to service was outstanding. Eat here! You'll be broke, but you will leave happy and satisfied :).
5	Took the Innovation Tasting Menu! Great service from the front and back.  If you love fine dining experience this is one place to go if you are in vegas pricey but why not you are in vegas!  better than their 2star of michelin more like 3 to me at least bread cart to up to 3 amuse bouche and table side service of champagne and one of the itwm on the menu I would go for tasting menu rather than a la carte!  At the end you get treat of petit four cart and sweet to go
5	This is one of the world's great restaurants. Yes it's expensive. If you have to choose between Guy Savoy and your rent, please pay your rent.  Also, don't let this be your first fine dining experience.  You'll never be able to calibrate dinner out again.  It would be much like flying premier or first class on your inaugural international flight. It becomes the standard you expect from all restaurants. We enjoyed the Innovation Tasting Menu and wine parings. Course after course of exquisite food. There were some things not to my liking such as the smoked quail. Using mesquite it's quite easy to over smoke the food even for the most skilled chef.  My palate was dented even though the course was paired with a stand out Cote Rotie.  However, the pan roasted quail was wonderful.You can view the Innovation Menu online.  Each course was meticulously prepared.  The food was outstanding.  I experienced flavor combinations that I could have never imagined.  Artichoke and black truffle.  Foie Gras and Quinoa with Bellota Ham infusion.  Sea Urchin and poached potato with lime and chili. Caviar with frozen pea mousse.  A5 Wagyu with some sort of savory sponge cake. Lobster with smoked butter sabayon.  The bread cart. Seaweed loaf. The simple baguette. Two butters were on the table along with flur de sel and cracked pepper. The cheese course was a treat. We were provided an accommodation of a little touch of Epoisses along with our ricotta herb menu item. I simply mentioned it and poof it happened. Desserts were fabulous. You can read about them elsewhere.  There is no other grade to give this restaurant other than a five.  It is fine dining. Service was attentive and professional. Not the typical French brigade. It was both formal and appropriately causal, pointedly professional but elegant and human. Staff was there to help and assist you enjoy the meal. Sommelier was knowledgeable and helpful.  Service was genuine not faux. If you are a foodie, prepare to become giddy.  Be sure your rent is paid in advance.
4	Had the tasting menu here and enjoyed the presentation and taste of all the dishes. I found the cheese and dessert carts phenomenal! It was what I loved most about this restaurant as they had such a vast variety to choose from. However, I'm not sure if the masses can justify that it was "worth the money." Though I still constantly dream of the cheese cart and its superb selection of sweet accompaniments to enjoy with it.
4	14 course tasting. beware the bread guy!! we got so full from the stupid bread. service is impeccable. everything is perfectly prepared. they don't serve the pig bladder anymore. exec chef comes out to prepare a seared salmon dish on dry ice, and he was so pleasant explaining everything to us. despite this being an uppity restaurant, everyone was so friendly. tips: maybe just stick to the smaller tasting menu and avoid the bread. there's even a champagne guy for recs to start off your meal! there is this pea dish with caviar: excellent combination of all flavors and senses: salty briny from the caviar, cold creamy and sweet from the peas, crispy from the toasts, chewy from the sponge cakes. there is an amazing cheese cart that i'd love to run away with.
5	Very upscale place with very few tables.  The service is great and the food is really good.  However I'd probably not go back to it.  The atmosphere is a little to quiet for my liking.  They are super high ceiling with no music.  It's almost as if you can hear a pin drop.  If you like that kind of place,  this is for you but I tend to enjoy a place with some music.
5	This restaurant definitely lives up to its reputation, great meal and service.
5	I've dined here twice: first time for the signature set menu and the second time for the innovative set menu. I simply don't understand why Guy Savoy *only* has 2 Michelin stars.... Here's why:The food: Everything was delicious. There were some signature dishes that was so hearty and at the same time extravagant, such as the truffle artichoke soup and foie gras in daikon broth. There were also very innovative dishes that were still tasty and satisfying. For instance, there was a salmon sashimi seared on a block of dry ice, which completely changed the texture and consistency of the salmon. Amazing! I know some restaurants try to make "innovative" courses but end up being too "interesting" but not actually enjoyable. Guy Savoy is not that. There's a perfect balance between traditional and innovative - both delicious and memorable! The cheese cart was perfect! The bread and dessert carts were only OK.Service: Fabrice and Adrian are probably the best waiters I've ever had. They are attentive and kind. Both also have a great sense of humor, which lightened up the whole atmosphere of the restaurant!Wine: According to my boyfriend, they did a fabulous job with the wine pairings of both set menus. Fabrice kindly described many wines and the reasonings behind each pairing - we really appreciated that. I wish the asian male who poured most of the wine (I assume he's the sommelier?) showed more enthusiasm though... He just recited the name and year of the wine for each course.All in all, I think Guy Savoy tops Joel Robuchon in all aspects (food, service, wine) EXCEPT for the dessert and bread carts.
5	I've travelled the world for fine dining and this is one of THE best restaurant my husband and I have ever been to. It is worth every single penny for the experience. Beautiful location, exceptional service and the food is second to none. Absolutely amazing place!!!
5	My boyfriend took me here for Valentine's Day earlier this year and all I have to say is WOW. The service was wonderful and the food was unbelievable. I recommend the sampler menu to have a little taste of everything. Save room for the cheese cart and desserts! This is a great place for a special occasion.
5	Seriously, if you went there and gave it less than 5 stars, I'm trying to not judge you.I'm no food expert, so apologies for the lack of a fancy worded review.The place is comfy and classy. The staff is friendly and professional, without the over the top pretentiousness you may find in other restaurants in the category.The food -- amazing.It's truly an entertainment experience that is on the top of my list when it comes to Vegas (i.e. Cirque du Soleil, parties, shows, etc).I went there many times, and it never fails to amuse.- If you grab a tasting menu, resist the temptation of over indulging on the bread cart.- If you're ordering a la carte, get The Soup.
5	Truly superior food and service in a blessedly quiet corner of the Vegas chaos.   Menu pricing not for the faint of heart, but I left feeling that I'd had a great experience, not that I'd overpaid.
3	I am giving it 3 stars because I have to include both ambiance and style.  The menu was small, offering little variety.   The truffle and artichoke soup was delicious (not worth $85).  The Beef tenderloin again was also delicious but the bone marrow on top did nothing to the meat except give it a mucus flavor and texture.  The braised beef in the plate again was flavorful but the Dijon they placed on top of it was overpowering and killed the flavor.  For the portion size I don't think the dish was worth $80.   Wine selection was great.  My friend at the table got the veal tasting for $100.  He said the only part worth it was the cheek meat.  The veal chop was dry, unseasoned and had a ham consistency and the sweet bread was just fair.   Lastly the ambiance of the place couldn't have been more dull.  While it was clean and modern it was also boring.  Not something I would expect from such a big and "classic" French restaurant.   Also the fact that there was no music as background noise made the restaurant uncomfortable as all conversations could be heard.  Was i looking to hear DJ Tiesto in the background? No.  But some classical music would have been nice to soften the harshness and ackward was that the restaurant made you feel.   I have been to restaurants all over the world and I live in NYC.  This was an average French restaurant trying to be Daniel Boulud or La Gran Fefour in Paris.  Save your $850 (4 main courses two appetizers and two $65 bottles of wine). And go someplace else.  This is one place I would never waste my money at again and wouldn't even say to try once for the experience. Unless feeling uncomfortable is what you are going for.
5	We visited this past Sunday. One of a kind experience. This was the best food experience we have experienced so far. We ordered a tasting menu. Highly recommend trying this restaurant. Staff was very knowledgable. Very large wine selection and staff knowledge of wine was great. Advice: Don't fill up on the bread.
5	I'm the type of person that writes a review only if I feel it's truly worth it & Guy Savoy is definitely worth my time to comment on.  If you desire an awe-inspiring dinner experience, this restaurant is for you.  From the welcoming & knowledgeable staff, to the presentation of each dish & their subtle, yet varied flavors, Guy Savoy was truly the pinnacle of my recent Vegas stay.  When visiting Vegas (& depending on the length of time), I feel a person should try to experience at least one of everything--one show, one club, one classy restaurant.....Well, without any doubt in my mind, Guy Savoy is that one restaurant that shouldn't be overlooked.  Your palate won't regret it, as it will be taken to new heights of delectable ecstasy.
5	In reviewing Guy Savoy one has to compare them to a 3 Michelin Star restaurant. The restaurant I compare it to is Le Bernardin in New York City.It is very very close. We had a private dining room with the classic tasting menu along with the wine paring.  One would expect perfection and they were in the perfection circle of restaurants. The dinner was over whelming in amount of food but everything was fantastic. The 3 dessert courses put us over the top. I liked most of the wine parings but did not love them. But my taste might not be typical. The beef course was indescribable as well as the foie gras. The wine parings for those were perfect.  The different breads really enhanced the meal so let the bread sommelier bring the appropriate bread for each coast. And let the Captain choose your cheeses for you. You will be rewarded. It was a classic French Restaurant without the arrogance and affectation. Now you are asking, why Michelin 2 stars?Probably because it is not in NYC and in Las Vegas.In comparing it to Le Berardin, the atmosphere and service were great but not as smooth and relaxed as LB. We were treated as regulars at LB on our first time, not so much as Guy Savoy. It deserves 5 stars. I will go there again in a heartbeat, it deserves it's 3rd star. You all should try to experience Guy Savoy
5	I would call this a light 5 star review.  If 4.5 was available I would rate it as such.  First of all, the food is truly incredible and refined and deserving of its reputation.  I have this internal balance between the price of the food and exceptionalness of the taste and preparation.  Guy Savoy does not meet that balance.  The prices are extremely high for the quality delivered.  The heirloom tomatoes prepared 3 ways, was my favorite dish of all, utter perfection for tomato lovers.  The soup that made him famous was very good, but again the balance of price lowered my enjoyment of it.  The sea bass with foam, and incredible treatment of the skin, was great but I have honestly had better for my personal taste elsewhere.  Overall, a great evening and a definite experience.
5	I have been to Guy Savoy a few times, and I was finally able to have a private dinner in the Krug room which is located inside the kitchen. I can't even explain how perfect the meal was. the room is open with glass doors so you can literally see everything that is going on in the kitchen. We were also given an ipad to watch multiple cameras of each food station. The service was phenomenal and all the servers were spectacular. Chef Mathieu is extraordinarily brilliant and so sweet. Every single beautiful creation on each dish was so fantastic. And when you pair your food with Krug champagne, the night cannot be beat. I can't wait to come back and I really hope I can enjoy the cognac lounge next time!
4	We went here for a bday celebration. Service is excellent. We had the white truffle tasting menu. The pumpkin soup was excellent.  I also liked the scallop and guinea hen dish. The risotto and dessert were a disappointment. This is still a very good dining experience.
5	My husband and I came here for our anniversary a few weeks ago.  To be honest, I didn't think I'd be that stuffed at the end our meal due to some of the photos I saw on Yelp.  I was so so wrong.  We did the course menu that fit in best with our time.  We had a show to catch by 10 and our dinner was at 6.  What's great is that they ask you immediately if there are any time constraints you are under and let you know which course meals you should avoid.  The food was amazing.  Really.  Everything that came out was exceptional.  What made it even better was the service.  Everyone from the sommelier, the hostess and servers were top notch.  I'd love to return, and plan on coming back for another special night.
2	I honestly expected more from a top rated restaurant.  The service was absolutely outstanding and was really the highlight of the experience.  The exception was the sommelier who informed me that he would have difficulty providing an adequate wine pairing for the signature menu based on my preference of only red wines.  The result would be serving the same wine for more than one course, which I said was fine.  He then proceeded to "pour me a little extra" at one course and not pour me any wine for the next!  When I pay for a wine pairing I expect a glass of wine with each course, even if it is the same wine as the last  course.We had the signature tasting and the food was nothing spectacular.  The chestnut dish was my favorite, it was creative and delicious as was the truffle and artichoke soup.   The beef course and cheese course was nothing more than you would find at any top rate restaurant.If you are in Vegas and looking for a top rated restaurant you would find better ambiance, food and wine selection at Picasso at the Bellagio.
5	Finally a restaurant that deserve's their Michelin rating.  My wife and I came here for our anniversary with early reservations.  We ordered their Innovation Menu, but they also had a white truffle menu that is not normally offered (they were in season).  From the moment we walked in, they made us feel at home.  I went in a $7 polo shirt and didn't get any funny looks or feel uncomfortable...had to see what the reaction would be, but oh well.  We were seated in what I would consider to be the best seat in the restaurant, in front of the window viewing the strip (what view there is, but still nice).  We were only without at least two waiter's while we were eating our meal.  They were very discrete, helpful, pleasant, knowledgeable, and all worked well in harmony.  The most memorable moment was when the chef came out with the Salmon Iceberg on a  Himalayan salt block.  It was very interesting to watch it being prepared and it was perfectly cooked.  Their bread display, which is what it must be called, was memorable too...I liked the seaweed bread...everything was fresh and untouched and they needed a cart to bring it to you.  They even had a '99 Bollinger, though it's time has past it is my favorite.  I'm not the best as describing the food and tastes, but every bite was a pleasure and an experience.  We spent four hours being coddled and enjoying great food.  Guy Savoy's is what life should be!  You should experience it at least once!
1	Just wanted to eat breakfast. Hostess #1 said just needed to wipe down a table, hostess #2 said 5-10 min.  15 min later still waiting.  Guess we'll go somewhere else.
5	This was, by far, the most expensive dinner I've ever had. However, the experience was worth every penny, The food was great. The service was unbelievably wonderful. I wouldn't dine here weekly, but would definitely return for a special occasion.
5	Guy Savoy was the best restaurant ever! We had a spectacular dinner with outstanding service. Best in US.
5	There is a lot to be said for a restaurant when absolutely everything you can think of is done 100% correctly. The food is beautiful, as is the decor and service. A must!
4	The food as you would expect from  Guy Savoy Boulud was fantastic - perfectly presented - Decor splendid -It was our first visit but definately not our last. we spend four fantastic days in New York city, and  Guy Savoy definetely made one of our nights unforgettable.
