4	Dance much? This is the first country dance hall that I have been to in ages. It's located in a discrete building right in down-town Mesa. 5 bucks gets you into 3-hours of non-stop country dancing. They play slow, swing, and today's best country tracks (with a few line-dances here and there). Like I said, it has been forever since I did any kind of real dancing (hehe) so I was a little nervous - but my nerves were left at the door because I had a blast! I've been two weeks in a row and just like anything the crowd fluctuates, but there are always guys flipping girls around in the air - and lots of people willing to lend a hand if you need help with the basics.I am not so brave as to let a guy take me off the ground, but the crowd has such diverse dancing levels that nobody stands out. Though I have to say (from a people-watcher stand point) those couples doing flips in the air are amazing to watch!However, I fit right in with the peeps wanting to keep both feet on the ground as we dance around the floor. Line dancing is always a blast and if you don't know what you're doing, you can just jump in and learn as you go!! I've had so much fun at 12 W Main and it's an awesome place to go for some great music and fun! It's only Wednesday nights from 9pm - midnight and it's $5 a person. Oh! And they have karaoke! Not every week, but I think they try to do it every other night, I will try to get a website where they make announcements for things like that.There are bottled waters for .50 cents, but nothing else - so eat first.
4	This is a family owned wedding/event venue that offers all inclusive wedding packages that are very competitive price wise. I must say that the two young girls that run the place are super friendly and care about what kind of wedding you are looking for. This was a breath of fresh air after dealing with Tre Bella (see review) since they were super nice. The wedding venue itself is beautiful, however for the amount of people we are expecting to have, we thought the space itself would be too big. I will say that they have this beautiful ceremony area below the venue,  and they are contracted with the Mesa Arts center, so they will set up your wedding ceremony there as well!We decided not to go with them because we chose another venue that was closer to home, that's all. If we lived in Mesa, we probably would have chose them! If you're expecting to have a large wedding, this place can easily accommodate for it and the wedding coordinators are very friendly, prices are good as well!
5	I just did the photography for Yelp's "Little Yelp of Horrors" halloween party last night at 12 West Main. The event turned out great! I don't think it would have been quite as fun anywhere else. The Staff at 12 West Main are kind, friendly, and super easy to work with. Coming from a photographers prospective 12 West Main is a great location for weddings and all sorts of special events. It's industrial chic design leaves the doors open for so many different options. This place has great texture with red brick walls and beautiful industrial concrete floors. A versatile venue offering excellent catering, full service wet bars and more, 12 West Main is the Bee's Knees!
5	An Amazing venue!  It is a must see.  Beautiful brick with high ceilings and a gorgeous 2rd story over looking it.  They are a one stop shop with the owner also having a catering company, bar, wedding business.  They are so nice and caring there.  I was an activities planner for 6 years and this would have been my dream location.  You can utilize so many parts of it separately or all together to make a massive event.  Seriously, Yelp is for people to find good business, and if you pass this one up without giving it a chance, you will loose out.
5	As Social Chair for my sorority at ASU, I had the oh-so-fun task of setting up our 1st Annual Year End Party and our Pledge Banquet at the same time in a span of only one month. I did so much research and called so many places that I suddenly went from full-time student to full-time event planner. I came upon 12 West Main on a random search and they have been nothing but helpful and responsive. They gave a way better price and were more than happy to work with an amateur who was slightly disorganized, making everything happen within that small time span. Guests who came loved the staff and venue itself. The catering was delicious and I couldn't have asked for more. Definitely take the time to call them up first before you start calling around like a telemarketer and you can definitely find what you're looking for if you tell them your vision and your price range.
3	If you are looking for a cool loft space with plenty of brick walls, this place definitely has all that! However, when I was told it was a wedding venue, I was surprised when they said 150 could fit. It's really small! You walk inside and the space where they hold cocktail hour is pretty tight...I would say no more than 50 could fit comfortably in the space. When you walk through the arches, the venue space was nice but small.The loft space for the bridal suite was really spectacular though! Granite countertops, shower area, couches, TV, extra "room" for more privacy...I thought it was the best part of this venue for a wedding! The groom's suite failed in comparison. It's located down a steep flight of stairs in a smelly basement with a measly foosball table, couch and TV. The ceremony space is also located next to the groom's suite...really dark and had a strange, unpleasant odor. I definitely wouldn't want to get married down there! They also don't have an elevator so guests who can't walk up and down a flight of steep stairs couldn't even see your wedding if they wanted to....a HUGE no-go for me! Overall, definitely not impressed for a wedding venue but did like the space for something more casual.
4	Wow what a great space,   and the fact that it is family owned and operated makes it all the better.  I attended a wedding here two weekends ago, and the staff was awesome and the space was great.  I would recommend this place for sure.
1	Well, I wasn't going to write this review because I did like this place, even after we went through some major set backs, but given the owner has yet to reach out to me, which in my opinion is absolutely ridiculous giving what happened, I am going to write this review! Let's start with what we did like about this place. We got married on March 29th 2014. This place is great because you can use the vendors they have or you can bring in your own or use some of theirs and some of your own. We decided to use everything of theirs except we brought in our officiant and our own liquor but you have to use their bartender for liability reasons. Makes sense. The good: Their food/caterer was awesome!!! Compliments all night long on how amazing the food was and I have to agree! The florist, Elizabeth, was absolutely amazing to work with! She made a bouquet for me that was quite difficult and yet she nailed it!  The overall look of the building is gorgeous and again, tons of compliments across the board on that. Also, the bridal suite is amazing! It's big and comfortable for you and your girls to get ready at! Overall, If your using this place, the florist and caterer is the only thing i would recommend using. Now, let's talk about the bad. We used their photographer Cyndi Hardy and she was absolutely awful!! We paid $1600 for a professional photographer and there was nothing professional about any photo! Blurry photos, she didn't direct us, she didn't edit the photos, short people are in the back so you can't even see them, people in the background of our photos!! We got 3 good photos out of the whole album! 3!! Not to mention my husband has a son and not one photo was taken of my husband with his son, nor the three of us together! That should have been more than half the album! When we wrote to her to tell her our disappointment her response was, "I fulfilled my end of the bargain and have no further obligation to you!" LoL!! What?! No apologies and no nothing to offer to make it right. Then to top off our great night, at the end of the night, I noticed my iPhone was missing which was in the bridal suite the whole time. The girl that was put in charge, after our wedding planner left, I believe her name was Michelle, had no care in the world that my phone was missing. Didn't help look for it or nothing, brushed it off. Also, my mom had gone up to the bridal suite to pack up her stuff before any of us and this same girl was on the phone with her feet up on the desk and looked at my mom like she was invading her space and made my mom feel uncomfortable! You're over seeing a wedding and you're on your phone with your feet up on the desk?! Wow. After getting home and going through our stuff some of our wedding cards had gone missing as well, and because we brought in our liquor we had a count of what we had and what we came home with, and several bottles of liquor were missing as well. Now I can't throw accusations around BUT, we tracked my iPhone to a house out in chandler which definitely means it was stolen. Nor my husband or I know anyone in Chandler nor recognized the people living where the phone was tracked to. Of course it was never recovered. As far as the wedding cards, there is a gift table in the reception, and they do provide a box for your cards, but I would recommend doing something else, put it on your main table or with your parents or something because like I said some of our cards were stolen with money of course. Now I initially didn't want to write this review because I did enjoy our wedding and have have gotten a lot of compliments on the overall thing, but then one of my guest told me something very disturbing after the wedding. He was having a conversation with a guy he didn't know, (it's a wedding, odds are you don't know everyone) but the guy made my friend Tom uncomoff right off the bat. My friend Tom asked him if he knew me (the bride) and this guy says "no, one of my friends works here and told me there was a wedding going on and to come on down!" ........okay what?!!!! My friend Tom told me he was dressed as if he was a guest at the wedding so no one would even notice! That's so disturbing on so many levels, I'm more than mad! And to top it off stuff from my own wedding was stolen! Our wedding planner Tony (owners nephew, family owned business) has been trying to reach out and has done a good job, but I am really upset that A. The owner has never made the initiative to reach out to us, so I had to request to talk to her which is B.S! And B. She is aware of the situation, she is aware I requested to talk to her, and it's been 3 weeks since our wedding and not a word from her! After something of such severity happens you would think the owner would reach out!! It's so unprofessional I'm disgusted! As I'm writing this I'm getting more angry so I will end it at that.   As an update it's been a month since our wedding and not a word from the owner! She got paid so why would she!
5	Tony and his team are absolutely incredible. They definitely made our wedding day extremely special and memorable. I found 12 West Main through a Google search and my Husband and I instantly fell in love with the venue on our first visit. Not only did we love the industrial vibe of the place, we also loved the fact that 12 West Main worked with the Mesa Arts Center for outdoor ceremonies! We also loved the fact that the venue is totally open to outside vendors but also offers amazing options with their preferred caterer and florist. Tony made it so easy to pick and choose options and customize everything just the way we want it! Day of, Tony was absolutely incredible. With little direction, Tony and his team setup the tables, cocktail area, and ceremony area even better than the vision in my head! Tony was super creative when it came to making executive decisions and never once stressed me out. FYI - this venue has an amazing bridal suite completely with full kitchen, bathroom, and a loungey living room area. Tony also brought us some tasty snacks and checked in on us frequently to see how we were doing. I don't know how he did it, but that guy was everywhere and absolutely on top of everything! Truly a fantastic experience to work with 12 West Main and Tony. Our day was extra amazing just because of them.
5	My daughter & new son-in-law used this venue for their wedding last month and we absolutely LOVED everything, from the very beginning to the day of the wedding, Tony and his staff were fantastic.  Tony was especially wonderful in all he did to make this special day so beautiful.  He went above and beyond to help make my daughter's vision into a reality.  I would recommend this venue without hesitation...Keep up the great work you do Tony....And thank you from the bottom of our hearts, the wedding would not have been the hit it was with our family & friends if not for your expertise, advice, and hands-on assistance.
