1	Sorry Mullens, but I will never visit your establishment again.  I attempted to stop in with a few friends on NYE; we had a few friends inside attending a party.  Three of us have PA licenses, and our fourth has an AZ license. The bouncer comments on it, and my friend mentions that he's actually from Cleveland but just hasn't changed his license over yet.  Captain bouncer states that my friend has to say "Cleveland Browns suck" in order to get in the bar.  Of course my friend isn't going to say that, because even though they may suck, there's no reason to disparage your home team just to get into a bar.  At first we thought he was joking, but then it became pretty clear that he was not, stating "my bar, my rules."  I went in, told our friends inside that we were not wiling to give money to a place that has employs someone like that at the door, went outside, grabbed my friends, and instead went to a bar that has bouncers that make decisions based on logic.  What a shame.
1	It's disappointing when one person ruins the party for everyone. Your entry enforcement agent, is that guy. I, nor my friends, should be subjected to attitude, ignorance, or otherwise - especially when we are polite, hand you our well-over-legal-age ID's, and are suited above and beyond dress code. You, party pooper, discriminated against the fan of another football team, and in the process gave Steeler fans and the city a bad name. Mullen's was never going to be my 'go-to' bar in the South Side anyway; it's a dime a dozen. I happened to have a group of friends hosting a party on NYE - I would've loved to see them, but wasn't leaving the other couple I was with outside, belittled and otherwise unsure where to go. My fault for dragging them there. Mr. Bouncer Boy - ask for NYE off next year. It's too bad I thought your tater tots were half decent the one time I ate there ... but not worth showing back up for.
1	Thanks for nothing. We make plans all week to watch the fights Saturday night, their website advertises the UFC starting at 8, I get in 3 hours beforehand to have the bartender tell me its private party only???Wish I had checked yelp first...
2	Mullen's should've remained Paparazzi...even though the food was pretty meh at both, at least Paparazzi's hours weren't a mystery.As a sports bar, you'd assume they'd LOVE to be open on Sundays during football season, right? After stopping in to catch a game (in a Ravens jersey, nonetheless) the first time, we had a decent experience. The food was so-so, but they did have tater tots (and who doesn't like tater tots to drum up that nostalgic childhood carb coma?), and the bartender wasn't actually a jerk despite me sitting in his bar representing one of the Steelers' rival teams. While the food wasn't worth rushing back for, the experience was positive enough for us to consider going again if my game wasn't on locally. *I feel a 3 star rating coming on...* Unfortunately, it was CLOSED the next time we walked there...and the time after that. No reason why on the door, either. The lights were simply off and the chairs were up. Odd, right? Sports bar? Check. Sunday NFL ticket? Check. Open on Sunday? Nope...huh? We noticed in the weeks following, that as we would drive by, you never actually knew if, or when, Mullen's was actually open. I might get on other restaurants for inconsistent food, but at least they have predictable hours.With a business being run like that, and with the food being the definition of average bar food, there's really no reason to go back. Especially in an area with so many comparable options...
3	Poor Mullen's getting a bad rep. I could see the frustrations pouring out from other reviews. Although the floor seemed sticky from the night before and the service wasn't the best I have had, this is the Ohio State Backers bar and I enjoy joining all of the OSU fans on Saturdays to watch the games. Sure the OSU club has a nice deal going with Mullens. They even play OSU music during the commercials. Although this isn't my favorite spot, I love joining my fellow Ohio State fans here on Saturday afternoons!
1	I came here once and won't be back. The drinks were low on alcohol and they messed up my tab.
1	Boring, boring, boring. Compared to the other bars we went to, this was drab with a small crowd. They probably have their regulars but I wouldn't be one of them. The bathroom was very cramped and smelled awful. We had one drink before leaving, they were poorly made and didn't taste at all like they were supposed to. We left after 20 minutes.
