3	Good hair cut for a good price.
1	Customer service, hair cut, and attitude, all sucked!      Went in with my son for 2 haircuts. Had to wait 1hr for a 15min wait. I could understand if other people were in front of me. I was the only one waiting.     After 30min of waiting, one stylist finished her hair cut... chatted for awhile with the other stylist... then left to get lunch and make a deposit at the bank. She said sorry but she had to get there before they closed.      I stuck it out. After an hr the stylist that was still there (working on color or perm or something) bitched and complained about being stuck there with no competent help.  She acted like she was doing me a favor by cutting my hair.   I didn't get my son's haircut there after all that. When I got home my wife told me to go back and have them fix it.  No way!    My wife tried to help but made it worse. I went to the great clips on buffalo Vegas and they fixed it for me.   If you want to get butchered, don't mind wasting your day, and love hearing people bitch about their job.... give this place a shot.  Don't bring a gun because you'll probably kill yourself.
1	Incompetent. As I was walking towards the store, I saw two women at the front counter and they both had a hesitant look as if they didn't want us to walk in. I have an eagles eye and saw their expression-totally unprofessional. I usually leave high tips but I wouldn't want to spend a dime at this place.Train your employee to have class and be approachable. My buddy got his haircut because he was in a dire need-I'll take my service and tips elsewhere.
4	I always get my haircut here, I love my stylist, her name is Precious. She is very sweet and friendly, and she know what she is doing. She is the reason I go to this salon.
1	Staff was rude, useless, not helpful, unprofessional and incompitant. I took my 2 sons their for a hair cut. I went back a couple of times to make sure the number on the razor was short enough while she was shaving his head. Rather than her doing the entire thing over agian and me being unhappy with it. in other words, i was trying to do the stylist a favor. while she is cutting my 6 year olds hair who is also autistic im by his side trying to keep him leveled out cause he NEEDS to stay calm and still,  the stylist tells me to go back and wait in the waiting room. I wouldnt leave my child unattended in a doctors office let alone in a hair salon. Soon after a father comes in with his child (her 1st haircut,) and the manager finally decided to come out from the back to cut her hair after they already had 4 people waiting in line. Then she tells him to step aside a couple time and he's more concerned about his daughter and how she's going to react to a stranger of course cutting her hair and she tells him very rudely to go and stand on the carpet. I'll take my kids, tips and business else where. FYI "Precious" is no longer woking there and many customer were asking fir her....
