3	i feel like when looking for restaurants on here, if i see a three star place i'm likely to avoid it. i had a very good experience here though.a friend and i were actually looking for a different mexican restaurant, one she tried to go to on a sunday and monday, the only two days they are closed, and when we arrived on saturday evening, we found a sign saying they have moved from phoenix to mesa.  clearly not destined to patronize that restaurant.  anyway, we'd passed the sign for this tiny strip mall restaurant and decided to head back and give an unknown place a try. the atmosphere is pretty generic, there are both booths and tables and some typical mexican decoration. doesn't transport me to a mexican pueblo, but it's not a tourist trap either so i was pretty comfortable.  after a quick scan of the menu my friend decided on the green chili burrito smothered with cheese and plated with beans and rice. ($6.75) i went for the chiles rellenos with rice and beans. ($9.25)we ate some average tortilla chips with some super spicy red chili salsa and though our meals were out in record time we got a free refill of the chips when we drained the first bowl. my chiles rellenos were excellent.  dark green chiles lightly breaded, filled to the brim with white cheese and smothered in a spicy green sauce with some extra cheese on top. rice tasted like it had been cooked in beef broth and the beans were definitely cooked with a ham bone.  i'm a vegetarian so i had to skip those but there were two big chiles and i got hot fluffy corn tortillas so i didn't need the sides anyway. (but $9.25 is a little steep for what i was able to eat) Kate started to dig into her plated burrito when she realized that it was not a 'green chile burrito' but a pork burrito with green chile sauce.  she's not a vegetarian, and is literally the calmest and nicest person i've ever met, but she was pissed. she didn't send it back under the pretenses of false advertising, which she probably should have, but she was really annoyed and even as we were leaving she commented that she would never go back to a place that doesn't label their menu items correctly. so on the one hand i would go back there in a heartbeat, quick service, good food and for the most part decent prices, kate would list it on a top ten places to avoid list. i would say if you're on baseline and you want something that doesn't pander to gringo's head over to el mesquite and give it a try.
4	This place is the real deal. I know it's a horrible cliche` but when you enter an ethnic cuisine resturant and hear the customers AND the wait staff speaking the language of the cuisine ... you KNOW it's gonna be good!! I've been going to El Mesquite for nearly 10 years. The servers have been there forever and I think are related to one another. When you first enter you see some sterotypical posters on brightly painted walls and cutsey mexican pottery and plants. The resturant used to be only one room and has since expanded to two rooms. Another sign that a place is good! :) You are expected to seat yourself and will wait a minute or two before a bowl of paprika dusted toritilla chips that are served with TOXIC hot sauce!! Man it's killer!! but sooo good!! Just sprinkle some salt on it and ask for water and power through it!! Trust me! It'll get sweet after a bowl or two!! and when it does... MAN! that's good eatin!!I like the two eggs with beans and tortillas with a side order of fried potatos! it's the best vegetarian breakfast on the south side! For lunch, a yummy burrito will do! And for dinner, the combination dinners are KING! The beans a lil runny, but when mixed with the rice, are AMAZING!! I like their iced tea, it's very dark, almost like sun tea. and the cups are huge! And every meal is under $10! who can beat that?? Look out for the daily specials! they're rarely on the menu and are usually indulgences of a cook that gets bored easily! LOL! Today's was Pezole with fresh Pan. One of the things that can be a little confusing is that the servers rarely give you a check. It's up to the diner to go to the back cashier register and pay. Usually, that's when the diner is told what the total is. I belive this is done as to not rush the patrons out of the resturant, which is something I appreciate. When you're on the south side and want something a little off the beaten path and like leiserly meals served rocket fast and with love super hot suce all for under 10 bucks a pop this is TOTALLY the place for you!! Seat yourself, order water and sweat while u dare to enjoy the salsa! It'll only take a second as your food will be ready in a flash!
3	Not wanting to drive all the way to Dick's for Sunday breakfast I decided to Yelp places close to my house I came upon El Mesquite, and decided to give it a try. It is located in a strip mall and I would have never heard of it if it wasn't for Yelp. I was pleasantly surprised by the food and the staff. As soon as I walked in I knew it was going to be good because the place was packed. I found the only table available and took a gander at the menu. The chips were crisp and the spicy salsa was delicious. I ordered a quesadilla and the steak ranchero. the steak was cooked in peppers and onions and came with a mildly spicy sauce. My meal was pretty delicious and so was the $3.25 Negro Modello. I looked around at the entrees that sat in from of the people around me and everything looked good and the portions were huge. The food overall was a little greasy, but it was definitely some home cooked mexican (which I could eat every day of my life). I'll have to keep this one on the radar for cheap and good south side fare.
4	I'm still a fan of this place and stand by what I wrote before hand, but I would like to add is the fact that they have AMAZING chili relleno! I went there recently and had a new revelation, it was slightly soggy but still great. I hope you go and really try it out! it's worth the trip to the southside! :)
4	My wife and I splint an enchilada plate (one chicken, one beef). There was a lot of flavor in everything on the plate -- although it was light on spice. The salsa that came with the chips was pretty spicy so I spooned a little onto the dinner plate. It was exactly what was needed. Terrific meal that hit the spot.Service was good. Atmosphere is a bit hole in the wall -- which is high in my book. We'll definitely do that again.
5	Best Beans and Hand-made Tortillas in Phoenix! I think the best way to judge a Mexican restaurant is by their beans. Even if they have the best salsa or the crispiest taco, if there beans taste like the inside of a can or like they have been re-fried one to many times, I NEVER return. The art of the bean is creamy, soft, silky, and well.....dreamy. The beans, the regular old beans that come on the side of their chili flecked machaca beef or the the eggs ala mexicana are the best I have ever had! The tortillas are freshly hand-made and are to die for. I wont even get started on the garlicky salsa, but I highly recommend a bowl of creamy beans with 2 flour tortillas.
3	Decent food but was totally dead inside at 6pm on a Thursday.  Cant really think of anything they offer that I cant get elsewhere in South Phoenix.  Had some chips and salsa and a green chile pork burrito.  Good homemade flavor to it.
5	El Mesquite is an outstanding neighborhood spot where tradition meets plate- and the customers are the big winners. As others have mentioned, this is a neighborhood place, where everyone knows each other, and the servers work here forever.If you need corporate clutter, fake ambiance, licence plates on the wall, etc. this is not a place for you. If you like authentic food, warm service and spicy tasty salsa, then grab a table, and tell your taste buds to buckle up.I first went to El Mesquite years ago when I worked downtown. I fell head over heals for their unique chips and addictive spicy salsa. Warning, it is hot, but it's not hot just to be hot, like other places (cough cough, Los Dos...).Being that this is a Mexican restaurant, beloved by locals- you will hear Spanish, laughter, English, and sometimes a combo of  the three. I really do love El Mesquite, they put up with my crap Spanish, and you do not need to speak Spanish to be comfy at El Mesquite. As others have said, when you arrive, you seat yourself, drinks, chips & salsa will be right behind you. Food is great here, and the price point is very good for the value and amount of food you get. I highly recommend the carne asada burro. I know right now America's Taco shop is reigning supreme, but if El Mesquite was near America's, there would be an epic battle because El Mesquite easily beats their carne asada. No bull!$%@.Also amazing is their guacamole, unlike many places, El Mesquite doesn't put a bunch of filler ingredients to make the guac go farther. Jus tasty ingredients, and your mouth will be happy. I also want to recommend getting a quesadilla, they are really tasty and cooked to perfection.Enjoy your trip to El Mesquite, you will not be disappointed, and if you are like me, this place will be in your rotation for 'go to' places!
5	Best Mexican food in town. The Machaca is all the rage, but you can't go wrong with anything.  Come on a Saturday and Sunday and you'll see the locals enjoying - that's how you know it's outstanding.
4	Ok great Mom and Pop place. This is one of those places that you are glad to find on Yelp because they is only one of these. As far as Mexican food place this is a great find. A little of that sonoran style cooking witgh a little authentic north Mexico flavor. I always go by the beans. The beans reminded me of the beans my mom makes at home. They were made today and not out of a can. And the chips and salsa are good. The salsa has a bite to it so if your are mild salsa person, beware.I recomend this place
4	Yum!  Cute little restaurant with yummy food.  Waitress doesn't really speak English but that was so unimportant.  The service was good and the food was really good.Great free chips and salsa.  My kids liked the cheese enchilada so much that I didn't even get a bite!  Great bean and cheese burrito.  The best chili relleno I have had in a long time.The price was a tiny bit more than I was expecting but I will be back!
5	it's hard to find mexican restaurants that are not greasy.well, we found that at el mesquite.  there chips are great and they keep bringing them out.  the salsa is more chili powder and hotter than average.  the food is great.  i have not had a bad meal yet.  the prices are reasonable and the service is great.  my only beef is they charge for soda refills!!!  that sucks.the location is in the very corner of a strip mall and kinda hard to find if you are going for the first time.
5	Great family restaurant in a so-so shopping center. I live in Las Vegas, but travel to Phoenix every other week. I eat here every chance I get, and always order the same thing - smothered green chili burrito with rice. It's made with pork - more New Mexican than Sonoran, and it's absolutely fantastic. Plus their salsa has a nice fiery flavor that is highly addictive. Love this place! I just wish they'd open a place in Vegas.
5	great chips, and flavorful spicy salsa! All the staff are friendly, even if you don't speak Spanish
3	After updating my driver's license photo on a Friday morning (because that's how I spice up my vacation week), I wanted to eat somewhere outside of my general dining zone. By chance, I happened upon El Mesquite and was pleased with my breakfast. My server brought out chips and salsa; man, their salsa kicks ass! Great flavor and fantastic heat. That held me over while I was waiting on the chilaquiles. As others have stated, the beans are on the runny side. But mixing them with rice fixes that.The staff here was super nice, too. And for the prices, I'll definately be back when i find myself on the south side.
4	Immaculately kept clean. Very friendly ladies greet you with a warm welcome. Food is delicious and plentiful. Flavors are strong, robust, tantalizing, and complex. Grab a napkin for your runny nose! Start off with a salted-rim Margarita, or one of a nice, smooth, cool Dos Equis beer to wash down the chili powder-sprinkled chips and powerful salsa. I always order the #1 which consists of a taco, and a bean and chorizo covered tortilla, cheese enchilada smothered in sauce, and a chunky beef and green chili burrito. It's way more than enough to eat, and I always wind up with leftovers. Very comfortable and inviting dining room, with soft Mexican music playing. Wonderful people and place to take visiting family from out-of-state for an truly authentic taste of Mexico. Prices are fair. Service is excellent and quick for made-to-order homemade dishes. I eat here at least twice a month. If you want to know where to get good Mexican food, eat where the Mexicans do! Love it!! Can't get enough of it.
4	I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review of El Mesquite. It's one of those neighborhood standbys that you love having around. We've eaten takeout several times and been thrilled with the carne asada, carnitas, and more. And while we've tried it several times already, I'll add that it could easily have been twice as many or more. But their hours are a frequent source of frustration. How does a restaurant surrounded by a mostly residential area close every night at 7:00 and have otherwise seemingly arbitrary hours? Given that it's family-owned, I give them a pass and will return again. Just make sure you call ahead if coming from a distance.
4	The food is hot and good. If I was just rating the food I would give it five stars. But the service was slow and unresponsive. In fact the girl bussing helped us more  than our waitress. They adjusted our meal without complaint as I have food allergies. Portion size is perfect, you leave full but not busting. I would recommend this place for great Mexican food.
5	One day I'll make it there for something besides breakfast, but I don't know why to bother when the breakfast is so good. They do stop breakfast at 10:30am though.
5	Great authentic Mexican Food, good service and it feels like home. The chile verde is my staple plate.
3	Wow, it's been about 3 1/2 years getting back around to this one, but I stopped in here for lunch today and was a little less impressed than last time, maybe only because I've had time to try so many Valley Mexican restaurants since.Let's get the NEGATIVES out of the way first:*  The Men's Room is one person at a time, yet there was no lock on the door!*  The price for my #5 Combination choice was high at $9.75, particularly given the modest serving sizes of the chips, the smallish chile and the taco.  (Photo.)*  The booth seat was too low for the height of the table.= = = = = =The POSITIVE things:*  The seasoned chips were good and the thick, pureed, spicy salsa was just right!*  My combo platter of a (Pablano) Chile Relleno, Shredded Beef Taco, Refried Beans, Spanish Rice and a bit of salad was all tasty and everything was served at the right temperature on a hot platter.It's 3 Stars this time for busy little El Mesquite, where they are open for Breakfast, have a full bar, and are closed on Tuesdays.     :-)
1	I would give no stars if it let me. Absolutely horrible service. Food took so long we ended up having to get it to go.
1	Service is waaaaay to slow and there is no drink refills. I dont think I will be coming back
2	Service was terrible and staff was very unfriendly!
5	All the food is great. Best Mexican food. Everything is freshly made. Guacamole and chorizo are the best. People are very friendly too.
5	Been here numerous times and they have the BEST chicken tacos in town! Love the chips and salsa as well...it's nice and spicy as it should be.
4	Very good Mexican food. I tried the carne asada and it was well cooked with great flavored. I loved the hand made flour tortillas. Guacamole was a little plain but other than that it was a great meal.You can tell they take great pride in their restaurant as the food was prepared well. Everything was fresh. I also enjoyed that they put up Christmas decorations during the holidays!
