5	This locally owned family run store features one of a kind designs.  They have something to suit everyone, from diamonds to semi precious stones.  The store was busy the entire time I was there. The owner, Scott,  is terrific.  He takes his time with a client and one can tell he loves what he does.  He designs alot of the jewerly himself.  No two pieces are alike.  I went in, took some of the things I no longer wear (old wedding ring from first marriage, ect) Scott gave me a great trade in amount for them and I left with two pairs of earring and a ring and money left on account.  I get compliments whenever I wear jewelry from Treasures.  If you like one of a kind items or want a custom design, this is THE place to go.
5	I have been shopping Treasures for several years. We recommend them to all our friends anytime someone asks about Jewelry.  I believe our first piece was to take my mothers wedding ring and use the stones and gold to make me a ring. We liked way the ring turned out and I have gotten many compliments. To have the ring designed and made was not near as expensive as you may think.  We now have 4 pieces they have designed just for us and many more that we have bought out of the displays. My wife had a ring she would not wear. We took it in and the ring was redesigned into a ring she now wears often. You owe it to yourself just to go in and look. It is like being in an art gallery. There are many one of a kind pieces. When you look around the store you will see there are many trophies they have won for their design in local, state and national shows. Just like all jewelry stores they have diamond jewelry. Well, I don't care much for diamonds. Yes, they sparkle. To me they don't hold much interest. I like the colored stones best and Treasures has the best selection you will find anywhere. The colored stones I like best are the ones that change color with the type of light that enters the stone. Sapphires and Garnets that change from a blue to green to burgundy. Most people don't know that some stones change color with the light and many of the few that do only think Alexandrite does this. First thing many people think is I can't afford to have a piece made or go to a high quality Jewelry store like Treasures. Yes, I do go into other stores and look at price. You don't save much and may times pay more than what I would at Treasures. What you do get is quality and service when you buy from them. This equals value to me. I know what I bought is what I got. I have never gone away feeling as if I paid to much. Everyone in the store will treated you well. I do have my favorites to work with as they know what styles we like and can show us what we may be most interested in. These are Scott the owner and Jessica his daughter.
5	I went to Treasures to see how much it would cost to add a locking clasp to my tennis bracelet. The salesman was so helpful and educated me on the bracelet. He went as far as to have me look through a loop to better explain what he was talking about. These folks know their stuff and I would highly recommend their services. They were really down to earth and not snooty at all like some other jewelry stores seen in high end TV advertisements/ He noticed the tanzanite ring I was wearing and even showed me the difference in colors in the stone and others that were available for purchase. I felt a lot more knowledgeable after leaving.
5	These guys have won awards for their jewerly, I can see why they have beautiful things, plus their prices are great.  Check them out.
5	I had Treasures design my wife a Mother's Ring.  It turned out beautiful!  My wife was thrilled when I gave it to her, she gets a lot of great compliments on this ring.  The price on their high quality custom work rivals that of bulk made 'junk' from the massive retail and big box stores.  I will definitely be a return customer to Treasures.
5	I first found Treasures over the internet in 2004 when I was looking for an engagement ring. I was very lucky to stumble onto this great shop with reasonably priced high quality jewelry. Scott is the owner and has always been very helpful, approachable and he has an uncanny sense of what I have wanted for my wife. He helped me design the engagement ring and the accompanying wedding band. Much of this was done over the internet. Since then, I have purchased tahitian pearls and a few diamond earrings from him. Each time the deals have been done sight unseen and have concluded without  hitch! His diamond connections are great! Our most recent purchase was a set of diamond earrings to complement a set I bought 5 years ago from him. He was able to match the new diamond to the old set amazingly well and at a price far less than my local chain store. Whether you are looking for diamonds or other jewelry, you can't go wrong with Treasures. From the first contact I made in 2004 until now, I have had nothing but good experiences with the purchases I have made from 400 miles away!
5	Look. Don't go anywhere else to buy fine jewelry, ok? You hear me?I've known the owners of this place since 2005. They are the most charitable couple I've ever met. Now... You may not care about charity... Ok... That's cool. That's your right.So what, if you don't. But do you care about rocks? Some big and shiny, others smooth and colorful, mostly sparkly and attractive, yet many rare and unique... ROCKS? Treasures is owned by an awesome family! ... THEY ROCK! (Ha!) ... Their employees rock too! (Ha, HA!) ...Something about a family business...where IS that in this day and age? Where's the attention to detail, the care for the customer, the follow up, the fairness, the feeling like you're the most important customer they've ever served? ...at Treasures, baby.Yelp. I'm gonna say it. It's just too easy to pass up... You are truly treasured at Treasures!! (Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!! Yeah it's corny but so what. That's what makes this review fun to read, and another reason why you should pay Treasures a visit. The visit is free. (That goes without saying. But I said it.)Not only are YOU treasured, but that's what you'll find - TREASURES. Lots of beautiful, shiny, high quality, fair-priced treasures.I should stop. I know, I know. It's so much to take in!But I hear you. I do. I hear you silently yearning..."Please write more about Treasures!" ...Ok OK! You win. I will. Hold on... Let me rest my mobile-phone-typing thumbs and wipe the sweat off my brow...Continuing...Treasures is not a hop-skip-and-a-jump from our house, but it's worth the trip! You will never forget this establishment once you step in - especially if you meet their eccentric owner and award-winning designer, Scott! Oh and by the way, he personally  buys many of the precious stones HIMSELF! He personally flies to other countries for his stones. He flies by airplane, although he'd probably tell you different. He may even wear his cape to work the day you visit. But I digress. My point: He makes sure YOU'RE truly getting the best of what you're paying for. And by cutting out the middle man, the prices are cut too. :D (You know you like it!)Go ahead. Read the other reviews. Search them on the web. TRY to find something wrong. Good luck. You'll need it.My free advice? Instead of wasting any more time, hop on the Loop 101 and go visit my friend, his fun-loving wife, attentive staff, and one-of-a-kind, custom, unique, award-winning jewelry.No need to thank me. ;)
5	I love this jewelry store! Have been dealing with them for years when we lived around the corner from them.  We have moved up to Cave Creek and I make the trip down to them cause they are worth it.  I've tried other jewelers and they don't meet up to my standards like Treasures does!  Keep up the excellent work!
5	I have been to Treasures several times for he cleaning and repair of my wedding set. They are friendly and fast and honest. I never feel like I'm being upsold or charged for anything I don't need. After the jeweler I bought my wedding band went out of business I found Treasures on Yelp and am really glad I did.
5	We were referred to Treasures from a jewelry appraiser in Scottsdale which we are so happy for the referral because they have the most beautiful jewelry and one of kind items.  We have bought a few items and I had a custom ring made for my husband which is absolutely gorgeous and he gets compliments on it all the time.  Scott helped me pick the stone and then their designer drew up some settings based on the shape of the stone.We fell in love with this store from the first time we went in.  Everyone is very friendly and no pressure to buy, beautiful one of kind pieces and great selection and prices to fit any budget.  After we made our first purchase we both said we wouldn't buy from any other jeweler.I get compliments on all the pieces we have bought from them and always recommend them.  It's nice to finally find someone that you trust completely.
5	Best place for value, uniqueness, and custom jewelry from a family owned business that is always concerned about your needs.  We have no reason to go anywhere else and have dealt with them for years.
5	I went in to get a watch serviced and got great service.  Then I ended up buying a once in a lifetime ring there as well several days later, got a great deal on it and it is not like anything else I have seen.  Scott took the time to look at my other jewelry and explained some details about the setting that I would never have known otherwise.  They are truly a full service and thorough operation.  Great customer service, amazing collection of jewelry, so many custom pieces that set their inventory apart from anything in other stores.  Their entire staff is helpful and courteous and prompt with their information and assistance to customers.  I will definitely be going back to Treasures for all my future jewelry needs and repairs!  - E
5	One of my daughter's has been going to Treasure's for many years she trusts the owners as they are friends of friends, & has always raved about their honesty, integrity, prices, service & knowledge. In 2010 I brought in some lose stones & a ring I already had to have custom pieces made. The designs & finished pieces far exceeded my expectations. The entire staff was knowledgeable, friendly putting my mind at ease, answering questions & guiding me to getting exactly what I wanted. In my opinion there is no other better jeweler, they've stood behind their pieces (even as recently) when I damaged my ring. I would not hesitate referring anyone. I wish them continued success.P.S. as an ending note I have NEVER received so many compliments on a ring! Sure makes a girl feel good :-)
5	I initially walked into Treasures because I was eating nearby and got curious.  I have now been a customer for a couple years.  This business is family owned and operated.  The staff is extremely knowledgeable, helpful, and friendly.  No deceptive sales practices or high pressure tactics that you would expect from the large jewelry places.  Scott, Danielle, Brian, Maria, and Jessica all genuinely care about their customers and will set you up with beautiful, one of a kind pieces that meet your needs and far exceed your expectations.  Their prices are much less than other jewelry stores and they can offer better quality items because Scott hand picks his inventory (gems) when he travels the world.  I ventured away from the norm and asked them to make a custom pendant for me.  I hand selected the gemstones from their many trays of available colors and diamonds and Jessie created an amazing setting for me.  He kept me involved from everything between the draft sketch to the  final product.  What an incredible experience and, as a result, I am ruined from purchasing at the chain locations.  I would highly recommend Treasures and have referred many family members and friends so far!!
5	Treasures is a non franchised jewelry store that gives you the proper attention backed by experience and knowledge of the craft.They have lots of custom jewelry options that are superior to what you would usually find at a larger franchised store.They also buy gold at a very competitive rate.
5	I've been using treasures for 6 years or so.   They have taken care of everything from our custom wedding rings to anniversary gifts and birthday presents.  Ive referred countless customers back to them and the reviews are always glowing.  I've dealt with a few other local jewelers and frankly I don't know why I bothered.  Thanks Scott and team.
5	Went in to have 2 rings looked at and sized. The staff was amazing and gave me many options on how to fix the one ring that was broken. They are very reasonable with pricing and I am looking forward to getting my finished rings, one is getting sized the other is getting the stone replaced. They were knowledgable and friendly.
