3	No fancy decor or fancy creative anything-infused dishes here. Just what you'd expect from a family style restaurant: kids meals that are more than enough food plus a drink for 3.49; thick french fries that are crisy on the outside and fluffy inside, and a Friday night fish fry that trumps Long John Silver. I really liked the coleslaw. Mike's clam chowder was lumpy and won't be ordered again. The kids liked their meals except the picky one who refused to eat the hot dog after she heard they don't sell many. "I've had some better hot dogs from a gas station," she said.  The wait staff was quite friendly and attentive.  The prices are good and the food is predictable - so if you're in the area and need a place to sit and chat, this cafe fits the bill.  By the way, they have some of the freshest iced tea I've had in a long time. And I'm really picky about my iced tea, if you haven't noticed.
4	Great Mom and Pop place. Ample food at a great price and tastes like home cooking. We like to go for breakfast, but also went for friday fish fry. It's all good.
4	This is a nice local cafe. I had never been here before so decided to check it out. I ordered Mike's special plate which is thinly sliced steak with green peppers and onion with a side of refried beans. Amazing. Hubby ordered San Francisco burger and loved every bite. This would be a great place for breakfast. Prices are fair portions are huge. Great place  We will be coming back for sure.
5	Slightly crappy start to this little adventure...walking in my phone got (what the "man-friend" likes to call) "Glendale custom" aka-I dropped in walking in and shattered the screen. I have insurance and its only a phone so I got over it quick. We walked in and were greeted by an incredibly sweet older lady who later explained she stopped in for a meal one day and next thing she knew she had a hostess job in her spare time. THEN-if that wasn't charming enough we look out the window and see an older John Deere tractor with a grandpa and his grandson just driving to breakfast. Literally they could have served me dog food at this point but the charm had already won me over. And yet-the food was oober yummy. Very home cooked feel. Made me a bit homesick. The staff was awesomely friendly and the atmosphere was fun and light. Very small town feel. Being a small town girl I fell in love. Will be back, hopefully driving in on a John Deere.
4	so we finally stopped in for breakfast.... I say finally because we drive by this lace at least three times a week.  The whole plaza it sits in has been remolded, and we discovered that the cafe has been too - it looks great.  I wouldn't call the cafe 'cozy', but I will take new and clean  over dingy and outdated any time.Breakfast was only slightly above average, but taking the service and the price into consideration earns the cafe four starts.  If you want fast and satisfactory food and a moderate price, this is a good option to place  on your rotation.  I don't think we would swing by for dinner - not our style, but we WILL be back for breakfast.  I suspect we will be stopping by for lunch at some point too.
4	I have been visiting the Peoria Cafe off and on over the last 20 years or so covering several different owners often with differing levels of food quality and service.  The current owner, who is very hands on and can be seen in the kitchen as well as on the floor, apparently "gets it", and it shows. Good food with a good value.As mentioned previously, this 'locals" cafe sits within a newly remodeled strip mall.  The cafe interior itself has been remodeled and upgraded over the last couple of years in segments.  The staff is a good mix of of long time and new employees.  Everyone is friendly.I had breakfast at the cafe this morning for the second time in the last week after a long layoff which had nothing to do with the cafe or it's food and more to the fact that I don't eat breakfast out as much now that I'm retired.  The reason for my re-visit, I wanted to enjoy their new Mexican  Omelette which is principally a mix of chorizo, steak and cheese. My second sampling of this omelette was as good as the first.Ordered:  Mexican Omelette                Iced Tea                Total $11.00If you want to enjoy a breakfast at a reasonable price, give the Peoria Cafe a try.
4	Friendly service and great food for breakfast. This was our first time here and we will be back. Our waitress was so nice and friendly. The entire place makes you feel welcome.
4	The family and I decided to give the Friday Night Fish Fry a try. I don't regret it... It was good. The service was a tad on the slow side but they were pretty busy. I'd like to see what they have to offer for breakfasts now...
5	This is my new favorite weekend breakfast spot!  They have great specials and the service is great.  I've only had breakfast at this place, so I'm not sure how their lunch/dinner options fare.
4	Friday fish fries are a must! The staff is always incredibly friendly and the food is always fast and delicious. A great place for kids, they have mickey mouse pancakes that are adorable. They need better bathrooms but that is minor issue with the great food that they have!
1	I would not recommend eating at the Peoria Cafe. I ordered two pancakes and bacon for my breakfast. The bacon was nice and crispy like I ordered, however the pancakes were tasteless. When I poured the syrup onto my plate from the container sitting on the table, to my surprise a large fly came out in the syrup! Disgusting! The rest of my friends refused to eat after seeing this. The waitress took the plate and the syrup from the table and apologized. We all left and will not be returning to the Peoria Cafe. The back door was open and there were also bugs flying around. I'm not sure if you can attach a picture to this, but I will if I can.
4	I really like this place! The pancakes are great, the people are friendly and prices are reasonable. Nothing fancy, no gimmicks, simple and good!
4	Nice mom and pop place.  Daily specials, etc.  Good, friendly service and decent food.
4	Three words: FISH FRY FRIDAY.Have you ever been to a backwoods bar in Wisconsin that has an all-you-can-eat fish fry on a Friday night for practically nothing?If you answered "no" to that question, then I invite you to experience the Peoria Cafe. It's the next best thing, right here in Arizona!  What you will get is reasonable prices, friendly service, and a good, old-fashioned Friday night fish fry.The downside is that they only serve until 8 (?!?!) and I don't think they serve alcohol; everyone knows that a truly awesome fish fry is complimented by a brandy old-fashioned and/or a microbrew.  I would give a few points for their delicious home-made ranch dressing.My advice: pre-drink and head over to the Peoria cafe for a great fried fish dinner!
1	I dined at this restaurant for the Friday Fish Fry.   The food was fine and reasonable.    My problem was with the staff.   Upon getting ready to leave I asked for a to-go box.    Our table had NO reorders or seconds.   We simply wanted to take with us that which was originally served.   Again, we would not expect to take home leftovers if we had ordered seconds or utilized the ALL-YOU-CAN-EAT menu.   We originally ordered a single serve and an all you can eat plate (not utilized).  Mgmt. would not oblige us and refused a to-go container.   They were not pleasant to us.     NEVER AGAIN.    Why would they publicly argue with customers ?
4	Fish Fry Fridays!Cam with the whole famdamily. There was like 12 of us. 95% all got the fish. The staff was efficient, effective and did a good job. The fish was served with fries and soggy cole slaw. While both were good (not great) the fish was perfect. Perfectly breaded and fried. Unless you can seriously pack it in, You DO NOT need the all you can eat. None of us could have eaten another bite.
5	Great food at a great price you can't beat it. The staff is friendly and the service is quick. It reminds me of the old breakfast stops of many years ago before franchises took over.
5	Prompt & friendly service, good prices, tasty food, everything I want in a little cafe. I had their croissant breakfast sandwich; loved it! If/When I'm back in the area, I'd like to try their bacon cheeseburger.
5	I have to say. My employee has been wanting me to try their fish fry here. OMG. Some of the best fish fry I've ever tasted. They know their doing here. The bread pudding words can't even describe. Your taste buds will be all over the place. That's how delicious this was. I will be back for sure.
3	Great food, great prices and great service... gotta come back for the fish fry friday...
5	I have dined here every Saturday morning for the past two months. I won't eat breakfast from anywhere else. The portions are so huge I have enough for my breakfast on Sunday as well. The staff is wonderful. I will certainly eat here again. I order an omelette with bacon, ham, and sausage,  home fries, cinnamon raisin toast, and coffee.
5	Great, fast service, the server kept the coffee topped. Best raisin toast, ask for corn beef hash well done and it's perfect.
4	Came here with my friend for breakfast. We were seated immediately, had drinks delivered right away and our order was taken within about 5 minutes. Our food came out incredibly quickly as well. The eggs were a perfect over medium and the bacon was delicious. Some places undercook their bacon and it's chewy but the bacon here was crispy (not burned). All of the servers worked together so we had three different people give us drinks, take our order and refill our beverages. I thought that was great though and they really works as a team to make sure we were taken care of properly. I will definitely go back when I visit Peoria again soon!
4	My Friday Night Fish Fry to go place. The fish is beer battered and cooked right with huge servings. I opt for the fries which were nice and crisp bt a touch of salt after frying would bring out some flavor. The cole slaw lacks any flavor and is cabbage swimming in tasteless mayo, not very appetizing but the fish is the star and keeps me coming back almost every Friday. As busy as this place is the teamwork of the servers makes everyone feel at home and are very efficient. I highly recommend the Friday Night Fish Fry, just pass on the Cole Slaw.
5	Always amazing food.   They treat us like we are family.   The staff care about our needs and know just how we like items.   Always fast and friendly.   Love the oatmeal and biscuits and gravy.  Coffee is always refreshed ands hot.  Make sure to stop in and try the cowboy breakfast.   Yummmmmm!
5	Best fish fry ever! Great food, excellent service, friendly owners...the list goes on and on! Highly recommend that you give it a try!
2	Was in the area visiting family and decided to stop in for breakfast.  There was really nothing special about it, it was they typical breakfast and not that great.  I got the denver omelet and hash browns with a biscuit.  My omelet was really good.  The veggies and ham were cut up into big chunks, which I prefer over them being diced, eggs were cooked perfectly and there was plenty of cheese. The hash browns were the typical hash browns, however, I felt the portion was way too big.  I think I had more hash browns than I did omelet.  My biscuit was dry and very, very dense.  My husband and I are pancake freaks and we always get a side of pancakes to share with our breakfast.  I'm assuming the pancakes were over stirred, they were pretty chewy and tough.  My daughter got the breakfast burrito and said it was o.k.  Probably won't return as its on the other side of town from where I live and we were not very impressed with the food.
5	We paid our first visit to the Peoria Cafe tonight and came away extremely satisfied with our meal and our service!!  The owner's daughter took great care of us and paid special attention to our questions and requests!  The food (fish fry) was excellent and a great value!  We will be going back again real soon and will spread the word to our friends and neighbors about our fantastic experience!
2	Eggs are bad other food is pretty good.This place is nothing special, they try and are friendly but the eggs are gross, as is the coffee. Home Fries and such are pretty decent.The atmosphere is nice and homey and very country. Seats are comfortable and no real complaints. But for the most part the food is bad. I will not return intentionally
4	Nothing fancy here, just basic diner/cafe food, but they do it well. Our breakfasts were cooked perfectly and the waitstaff is very friendly.
3	Basic breakfast you can get anywhere. They didn't serve real butter, the biscuits were dense, and coffee weak. Atmosphere is nice and staff was great. I will not be bookmarking this one though
5	The food is amazing and the service is fantastic. We originally tried the place for their fish fry....it is the best I have had in a long time. Big pieces and lots of it. We then  tried the breakfast, again amazing. The work molest has so much stuff in it the you forget your eating eggs, the biscuits and gravy are just like my grandfather used to make.  Good ice tea and great coffee. Friday thru Sunday it is pretty packed but we have never had to wait more than five minutes or a table. The staff is friendly and they all work to make the experience great
2	Breakfast food is just ok, it is not very flavorful. But the biscuits are homemade and very fresh! The service is very slow and not nice. We sat on the patio for 10 minutes before anyone came out to see us. Another waitress barely gave us the time of day, we probably saw her 2 times the whole meal.
5	The food here is always good and the service is great. It has certainly grown since the last time we were here some six years back. I only wish they had a larger hot sauce selection, all they had was some red sauce in a oil dispenser. The pancakes were big and tasted good, the turkey club was tasty. I didn't like the French fries so I'll make sure to ask for onion rings next time. And the sausage patties were kinda salty. Ultimately, this is a really nice place to come with friends or family.
5	The only thing better than the food is the service.  Very family friendly and feels like home.  The service is incredible with all staff members up beat and happy and willing to help.  The fish fry was incredible and came out right away.  Portions are larger than most restaurants and the pie was very good.  I will definitely be back. And very soon.
4	I have been wanting to try this place for awhile, and it did not disappoint!  The chorizo and eggs were so flavorful, loved the fresh made salsa that came with it too!  My son had the mickey pancake and it was so cute, tasty too!  My husband had the italian sausage omelet, which was very good also. It was pretty packed when we walked in, however were seated right away.  We have been looking for a great breakfast spot near our home, and we finally found one that can stand up!   Yes!  This is a scary thing... I am pretty sure we will be regulars!
5	Went back for fish fry Friday again. Even better the second time. The fish was better, the coleslaw was better, the tartar sauce was on point. Am I going back next Friday? Yuppppppp.
2	I went in today fr a Togo order... I saw the waitress grab a biscuit with her bare hands and proceed to split it with her HANDS ! Eeeeeeew! All I could think about was what was on her hands and what she touched before she split the biscuit WITH HER HANDS!! On top of that they forgot my syrup and butter. The food was decent but nothing special.
2	I went in on a Friday for lunch, I HAD to try the fish fry after reading all these great reviews about it.  Im sad to say that I was dissapointed with the fish fry.The batter was good, but the fish didnt taste so good.The place was extremely busy, so it might just be me that didnt enjoy it; I might return and try out some breakfast, hopefully that is a little better.
4	Peoria Cafe has a small town diner feel. Good food, decent price, and friendly service.
5	I have been coming here for a little over a year now. The food is good and the staff is even better.
5	Honestly, I wasn't expecting this place to be as good as it was. I was pleasantly surprised.The food. Every piece of my food was cooked perfectly. Bacon, eggs, toast, everything. While this may not seem a big deal, but we had a big party with us, and our whole table got their food at the same time. It all looked good. Service. The lady was nice and stopped by often with drinks. Good on her. Price. Great price for better quality food than some other breakfasts chains I've been to. Overall, will come back for sure. -Coty
4	This is our local spot for breakfast or brunch. They also do lunch items but we haven't really tried that yet. Have never had a problem parking, there is an outside patio but if you go during the weekday there are often smokers out there so we stay inside. The service is consistently top notch and the staff exhibits great team work. We usually order one of the specials, my favorites are "the city" and the monte cristo sandwich. My friend got the steak and eggs on sunday and was happy with it. The coffee was great and always full!The only downside is the checks/ bill have to be taken to the pay station by the entrance and if it's a weekend crowd, the area gets kinda tight. NOT a big deal but it's a factual situation and some people aren't so patient.
