5	The only way I can think to explain this place is if you took heaven and compacted it into a pizza size and ate it.  That's what this pizza is.  Delicious.  Try potato and bacon pizza.  I think I would kick a puppy just to get a slice right now.
5	this is the best little pizza joint in tempe. located right on mill ave., it is now open LATE. they used to close down pretty early, like 10 or 11, even on weekends. so when the BF and i saw the line snkaing out of it while walking to the car from rula bula after last call, we were STOKED!it took like 20 minutes, but it was worth every second. the pizza hails from Boston, and is thin and crispy - i'm partial to the feta/tomato.a few tables and counter space, a few more tables on the small patio. you order at the counter, pay at the counter and find your own seat. nothing fancy, jsut tasty Slices.
4	I can conservatively say that Slices is one of the top five best pizza joints around the Phoenix metro. It is open super late, and this location is conveniently plopped into Old Town Scottsdale near Dos Gringo's, Devil's Martini, Acme, and a few other nighttime hotspots. The only thing keeping it from a fifth star for me is the crowd, which is almost entirely drunk frat boys. I have seen a couple fights or near fights just outside, but that is the type of thing that is bound to happen with any spot that caters to a drunk after hours crowd, especially in Scottsdale.The pizza really is delicious, and sometimes exactly what you need to soak up those shots you slammed right before close at the bar. You'll still regret that decision in the morning, but maybe slightly less with a cheesy degree of separation between you and your impending hangover.
4	This is a prime place to drink and dine. You'll usually encounter a line out the door on weekend nights, but the greasy pizza is well worth the wait. I love the chicken parmigiana, which comes with big cubes of tender chicken and oozes with cheese. Slices range from $2.50-$3 and whole pizzas are $15-$19. Slices also has a sister location on Mill Avenue in Tempe.
4	ALL YOU NY/NJ natives who know what pizza is supposed to be like, go to Slices!  The best pizza I've ever had is in NYC.  There are bread crumbs on the bottom of the slice.  Not only is it thin, it is crispy with the bread crumbs giving it zeal!  Anyway, after bar hopping in Tempe, a few months ago we stumbled upon Slices.  You know when you get shitfaced, that UPS cardboard with tomato sauce will suffice?  I couldn't believe my taste buds after I FOLDED the slice (pet peeve...people who use a fork and knife for thin pizza).  I WAS IN HEAVEN.  Next best thing to sex.  Now I didn't rate this 5 stars because the crust (bone) didn't have that same taste in NYC. I would rate this 4.5 stars if I could.  For it to be 5 star, the ENTIRE slice has to be delicious.
4	i love the Slices!!!!!!!! it's not open as late or as often as the Mill Ave. Slices, but after a night at Axis-Radius (yes, folks, remember that), i would always steer my party to this late-night jem. they always had a line straight out the door and the smallest eating arrangement. i liked that during the summer, their Parmesan cheese was put in the fridge with the bottled soda.what i don't like is parking. and what i dislike more than that is being closed on sunday.
4	Extra points for the most original topping choices offer by the slice plus they are always open late! Thin crust and delicious! My favorites are the baked potato and bbq chicken pizzas.Where else can you get lunch and a drink for under $10? Added bonus they offer a wide selection of bottled drinks for those who aren't the biggest soda fans!
