3	Renting a car isn't fun, especially when you shouldn't have to. Enterprise did ok this time around but they have their moments also. I went in to set up my car in advance, I didn't want any problems. The last time I got a car that was totally unacceptable. When I got  there I found there wasn't a car for me again. The car they tried to give me had bald tires, steel hanging out the left front tire and the wiper blades where torn. I stayed cool; I wanted to see where this was headed. The young lady found me a car just a short ways away at another dealership and we were off. This turned out good. But also ways try to do what you can do in advance.
5	Excellent service. No problems. Free upgrade and one of the sales associates took me home when she got off work.  If I need to rent another car, I will definitely come here again.
1	The only reason I rent from this enterprise, it's near my body-shop. When u enter the parking lot you see a 13 yr. old Lexus without tags and with one flat tire. When you walk in the building it appers as if someone is trying to remodel but, forgot to. Then the customer service leaves much to be desired. It seems to me that there is no urgency. In the end, they gave me a clean car but, that is the old positive.
3	We had to get a car through the insurance while our car was getting fixed. We were already having major difficulties with the insurance and were expecting to struggle with the rental company. A man named Drew helped us and was more then accommodating to us. He even changed out our original car they gave us. I'm super sensitive to smoke and perfume and this car smelled like someone tried to cover the smoke smell with perfume! But switched it out with no problem!!
4	My car was in the shop in Henderson and and it is cheaper to rent a car for a couple of days than get taxis to and from Summerlin.I checked online with Kayak and Enterprise had the best rates at this time.I showed up an hour early and I was greeted by an extremely friendly employee, Kelly. The car I reserved needed an oil change so I was upgraded to a better car. It was clean, full of gas and the process only took a few minutes. Great location , clean with a whole lot of staff and lots of seating. Good!
5	AWESOME SERVICE. fast pick up and drop off. good price...wish they were open Sundays though
3	My car was in the shop and the Volkswagen dealership ran out of loaner vehicles, so they sent me here to get a car. It was Dec. 22, so I understand everything is busier around the holidays, but it took forever to get checked in and get my car. When I finally did get checked in, I was asked if I wanted a convertible as if that would be something desirable on a rainy Vegas afternoon in December. Oh sure, sign me up. As I was inspecting the car, I didn't notice anything wrong with it so I was eager to sign the paperwork and take my new supercool ride up to get to work on time. Right before I signed the paperwork, the person checking in my car said, "Oh, and one last thing. There is a $15 young driver fee, Volkswagen will pay for everything but that one, and there's really nothing I can do about it." Thinking I was just going to pay one fee of $15, I thought that was fine. But then I realized that it was $15/day, and that my car may take up to 5 days with the holiday. I was over a barrel and he knew it, especially because I was going to be late for work. The car itself was fine. Had it been actually able to be an convertible, it would have been better, but it was fine. Somebody had been smoking in the vehicle previously, and then Enterprise had covered it up with some dank perfume. Smoke is one thing, the sweet smell of Fruity Pebbles trying to cover it up is straight nauseating. I took the car and figured out a way to return the car and only have to pay for two days of the young driver fee. However, when I turned it in, the person checking me in said that there was no reason I or Volkswagen should have to pay for me being under 25, since it isn't anyone's fault and I wasn't just renting a car to rent one. It made me feel like I was being taken for a ride by the initial guy who did my car check out, and that he personally was going to benefit from my $15/day. If I didn't even have to put up a fight about the $15/day with this other guy, I don't think I will be trusting Enterprise in the future.
1	Poor service from ChrisI call an other enterprise  outlet  and was sent to this locationIt was closer to my location.Chris would not rent me a car.Because I had a out of state  D L and I wanted to us my debit card.He would not work with me.I'm retired from the Auto Clun of So Csliforina.I worked with enterprise for years in Califorins helping our members with getting a replacement car when there car was in for repair.This guy Chris could care less.Chris it's about customer service.Service is all you have to offer.No service your customer goes down the street.I did!Called back to the first enterprise and received the best service FIVE STARS PLUSfrom the store at 534 Boulder Hwy. Henderson Nv.Please read what I like in my profile.Yes no B S I don't give it and I don't want it.Up date as 11/13/2013Why post on Yelp. No one has gotten back to me from Enterprise.
1	ok, my girl got into an accident a couple of weeks ago. The guy who hit hers insurance had us go to enterprise for a car.  She made the RESERVATION  a week ago and they informed her she would have a full size car.  Well after an hour wait they tried to push a smaller car on her to no avail.  then after another half hour i asked why did we make a reservation and we are waiting almost 2 hours for our rental.  I was told they are cleaning the vehicle.. I said for 2 hours.  Finally we got a manager Becky who was the only bright spot at this location.  She gave us a very nice chevy equinox and waived some fees and waived the gas....Guess what she got us the car in 15 mins.  I said to the other agent its not rocket science --someone makes a reservation and you make sure the car is ready BEFORE they arrive.  obviously enterprise does not know how the reservation system works .  I have to say i will not use enterprise again..
1	I have had bad service at this Enterprise.  I always have to wait,  When sent over to this enterprise from dodge service center was told I had to take a dodge or Chrysler for a rental.  Even after I call Chrysler they stated that I could take any thing they had on the lot.  Very bad service..
5	I am not sure about everyone's experience, I have always have gotten a great service in this place. Everyone is friendly, and my fav employee here MITCHELL. He made sure the car I rent is comfortable for because I do a lot of long driving. He takes time to walk me out and show me a few selection of cars that might work for me . Suuuuper good location and excellent service!
1	I feel compelled to write about my most recent experiences with the staff at the Henderson location on West Warm Springs Road.  Unfortunately, this service experience was worse than my last experience a year ago when I rented a van for personal use from the same location.  I swore I'd choose anyone but Enterprise, but my insurer selected Enterprise based upon a previous contract and the site is closer to my body shop so I conceded.My first issue:  Enterprise markets itself as a company that will pick you up and make life easy.  My experience - despite how thorough I was about what I needed, I could never get a firm commitment as to when I'd get a ride.  Because I was dealing with a body shop, I had to hop on a shuttle.  If I had called you to pick me up from my home, I know I would have received a different type of treatment.  I decided to just get a ride with my partner to the facility to retrieve my vehicle to spare the inconvenience of waiting for a bus to arrive.My second issue:  When dropping off the car, I pulled up next to a sign that says "Car Return" in the outside parking lot.  I watched an Enterprise employee working with another customer just a few feet from my vehicle (in the meantime, about 5 other cars pulled up also waiting to drop off).  After finishing his conversation with the first customer, the employee just waltzed into the building completely disregarding the LINE of cars waiting for attention.  I assembled my belongings and went inside (this is apparently a big secret).  Why you don't have a sign out front that instructs patrons to leave the car parked and go inside is beyond me.  BECAUSE your facility LOOKS like a typical airport counter, most people who are savvy enough to rent cars on a periodic basis will do the exact same thing I did.  We are not accustomed to walking inside to complete the transaction.  AND don't make us feel dumb because we do (this is where the etiquette of the staff could be elevated TREMENDOUSLY).My third issue:  Everytime I enter this location, you have a ton of people just milling around behind this partition goofing off while only one person works at the counter which appears to have enough room to service up to 6 customers at a time.  This was the case upon drop off.  I waited only a minute before a young lady identified me and took my keys.  She said she was going to go out to get the mileage and gas usage.  After a few minutes of waiting, I turned to the other counter employee and asked her why it was talking so long - apparently they drive the cars around to be washed after recording the mileage (the original person assisting me could have shared this with me so that I would have anticipated a longer wait).  When she did come back to help me, I was standing at the far end of the counter.  She parked herself at the computer on the opposite end and yelled my name out.  When I raised my hand (was I that hard to remember), she instructed me to walk all the way down to meet her (another RED flag on putting the customer first).  My check out experience was pretty expedient.  I was again instructed that I'd need to wait 5-10 minutes for a shuttle.  As I was leaving, the agent asked if I had received good customer service.  I told her absolutely no and she asked why.  I told her that if I shared it with her, I'd really want her to listen and help and not just let me vent.  She said she would.  However, when I expressed the issue I had with the lack of signage in the front, she just said "OK" in a very sarcastic, hurry this story along, I can't believe you're complaining about that type of fashion.  At that point I shut off and told her that I didn't think me giving her feedback would really change anything and I'd be leaving to wait for the shuttle.  HER ATTITUDE WAS SO HORRIBLE.  I remember talking to someone at the same location on the phone who identified herself as a manager and telling me that your employees were different because you hire college graduates.  Being a college graduate myself and hiring for as long as I have been in my own field, I'm here to tell you that if you think that makes your employees exceptional, you're wrong.   I sense a lack of passion, internal motivation, personal investment in customer satisfaction and a sense of urgency.  These qualities can be found any many workers no matter what their degree status may be.   Perhaps these college graduates think they're above making the customer happy, but I can tell you that it will impact their long term futures at the company if they don't start pitching in and helping out.  Currently, I will choose to rent from anyone but Enterprise when I travel for work or leisure. The same manager told me that this location is the busiest in town - that's their justification for slow and inefficient service.  If you know that you're going to be this steadily busy, then train your people to put some pep in their step, get rid of the apathy and treat their customers well.
5	This place is great. They went out of their way to make sure I had a pleasant experience. Some issues came up and they quickly and politely took care of it. So happy I always choose enterprise.
5	I have to say this was the most pleasant experience.  I was having THE WORST day and Morgan, the sales representative, was so nice and concerned with my problems.  Not even just being nice for customer service, but actually seemed to really care what I had to say.  He tried to make things better by putting me in a nice car and really wanted to ensure I had a good experience there.  This experience was exceptional by all means.
5	Enterprise is often! They picked us up at our hotel. The driver was very friendly. The staff in the office were awesome!  Matthew helped us and he gave us great service. Everyone was friendly and very helpful.  I come to Vegas very often and will definitely use this enterprise again.  The best part is that when we return the car all we need to do is leave it with the valet at our hotel and Enterprise will pick up the car. No waiting in lines at the office or waiting for the bus!
5	The Staff makes the difference!Manager TAYLOR SPENCER can be justifiably proud of his co-workers, because they are the epitome of outstanding customer service and yes, I certainly noticed!  They treated me with the best-possible courtesy and made me feel as if I was their most-important client.Repairs to my under-warranty 2014 Malibu required that I get a rental, paid for by General Motors, so I paid nothing at all for my car, except refueling when it was returned.The way you are treated, is a reflection on the kind of management a company has, so Area Manager MICHAEL SCHULER must be truly fantastic at what he does.And, as an aside, this review was written by a dude (now 65) who used to work as an employee for "HURTS" Rent-A-Car at the old Stapleton International Airport in Denver CO, during the late 1970s.
