4	Recently renovated, this place has a much cleaner look than before.  The produce section is large and has a good selection.  The Mountain Dairy milk here is the cheapest and is hormone-free.  No third ovary for me!Smith's sends out amazing quarterly coupons based on your spending, and they take all my internet-printed coupons.  I go here to save money for sure.
4	I've been shopping at this Smith's for almost 10 years.  I know many of the weekday employees and since I'm there regularly, most of the employees at least know me by sight and offer friendly service. Except the checkers. This would easily be a 5 star rating if not for the checkers, who are either cranky or just don't bother even looking at you.  I like the rewards program and that they offer a "self-check" area for quick in-and-out visits.
4	The layout and lighting of this store is more open and brighter than some of the other Smith's and grocery stores in general throughout Vegas.Their prices are better than the couple other grocers in our area, which offers a very limited selection for grocery purchases.This location's staff is pretty friendly and helpful when we have questions or can't find something.Their deli has a habit of advertising food specials, then never having the food available. The ads work so well I start craving the food pictured, run over to buy it only to be told, "we don't have that".
5	I just moved to the local area and this Smith's is closest to me, I have to say every time I visit this store it is a great experience. Easy to find items and always fast check out (usually self-check out) they had a great bar-b-q going on one wknd and were giving out ribs they were yum, brilliant most people were purchasing them as they were in a freezer right at entrance, including me :) Today my sister called she had the flu & needed items, so before work I whipped over to Smiths to get her OJ, soup & crackers, nothing better than being able to whip in and whip out, my sis lives around the corner from me, I was able to make sure she had what she needed and still get to work on time Whooot! Thumbs Up!
2	After the 1000th time of dealing with stupid situations in this store, I have decided to NEVER visit this one again. Too bad because it's fairly close to me, but I just have gotten to the point that I dread coming in here. One the surface you would think it's a great store, but on closer inspection I don't need the hassle.So the final straw, I go in today to buy 4 things. One of which is peanut butter and I like to buy the fresh made stuff from the machine. I go over hit the button but nothing happens. I even sit there for a bit and mess with it trying to figure out what is wrong. Now since there are peanuts, I figure I just need to find someone to un-jam it. I go over to one guy who is in the Deli and tell him my problem. I even said that I knew it might not be his department but could he find someone. He says sure. 5 or 6 minutes later, I realize that NO ONE was coming. I walk over to two guys stocking fruits. I explain the problem when one guy goes, "Oh so-and-so isn't here today so we can't fix it." No even ATTEMPT at doing a damn thing or pretending to be concerned. I respond, "It's probably just jammed. You probably just need a spatula or something like that. " I get another excuse that they never go over there and know nothing about those machines. Then one of the guys pulls a knife out and is like, "OH I have this. Would this work." At this point the other guy is still just standing there staring at me like he could careless and the one guy with the knife sounds about as useful as my shoe. I had a few words about this not being brain surgery and stormed off. I go and checkout. I ask the girl if there is a manager around. She says yes but he's on a register checking people out and won't be getting off. I'm so irritated that the manager isn't available to MANAGE his store. I just shake my head and walk away. This is on top of me CONSTANTLY having to practically fight stupid every time I bother to use a check out person and not do it myself. I use reusable bags. I bring LOTS in with me but at some point they ALWAYS try to put something in a bag. When I ask them to take it out they act all insulted and give me some stupid excuse for why it NEEDS to be in a plastic bag. Yes because those f'n plastic bags are flippin made of chlorox and will really help stop any germs or they are made of 6000 lbs of cotton and will keep things from breaking. No, they are cheap , teeny tiny plastic bags and do nothing but cause more trash. And seriously, WTF does this happen EVERY SINGLE TIME. I even had one kid ask me if I wanted to bag my own groceries. I had a few words with him that he didn't like. On top of things being broken and the staff being about as useful and intelligent as a rock, they also tend to be out of stuff. I haven't seen proscuitto in forever and they only carry one kind of smoked salmon. I found my trip to the Smith's over by the District yesterday to be MUCH more enjoyable and will probably start going there from now on out.I have shopped almost exclusively at Kroger brand stores my entire life. I've never had the kind of frustrations and headaches that I have at this store. Besides, it isn't in a great part of town so I'll be happy to stay off that side from now on out.
4	I've never had any problems with this store. The produce is always fresh, the meat is good quality and there are many options for specialties that you can't find at all Smith's. The employees are always helpful and friendly. I go there a lot since I live live nearby, and it has started to feel like a small grocery store because people recognize you. The other great thing I like is that the prices are always reasonable. I didn't realize how much cheaper items are in Smith's until I stopped at an Albertson's the other day. OUCH! Yup, I'll continue to shop at Smith's a couple of times a week. It's my store.
3	How do I review this location without sounding bias? I absolutely loved the location on Tropicana and Hualapai when I lived in Summerlin. It was so clean...I mean CLEAN! Oh how I loved that location!To compare this location with that one would be unfair, because there is ABSOLUTELY no comparison!This store just totally misses the mark for me. It has the great prices that you'd expect from a Smitty's, but it's just not clean and inviting. Every time I come here, I just want to get in and get out. My Summerlin location I could stay in for hours and never want to leave! At the end of the day, it serves its purpose being so close to home. But if I can, I'll shop the one on Green Valley Parkway and the 215 more often. That one is the closest to my old Summerlin location that I've found in this area.
2	This stores overall cool and I've been a regular customer for some time, but I just wanted to share an experience I had that kinda upset me. I brought a $25 dollar gift card for my dad for Fathers day for Applebee's (Hey, they like eating there, don't judge!) and when they went to go use it, it didn't work. Apparently one of the workers didn't activate the card. So I went back and tried to explain and got the "No receipt, can't do anything" spiel. That totally sucks, because by the time my parents used it it was like two months later and Im not in the habit or hoarding grocery receipts. So I'll just have to bite it and be a little more cautious where I buy gift cards. Bummed out my Sunday.
4	Smiths remain my favorite of the big three as they have the best meat quality and selection and the deli counter cuts larger slices and has better tasting cold cuts.   This Smiths is very clean and the staff is helpful and friendly, even when you have to send something back for a price correction, holding up the whole line.There is rarely a wait at the registers lasting longer than 5-10 minutes and you can self checkout.  The store layout actually makes sense.  They usually have product samplers out at night and on weekends and they have a wine guy sampling wine and even offering samples. I only wish the pricing was consistently better. Like all supermarket chains they have sales that change regularly and sometimes have great deals but when an item is not marked down, it tends to be more costly than the same item at other stores.
4	I do not live close to the store by any means. I am only a few blocks from Albertson's but I would never go there, not for only one item needed in desperation. Smiths on the other hand is worth the trip. A friendly clean store that is easy to navigate. They always have what I need and their prices are very reasonable.
4	This Smith's is not the closest to where we live. However, we often find ourselves driving the extra distance for the greater variety of products. Pros:- store is clean- produce and dairy are fresh- improved variety versus the Smith's that's closer to where we live- sells our favorite brand and type of milkCon:- less selection of deli meats vs Smith's on Green Valley Parkway
3	It's a grocery store. Nothing more, nothing less. I used to shop at the Albertsons on green valley but switched because the service is a little better and it's a little closer to where I live. The layout of the store is a little weird at first, but after you get used to it, it's not to bad. I liked Albertons layout better. The prices are pretty standard and the service is okay.One big thing that I love about the place is near the fruit section there is a little enclave of various things that are a "you get whatever quantity you like." I get my brown rice exclusively from there. They also have candy, fresh peanut butter, agave, granola, etc. and plenty of different containers to put them in. That is my favorite part.Their "fresh meat" section is less than desirable and I don't trust it in the least. A lot of the time, the meat looks like it has been sitting out for awhile. blech.
1	After ten years of this being my grocery store because I shop Krogers in the midwest.  I am fed up with this location.  Many snarky comments and horrible service time after time.  Today, I returned a full bag of potatoes because I had to throw five away before peeling five that had worm holes and I just threw half a bag away last week.  So after waiting at the customer service line (aka pay your bills that have nothing to do with grocery shopping), the lady politely refunds my $4 bag of rotten potatoes.  The guy then comes over, grabs them and snarkly says "rotten, ha, not".  He proceeds to carry them past two more workers, says look at these "rotten" potatoes.  Then I was headed to produce and he carries the potatoes past yet another employee, saying "ha, look at these "rotten" potatoes, a customer returned".  I called him out on it and said, I was the customer that returned the potatoes and I heard all of his exchanges and he walked away ignoring me and denying it, while the other employee was trying to hide the smile on his face.  On another occasion, the check out clerk called me "one of those" when I presented my coupons.  On another occasion, they had no lines open and said I must request a line to be open or use the self checkout.  I am too upset to keep going with the "thanks for being a customer" one liners, I have received from the employees of this location.  So glad I found yelp and no longer send emails to managers that just don't care.
5	Since moving we've really come to miss this Smith's. We had been coming here for 2 years before moving. They just recently remodeled and it looks so amazing! They really did a great job. The new sushi section looks great. All the workers at this Smith's are so friendly and helpful. This is way different in comparison to any other Smith's I've been to. I love the sushi chef at this location too. He's so helpful when it comes to picking your sushi. We really wish we still lived on this side of town b/c you don't know how good you have it until it's gone. Now we have another Smith's near our new home downtown but it's just not the same and the Albertson's near us is the worst!We really like the organic meat section at Smith's which is non-existent in Albertson's. They also have a growing natural section that after the remodel has become an entire aisle. Their fruits and vegetables also appear to be if a better caliber than most other markets.
4	This location has gone through a complete overhaul. It looks fantastic in here now! I feel so comfortable shopping here. So clean, neat, organized and high class. A far cry from what it used to look like. The produce section looks amazing now with the laminate flooring and reorganization. The new signs and fresh coat of paint throughout the store, inside and out, make it look like an entirely different store. It's absolutely beautiful and a pleasure to shop now. I will be back more often.Now for the bad news. I guess they had to pay for the upgrade somehow. Certain items here are WAY OVERPRICED now!! Wow!!! Vegetarian frozen food is jacked up way high, and so were other items. Ridiculous! But their sale items cannot be beat. Can't wait until enough suckers buy these newly overpriced items to offset the cost of the overhaul so that they can return to their normal, decent prices.
3	Someone else here said that it's a grocery store. Nothing more. Nothing less. However, I disagree, places like Whole Foods, Sprouts, Trader Joe's, and (yuck) Fresh & Easy have upped the ante. Grocery shopping is no longer what is was in 1977...people want organic, free range, grass fed non GMO food. This Smiths is better than most, not as good as some (I prefer the Valle Verde/215 store, great wine selection!), it's okay n a pinch. Why the 3 stars? It has an "odor" to it. Perhaps that is why I feel the need to get in, get out, and NOT linger. It's okay. Get rid of that scent, add to the wine/cheese selection and that would be an improvement.
