4	I love the Triple Play!  A hot towel on your face and a quick scalp massage after your cut.  Makes my bald pate happy and shiny!
1	After doing the movies and the mall I had to stop and get a script which was right next door to this place so I asked my bf if he wanted to try them out. We came in and it seemed like a cool place, clean and well lit etc. I personally thought the girl that took our info was super bitchy and rude but aside that he said it was ok (which is what the 3 stars is for, had it been me...1 star for sure, I mean this chick asks us for my bf's name 3x so she can enter it into the system (after we tell her we've never been there AND  asked their prices)  before she will even tell us a price?! Wtf! So yeah, nothing to write home about. He also noted they are NOT a barber shop....they can't shape or line him up the way he wanted so yeah...keep your hot towel and shitty service and I will keep my money.Update: 7/27/2010 - Star rating is now at a 1 (was at a 3).So he decided to go back (it was close and he didn't want to wait to go to his regular place) and again, horrible service - this time we waited 35min before they called the guy who came in 20min after us and then we are sitting there while the "ladies" that work their figure out who's name they got wrong....finally he gets his cut ane he said he does NOT like that place and is never going back - period.
5	I drive past another Sports Clips to go to this one and it's worth it.  Everyone is always friendly, the lines aren't too bad and the store is always clean.  Ask for Kellie.  She is the best.  I am sure the other girls are very good, but Kellie is awesome.
1	0 stars if I could, sheenas did my boy dirty and nicked his head out of control, look at the photos to confirm. This place should shut its doors after how low they did my boy.
5	I've been going here since I moved here from Houston.  For eight of the 13 years I lived there, I had the same lady who cut my hair at the one close to my house there.  And for the past three years, I've gone to this location, I've been through a handful of stylists and some were ok, and some were not for me.  However, I FINALLY found one who is as good as the lady I had in Houston.  Her name is Kacy, and she is outstanding!  She is very friendly.  She does a great job, especially on the shampoo part (so get the MVP).  Now the best time to go is mornings or middays.  If you between 4pm and closing (7:30pm), you are liable to wait awhile.  Today I had to wait all of two minutes.  Unlike the rest of the businesses on the Mall Ring Circle, this one gets high praise, thanks to Kacy!
5	Today was my first experience having my hair cut here and I must say not only are the ladies beautiful but they do a great job. Thank you Barbie
