4	In the Pineville area and need a quick breakfast meeting meal for the office? Here you go! Call ahead and within 15 minutes, your dozen bagels (sliced) and Box of Coffee is ready to go. Comes with 2 cream cheeses and the staff was very friendly about the order. Sometimes places, during breakfast, get irritated with large orders like this...not here. The place was busy and they were very helpful. The inside was larger than expected too!
5	I came here for the first time and was so happy they could customize my bagel to be healthy by making it skinny (cutting a chunk out of the middle making it thinner) and using egg whites.  It was warm, fresh and tasty.Next I thought I would try one of their Green Mountain coffees - the Island Coconut flavor.  I know what your thinking but stop right there .... give it a whirl.  Wow it is good!  I got so excited about it I craved it for a whole week.Its such a nice change to a greasy fried breakfast.  I'm glad I went and I will be back!
4	I would definitely need some bad service for a bagel place to get less than four stars from me. Bruegger's has always been my go to bagel chain. Wow...did I just say I have a "go to bagel chain"? Dang...I guess I did. The bagels are fresh, the coffee is better than average and you can get less bagel (skinny) for fewer calories. Who am I kidding, who eats bagels with cream cheese if they're counting calories?The service at Bruegger's has always been good and the food has always been consistent.Try: The sun dried tomato bagel with plain cream cheeseAvoid: The fortified brick foundation bagel (like you went to Bruegger's for health food!)
4	This place is an awesome!The bagels are fresh, hot and delicious! I've tried several flavors including whole wheat, sesame and asiago cheese but my favorite by far is the everything bagel! It's delicious with so many different flavors!They have a great combo option which includes a bagel sandwich and either soup or a salad and some chips. It's a great deal for only $6.99.Also, great news is that on Wednesdays they have a Baker's dozen for $5.99 and that's a great deal for 13 bagels!The employees are friendly and the food is great and its a great option for breakfast or lunch!
3	I have mixed feelings about Bruegger's but I still keep coming back here, quite regularly in fact.Favorite thing about Bruegger's? The Jalepeno Cheese speciaty bagel. Yummy, chewy, cheesey, and spicy... all at once! Sometimes I get it with just cream cheese, sometimes as a breakfast bagel with egg. But usually I get it with hummus, veggie cream cheese, and lotsa fresh veggies.Worst thing about Bruegger's? I think it's over priced. The hummus sandwich mentioned above it around $5. It just seems like a lot for what It is. They actually used to have this sandwich as a menu item back in the day, but now I have to itemize it and I guess that's what jacks up the price.I know it's a fast food of sorts, but most of the employees here are young airheads who look at me like I'm crazy when I ask for hummus (because maybe no one else orders it?) Give me a big smile, courtesey and a little enthusiasm when you're taking my hard earned money... please?Oh, and the decor/cleanliness could use a little UMPH.
3	Brueggers Bagels when hot and fresh the bagel are good. I don't like the fact that they ask if you want the bagel toasted that is already hot or warm. Being from Jersey this is not a question asked in the early morning hours by any of the bagel shops. They really rip you off with their drink prices so grab a water at the gas station and save a buck.
5	Great bagles and great ciabatta! We had one of the breakfast bagles with bacon, one with salmon, one specialty bagel and a chicken-pesto ciabatta. All is made to order and 100% fresh! We loved it! But keep in mind, that the quality makes it a little bit more expensive ;-)
1	Cream cheese skimp alert!! We pay ~$7 per smoked salmon bagel and they put the cream cheese on like people butter their toast. They have no clue what the word "toasted" means. It really is just warming the bagel. The lox bagels are not even made open face. Not going back again.
5	Admittedly, the grump factor is high in some of my Yelp reviews.  In my defense, that's because my priority when reading others' reviews is to take note of the bad places and avoid them and I try to return the favor.That said, I'm happy to click five stars for this location and would give them a sixth if I could.  Unfailingly helpful, polite, friendly and efficient, the crew lineup at this store has been remarkably stable - it makes one confident of getting the same excellent product and service regardless of the day of the week and despite the brutal early morning hours including weekends.  They are never shorthanded.The bagels themselves are unmatched in the local market and in the Bruegger's chain overall.  The whole 'thank you baker' routine is a bit contrived but this one deserves the gratitude from staff and customers alike.I'm not crazy about have to stand in a queue to get a quick bag of bagels and a to-go coffee waiting for others to place intricate eat-in orders but that's generally a problem only on the weekends.This location has the self-serve coffee bar which also saves time and headaches for all.I'm roughly equidistant from a few Bruegger's locations.  I occasionally visit other locations and am consistently disappointed, especially in the Park Road store (see other review). I'm a slow learner, I suppose, but grateful that one location does it right.
