3	This South End American Apparel location has a pretty good selection of clothes. As with most trips to American Apparel, though, there are plenty of dresses and skirts I want, but I don't end up buying anything. I just can't justify paying $40 for a basic jersey skirt. Or $30 for a T-shirt. It's a good store for basics - and they offer the same shirt, etc., in ever color of the rainbow. American Apparel also sells plenty of ridiculous things such as unitards and gold tights, etc. I have yet to see even the biggest most outlandish hipster wear a silver glittery unitard from AA.
3	I was kinda surprised to come upon an American Apparel store, but its location makes sense: it's in the up-and-coming Camden/South End area, which is super hip and trendy (or so its inhabitants think, at least). This is a pretty nondescript version of an AA store, but it's still pretty cool. Tons of gear, all laid out in a very pleasing manner. When I was in there, it was packed with young folks, which makes sense. I don't really get the appeal, either: nice stuff, yeah, but super duper expensive given that all you're getting is a plain T. Not a huge fan of the employees there--kinda smug and not that friendly, but whatever. I expected as much.
4	The American Apparel Store in SouthPark Mall isn't even worth a visit but this location is a different story. If you're looking for basics and solids - for layering or stand alone, this is the place to shop. They have a large selection on men's, women's and unisex wear. Need a tee? They have scoop neck, v-neck, long sleeve, short sleeve, dolman sleeve, long, cut off, you name it. They also have sweaters, scarves, leggings on so on. I found the staff to be friendly and helpful.MOST importantly? As implied in the name - everything is Made in the USA. That's worth a few extra bucks in my book.
3	Dear South End,I would like more retail in my 'hood. Please. Thanks.Love, MeRegardless, while American Apparel is just dandy for a basic (American made) tee of any kind and a smattering of sometimes random gear (sparkly leggings, multi-wear dresses, billowy tops, swimwear, etc.) it doesn't completely satisfy my need to shop in South End. The quality of the pieces here is decent, and I'll echo Veronica O's statement that I don't mind paying a few extra bucks for American made products. Expect to pay $20-$30 for a super comfy tee, $30-$50 for a jersey dress, and $10-$15 for accessories like stretchy, vibrant headbands and sustainable water bottles. The staff have always been cheery and helpful whether I'm looking for a specific blue v-neck shirt or attempting to complete a Halloween costume with gold tights. Be aware that parking can be a bit challenging and I have seen folks towed around that area. Read the signs and park with caution! Happy shopping. Go USA.
4	I get that some people find this store too expensive or hipster for their liking, but I love it. I like to think that I'm at least helping the economy by purchasing American made products that have fair wages. The clothes are also super comfy and durable making them worth the price for me. They have a good selection of basics in every imaginable color, and some offbeat stuff too. The employees have always been helpful when I go have a visit even if I don't buy anything compared to the SouthPark location where sometimes I get ignored until I get to the cash register.
4	American Apparel is Cool!  I like the South Park store, though this store is so much better - More Romantic and Bigger.  You can still get Male "Speedo" type swim wear, Yay!!! and YEAH!!!  Sorry Guys!  Very friendly staff!
