4	Replaced my watch battery while I waited. Quick, effective, less than 10 bucks. That's cool.  Seemed to have a fairly nice collection of rings, etc as well.
3	Went in for a watch battery and wound up pissed that I already had gone to Jared for something for my wife for Christmas.  Brownlee seemed to have a better selection for her tastes.  Not sure about the prices though and take Stephen K's review as instructive on the subject.
4	Brownlee is a Charlotte staple, I've purchased a few items from here over the years and I recently had to get some jewelry repaired and needed a quote and they were very helpful in advising me on how to keep my jewelry in good condition and quoted me a fair price as I expected to have to pay more.  I must admit I love the convenience of this location being close to work and I've always had great service from them as well.
5	I've always had wonderful experiences when shopping at this jewelry store.  Harold Diamond is the salesman I deal with, and he has consistently provided me with first-class service, an extremely pleasant selling style, and jewelry pieces that I will enjoy for the rest of my life.  I live in Georgia, but buy all of my fine jewelry from Harold.  It is worth the drive.
2	I went in yesterday to have a new battery put in my watch.  I chose this location because I work uptown and it is very convenient.  There was a gentleman already there being waited on that was picking up a watch and another gentleman there waiting to be helped.  The sales guy and the first gentleman were discussing the "quality" of his knock-off Rolex and the sales guy wanted to show the gentleman a watch he thinks he would be interested in.  He asks him to wait a moment while he gets the second gentleman's watch. New clasp, not the brand name, saved him $20, all great, paid cash, transaction complete.  Now, I get noticed.  I say I need a new battery.  He asks if I can come get it tomorrow.  First off, you need a full day to do maybe 5 min of work??  OHHH right!  The first watch guy.  He wants to get back to him, so he can sell him another knock-off Rolex.  Awesome.  So begruggingly I agree.  Says "Same time tomorrow".  Great.  At least it is nice weather, and I get to take another walk tomorrow.  Fast forward 24 hours.  I walk in today.  Three sales men!! Wow! Where was this service yesterday?  So I walk in and new sales guy mumbles if he can help me.  I hand him my ticket and he goes to the place they keep the repairs.  The original sales guy is standing in the middle of the floor, bluetooth in ear and magnification goggles on his head.  He makes eye contact with me and makes a face like "Oh crap".  A few moments later I figure out why when I see new sales guy sitting at the repair location and him banging on my watch.  Yeah, so they took over 24 hours to replace a watch battery.  So not only did I have to drop it off because I was not an important customer, but when I came back to pick it up I had to wait for it to actually be fixed.  This did give me time to look around the store.  They have some new stuff and some estate stuff.  All wildly overpriced.  I paid $10 for a watch battery that likely would have cost me $2 if I went to CVS.  So joke is still on me.  I will not be going back there.
