5	I. WANT. EVERYTHING! EVERYTHING!If that's not only child enough for you, then picture this, pouting that I can't have it all!  I mean, I seriously love everything this store has.  For those who don't know, this store is the "sister" store of Jupe Boutique in the South Side.  I'd say this store is pretty much the same merchandise wise, which isn't a bad thing, because I love Jupe equally as much!  The majority of the merch here is not the same as Jupe, but there are some repeats.  I just love whoever buys for this store because the things I see here, I'm not seeing in the malls.  If you shop here, you'll truly get something that not many people have.  I'm very into feminine stores, and I feel like this store is super girly, with tons of dresses, skirts, blazers, cardi's as well as unique jewelry, purses and scarves.  The first day I visited I bought an adorable brown & black polka dot 50's styled dress and a tweed brown belted jacket.  This is a fabulous edition to the Lawrenceville area and fits right in with all the other fantastic shops on Butler...I will be seeing you soon beautiful clothing, don't worry!
5	OH, how I love Pittsburgh's boutiques.  This is no exception.  From the folks who own Jupe, we have Panello.  Same great affordable stuff, same great jewelry selection, same great customer service.  Love.  Recommend going!
4	I stopped at Panello for the first time a few days ago and I really liked what I saw. I can be a pretty picky shopper, but I enjoyed their selection and prices. Although I didn't walk out with any purchases, I went with my mom and she bought a dress and t-shirt. I plan to shop there again and want to check out the sister store Jupe sometime soon too!
5	I love this little boutique !  The owner searches for the latest styles and there something for everyone young and older!  I just bought the cutest dress with a cut out in the back! I can't wait to wear it!  The shop also carries some really nice jewelry and purses ! And she also carries some candles that smell fabulous! It a great place to find something unique!
3	Jupe is a fun little boutique! I checked out the store over Labor Day weekend while my friend was visiting. Though I did purchase a cozy sweater that will be perfect for the fall, I really didn't see anything else that I liked. I know that it's a transitional time of year from summer to fall, but I wasn't impressed with the store's visual merchandising. A lot of bright colors and prints were merchandised with warm, fall neutrals. However, I'd definitely be willing to come back and check them out again in the future.
