4	This is a great Greek restaurant tucked away in a large strip mall at 7th street and Greenway.  They food is always good.  Try the Chicken Kabobs or the Chicken Gyro for a nice change.  The usual Greek fare is also good.  The hummus is just right and the falafel is a great appetizer.The service is always attentive but the place does get busy at times.  There is also a nice seating patio that is shaded.They do a nice take away business that is very convenient if you call ahead!
4	This place redeemed my love of servers last night (read Lola Tapas review). The service was amazing. Our server was attentive, sweet and is the only man to ever call me buddy constantly without it being annoying. Oh did I mention his lovely singing voice? He was having a good time.Anyone who knows me knows that I love me some gyro and their food was delicious. The tsaziki sauce is flavorful and dilly, the gyro meat tender and the hummus was perfect.The atmosphere is cute, big anough to feel roomy, small enough for cozy. I will definately return here!
1	There are so many good places to get Greek food in Phoenix.  You should go to one of those places because this is not one of them.  The place is VERY overpriced for what it is.  The cheapest meal was $12, and the most pricey was $43.  They had a few Greek wines and  a few California wines on their list.  Wine was not particularly impressive, yet they were charging $6 for a glass.  Some of the wines were things I have purchased for less than $4 a bottle. The restaurant is located in a plaza behind a Wendy's and next to a Kinko's.  The interior is an uninviting cross between your elderly Aunt Ethel's white 1980s vacation condo and an ice cream shop.  Everything is white, cold and hard..... and it echoes.The food was mediocre at best.  We started with the Dolmades, which tasted like packaged food.  They were far to lemony.... almost on the verge of a fermenting flavor, and were very mushy.  The pita bread that was served with them was good.  That pita bread turned out to be the best part of the meal.  We opted for Greek Spaghetti, and a Gyro plate.  First we were served salads.  Greek salads are usually full of cucumber, tomato, feta and olives.  Our salads were almost completely devoid of these ingredients.  Our salads were almost completely iceberg lettuce, white onion, and green bell pepper.  The salads were fresh, but very dry, as if the lettuce had never been washed... had been cut, then left  out til the edges dried out.  The spaghetti was prepared to the proper firmness, but the seasoning was unimpressive.  It was buttered with an excessive amount of garlic, then tossed with tomatoes.  There was supposed to be feta cheese in mine.  I counted the little chunks.  I didn't have to count very high. There were 2.  To be fair, I did see another table had been served the same thing.  I wouldn't have known it except I asked.  Their Greek Spaghetti looked nothing like the bowl which we were served.  I'm guessing that consistency is not a strong thing here.I expected that the gyro plate would be good.  Gyro meat in Phoenix is not prepared on site.  It is ordered from a supplier and roasted at the restaurant.  I figured there was less opportunity for it to be bad.  I was wrong.  It was very bad.  There were no nice crispy edges.  It was undercooked and sliced too thickly. What a disappointment.The only redeeming quality was the patio, which was fairly well tucked away from the street, considering the surroundings, and the waitress.  The waitress was very pleasant and gave excellent service.  Too bad the food was not good enough to get me to return.
4	I am hesitant to review the Greek Patio because I am afraid it will grow in popularity. I love our quaint go to Greek place. We have been visiting the patio for the past couple of years and it is never a disappointment. The kabobs, gyros, Greek spaghetti, Greek salad, saganaki, and everything else we have tried has been tasty. The space is small and quaint and sometimes they get carried away with the Mediterranean dance music, but the service is always prompt and courteous and the place is always clean.
5	This is hands down the BEST Greek food in AZ. I've been coming here now for a couple of years with my family, and their food has never once let us down. Saganaki is AMAZING, just amazing. The same guy is always there and he's super cool and friendly. Outdoor seating, indoor seating,  and it's never REALLLY busy. . .but I won't eat anywhere else because, well, why try to change a good thing? :)
4	Their rendition of taboule ($6.49) is mostly parsley and a little light on the wheat and mint. Still, a refreshing starter and definitely enough for two or three people.I come here for the souvlaki sandwich, a generous portion of cubed, marinated pork bundled in a pita topped with onions, tomatoes and tzaziki. The sandwich ($7.99) is served with fries, which I like to dip in the tzaziki too!The baklava ($2.99) is OUT OF THIS WORLD! Soaking in a delicious rose water syrup... yummmmmmm!!!
2	Summary: stingy on the feta cheese and too much use of dried spices.We started off our meal with a hummus app and 2 glasses of house wine (only $1.99/glass during happy hour, M-F, 4-7PM). No complaints about the wine and the hummus was decent.Next up we received our Greek salads. Not much feta in the salad, not much cucumber, not much green pepper (I think there was one in mine).For the main course, I ordered up the Greek spaghetti, which is one of my favorite Greco dishes. Again I was subjected to the attack of the missing feta, as they sparsely graced my plate with a few blocks of the good stuff. The pasta also had a good amount of dry spice mixed in with it, which wasn't very pleasing to eat.I really wanted to like the Greek Patio, especially since it's close by to my house, but due to the issues above, I'll be sticking with the Golden Greek and My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. It's worth the drive for me.
4	I'm apparently not as big into Greek as some of the others have posted, but I can honestly say anyone who's given this place less than three stars probably just expected too much. I had the best Greek salad that I've ever had, and I will agree with one review that it was definitely too light on the feta. The service was great, food was excellent, and while it may have been a bit on the pricey side I felt as though it was a great value. Not one of the places I would take out-of-towners and rave about, but a great little spot to hit for lunch.
2	Jones'n for a bit of greek apps on a patio.. I end up here.. We got the greek sampler app plate.. Hummus was great.. but dont be so stingy with it, GP! Taziki was the same.. The pita got hard as it sat.. Maybe it had been micro'd too long.. blech.. The dolmades.. ugh.. no.. Im picky with those.. and they are my fav since I visited Greece & practically lived on them.. to avoid other things that I didnt care for.. :-) SO dont try and pass a canned tasting slimy dolmade on me.. The staff was sweet..couteous.. but thats about all Im gonna rave on..
1	I used to really like this place but it has changed hands and the service has plummeted.  Visited last week and our server could not have showed any more contempt for her customers.  The senior person was chatting up two friends at the bar and ignoring the 2 whole tables occupied.  Afte slapping our food down our server went outside to smoke a couple cigarettes not returning until we were finished with two empty wine and water glasses.It's a shame, I used to like seeing the owner here, he was a engaging attentive soul who kept his staff on task...Maybe use it for take out??
4	Delicious and generous portions, decently priced. Definitely a repeat
4	I can't believe I haven't tried their food sooner, it was so good.  Ok, I can't spell it but the baba ganush was to die for.  Just a little bit of a bite to it, perfect.  The gyro plate was loaded to the brim with lamb and rice and was really good.  I had plenty of leftovers to take home and eat the next day.
3	On my way home the other day I passed by Greek Patio. I was starving and wanted something different. I like Greek food, but hardly ever get it. I ordered the chicken gyro which was good.  I could have used extra sauce.The only difference I could tell between the chicken gyro and a regular gyro was the color. I didn't like the baba ganoush.Because GP is so close to my apartment I'll go there again. I like the outdoor patio.
3	I've not been real big on Greek food, but this place was good! I got the Souvlaki Sandwich (which came w/ good fries) & the Baklava (YUM) Unfortunately, I don't remember what my friend ordered, but we thoroughly enjoyed it! Servers were very friendly. I agree, they're light on the feta & rely a bit much on the dried spices. Overall, good & I would go again :)
4	I really like this place.  Generous portions, good service, always keep my water or ice tea glass filled.  If I lived any closer I'd be there once a week for sure.
4	I ordered the falafel lunch platter and was very happy I did. The portions are generous and the falafel was excellent! I will go back, regulary. My sister got the chicken lunch platter. I tasted the chicken and it too was good. If you want a meatless meal, the falafel is the way to go. Umm, I wish I had some right now.
4	This was my second trip to Phoenix, and nothing sounded better on a warm spring day like a tasty Greek lunch. I was not disappointed here! I ordered the chicken shawarma and a side of french fries for $6.99. The shawarma chicken was lightly seasoned with Mediterranean spices (perfect for a light lunch), and served in a fluffy warm pita with fresh tomatoes, onions and tahini. This pita was much larger than I expected for a lunch portion, but delicious none the less. The flavors of this dish completely satisfied my craving for a Mediterranean style lunch. It left me curious, and wanting to try other pitas and dishes on the menu. The patio seating was nice, cool and laid back. I'll definitely be back again soon, and I'm excited to try the spanikopita next time!
5	Great food! Tasted home made and authentic!!
2	Food is not bad. Not sure how much they make onsite, seems like they just assemble it.
2	What happened to the fantastic food I used to get here?? My sister and I split the falafel lunch platter the other day and the quality and taste wasn't there. The pita was thin, the cucumber sauce was watery, and the dressing for the salad was little more than vinegar. The falafel and rice tasted the same, but everything else pretty much sucked! There were green olives in the salad when there used to be Kalamata olives. Unfortunately, we won't return.
1	Not sure what you did, but stop it. The tahini sauce tastes like buttermilk. The pita which used to be thick like a pancake is now as thin as a crepe. I don't know if you have new owners, new cooks, but knock it off and return to normal.You've lost a customer.
1	Hankering for a saganaki, I ordered a carry out from Greek patio.  What I got instead was burnt cheese the had to be cut with a steak knife and tasted like ash.  :(
5	i eat here all the time! best food ever! called to ck the hours, no answer! are they closed? please reply anybody! im hearthbroken. lol.
1	This location was closed by the landlord.  Very disappointing.  Enjoyed eating there before.
