3	Unlike the experience Christopher M had, my friends and I seemed to find Les Suites Labelle exactly as advertised.Every time either of us used the shower there was plenty of hot water and we didn't get a whiff of any smoke, but I suppose that really depends on the people who happen to be staying in the rooms and whether or not they decide to smoke.The hotel is in a very convenient spot within a quick stride to the metro and various other services.I've stayed at a variety of hotels in a variety of major cities and it isn't particularly uncommon for the tightly packed buildings and hotels to have single ramp in/out parking.  We were in a Jeep and made it down perfectly fine, but perhaps that just depends on the comfort level of the driver.There's plenty of mirrors to see around the blind corners and unless you're driving like an idiot there really shouldn't be any issues.If you wake up early enough there's a breakfast, but come on you're in Montreal there's plenty of great eats available.Rooms were definitely clean and as long as you don't mind it's location being immediately across from bland buildings and a parking lot, then it's actually in a prime location and a great value for being easily accessible to many of the surrounding attractions and eateries.
4	If you are looking for an economical and comfortable stay in a centrally located area of Montreal, Quebec, I highly recommend Les Suites Labelle.At $95/night, you will be one block from the Berri Metro Hub of Montreal and four blocks from historic old downtown. The rooms are spacious, clean, many contain views and there is a kitchenette. The breakfast is served hot, with all you can eat eggs, sausages, potatoes and fruit. Wifi is free and there are two computers in the lobby that can be utilized to search the internet. The attendants are very helpful; they speak both French and English. There is free parking on the local streets if you are willing to walk a couple blocks and understand the French signs.Overall my stay at Les Suites Labelle was very pleasant.
4	This is a great economical value! I had a single room with flat screen tv, microwave, refrigerator, and stove top. The cupboards had cutlery, dishware, pots/pans, and cooking utensils. The location is good, though it is a little hard to find (Rue LaBelle is odd in that it only exists south of Rue St. Catherine and it looks quite desolate). The metro is close and there are yummy restaurants and fun clubs nearby. Everything was clean and nice for only about $100 per night. The one drawback for me was the exercise room, which had a few pieces of out-dated/broken equipment. If exercise is important to you or you want to do it during your trip, stay somewhere else.All in all, I had a great experience with this place! It made me definitely want to go for hotels that have mini-kitchens (cooking a few meals at the hotel = big money saver and super convenient). Next time I'm in Montreal, I think I'll try out a different location (just to see a different scene), but I wouldn't mind staying here again.
3	Considering the fact that it was Christmas Eve and no other places had vacancy...Les Suites Labelle was our only choice other than Hotel Roberval (review to be written shortly). The room was decent, bathroom was large and clean, kitchen was fully equipped which was great minus the fact that they would charge $20 extra if you don't wash your dishes! Which we didn't know until we were checking out so I had to run back up and wash the 2 plates and utensils on the sink! (Ridiculous, I think). Worst part was it's underground garage that had a nearly impossibly narrow ramp and very sketchy door/stairway to get out onto the street. The front desk lady was very friendly and helpful, however which slightly made up for whole experience.
2	The description written next to 2 stars in yelp says "Meh. I've experienced better" and that is more accurate than the current yelp rating. I was surprised to see it was so high. Prices must have increased or something since previous postings - it was definitely more than they mentioned paying.Be prepared to wash your own dishes: So not a huge deal I suppose... except that this is a hotel! The best part about staying in a hotel is not having to do dishes. And does that mean that I have to trust the previous guest to effectively disinfect the dishes prior to my use? Plus dish washing liquid was not even provided... so what does that mean? A $25 fee is charged if you do not wash your dishes. Ugh. Kinda tacky. General ambiance: My bathroom sink was cracked and a brownish-yellow tub stopper was provided for the tub. The mattress did not provide much support and the top cover had stains. Sheets appear very clean, though.Location: As a single woman that doesn't speak French well, the "rue" was more of a sketchy alley complete with broken windows, boarded up windows, broken glass and people sleeping on the sidewalks. I know it is not the hotel's fault - but it is something to be aware of. Once you get to the main street near the square, it's much nicer and walking distance to St. Denis - complete with fun/unique restaurants, coffee shops etc.The staff was very friendly - from the room service to the front desk to the breakfast room - everyone was friendly and helpful, so that is a plus!Had the price been a bit less, these things would not have been as surprising.
1	I do not know how I should start to revile this hotel. I'll try to be as unbiased as I can. First off, my dad has made a reservation on booking before he let me know. In spite of lack knowledge, I did not intend to google this hotel.  This hotel is located in downtown  that's only thing that I could say as a positive about this hotel. There's no bell boy to pick your lovage up to upstairs, you gotta carry them to your room, which pretty uncomfortable particularly you have heavy and lots luggages. Thankfully hotel has its own closed park area, however it is not available by escalators, you gotta climb stairs and go outside, thereafter you'll enter hotel. That's pretty uncomfortable in winter time though distance is short.Hotel has free wifi that's true, probably they won't mention pace internet, which is really so poor. Rooms are not clear enough. I'd not even suggest this hotel to my enemy. Stay away from it, before you regret it like me....
