2	It's been awhile since we last came to this location because they were always screwing up our orders. But being that we were babysitting and not in the mood to cook-fast-food became the obvious choice for lunch. Since we had previous issues with missing items or incorrect orders we decided to go in an order. The only special thing I asked was NO SOUR CREAM on the Fully Loaded Nachos, BUT do you think that would get right. 1st I didn't even get the Nachos, and when I did mention it they came out with a huge glob of Sour Cream just staring me in the face. I like so many others am completely reluctant to complain about food and have it redone or sent back in fear of it being defiled or spit on-Who hasn't watched "Waiting..."? So I just scooped off the SC myself and fed the hungry monsters. The food was all there but it is so disgusting with meat substance they call beef and all the DAMN beans on everything. Who the hell eats Nachos with beans-I always thought it was chips and cheese maybe add some onions,tomatoes and cilantro. All the damn beans make the chips all soggy. Why is it that the taco salad shell is so light & crispy-the best one I've eaten-but they don't use it for their tacos,etc.? I will say it was rather inexpensive $20 for 4 people but it was not Mexican food by any means. I'm not even sure what they meat like substance is they use but it is surely not any kind of beef I've ever made. This location is the same as any other-it's just Taco Bell in general that sucks!!!
3	Ok place to grab a quick bite to eat when I'm in the area.  They're always fast and accurate.  Lunch hour is the worst because huge lines at the drive thru and inside make it a nightmare.  I won't come during those hours.Will I return?  Sure.
3	I like getting the Nacho Burrito, Steak Quesidillas, and the Chicken Burrito from here with fire sauce, even though it's still not that hot.
3	The Doritos Locos Taco was just so so.  Maybe if I was younger and more impressionable(brainwashable), it might be better.
3	Good food on the run!!
3	The location is quick and friendly but let's face it, it's taco bell.
1	My boyfriend and I got food poisoning from this place.
2	Taco Bell has really been pimping out their Happier Hour specials with the rolled tacos and $1 drinks. Figured it was a safe spot to grab a late lunch/snack to share with my BF, as we'd planned on a late dinner.Ordered two of the tortilla rolls and a medium Baja Blast, and was really confused when my total came to $6. Figured maybe I was early for the HH pricing or had missed fine print somewhere. Order was out quick via drive thru.And when I pulled up at home I realized the mistake. Somehow my order was doubled to two of each of the two tortilla rolls, and a nacho wrap was thrown in. A little frustrating, since that now made a gigantic amount of food instead of a snack, and I hate wasting.But then I tried the food. And the nacho wrap was about the only thing that was edible. The tortilla rolls were two different types: a chipotle chicken flavor that was somehow just a couple of grilled chicken pieces and a ton of sour cream, then a chili cheese fry flavor that had spicy chili in an amount that seemed like it was trying to cover up the fact that the potatoes were burned. And oh yeah, there was no cheese. Weird.The Baja Blast was just meh. I'm not a caffeine fan and for some reason I thought this drink was more of an Icee/Slurpee, but it's just a flavored Mountain Dew. Even with the order being butchered and the food being subpar, I didn't expect my stomach to hurt afterward. Yet it did... and from the other reviews here, that seems to be a regular occurrence.
