5	We love Ms Emily and Dance 101.  This is a nurturing environment where kids will learn a true love of dance, and most importantly it is a fun place to be! You can tell Ms Emily loves what she does.  Try it, you will be glad you did!
4	My younger child took his first classes there this week. He had an absolute blast! Both instructors (both named Emily) were great with my child.
5	Perfect match!Our daughter has been taking ballet lessons for years, so when we had to stop sending her to classes over a year ago for financial reasons, it was a source of regret for all of us.  She really enjoys ballet and dance in general and we wanted to get her back into classes as soon as we could.Several months ago, we were driving by and our sharp-eyed Miss spots Dance 101 through the car window.  When the time came that we felt comfortable sending her to ballet again, this was the first place my wife wanted to check out.  She liked what she saw from the very start.  It was a very new place, but they seemed to have the professionalism and approach that we thought would be right for our daughter.We started her up and she clicked with her teacher right away.  The folks here are rigorous and thorough with lessons, but fun and with a laid-back attitude.  The clincher came when we went to Barry's Dance Theatre Shop in Scottsdale to get our daughter fitted for new pointe shoes.  We told him that we started her up at Dance 101 and his eyes lit up, "Oh you're seeing Emily!"  That was all I needed to hear.  If Dance 101 has the Barry seal of approval, it's good enough for me.  He's been in the biz for years and knows his stuff.If you are thinking about starting your child off in dance, this is the perfect spot.  If your child is no newbie but still needs to continue her or his education, they have a place ready for her or him here.Bringing business to great businesses is what I'm all about.  Letting all of you know about Dance 101 and places like it is the main reason why I'm on Yelp.
5	My daughter experienced her first class with dance 101 this past spring. The owner Emily is great with all her students. I looked at several places and really like the fact it's takes more time to plan out the classes for my the younger students (3's and 4's etc). For that age I want her to have fun and not worry about competitions etc. my daughter experienced both ms Emily as her teacher and ms alli. Both are awesome. My daughter never wanted to miss class and had so much fun. Before dance 101 my daughter cried at a gymnastics class every time i walked away. After one class at dance 101 she didn't cry one time and after a few months performed at the end of season recital. Love love love dance 101.
5	My daughter has been with Dance 101 for the past 3 years.  The owner, Emily, is a wonderful instructor and she runs a well organized program.  Every year in the summer, the students have a performance at Tempe High.  It is amazing to me how she choreographs and teaches 20+ different routines for 200+ kids of various ages, all the while ensuring the kids are having fun and the parents are satisfied with their child's progress.  Hats off to her....I get tired just thinking about it.
