4	This is the main location for Alternative Beverage. They have a really good selection of homebrew supplies that they seem to keep well stocked, they seem to have more at this location that at South Blvd. Employees are friendly and seem to know their stuff. It is a little frustrating that most items are not priced, so you have to keep asking, or looking at their website on your phone while you shop, especially since alot of the stuff they have in stock is not listed on the website.I have been to this location as well as the one on South Blvd, and have found the employees to be very helpful and knowledgable at both locations. Overall a very good place to get your brewing supplies...
5	I'm a beer nerd, I make my own beer (not as regularly as I should) and log and rate every beer I drink over at www.untappd.com so Alternative Beverage is pretty Utopian to me. Everything you can possibly need to make beer ,wine and spirits is here. Granted, it's a little out of the way but if it was convenient and easy then it wouldn't make it a special hobby, now would it?I've heard some people complaint about some of the owners but they've been nothing but great to me and my accomplices. This year I spent quite a few Saturdays there brewing, racking and kegging/bottling getting ready for Charlotte's Oktoberfest. All the while sharing some delicious home made beer and spirits with everyone.The store is a massive warehouse that used to be an old textile factory of some sort. The loading docks actually still has a sign that says Textile Receiving and which someone has cleverly scratched out the word Textile and replaced it with Beer.The staff is very helpful and can answer any question and make great suggestions. They keep everything from fresh malted grain and hops to specialized tubing. On Saturdays you can go brew for free using one of their kits and you get to keep half of the batch you make. Also, on that day, you are technically an employee and receive the 20% employee discount on their merchandise.If you plan to brew beer, make wine or liquor start here. You will not be disappointed.
5	I just ordered a very small batch of 6 hop rhizomes from these fine folks online.  I cannot stress enough how wonderful they were to work with.  I got a call shortly after placing my order to say that they didn't have any rhizomes of a particular variety that they felt were healthy enough to send out, so they wanted to know if there was another kind I'd like to order instead.  They also offered to ship my order via USPS instead of UPS, which saved me $8.  My order shipped, very securely packaged, the day after my order was placed and came right away.  We're very excited to plant these babies.For the value alone I'd work with these folks, but it was their commitment to sending me a healthy product I'd be happy with that has made me a customer for life.
