5	I tried hot yoga for the first time at this studio when it opened a year ago. I was hooked! Stacey, the owner, is amazing. I love the space, the colors, the people. It is my favorite yoga studio. I always feel great after a class. Jen Lee, LA, and the other instructors are fabulous. My family knows to buy me SHPY classes for my birthday, Christmas, and ... well, pretty much any occasion. :)They also have kids yoga classes. My 8 and 9 year old attended one and came out quite calm and relaxed.
5	Definitely the best yoga in the south hills, perhaps all of Pittsburgh.The owner, Stacey V. is never without a cheerful smile and has built an impressive yogi center in up-and-coming Dormont (aka: Pittsburgh's New Awesome).SHPY has incredible teachers. I am LA's biggest fan! (or at least one of many in the city). Class options are plentiful; however, only bummer is no Saturday afternoon classes are currently available. If you are considering trying hot yoga for the first time, I highly recommend this studio. This studio is exactly what the south hills needed!
5	Hot Yoga seems to be quite the cool thing to do and in the Pittsburgh Area. South Hills Power Yoga is the standard by which I judge other studios.  Wonderful  waiting area is unique and welcome.  The teachers Ihave had are all superb.  My only regret is that I do not get out here is much as I would like.They do fairly frequent workshops.  I've loved every one I have gone to.If there was a "six star" rating these guys would be the ones to get it in our little village at least.
5	Great studio, instructors, and variety. Drop in, get the new-student special, and try a few different instructors & class styles to get a feel for all that's offered here. The crowd: Refreshingly low-key. This is not Bay Area snobby yoga with everyone doing headstands and pull-ups before class starts. (There is no pull-up bar.) People are generally respectful, and don't chatter during practice. The 7:30pm classes are the most crowded, but they're not packed. No need for blue tape on the floor telling you where to put your mat. The style: Pretty much all classes are a standard Baptise vinyasa flow, which is much more athletically intense than the stereotypical sit-there-and-ohhm yoga. More on that here: http://y1now.com/what-is-baptiste-power-vinyasa-yoga/  The instructors: All great. Each has his or her own take on the style. None are robotic. Importantly, none come across as yogier-than-thou, so it's always an inviting place. The owner and the instructors are very dedicated to the practice and to the students. The Heat:  It is what it is. At 95 degrees, it's not Bikram, but it's hot. You'll sweat. Sometimes you might get light-headed and spend a few minutes in child's pose because you didn't eat a banana first. So bring a water bottle, and take rest when you need to. The pay-what-you-can classes are a bit cooler, around 80-85 degrees.The Price: Not the cheapest yoga studio. But the price includes a hand towel, filtered water, a block, and that high-quality mat cleaner spray. Not to mention a 95-degree room. This stuff isn't cheap. There are student, teacher, and military discounts; as well as 30 and 90-day all-you-can eat packages.tl;dr it's great. Go.
5	I love this place! I lived a few blocks away and was nursing a fractured foot. But my doctor cleared me to do yoga so I started tottling over here a few days a week. The teachers are so knowledgable and friendly. Stacey, the owner of the studio, is professional and kind. The building is very clean and nicely designed and decorated.There is a great mix of classes at different levels and there are awesome music-themed classes that are a lot of fun.The studio itself is immaculate and I love love love doing the hot yoga. It's always nice and hot and steamy--so perfect on those freezing Pittsburgh mornings! The other folks practicing yoga there practice at all different levels and are generally very nice and welcoming. I moved away from the area so I don't go anymore, and this is one of the things I miss most about Pittsburgh.
5	This place is the best! All of the teachers are awesome.  The studio is a perfect size and everyone is so  nice and helpful. They have Pay What You Can non-heated classes on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 7:30pm and all proceeds go to a local charity, what can beat that? The heated classes are great also. I know that after my yoga practice, I will feel amazing, relaxed and energized at the same time!
5	It was my first time and I loved it. I was nervous but the instructor made me feel very comfortable. It is not pretentious at all and the instructor was very helpful. I will be back!
5	Had a great time practicing here while visiting family back in Pittsburgh!  The classes are all levels, but challenging enough for the advanced yogi. Really awesome vibe here, along the same lines of all the studios I practice at here on the west coast. Will definitely be coming back during my next trip home!
5	I recently moved to the South Hills, and tried 4 different studios looking for a professionally run, challenging studio. This is by far the best one. The teachers are knowledgeable and offer hands-on assistance. The atmosphere is relaxed and it is clean.  The room gets up to about 95 degrees, which is great for warm, pliable muscles but far from the extreme 105 degree heat of some of the other studios in the area (that is just crazy!). Rest and modifications of the poses are encouraged, so it is appropriate for all levels. The availability of towels, in case you forget yours, and spray bottles of water for mats are a nice, upscale touch that I didn't find elsewhere.
5	This studio is a fantastic addition to the south hills communities of Pittsburgh. I came to the studio with my wife and a great deal of apprehensions (I mean how hard could some stretching be?). As I quickly found out, very fricking hard! I recently have lost a significant amount of weight (90 lbs), and found that while this studio worked my body over they also have put so many other things into perspective. Men & Women reading this, please give this studio a try, you will not be disappointed. Their space in Dormont is beautiful and comfortable, everything that you need. They sell mats, towels, books, shirts and other items. They have a water station with cold water, a cubbie area for your belongings, shoe racks and a decent sized area to sit and talk or prepare yourself.  The studio itself is impeccably clean and large enough to accommodate 80+ yogis (although classes are usually no large than 35). Within the studio they provide clean towels, blocks, straps and mat cleaner. The heat and humidity systems they use work very well, but be aware the instructors vary in the studio temperature during the practice. As for the instructors, I have taken classes with Stacy (owner), Jenn Lee, Jenn C., LA, Candace, Darcy, Kelly, Mandy, Kristen and Derrick. Which they are all helpful and enjoy what they do. Everyone reading this please note, each instructor brings a different aspect to the practice so some will be more appealing than others based on what YOU are looking for. I happen to really enjoy Jenn Lee's classes, because her flow is intense and throughout the practice she ties in Hindu/Buddhist teachings which I find enlightening.  However with that said I have never left the studio feeling anything but exhausted and refreshed, sore and happy, & focused and at peace. They are really doing something special at SHPY. Give them a chance and you will not be disappointed.
5	Amazing teachers who conduct classes appropriate for all levels. Great opportunities in work trade, for those who may be interested.
1	I did not have a good experience at this studio and I wont be going back. It was my very first time in my life doing yoga and I was very disappointed. Mostly in the lack of customer service I left a few messages and no one would return my phone call. The owner preferred to send me email. Please be warned if you have never done yoga before, the basics classes which are technically beginner classes are not the same depending on the instructor. The first day I went the instructor instructed and it went at a pace for someone that has never done yoga before. However the following day I took the same class with a different instructor and I couldn't keep up and I had no idea what I was doing. What was worse she saw me struggling and didn't really reach out to help me. This is such a shame because I would have been a repeat customer but now I don't have any desire to go back. That second class had me so sore that I wasn't able to work for the next 2 days considering I do physical work for a living. I believe beginner should be beginner regardless of the instructor. Seriously we don't go to college to learn something and know everything after the first class. Honestly their approach with different instructors having different styles could possibly injure somebody.
5	Highly recommend! I was new to yoga, and the instructor was very friendly and helpful, and didn't make me feel like a total newbie. The hot-style yoga especially feels great in the winter. The studio is very clean and it decorated very cute. I'll certainly be back!
4	My first foray into yoga! I mean, I did do yoga once at the gym, but it was super lame! I have nene won over here. This is coming from someone who SWORE up and down that she would NEVER do hot yoga... Now I go once a week!It's interesting being a "beginner" yogi. I'm still learning a lot, but feel very comfortable here. I usually take the basics classes on Monday or Wednesday and I enjoy that not one class is the same, even with the same instructors, they're constantly switching things up.I've done the All Levels class before too, and while they definitely do more advanced moves, the instructors never make you feel bad you can't do them. I also like that they walk around and help you with your form from time to time.The prices seem competitive with most other yoga studios in the area. I also think it's cool they offer pay-what-you-can classes on specific nights. I'm hooked, I can finally admit it!
