5	David Bacco was the chocolatier for Cocoliquot before they closed. Now he's opening his own chocolate shop in Hilldale Shopping Center. Construction appears to be nearly complete, so hopefully he's on track for a May opening as originally announced in The Capital Times!
5	I just received a box of 16 chocolates from a friend as a gift.  I've only sampled two, and already I feel comfortable writing a 5-star review.  I believe that the two I have had so far are the green tea and the chocolate cardamom cube.  I loved the green tea, and wanted to live in a house made of the chocolate cardamom cubes.  Go there.  Get some.  Get a lot.  I can't wait to go pick some out on my own.
5	I'm so conflicted.  I don't want to ever give any chocolatier but Gail Ambrosius 5 stars.  And if I could have given Bacco 4 1/2 stars purely for posterity's sake, I would have.  But here I am.  5 stars, because they are more delicious than most chocolates you will ever get to have--especially if you're into milk chocolate over dark.Where David Bacco really succeeds is his fruit-flavored chocolates.  I'd never had any piece of chocolate that tasted like citrus had been directly infused into every inch of it...until I tried this chocolate.  I think one was passion fruit?  It was incredible.  Your taste buds will actually tingle from the sharp contrast of tart and sweet.  Additionally, the chocolates appear to be hand painted like little works of art.
5	I'm very picky when it comes to fine chocolate. I'm the worst person to talk to cuz I will be overly snobby and annoying and all that. I went to Madison's Food and Wine show today and sampled a piece of David Bacco chocolate. I immediately decided to purchase the 8 piece box on the spot. The truffles are tad sweeter than I like - I think that the little less sugar can enhance more of the good quality chocolate flavor. But whatever, it's good stuff. I love it a lot more than Gail Abrosius chocolate. In addition to the excellent flavor, the airbrushed truffles are so pretty to look at. I think D.B's chocolate is the clear winner among the other confection makers around the Madison area.
5	Hello. My name is Tim, and I'm a chocoholic.I had (surprisingly) never heard of DB until I was given a box of DB chocolats for Christmas this year. Right away, I knew I was in for a very special experience based on the superb craftsmanship exhibited by the packaging alone. Not only was the box of the utmost quality, but what did I find when I released the magnetic closure to peer inside? Hand-crafted truffles of unique shapes and colors I'd never seen before. Heck, they looked more like gems than food!When I did partake in these chocolaty gifts, I was quite literally weak in the knees. Seriously. I reached for the countertop and enjoyed each truffle with every ounce of my being. I wish I had been warned to sit down beforehand. The experience was so far above and beyond what can be expected from any lesser truffle, it's just not fair to compare them. To say that these are of a superior caliber is far short of the mark. DB chocolats are a completely different ball game -- they change the rules of engagement.
1	These are some of the most godawful chocolates I have ever eaten.  Intrigued after a meal next door at Muramoto, I stopped in and got a sampler box of nearly every variety.  I started with all the dark chocolates, and added in as many milks as would fit.  The box was gorgeous, and the truffles were pretty, but I was so disappointed when I tried them.  Many of the "flavors" didn't have much of a taste.  Even the plain bittersweet chocolate was disappointing--there was no substance or complexity at all.  My suspician is that they're pure forastero, which is great for grocery store chocolate, but not exciting enough on its own when you're looking for a chocolate to savor.If I had to pick a least favorite truffle, I'd say the worst one was the Szechuan truffle, which was like a Hershey's Dark bar sprinkled with black pepper.  Gross.  So poorly composed.Vosges Haut Chocolats in Chicago, mass and mediocre as they are, roundly beats DB on taste and quality.  If you want "exotic" chocolate, Katrina Markoff was one of the progenitors of the "chocolate + spices" movement.  A $7 Vosges bar or sampler box is a more certain crowd pleaser than David Bacco.
5	I love the selections combining peppers and sweetness that David Bacco offers.  The presentation is very artistic and earthy at the same time.  Try going into the store and having a few pieces with water at a small table.  My friend and I enjoyed this treat immensely and I bring friends and relatives there whenever we eat somewhere on the West side.
4	These chocolates are delicious, if a bit pricey. I love the variety here. You can get anything from super sweet, salty, spicy, and even savory. I selected a box of eight to share with the man(four types, one for each of us) at about $2 a pop. There were many great flavors, and I could have easily dropped a wad of cash and gotten the uber-large box...if I was spending someone else's money. Because I was using my own, however, I chose the  Chai Ganache and Fromage de Bleu(bleu cheese and balsamic vinegar, very interesting) which  were seasonal(the fall selection was being released the next day), and Gingered Macadamia Nut and Caribbean Fire were among the mainstays. I wanted to get a wide variety, and I was impressed. They were tasty and beautiful. I was also given a sample of the cider caramel that was in the fall collection--and I'll be back soon to snatch some of THOSE. Yummy.I only wish they had a few more hard core chocolate chocolates. You know, the stuff for cocoa lovers who mean business. Heads up--save the gorgeous box, you get 10% off if you bring it back to refill.
5	I'd like to qualify this review by saying that I don't really like sweets. And I like chocolate but only in tiny doses. As in maybe once every couple of months. No, you can keep your chocolate ganache cake w/ chocolate frosting. Really. That being said, I love David Bacco and I've been obsessed since he was at Cocoliquot. There are very few flavors I haven't tried. I've even tried the chardonnay bacon (not my favorite but I also don't like bacon). The only other chocolatier that even comes close to my love for David Bacco is in San Francisco. I have spent hundreds of dollars on David Bacco as gifts and I can honestly say that it is hundreds of dollars well spent. None of my other gifts are as loved as those little David Bacco boxes. haha. Some may say that $2 per truffle is expensive but think of all the work that goes into each chocolate. Chocolates that delicious and pretty DON'T come off a conveyer belt, ready to be packaged and shipped out to the masses.David Bacco, will you marry me? And make me chocolates??
2	Let's start with the positive.  The chocolates are beautiful.  I love to look at them.  When it comes to chocolate, however, I buy them for the taste, not the looks.  I think I like Dove chocolate better than David's.  Again, I am in awe of the beauty and artistry which goes into the product.
5	Extraordinary service, delicious chocolates.  We were thrilled to find this place (through Yelp) while we were in Madison for a few days.  Of course they are pricey, they are hand made and are of stellar quality.  We bought a box of 16 for us and two small boxes for friends and could not have been more impressed.
5	These chocolates are WAY spendy, but the man has a way with chocolate.  They not only taste amazing, the presentation is pretty damn impressive too.
5	Need to supplement that last minute Valentines Day gift?  Would you like to impress your foodie brother and sister in law from NYC?  Think Thai peanut butter, blue cheese and fig balsamic vinegar are types of salad dressing?  Check out David Bacco's.  The chocolates are a work of art and are as pleasing to the palate as they are to the eye.  Bring your lady, pick out a box together, and stay for a bit and enjoy a nice cup of hot coco.
5	If I could drown in chocolate to death, this would be my chocolate of choice.It's smooth, buttery, creamy--and delicious. It's a little pricy, but you get what you pay for. The service is excellent and the chocolatier I had was so willing and helpful for me.I got the Bleu de Fromage--a blue cheese and chocolate mixture that was so creamy that after a few seconds in my mouth, just melted into a creamy, cheesy, chocolate wonder. It was fan-freaking-tastic.The milk chocolate block I had was awesome too and I love the Aphrodisiac for Her as well. It had really strong flavors that weren't overdoing it--just awesome!My significant other was not a fan of Aphrodisiac for Him; the curry flavors and chocolate didn't really mix well and I can understand that. I'm chalking that up as a fluke, though, because what I had was just awesome. I'd love to come back, even if it's a little pricy.
5	I went in a couple of months ago and picked up a very indulgent box of sixteen chocolates for myself this time.  The highlight this time was a caramel salted with, I believe, Maldon salt.  I stand by my initial assessment.  After visiting the store, I think that this would be a great place to wind up with a date.  They serve chocolates on blocks of marble - very romantic!  Go there.  Get some.  Love them.
5	So I sent these to a client in D.C. and paid more for shipping than I did for the chocolates, but they're damn impressive and they taste fantastic.  I think it's a classy gift for those people whom you know who like sweets.
5	In the words of another reviewer, "I'm so conflicted.  I don't want to ever give any chocolatier but Gail Ambrosius 5 stars."I couldn't agree more, but when I visited town to hit Gail's and try out this "new place" so highly recommended by friends, well... I was impressed. The service was outstanding. My guide uncannily led me through the  lengthy flavorful journey that each truffle had tucked away in its unique shape, and graciously propped my loaded box up on a stand so I could take a picture of the case. ...I ended up leaving with a box of 8, far more than I'd budgeted for, but worth every penny.I also took with me a bag of Mayan drinking chocolate. If I don't get one of these for Christmas, it'll be the first thing I special order on December 26th.Go.
5	This hot chocolate is swimmingly rich. I don't even know what I mean by that, but it is. It's like letting a chocolate melt in your mouth (but it's already melted?)... I was intrigued by the Mayan Hot Chocolate but think the regular Milk Chocolate was actually better. The corn in the Mayan one freaked me out a bit and it wasn't as flavorful. Not that I wouldn't have another if offered! They are hand-crushed and blended right then and there.These chocolates are delectable and with seasonal varieties, you can always try something new! Good tip about eating in being cheaper... but I got a bunch to go. :) My friends and I split a big box, and we had no issue tasting flavors or figuring out which was which... these flavors come through strong and they are also handpainted.
5	I decided to come here to get the people who wrote me a letter of recommendation a small gift of a few pieces of their chocolate. On accident, I had it sitting in my boyfriend's car while the heat was on and melted a few of the pieces.I couldn't give them to the people (as half of it was smooshed in the corners of the box), buuuuut I couldn't justify letting it go to waste either.Best mistake evar.The chocolate is so rich and creamy; it melts super fast in your hand and leaves a pool of oozing, sweet goodness right on your tongue. These are some of the best chocolates I've ever had in my life, and easily rivals what I've had in Switzerland.I was not aware they had hot chocolate, though! When I go back to get replacements for the lost chocolates, I know what I'll be trying ...
4	I received a box of these chocolates from my sister in law as a gift.  They are not only yummy, but lovely to look at.   I've been trying to find something similar or comparable in the Chicagoland area, but haven't been successful.  DB Infusion - come to Chicago!
5	What a treat this place is.  The chocolates here are so artfully made, so tasty as well.  They serve their chocolates on a granite slab.  I have tried all of them, and I look forward to their seasonal changes.  They gave my husband a menu of the chocolates, wallet size, he has my favorites circled and periodically surprises me with their beautiful chocolate box.  There is nothing more romantic than the man you love surprising you with chocolate. :-)  The woman who works here (with short hair), I will get her name someday, is lovely and helpful!
4	they look pretty, taste good and have chocolates with pralines in them!Praline chocolates are soooo hard to find and they really taste good here.The downside is they are pretty pricey so this is not the place to go if you wanted a on-the-budget box of chocolate!  But its definitely worth a try if your willing to spend the money.another interesting fact is this place actually makes the chocolates right there in the store, so everything you buy is authentically DB infusion chocolates.
4	This is definitely more of a treat place than a chronic stop.  The quality and appearance of DB's handcrafted chocolates and truffles fetch a pretty decent price, but that's to be expected.  If nothing else, it'll keep you appreciating it more.  You'll notice that people take smaller bites of everything as the price tag climbs.Flavors aren't always perfect, but a lot of that is up to the consumer.  I'm not a fan of earl grey tea, so I don't like truffles with earl grey.  But, odds are good that if it's got anything with coconut or banana, I'm hooked.  Odds are good that, with the reasonably sizable and regularly changing variety, you'll find at least a few pieces that'll catch your interest.I like stopping here after Sushi Muramoto since it's so close by.  I love my sushi and sake and all, but not so much that I want to have it be the last thing I taste.  And I lke to bring chocolates to my girl when I'm in the area.  These treats go a long way in relationships.
2	well my husband loves it, but im not too big a fan. i tink they are severely overpriced.
4	I got these chocolates as a gift once. The combinations are innovative. Overall, I ended up liking the more predictable flavors than the creative ones. I would highly recommend the key lime, passion fruit and creme brulee. They are not cheap, but I would consider buying them as a gift or as a splurge for myself. They would make an impressive gift because they are very beautiful and colorful!
5	This is my go to chocolate shop, best in town!!!  A little pricey for those not used to up  scale chocolate, but they are sooooo worth it!!! Check out their hot chocolate mixes too.  Indian curry one is spicy and exotic!
5	This place is quite a splurge, but for these edible works of art, it's totally worth it! They make memorable gifts for chocolate lovers (even those who claim to not be fans of chocolate, like myself, will eat their words). The 16 piece box makes a perfect gift for that special someone, while the 2 piece (or even the 4 piece box) makes a nice treat for yourself!
3	I really go to this place to have their drinking chocolate. Its a $4.00 of pure bliss. They have 4 flavors. I always get the Mayan witch is a Slightly spicy drinking chocolate. I believe they have a new one thats more spicy than the Mayan, a white chocolate, and a plain chocolate. A must have if your over that way :)
5	If you want to wow someone with a sweet tooth, this is the place. Not cheap, but it's  about quality not quantity here. Phenomenal chocolates made in house, friendly knowledgeable staff.
5	The chocolates here are so delicious! They are a nice treat to myself one or two times per year. They are so pretty you almost don't want to eat them. My favorite is the exotic caramel.
3	Pricey... very much so.But, hey, if you wanna impress, that goes out the window. What's left is quality. And DB Infusion Chocolates provides premium quality... and a lot of very interesting flavors.
3	The chocolates are beautiful and I have always received very good service. But it is also very pricey, and the flavors can sometimes be hit or miss. All in all, it's definitely worth checking out whenever you're in the area!Get the drinking chocolate. Always.
3	Unimpressed, though my assessment may be inaccurate. Here's why:It was a rather brisk and windy January day (I'd say zero degrees out in all honesty) and the chocolates were just too beautiful that I knew I needed to get a great picture. And this of course entails natural lighting...you know the drill.Sooo here's me, sitting on a snow-coated bench holding my little truffle trying to strike the perfect angle with my smartphone. And for starters the shop is situated in the center of the outdoor Hilldale Mall, so there were plenty of passersby questioning my sanity. Buuuut I needed this picture, so who cares.  The real action began when this crazy strong gust of wind swooped down, sending my truffle flying in the air and into a gray-colored snowbank. Booo. This didn't stop me. I still needed that picture, and maybe a bite...? Five second rule, right? Indeed. I dug my way through that mass of tainted snow and delicately extracted my S'mores truffle, took my picture, took a bite, somewhat uncertainly...only to discover, it was just A-OK.
1	I was recently at the Hilldale location. I ordered a hot chai tea latte to go. As I was walking out to my car, I lifted the cup to my mouth, and the drink boiled over through the hole in the to-go lid and burned my lip, upper lip, nose, and hands. The liquid must have been boiling when it was put in the cup, and with the lid on and minimal venting, it literally exploded. I wrote an email to the company and received no response. I like the chocolates here, but this was a horrible experience. I received second degree burns to my lips/face/nose and hands, and no response is really unprofessional.
5	My favorite chocolates in Madison, and that's saying something considering the competition.  DB Chocolates hits the trifecta of chocolate making: smooth, delicious chocolate; inventive flavor combinations; and beautiful presentation.
5	We had DB Infusion Chocolates create our wedding favors for our wedding just a week ago. After many back and forth emails, they created chocolate masterpieces in a "His & Hers" format - 2 pieces of my husband's picks (Pistachio and Salted Carmel) and 2 pieces of my picks (Espresso and Coconut) boxed and wrapped in different colored ribbon. Our wedding guests could not stop talking about the chocolate! They loved the idea and many of them bragged about sneaking multiple sets of chocolates because they were that good. Whitney with DB was extremely easy to work with and very professional. I highly recommend DB Infusion Chocolates for any event!!
4	I've only been once so far, but I can't wait to come back! Before this I've only ever gone to Candinas, but I wanted to try something new for my birthday. They're pretty on par, but the flavors are more interesting, which was welcomed after three years of the same chocolate place. Although one chocolate I had (vanilla, passion fruit) was too overpowering for my taste. The strawberry one was almost too overpowering, but didn't quite hit the same level, thankfully. I absolutely loved whichever spicy one I had. It was the perfect blend between spice and chocolate. I can't wait to try other ones! I prefer Candianas chai over DB's though.The staff was also incredibly nice!
