5	The Art an Kids walk was great...they had some really unique an awesome art paintings as well as crafts...the Kids walk was entertaining for the kids...yet had 4 different countries set up for the kids to make projects...best part it was all free...kids also got a little special prize after visiting all four countries...the free photo booth was fun as well...the had props for the children to choose from...Sunday will have another 4 countries so the kids can come back with there passports they get an do another 4 free art projects...
5	I love the Trails Village Center. There is so much to do with so many options for shopping, eating and sitting on a patio sipping a latte.There are some 50 different shops.Starbucks has a very inviting patio. I have even taken my dogs there to sit on the patio with me while I have a coffee and read.McDonald's has a very awkward drive-thru and the food isn't always up to par but it sure feeds my hot fudge sundae craving just fine!They have different events during the year like an art walk and other festivities that are fun and really get the community together.With stores like Vons, Bath & Body Works, Tracy's Watermark, Chase, Upper Crust Pizza, and many many more if you are in the neighborhood to live, visit a friend or just passing through this center has all you could need!
4	Awesome shopping center that has a nice variety of shops, banks, restaurants, a gym (24 Hr Fitness), and a grocery store (Vons).  It's in the heart of the original part of Summerlin and has been kept in great shape over the years.When they do the annual Summerlin Parade, this is a great place to park and walk over to the main parade route....but you have to get there early to find a spot.Return Factor - 90%
4	This is a nice area for shopping, eating, relaxing, or just walking for a little exercise. There's plenty of parking where the shops are. There are boutiques, banks, a grocery store, UPS Store, and a variety of eating venues. I like Von's but it is a bit more expensive than other grocery stores. The area is nicely lit and taken care of. This area is close to the library and Trails Park, making it a great neighborhood to live near.
5	Don't miss the clothing boutique BEST KEPT SECRET for trendy clothes at great prices!
3	Nice convenient strip-mall-ish center in Summerlin.  Grocery Store, Starbucks, new cafe for me to try. (french)  A couple of times a year they block off half the parking lot and have arts/craft shows.  (paintings, jewelery, art glass, ceramics, etc.)  Good Starbucks to sit outside before/after walk, cycling, etc.There are a number of boutiques I haven't been into yet but it has all the typical things in a neighborhood center.  (Grocery, Hallmark, CVS, Coffee, Restaurants, Banks, etc.)Plenty of parking although sometimes gets a little tight if there's an event across the street but really not bad.
