5	The highlight of my Mother's Day dinner were these delicious cupcakes. The Espresso cupcakes are divine!  So glad they are in Regent Square
5	O-M-G!! These cupcakes are absolutely amazzzzing!!  My twin sister had been eyeing this place for some time. Since I no longer live in the area I hadn't realized that they had built this cupcakery here.  When I say we have visited this cupcake place twice in 1-week....SMH...just thinking about going back is making me put on 5-lbs!! Lol...The mango-passion fruit cupcake was probably the best cupcake I have EVER had! I love my cupcakes, but I hate icing. The first thing I usually do is throw the icing away.  Not these ones! They were so light and airy...I actually ate the whole thing.  Also the Strawberry cupcake was delicious as well. The icing actually tasted like a strawberry milkshake to me.Mmmmhh!!  Addicting is all I can say! Hopefully I won't have to work out for 2-hours to rid myself of the calorie guilt from eating 2 in 5-minutes. :-) Will definitely come back when I'm in town again. If I could give this place 10-stars I would.
3	Although this place has easily the best cupcakes I've had in Pittsburgh, they still pale in comparison to my beloved Sugar Sweet Sunshine. Negatives: The price ($0.75 higher per cupcake than Sunshine), size (you could split a Sunshine cupcake although you might not want to), and I tend to judge cupcakes places on the quality of their basic vanilla cupcake (sadly, despite Vanilla pastry's moniker, their vanilla cupcake bored me and was a bit dry). On the positive side: Like I said, this is the best I've had in Pittsburgh and I'm not going to drive up to NYC to sate a cupcake craving.  Also, the Red Velvet may have given Sunshine a run for their money. Red velvet isn't one of my favorite flavors but this is possibly the best I've ever had and may have changed my mind. If only for the red velvet, I'd recommend it.
4	Probably best cupcakes you can get in Pittsburgh. They also do custom cakes. You can get a pretty decent sized one for $30 but you have to order ahead. Like most cupcake places, they put a lot of icing on their cupcakes. I normally don't too much icing, but if you take some off, the cupcake is delicious. Their buttercream icing is extremely rich. They also sell other baked goods such as cookies, dessert breads, etc. Their zucchini bread was okay. Slightly dry.
1	The icing is delicious and their cupcakes look pretty but  the 'cake' part of the cupcake was horribly dry and bland. It was as if they were made a week ago. Very disappointed!
5	As a cupcake baker, I can be very harsh when judging how good a cupcake is, but this place is AMAZING!!! I recently tried Georgetown Cupcake in Soho, and if Vanilla Pastry Studio was located next door, they could run Georgetown out of business.The shop is very cute and aesthetically pleasing. The cupcakes were $2.50/each, which I believe is very reasonable for the high quality product that you will receive. Their chocolate cupcakes are particularly amazing. It's very easy to make chocolate cake too dry or too dense, but the chocolate cupcakes at Vanilla are light and fluffy.I highly recommend this bakery, and based on the quality of product that I tried, I believe they would do a great job of baking cupcakes for a wedding or other event.
5	The cupcakes were pretty, they were delicious, they were fun.  They were special and they were made for me by someone I didn't even get to properly thank.  They were made for me so that I could sleep in on a Sunday morning rather than bake them myself for a family get-together.  That, alone, is worth five stars.So, thank you, Vanilla Pastry Studio.  Also, while I'm yelping, I feel compelled to comment on the 1-star yelp review here.  Yelp can be silly, but finding a 1-star review for an independently owned, nice little cupcake shop that does good work, simply because the cake seemed dry / bland (and I'm assuming that this person only ate one cupcake, right?) is so sad it makes me fall into a deep, existential spiral.There is a world beyond you, extreme cupcake critic.  In this world outside of you exists other human beings.  Many of those human beings don't know when or where their next meal is coming from.  If you are old enough to use a computer, you are far too old to stomp your feet and throw single star ratings at innocent cupcake shops.  Perhaps over your next indulgent and completely unnecessary food purchase you could contemplate how fortunate you are to have the ability to put food into your face and comment on it in any way.  Please, yelpers.  Please... if you don't like something about your experience in a restaurant, cafe, shop, bar... tell the person who's waiting on you.  Tell a manager.  Tell someone, then and there.  Let them try to make it better. Maybe they will, maybe they won't... but try.  It helps to make our local businesses better, rather than diminishing them by giving low ratings.  Yelp should be a place for honest and open reviews, but it shouldn't be the one and only outlet for entitled and extremely passive aggressive people to let off some steam.
2	I ordered a red velvet cake for a 30th birthday but instead of the cream cheese icing asked for the chocolate fudge buttercream. Some of their icings are light "whipped" buttercreams while others, like the chocolate fudge, are true rich, fudgy buttercreams.  The associate didn't quite understand me at first (there is a loud vent system with a sign posted that reads "please speak up") so I pointed to the cupcake with the frosting that I wanted. I noticed her still write "chocolate buttercream" on my receipt and so I gave up and decided to send a follow-up email to the store to again clarify in writing my special request.  I did not receive a reply so I assumed that the issue was resolved.  Today, I stopped in to pick up a dozen cupcakes (and to make sure that my cake was being made correctly). I was told they never received my email (which I saved a copy, naturally) and that the cake was already made and it was too late to fix it (although the outside of the cake still had not been frosted yet).  I was then told not to worry since the frosting I wanted "would be too rich for the red velvet." I am extremely disappointed about this. If you order a cake the way you want it, you don't need to be told that your choice was not the best choice. Granted I ordered a simple $35 cake (paid in full, of course) to feed 6-8, but it is for a 30th Birthday and wanted everything to be special.  I used to work for a small bakery and am quite familiar with the business. It is poor business to not keep track of emails, and to simply say "there is nothing that can be done" when there is still 24 hrs before a simple cake needs to be picked up. Vanilla made a mistake and there is no reason that my cake could not have been made the way I ordered it. I will for this reason unfortunately not be able to order any more cakes from this bakery, despite the decent product.
4	Update. When my friend went to pick up the cake, they did apologize and said that mistakes like mine don't typically happen. They also included 6 free cupcakes that were the red velvet cake with the fudge buttercream. It was delicious and a nice gesture for making the error. Thank you!
5	I never had a cupcake that tasted better than any dessert dish iv ever tasted...I will be getting my wedding cake from here...enough said!!! Vanilla Carmel is my fav, along with passion fruit mango and new to me...chocolate peanut butter!!! THE BEST IN PGH!!! Period!!!!!!!!!!
5	My husband and I had an almost religious experience after ordering these cupcakes for dessert from the Abay Ethiopian menu.The reason is that we had become soured on cupcakes due to an overdose of the typical chemical-pumped synthetic versions sold at supermarkets and often found at potluck dinners.But these are just...pure creaminess.  They made us appreciate cupcakes again.  Every bite was "Oh. my goodness.  Were cupcakes always this good?"
3	It's been six years since my first visit to VPS.  It's not that I have an extraordinary memory.  I just checked on Yelp.  They were first located in the West End.  Then Shadyside.  And now they are in Regent Square.  I love their new  store.  They have their own off street parking.  And the new store is very cute, lime green and pink are perfect together.My review is for their cupcakes.  Although they are only a portion of their business, I think this is what they are best known for.  Sugar Fairy April Gruver is a master of wedding cakes and creative custom cakes. VPS is also known for using natural ingredients, quality chocolate and pure vanilla.  There was a time when I thought these cupcakes were the best in the country.  However, either they have changed or my taste buds have changed.  Don't get me wrong, I do enjoy their cupcakes, but they fail to be the best.  Of the last flavors that I purchased, I found the chocolate cake of the double chocolate to be very dry.  The strawberry filled had very little strawberry, although the cake part of the cupcake was just about perfect.  The cake of the mango was much like eating a sponge and the icing was a bit tart.  Another disappointment, is the decorations.  Other bakeries that I have visited put a lot of attention in this detail and outshines VPS by a mile.  Other treats that we love, are their whoopie pies, chocolate truffle cookies and blondies.  Another treat is their iced chai tea.  So yummy!  But seriously, those pink cardboard straws have got to go!
4	I ordered three dozen mini cupcakes and one dozen cake pops for a small celebration. The cupcakes and pops were delicious as well as their cookies!The store is cute but there isn't much room to sit and linger over a cup of coffee. And there is a glass partition between the deserts and the customers that is quite high and the glass is a bit thick...I'm sure there are health code requirements for the partition... asking questions or placing an order can be difficult...the high ceiling doesn't help with the acoustics.The woman who took my order didn't seem too enthusiastic...she wasn't rude but also wasn't in a good mood.While there is a parking lot know that it is very small and can be a challenge to get in and out of easily.
5	This bakery has a wide selection of cupcakes that are incredibly delicious. My son and I had a raspberry and mango passion fruit cupcake. They were both amazing. I'm also in love with their space. It's bright and nicely decorated.
5	These cupcake creations are possibly a gift from above.  And I'm not talking about the room they have upstairs.If I hadn't just eaten before I had come in here, I'm quite sure I would have opted for every flavor they had that day, and then moved onto the whoopie pies (come on Pittsburgh people, can't you just call them 'gobs?').I tried the chocolate, chocolate creme one and I was definitely not disappointed.  The cake itself is quite moist.  I had parts of it sticking to my fingers, which I always equate that to the cheese off a Dorito...finger sucking flavor at the end.Now, I have to say, I eat a cupcake in a very specific order.  I sit down, spread out a napkin, and then place the cupcake in the center of it.  Carefully pull the wrapper away slowly, so I don't tear away anymore of that important cake off than needed.  Pick up the cupcake under the brim with a C formation of my thumb and fingers and rip off the bottom of the cupcake.  Yes folks, I am that person that eats the cakey bottom first.  Why?  Because I'm greedy like that.  I do want my cake, and I do want to eat it too.  Except, I want to eat the iced part last.  After I devoured the bottom portion of my cake, I slowly take a bite of the top part.  Savor the flavor of that chocolate on chocolate bliss.  Then two seconds later I realized that I shoved the rest of it in my mouth, icing, decorations and all.  Then of course I move onto to salvage the leftovers on my fingers.  After that sight, I return to normal mode and wipe my mouth with my napkin and proceed to walk away.  Not shamed, but with dignity and pride that I just enjoyed one of the best cupcakes in all of Pittsburgh.
5	This place is heaven on earth... that's literally what I thought (and said) the moment I first stepped in here.  I am obsessed with this place!  Their cupcakes are delicious and they have so many different kinds.  My favorite is most definitely the chocolate buttercream- the buttercream is so light and so is the cupcake itself.  If you've ever had Gtown cupcakes, these are different in that you won't feel stuffed/heavy/gross after eating them, which is definitely nice.  One thing I will say is that try to go early if you know a specific kind you want.  If you go nearing closing time, they'll often be running out of certain flavors, if not already out.
5	Love the new location. One of the best cupcake places in Pittsburgh. Some of favorites are chocolate expresso, lemon and chocolate peanut butter.
2	I honestly don't understand the fascination with this place.  I tried the chocolate fudge cupcake and I thought it was rather dry. The service was ok.
5	Vanilla did a fabulous job on my daughter's wedding cake and additional cupcakes for the wedding party..  The cake, filling and icing were superb and the design was exactly what we requested. Their cupcakes are always moist, flavorful and inventive. We were loyal customers at the old location and will find them in Regent Square for our next special occasion.
4	Their new space is beautiful and very inviting. The pastries are amazing as usual. I'm not a big cupcake fan but my husband almost passed out when I told him Vanilla was moving to our town. I really enjoy their other pastries...the scones are to die for. The homemade Poptarts are to die for. I was not thrilled with their new espresso offerings...seems like an afterthought and the staff don't really seem to know what they are doing in this arena.The staff leaves something to be desired. Even at their old location, I never really encountered a friendly staff person. On a recent trip, I saw they had something called an "almond frangipan croissant." I had no idea what that was, had never heard it before. I asked the lady at the counter "What is the almond frangipan croissant?" to which she replied "Um...exactly what it says it is." I was pretty irritated with that answer so I said, "UM, I DON'T KNOW WHAT FRANGIPAN IS." She replied "I don't know either." WTF?! She finally went and asked someone what frangipan is (It's a type of almond filling, learn something new every day!). Thankfully their amazing baked goods more than make up for this wackadoodle person they have working the counter.
5	I ordered abut 500 mini cupcakes for my wedding without doing a tasting at all!  I actually had never even had any cupcakes at Vanilla Pastry Studio.  I simply went off of yelp reviews, and their interesting unique flavors.  I was not disappointed, and neither were my guests!  The service at Vanilla Pastry is wonderful.  They were quite helpful over the phone, and understood that I didn't have time to come in for a tasting.  Everything was package perfectly, and you could taste that it had been baked that day.  Everyone at the wedding reception was raving over them.  Since then I have stopped by their shop multiple times to treat myself occasionally.  Their cupcakes are unbelievably moist, seriously... I have no idea how they do it!  I recently went to another wedding where they had done a cupcake tower, again they did a stellar job.  If just want a treat, or a large order this is definitely the place to go.  I just wish they had multiple locations, like dozen.  I would definitely pick this place over dozen any day.    My wedding order was:1. Mango-Passionfruit2. Vanilla - Dulce de Leche3. Chocolate - Raspberry4. Vanilla Chocolate5. Vanilla - VanillaThey allowed me to pick theme colors for the balls on top too.  It matched perfectly!
5	best cupcakes and cakes ever!!
1	I inquired here to have cupcakes made for my wedding. I asked if they had square pans to mimic wedding cake slices and they said no. They would not accommodate my request even after I offered to BUY them. I had money in my hand, ready to order, and they couldn't even handle this simple request. Not very professional!Bella Christie offered to get square pans and even make me an allergen-free cupcake for my wedding day. Now THAT is customer service.
5	Amazing baked goods, which are not limited to cupcakes.  While the cupcakes are amazing (red velvet is my favorite), I would rather highlight some of the other fabulous treats I have tried.  The Gobs, birthday cakes, cookies, scones, and brownies are all top notch.Also, the staff is all fabulous and friendly.  So glad to see the old manager  from Katerbean is working here and keeping Regent Square awesome!
2	It was ok. The flavor is all in the icing. It's very strong distinct flavors too. But the cupcakes, plain vanilla or chocolate, are just ok. They were dry and crumbly which makes me think they were stake but iced fresh. If I could order the icing alone, I probably would. If they changed up the cake I'd try it again. But, vanilla or chocolate cupcakes with different frostings didn't seem worth $2.50 a piece to me.
4	Vanilla pastry study was a great place to pick up some desert one the way out from D's. Hot dogs and cupcakes?  Yes, please!
5	So good, I'm usually not a sweets person but their key lime cupcake was delicious. Light whipped like flavored icing with a perfect consistency of cake (not to light, not to heavy) you can order coffee and enjoy right in the store or take your sweets to go. If I'm back in Pittsburgh I'll be sure to stop back by!
5	We had a very special birthday cake and variety of cupcakes made for our son's second birthday. Our order turned out awesome and was the best cake and cupcakes we have ever tasted. We also had some coffee drinks when we stopped in which were way better than Starbucks.
1	Cupcakes look so good but don't live up to taste test not at  $2.50 a pice.
3	It was ok. I think most of the cupcakes are buttercream. Prefer more icing than buttercream. But hey, if that's your preference this is the place to go for you!
5	I die.I just die.Oh my god these cupcakes are so good!  The Key Lime Pie, the cookies and cream, the maple bacon--all the cupcakes BRING THEM TOO MEEverything here is delicious.  I cannot more highly recommend this bakery.
4	1. I love cupcakes. 2. I love Vanilla!I think these cupcakes are different from many other gourmet cupcakes you will find. Their cake is light and fluffy. I also think the icing is lighter than many other bakeries. As far as options go, they have a wide selection but they seem to have many of the same selection every time you go so I am not sure how often they mix up the variety. One thing I have consistently noticed about the chocolate cupcakes is that the consistency is different from the other cakes and the top always seems to fall apart off of the bottom when you try to eat it but I am not sure why this is. I'm a chocolate lover and my favorite is the Cookies and Cream! I recommend Vanilla if you are interested in cupcakes that are more delicate and fancy than some of the other gourmet cupcake bakeries. Enjoy!
4	Let me start my review off by saying this, I love these freaking cupcakes. You could place a half dozen of these on the crease of a plump mans back fresh out the gymnasium and I would eat atleast 3 before I thought twice about another bite. These cupcakes are so good that if the world were to erupt into a zombie filled post apocalyptic wasteland I would traverse the globe in a woody harrelson-esque fashion until I found an icing covered micro cake that quenched my insatiable thirst for these heavenly goddamn cupcakes. Their spongy and moist deliciousness knows no bounds. Minus one star for being in a range resources commercial.
4	Such a pretty storefront and such a pretty display of pastries. ugh. The peach poptart was perfect, hands down best "poptart" in the world. The toffee jumble was probably my favorite though.  I'm not much of a cupcake girl (I know) but I wanted to stay here all day to smell their delicious inventions. I just wish there were more pastries!
4	What a charming little bakery!  I found this gem thanks to a wait for a table at D's and the need to kill some time in the neighborhood.When you walk in, the smell is amazing.  If you weren't already craving something sweet before you walked in, you will no doubt be tempted to order one of everything.The display case had about 8 different types of cupcakes, various cookies and other pastries.  Not a lot of options compared to other bakeries, but what they do have is quality.  I sampled the red velvet cupcake and my husband tried the key lime.  I am not a huge fan of cakes/cupcakes in general, but really enjoyed theirs.  The cake part was moist and flavorful and the frosting was just the right amount of sweet.  I took a bite of my husband's cupcake and enjoyed it equally as much.  Since it is a gourmet bake shop, the prices are on the high end ($2.50 per cupcake) and cookies were $3, so come prepared to spend quite a bit on dessert.  But don't fret it because it will be worth it.They also have coffee, espresso and other hot drinks available.  There are a few cute tables set up in the shop for dine in options and they pack the cupcakes with a divider for to go ordersOverall, worth a stop for something sweet and delicious.
5	A week ago, my lab manager surprised me with cupcakes from here for my birthday.  He got us a dozen cupcakes, consisting of the following flavors: mint chocolate, peanut butter chocolate, chocolate fudge, chocolate buttercream, vanilla buttercream, red velvet, gingerbread, and lemon creme (see photo).  What a delicious surprise!Aesthetically, the cupcakes were beautiful--particularly the decorative details appropriate to each flavor placed on top of each cupcake.  In terms of flavor, the icing was excellent--very creamy, rich, and dense, dominating the cupcake in terms of amount and flavor.  The flavors really stood out--particularly the cream cheese flavor for the red velvet cupcake.  My favorites were that and the mint, though every flavor I tried was good, which surprised me given that I'm generally not a huge fan of red velvet cake.  However, the cake portion of the cupcakes wasn't as fresh as I'd like it to be, given that it was a bit crusty around the edges.*  I asked my lab manager when he'd bought the cupcakes, and he said he'd picked them up the day before and kept them in the refrigerator overnight, so I'm not sure whether the cake portion is fresher when served. *See edit below.Overall, I thought VPS did a great job of balancing flavor with aesthetics.  If I were in the market for baked goods for a wedding, I'd definitely consider them!EDIT: I tried a fresh cupcake on 1/11, and it didn't have the dryness issue--in fact, it was quite velvety.  Also, prices for individual cupcakes were pretty reasonable for a bakery at $2.50 apiece.  As a result, I'm increasing my rating to 5 stars.
1	This is a very good bakery. My rating is based on customer service. I was looking for a unique cake for my sister's baby shower. Being that they have great cake,  I was excited to work with them on my sister's. I sent an email as directed,  however,  I never heard back.  Very disappointing.  It is not wise for a very expensive bakery to provide poor customer service to the small percentage of people who are willing to pay their prices.
