5	Have had M2P come in on two occasions.  The first was to wash walls, windows, and pretty much make our old basement sparkle.  It did.The second was a whole house clean, including some high up windows, French doors and carpet cleaning.Both times, I've been pleased with professionalism, process, level of quality, and timeliness of Maid to Perfection.  Staff is courteous and thorough, and the walk-thru beforehand ensures that what's important gets covered.I'm not someone for whom regular professional cleaning is possible.  So when they have come by, it's been a real treat--and at a reasonable and straightforward price.  Highly recommend.
5	I have had Maid to Perfecting coming on a weekly or bi-weekly basis for 2 years now and am extremely pleased with their services. They clean the floors by hand, take apart all of the parts on the cooktop and get it looking like new, and even clean my son's room. On the few occasions I've requested them to change their schedule because of an upcoming event or family visit, they've accomodated me with no hesitation. Very reliable and thorough cleaning service.
1	I just called Maid to Perfection for a cleaning consultation, and the woman I spoke to on the phone was the most rude individual I've ever spoken to in my life.  She said that no one was available to do a consultation in the near future. Not sure how this is possible unless the service is drastically understaffed.  A normal person would proceed to ask if I would like to have a consultation at a later date.  Instead, she literally said "No one is available. Sorry." and then hung up.  It was the most confusing and frustrating conversation I've ever had in my life.
1	When Maid to Perfection cleaned our house, they did a solid job.  This rating has nothing to do with that.  The reason for the low rating, however, is due to the extremely poor customer service, lack of flexibility, and unwillingness to compromise on a fair price that we were promised had we signed up for regular, monthly cleanings (after paying the large upfront cost for our first cleaning).  We had them come twice, and when we tried calling to set up the 3rd, we received no call back. After trying again and having no luck, I finally got a hold of them 2 months later.  We had a date scheduled, and when I was quoted a price, it was more than the promised rate because WE had not had our house cleaned within a 3 month period.  Of course, when explaining how we tried calling multiple times to set up a cleaning with no response, we were told the manager would not budge, even though it was not our fault.  When asking to talk to the manager, she was "unavailable," and when I asked if there was anything she could do, her response was "I don't know what to tell you.". It's not like we were asking for a discount.  We just wanted to pay the regular price we were originally quoted!  I feel raising the price if someone never follows up within 3 months to schedule a cleaning makes sense.  I get it.  You're running a business and want loyal customers.  BUT, when its clearly not the customers fault, why not just do right by them so they are happy and say good things to others about your business?  Which leads me to write this article, unfortunately focusing on the negative experience I had with them.  For those of you looking for cleaning service, just be aware that Maid to Perfection doesn't really do all that is necessary to make customers happy.  Their cleaners may do a good job, but management and customer service obviously don't know what it takes to run a successful business in the SERVICE industry.
