5	I go to their other location in Henderson, Signature Nails & Spa every other week for a fill, pedicure (gel or regular) and their new location is just as AWESOME!!!!!  Great service and a great stop for pampering!!!  They will offer facials here soon. I'm so excited that I can go to either shop now and get professional service at a great price.... Best part- Very RELAXING & I'm always leaving prettier than when I came in!!!I have received compliments for years on my nails & toes..... Now it's time to brag about these great Nail Salon & Spas!!!You must stop in & treat yourself!!!!
4	This is a brand new store in the Summerlin shopping center, very comfortable and relaxing!I had Mimi for a diamond pedicure, an amazing experience.   She was sweet and funny, her English is very good.  I can't wait to go back!
5	I was strolling around down town summerlin yelping to see if they had any nice nail places and BAM! I found this gem. Originally, I had seen a nail place that had 1.5-2 stars so I thought there wasnt any. But my gut instinct told me that there HAD to be another one somewhere inside and I was right! It was a Saturday night around 5pm, and I had walked straight in. They immediately welcomed me with friendly faces and told me to have a seat. The tables are set up a little differently here. Instead of everyone getting their own little station, they have a U shaped table so everyone can sit down and get their nails done. I actually fancy this idea, because you and your friend can get your nails done together and actually have a conversation because youd be in close proximity. They have a plethora of colors to choose from and they can do designs. The decor inside is very pretty too, but they were still in the process of finishing because they are still new. Mimi did my nails and I loved them! She is a very cute young vietnamese girl that is very friendly and easy to get along with. While she was doing my nails, we were talking about everything from boys to food! She made the time go by faster. Once I had picked my color, she started on everything. Every time, she finished a couple of nails, she made sure I really liked it by asking me if they were ok. During the middle, I decided that I would want glitter on one of my nails on each hand. I had originally picked silver but she told me that gold would look better with the color I had picked. She took out the silver and gold glitter and tried to show me how the color would look on one one of the nails that had been painted. I agreed with her. I love my nude with gold tip nails!! ( ill try to post a picture but they were done 2 weeks ago lol ) I am so glad I found this place. I had gone to numerous nail salons but hadnt been satisfied with the end product. It got to the point where I just chopped all my nails off and went au naturale. I thought my hands were so ugly, because I chopped all my nails off and they weren't painted. One nail salon painted the gel polish over my skin so after a couple days, my nails were peeling. Another time, my nails were so uneven - in that, when you rubbed your finger over my nail, ALL TEN!, you could feel how thick and uneven it was. And another time, this lady couldnt do the design I wanted, so she erased it and painted over it. The problem was she didnt erase it entirely so you could see random pieces of glitter under the new coat. As you can see, Ive had trust issues. This is my new nail place and I definitely recommend coming here!!!
5	Fantastic service and my nails look amazing! The staff is super sweet the guy that did my nails was hilarious and made me feel very comfortable. They make sure you're satisfied with your nails throughout the process as well. Definitely will be going here from now on!
3	I love Mimi, she takes the time to make suremy gel manicure is perfect! The only downside is that it's expensive, 40 bucks for a gel manicure and 30 bucks just for gel. I know this is Summerlin but with tip that's close to 50 bucks each time. I would recommend coming here for the manicure and getting a polish change elsewhere. Also, every time I have gone in there on a Thursday and Saturday, football is on! The manager is the one watching tv all day. He changed it when we commented on it but didn't have the slightest care until we said something. Beautiful salon and will go back, but only if my budget allows!
