1	Horrible service. Ordered online and there was no verification that a 1+ hour wait was ok. No way to cancel. Actually too 1:35 minutes, was cold, undercooked wings, pizza wasn't even fully cut (needed a knife). Called to complain and all the manager said was that it got a little crazy. We'd be crazy to go back...
1	This place is ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS. Just to confirm, none of this is exagerated. I placed my order at a Pizza Hut FIVE minutes, literally, from my house, for ONE large pizza at 7:10, the person on the line confidently said your pizza will be there about 7:50. By 8:15 (1 hour & 15 minutes from my CALL) our pizza still hasn't arrived. I called to ask what the deal was & was answered with "oh he should be there in 10 minutes, if not just call us back. And if he's not there by then we'll give you a credit for next time." Me-uh no, you aren't going to charge me at all for THIS time, as there won't be a NEXT time. so here I am waiting, pissed off, 10 minutes later......20 minutes later.... THIRTY minutes later! still no pizza! I call back, sit on hold for 5 minutes, then get through to the 'supervisor' who sounds 17 years old who had to put me on hold for another SEVEN minutes to get her district managers name and phone # (she doesn't know?!) then put me on hold again to "check the schedule" when I asked when he would be in. By the time my pizza arrived it was 8:55pm, 1 hour & 45 minutes from when I placed the order for ONE large pizza FIVE minutes from my house. Her excuse was well we only have 1 driver and we just got a rush. Well if you just got a rush it shouldn't effect MY order since it was so long ago and if that was the case you should've informed me upon calling how 'busy' you were, & given me the OPTION to go elsewhere with my order (as the previous pizza place I called did). That was a bullsh** excuse. You can't baffle me hun. I would suggest if you want one frickin pizza within reasonable time on a WEDNESDAY night (school night) you take your business elsewhere as this location is a complete joke. Thanks for ruining my mood for the night on my day off with your lack of efficiency and customer service. p.s. I took the time to create a Yelp account JUST for this review. That's how piss** I am.
1	I'm only giving one star because I have to. The pizza tookover an hour to get to our house and it was supposed to be delivered in 30 minutes. Also nobody answered the phones it just kept ringing. Worst service ever
