4	This place has great Mexican food at great prices.  However, if you are looking for fine dinning or an Americanized Mexican - keep looking it is dive-y.  Many of the items on the menu are commonly discarded cuts of meat, including tongue, guts and head (lengua, tripa and cabeza).  The fact that they have these cuts makes this place authentic.  Also on the menu is pastor, carnitas, suadero, chorizo and bistec... look them up - I did.  I really wanted to keep this secret treasure to myself, but they survive purely on word of mouth so I had to say something.  They also serve breakfast (omelets and breakfast burritos) and  camarones (shrimp) in several ways including a la diabla.Why not 5 stars... the past two times I was there the soda machine broke down and that is how they serve ice tea.  I gotta have ice tea with my meal.
4	Stopped in for breakfast.  Had the huevos rancheros, and they did not disappoint.  I just wish they had Coke products instead of Pepsi, but otherwise the food is great.
3	Bean & Cheese burrito + pico + sourcream! For those days when you don't feel like meat...... Delish
4	I've been here before (they're conveniently across the street from the Mezona Inn we always stay at for a thing in Mesa), and I've always been pretty happy with the food (and I live in the greater LA area, the home of 20 million great hole in the wall Mexican places). Service is nonexistent, as you might expect, as is the decor, but you don't go to a place like this to be impressed with anything other than the food, and the price of said food. So this time I ordered two things: a breakfast burrito, and some taquitos with what I would have assumed would be fresh guacamole. The breakfast burrito was just *crazy* delicious, crazy huge, and crazy cheap. I 100% recommend that you get one. The taquitos were ok, nothing special, and I paid a dollar fifty for a tiny dollop of guacamole that I'm pretty sure just came out of a giant Costco vat or equivalent. So that was kind of a ripoff. (Though I suppose I can't complain too much, given that if I'd paid a dollar fifty more than I did for the burrito, I still would have been impressed at the price.)So basically, next time I'll know. And there will certainly be a next time.
3	I just can't say I was that impressed. Nice big portions and decent price but the food took a really long time to come out and it just wasn't that great.
5	Really enjoy the food and when I treated co-workers through take out they seemed to agree. I like to eat at simple places. I would not hesitate to take anyone there as long as their interest is great food. It takes a little time to prepare something good.
1	They have made my worst New Year's Eve experience by serving up some spoiled meat tacos (carnitas and chorizo, I had one of each). Afterwards I had to spend the whole night with food poisoning when I only had two tacos quickly to go. Stay away!
