4	I feel like I should be young enough to wear these things until I think about where I would wear them.  Hmmmmm......  Yup.  I'm old. And yet I like this store so much that I look all the time in hopes that one day there will be something that I'll actually be able to wear.  I've found shoes - but they didn't have any in my size.  I just wish I was about 10 years younger and then I could rock it all.  I could even get away with wearing some of it to work.  Now days that just wouldn't go over so well.  Plus sized shopping for the rock&roll/punk/alt set - or just for younger folks who can pull it off.  Last time I was here I was in khaki's, penny loafers and a polo.  I think one of the girls though I was somebody's mom.  Sigh....  For anyone, say, under 30, that is a size 12 or up, I totally suggest you shop here.  Size 12-14 is a size 0 in this store.  Not a bad little confidence booster.
4	In all honesty, I don't really own very many items from this store!But I love to go!! I dig going and checking out all the clothes! some of their stuff is WAY to cutting edge for me!! I'm a nice girl! :P ha ha ha!! but for eal, I'm not that edgy or goth. But I LOOOVE their shoes. I still have a couple of pairs! :) I also like the pop culture themed accesories. the odd button or purse gadget or gizmo, it's pretty cool. It always seems to be the Hot Topic for big girls! ha ha! If you are a size 12 to 26 and love hot trendy "throw away" clothes and/or gothic clothing, this is totally the place for you!! I FULL-HEARTIDLY (was that spelled right??) recommend the Balconette bra!! They make the trip worth it!! I love the idea behind Torrid, you CAN be sexy and express yourself for a nice price no matter what ur size!!
5	The answer to so many of my wishes!!!Cute clothes for sizes 12 and up. What a freaking concept!!!!!!!!! Seriously you would think this is not a far fetch, but it is. When I think of where to find something hot for a nite out or something sassy for play, this is the spot. Good sales too!
4	I am a big fan of Torrid!  The clothes and accessories are cute, fun, and trendy.  However, I have always been able to find basics (i.e. tanks, tees, cardigans, blazers).  Most people would not consider me plus-sized; I wear a size 8/10 pants, but  I am a big chested girl.   The size 0 and 12 tops fit me perfectly.  And when they have sales, they have great sales!!!!
4	great plus size 14+ sizes store. unlike other stores, they have very trendy, fashionable, edgey clothing for ages 12 to about 45.  they have casual, dressy, club, sleepwear, and other clothes for most occasions.  if you don't want to look dorky or frumpy like alot of plus size stores, go here. the only downside is you'll pay more. shop their clearance racks. i'd rather pay a little more then look boring.
5	Loved this store in Anaheim---then found out they have one right here in Phoenix!!!!!!! I am a sexy granny!  Please don't say this is an under 45 age store---I am 61 and LOVE the trendy stuff!!!!
5	This is one of my favorite stores to go to. The girls here are kind and patient, definitely willing to help a customer out. They greet you from the moment you come in through the door and want you to leave happy.They don't try to dis other stores if you bring in other business but will talk to you
