3	This is not the place to go for a coffee shop amosphere.  I ALMOST got over the fact that there is a big weird interactive fountain outside when two things happened:  1) My back got really sore because the seating is not comfortable for entering data and 2) the tea-rista started to talk REALLY LOUDLY IN A REALLY ANNOYING TONE OF VOICE.  The tea was a-ok and I was combining a work trip with a trip to Target for Luna Bars (the breakfast and candy bar of champions) and envelopes.  The desserts do look pretty attractive.  Free refill on your iced tea...so there's that.
5	What a wonderful tea shop!  Located inside the new Tempe Marketplace, right behind Barnes & Noble.The owners and the employees are very friendly and full of positive energy They have over 70 different teas including herbal, green, black, oolong, white, and rooibos teas. They also have chais and hot cocoas. They will even mix and match teas for you. They will gladly add their natural Boba to your tea. The sandwiches they offer are freshly made, and they are willing to subsitute options.  I had the tuna, my boyfriend had the chicken sandwich and both sandwiches were very generously sized. I have had the potato soup and the creamy mushroom soup and both have been excellent. They also serve organic pastries from a local bakery. If you're looking for a place to relax with friends and friendly staff, this is the place to go!They have a website www.teainfusionteabar.com
5	I stopped in here because I hate tea but I really want to like it. The atmosphere was nice and the employees were friendly. When I explained that I never drink tea, they made me something fruity and delicious that has made me determined to go back and be a little more daring. The only problem: I wish they had a little more space to accommodate groups. And I wish they opened a little earlier, so I could stop in before work!Regarding the other reviews, it -does- seem kind of out of place. But I appreciate that there are some locally-owned businesses in a shopping mall like Tempe Marketplace (I think the clothing boutique next door to Tea Infusion is an Arizona-owned business, as well).
4	4.5 stars. I'd like to give Tea Infusion 5 stars, but I can't. I blame the location, for this refreshingly cool place gets lost among the retail stores at Tempe Marketplace. Tea Infusion would be a great off-the-street place to go. I can see it situated in the LGO or Central/Camelback Ave or Biltmore area. Or even tucked neatly off Mill Ave. If it were in any other place but Tempe Marketplace, I'd become a regular - especially because they have free wifi.I ate lunch here today with a friend. We both commented on the striking decor - the soothing blue/gray walls and dark wood. There are even a couple of quotes painted on the walls, along with vibrant art hanging on display. Tea Infusion also sells tea cups, mugs and tea pots. But is that really why you'd stop in? No. You'd stop in to sample the tea, check out the menu and wager if you'll like this place. At least that's what I did. I like this place quite a bit, for the tea selection is large. From black to white to chai to oolong, you have many possibilities to satiate your tea appetite. I ordered a hot pot (two cups worth) of their chocolate mint chai. I also ordered egg, cheese and ham on an english muffin (from their breakfast menu, which is served all day). The tea arrived shortly with a little orange hour-glass, which is used to tell me when the tea is ready (3 minute seep is standard). Once the sand fell down to the bottom, I poured the tea into my glass. And I sipped. It was just the thing to offset the chilly afternoon. My sandwich arrived later. It was just okay. I nibbled on it happily, though. My friend ordered the Tuscan chicken sandwich, which came with an artichoke sort of tapenade and a small splattering of goat cheese. She said the multi-grain bread was delicious. We both encountered a small problem though: our sandwiches wanted to fall apart. A piece of mine even leapt from the table onto the floor. Messy. Being one of the few patrons there, we were able to relax, slowly drink our tea and enjoy a free-flowing conversation. Then it happened. A fresh, organic fruit tart appeared and we just had to have it. My friend quickly jumped up to order one for us. In order to make room in the display case, the girl behind the counter offered up a sampling of some chocolate truffle-like dessert. I gladly snatched up a sliver for us to try. And then we melted into the pleasures of fresh, organic fruit on top of a sweet custard surrounded by a flaky crust. There was also the bliss of the chocolate treat. "This would be absolutely perfect with coffee," I said. My friend agreed, for the chocolate dessert was the perfect amount of cream and cocoa to complement a cup of hot coffee. I would recommend this place for a brunch or afternoon escape. While the lunch menu does offer up sandwich and salad options, I think you'd do better sticking with the obvious: the tea.
4	A really refreshing and great local tea shop that chose the wrong location.Other people have already harped on it, but I just don't understand why the owner decided to situate probably what is the city's best tea bar in strip mall paradise. It was pretty busy when I went on a Saturday afternoon in the middle of the holiday shopping season.  But I'm guessing that during the week, when it could be registering foot-traffic in the hundreds if it was in the Biltmore or central corridor somewhere, it is struggling to make ends meet. Or maybe the college crowd is flocking there? I always stayed right by campus for my tea or coffee in college, so I'm guessing not. I'll stop talking about it.The selection of the tea is pretty incredible and runs the full gamut of esoteric-tastes-like-dirty-sock varieties of tea to big crowd pleasers like the vanilla earl grey and kiwi melon. They have a very knowledgeable staff that can guide you through the menu and suggest tea drinks and seems well trained in how to make tea.Although I'm not so sure about some of their methods. (This is where I turn into the picky tea snob, but that's what this store is for, right?) For one thing, when I decided to get a cup while I perused the menu for what bulk tea I wanted I was pretty shocked to find that the smallest cup is 16 oz. That is huge for a tea drinker like me who drinks the literal cup like a proper Englishman. Next, for hot tea, they put it in a tea bag and steep it in a Styrofoam cup with a lid on it and tell you to let it steep for 3 minutes for my black tea. That seemed really short for a black tea, but I followed their instructions. Sure enough, it was a fairly weak giant cup of tea.Add to that I had the flavor of the Styrofoam cup to augment my tea. I see that some people got a teapot and a glass cup? I wish that was me. I'll have to do that next time, but it's not really practical if I don't want a full pot. They should really invest in some small personal teapots.Next, since my tea was weak I decided to throw in some Sugar in the Raw (props to that) and stirred it in with a wooden stirrer. The wooden stirrers must be ultra low grade because they really impacted the taste of the tea adversely. They have to go.But the major reason for the star off is the bulk tea. The process of putting a bulk tea order of any size takes forever even with a group effort. Someone put in one while I was checking the menu and it took them like 20 minutes, which I had to wait through until I could do mine. Then I had to wait another 15 minutes for mine to be finished which made my quick trip to get some tea an our long. Almost made me miss the tip-off for the Suns game too.They sell it by the gram, which was a culture shock to me. I asked what the translation was from grams to either ounces or teaspoons which they couldn't help me out with. They suggested 25 or 50 grams at least. I did such and hoped for the best.And while the teas that I have tried so far have been very good, they aren't quite as good as from adagio.com (which they sell and use some teaware from) where I normally get my tea and are much more expensive. Especially when you factor in that they charge 2.50 if you want the bulk tea in a tin, otherwise it comes in a stapled bag.As such, the bulk tea from there is only good when you decide to try a tea they have there for a change in pace. They aren't good as a primary supplier for a heavy tea drinker.
5	So they pretty much have every flavor Tea imaginable hot or cold!! Had their Chocolate Mint Hot Tea, and my oh my it was Devine!  Not your typical "tea shop" as it has more of a modern feel.  Not too crowded for being a Saturday night, but enough people to know its worth walking into.  Cant wait to try their pomegranate tea!
4	This place is very visually appealing, but not super practical for people who are using this as a study cafe. I'm average height, and I found myself bending further than I would like to get to the table. It makes your back tense up after awhile, but the tea was good, the service is great, and its a good people watching spot.It does get loud at times, and I think they have games at the bar. For me it seems like a better hang out with friends and lounge awhile than a study place even though they're pushing the free wifi for the cafe crowd. The location is sort of odd, but is good if you want to multi-task and get some shopping out of the way.
4	Ok, i must say - i did not drink any tea there. But...... hold you hater... i did sample some of their smoothie. And i gotta tell you kids - its friggin great! They have a bunch of different smoothie flavors and many different teas, any of which can be had iced or hot (Which is cool, cuz many places only would do a few teas iced, like its really complicated thing.) Anyhow, it think its pertty good and i will be MORE then willing to get some tea/smoothie from them next time i am there."I like"Eugene
4	Ya know, I really like this place.  They have enough varieties of tea that I could come here 70 more times and never duplicate.  That makes for great selection, but also almost a good five minutes for me to settle on one.I would have liked it a little more if it weren't for the teeny-bopper staff.  For some reason I didn't have the most confidence that they could steer me to a savory selection to my liking.  One of them did get me a sample of one of the featured iced teas of the day without me even asking, which was nice.  I ended up with a small pot of pomegranate black tea, which yields you 2 cups.  My friend ordered a round, chocolate decadent dessert which I sampled and it was delish!They have pots, mugs, filters, and other fun tea accessories.  I'm glad to see a shop entirely devoted to tea since I drink more of that than coffee and tea shops are hard to come by.  I'll definitely be back to try another tasty tea and probably another dessert too...
4	Every time I go waltzing around The District (ahem, twice) I make sure to stop by this hidden gem for some extreme iced tea action. I use extreme in the sense that there's 100s of options that all end in AWESOME. White peach iced AWESOME, iced pomegran-AWESOME, four AWESOME berry tea, creme brulAWESOME. And those are just the flavors I've sampled. I could be "The Richmeister" from SNL while lavishing praises upon these teas.Going with the white peach-a-rino, iced pomegrana-rama-ding-dong, the creme brulee-ster, four berries? Berry nice. Makin' the copies...But I digress.Tea Infusion has an awesome location in terms of drawing in business, so all you naysayers that are poo pooing its place nestled among chain stores can just shut it. From a business perspective it makes perfect sense. People get thirsty when shopping, especially in the desert, and this place appears like an oasis on the horizon. If it was a dinky little independent establishment it would never receive the exposure that it does at Tempe Marketplace and probably would have a hard time staying solvent, regardless of how much we adoring Yelpers build it up. So I'd rather laud the smarts of a business man who broke through the corporate mold and managed to offer an independent and hip lil tea shop amid the brand name wasteland that is Tempe Marketplace than complain about it. It's so nice to step into this place, breath a sigh of relief and shake off the oppressive crowd of consumers (and anklebiters) waiting just outside that door, especially if it's a weekend evening. And I've got to say that a nice cuppa makes the window shopping, caterwauling live band, and gaggles of giggling adolescents much more enjoyable.Aside from a tea selection that puts China Mist to shame, they offer some munchitos that I've never indulged in like sandwiches, sides and scrumptious looking desserts. One day, Tea Infusion, one day.The only complaint I have is with the staff. I understand you don't make much and sometimes customers are devilish. I've been a barista before. But that's no excuse to neglect your customers or the cleanliness of your establishment. I went on a Saturday night and one chick was very loudly and obnoxiously chatting up a customer, leaving her coworker to fall behind when handling group after group of people by his lonesome. The counter was filthy and cluttered with tea paraphernalia, smoothie stuff, dirty steeping devices, and milk that someone had neglected to put back in the refrigerator. I wanted to jump behind the counter, tidy up that terrible mess and help a dude out, then give that flirty flit at the end of the counter a piece of my mind. I get the disenfranchisement you feel when being paid slightly over minimum wage, but have a little respect for customer service and the integrity of your shop or you won't have one to report to for long.
4	This place looks cool inside and has a fun vibe.  First the downsides: menu can actually be a little overwhelming, you get the impression the staff is overworked/crazy busy (how long does it take to make tea?) to the point where if there are more than four people ahead of you in line, you want to shoot yourself.  Unless you have nowhere to be, ever.  Upsides: huge selection, fairly helpful staff (paralyzing indecision?  that's what they're there for), ambiance, coolness factor.  I need to try the food here.
4	Wireless internet in the Destination!  A tea house in front of a fountain that people bring their kids to, specifically to play in it!Boba!I went here for a meeting and enjoyed the place, despite its location in a mall.  The server was even nice enough to give me just a little bit of boba so that I could try it.  I could definitely see myself hanging out at this place, studying or whatever, if it weren't in a mall.  But it's still cool.
4	It seems totally unbelievable that, not only did I hang out for more than an hour at a mall, but an outside one at that in 115-degree heat. I attribute my ability to withstand these two unfavorable conditions to two things:Bonnie Tea Infusion  It was Bonnie's choice to grab some drinks at what she described as a "great, independently owned tea shop" located at Tempe Marketplace. I'm not a tea connoisseur by any means, and I generally distrust fads (i.e., this silly-sounding thing called "boba" tea), but I agreed cause if  Bonnie likes it, it's gotta be worth checking out, right? Parking wasn't too much of a hassle on a Sunday afternoon, and we surprisingly got a space close to an entrance to the "District," just outside of Barnes and Noble. Inside, the shop looked much like a Starbucks - and I don't mean to imply that it was uninspired or anything. It was clean, modern and consisted of a long counter behind which two employees busily hand-mixed tea and smoothie concoctions, along with a few tables/chairs. The menu was extensive and separated into "black," "green" and "white" teas, any of which I could get hot or cold...I think. I picked the tropics white in iced form, and B got my second choice, a peach mix white. Both were pretty delicious. There was also a selection of sandwiches and snacks that I did not sample - next time. I also ran into a good friend there who was delighted by the fact that they had this mystical "boba," and so ordered a Chai-type version with blueberry-sized and -shaped balls floating on the bottom, and an oversized straw to facilitate sucking them up along with the drink. I tried one boba ball and it was gelatinous and chewy - not at all like what I expected - and an odd sensation, but I would totally order one the next time I'm in. Being in the District and flanked by stores like "Hottie Inc." and Guess, there were several teens inside hanging out in large numbers - boo. So, we decided to sit outside for as long as we could stand it. I was surprised to find that the several shaded tables and misters made for a pretty comfortable environment, and we hung out for a good hour or so before I got so sweaty I have to get mobile.  So, in summary, I would totally come back. Probably before or after a movie, to grab a drink and support an independent store among a mecca of chain retail. Plus, right across the way there is an ASU art gallery (closed Sunday and Monday) that we peeked into and actually cool, interesting sculpture art by local artist and asu instructor David Young.  Touche, the District at Tempe Marketplace - I have to say I am impressed!
5	I love this place.  The tea selection is great (Black Teas, Green Teas, White Teas) and every tea you can get Hot or Cold.  The food is great ...the menu is simple - sandwiches and salads, but so very good.  The bread is so good - they used to get it from Willow Bread on McDowell Rd just off 7th Ave in Phoenix, but they recently closed down, so she's getting her bread from some other Phoenix bakery, and it's still very good bread.  I've tried a variety of sandwiches and salads and if I've had 6-7 things so far all are excellent.    My only gripe about the place is that just outside the cafe is that fountain where all these little kids are running through and the parents are enjoying all of it a little too much.  I'm sure it's a pedophile's dream, but it's not what I'm looking for when I'm looking to relax at a cafe and have to hear 10-15 kids running thru a fountain screaming.  It's the parents who seem to allow it and bring their kids in their bathing suits ...and while I understand family fun and all that ...it's Tempe Marketplace people, not the community pool.  I find it annoying because you can't sit outside and enjoy some relaxing time and it's not exactly quiet.  It still doesn't stop me from going in and spending some time here on weekends, but like I said, it's my only gripe about the place and it's not Tea Infusions fault.  Fortunately about November thru February isn't "Fountain Weather" so the kids aren't running thru it.Having said that, I highly recommend this place for the quality of what they serve as well as for the selection.  I've been a tea drinker since I was a little kid and if you like tea, or want to get away from Starbucks or coffee for a bit, check this place out.  It's located across from the Hallmark store, and diagonally across from Barnes and Noble.
4	Whenever you want a refreshing drink, go to Tea Infusion.  (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral)+ Comfy tables and chairs.  It's a bit like a coffee joint, a place to sit, relax, and talk with friends.+ The tea selection is AMAZING.  I don't drink too much tea myself, but I know my friends like it.  They have fresh tea in boxes and have a very large assortment.+ You can do so much to your drink.  Blend, ice, hot, boba.  I like to get smoothies (they also put green tea in their smoothies) with boba.  It's delicious.- Location.  A place like this should NOT be sandwiched between stores in a crappy mall.  It would be better in a shopping center, away from Tempe Marketplace.-/+ Food is alright.  If you're looking for a snack, good, but if you're looking for a decent sands
4	I finally made it to Tea Infusion yesterday for November Yelp Office Hours... We had a nice turnout and it was fun to see all of the different tea selections everyone made.  I started with an iced pumpkin chai tea with soy milk and boba - it was fantastic!  Each sip made my taste buds tingle with delight!  A few people had smoothies, and some different hot tea selections too - there is so much to choose from, it's kind of overwhelming!  A few hours later, Sarah G sold me on an iced green jasmine tea - it was also wonderful!Christine and Brandy took care of our group and they were sweet - 4 stars for the service.  5 stars for the tea and the huge selection!  3 stars because they were not open when I arrived at 10:30; the doors didn't open until 11!  (So if you plan on stopping by Tea Infusion in the morning, you may want to call ahead of time to make sure they are open).  Overall, 4 stars!  Free wifi and food offered too... I'm sure I'll be back to Tea Infusion - check it out next time you're at Tempe Market Place!
5	Woah!  I was in the mood for Boba (which tends to happen whenever I'm awake) and spotted Tea Infusion.  "I wonder if they have Boba?", I asked my partner in crime.  "Doubt it", she said, which instantly became a challenge.... As I walked in I noticed the place was very well decorated... nice, modern,. well lit... classy space, oh and smelled great!  Yes, they had Boba, but it was night time and I wanted something decaf.  The very friendly and helpful staff recommended I try the decaf, iced, soy, chai tea with boba.  haha.  Holy crap was it good!!  They brew the tea right there, to order, then ice it down, add soy, boba, boom, a dreamy combination of chai, soy, and boba.  It was phenomenal.  I wish it wasn't smack in the middle of the Tempe Marketplace, i.e. easier to get to, but rest assure every time I go to Dave and Buster's I will be hitting this place up for a "decaf, soy, iced chai tea with boba".
5	I don't drink a lot of coffee, but I'm a fan of tea. Especially strange tea that I probably can't pronounce right. Oh, and I like it when it smells like scotch. Yep, I'm a fan of Lapsang Souchong.But I'm not a fan of "foofy". And that's one thing that Tea infusion is not. It's not foofy. It's funky. It's fun. And everyone who works there is really friendly.Beyond the teas, the food is good, too. I don't know that I'd eat there every night, but it's a wider variety than I'd expect at a tea place.This is a regular stop of mine. Makes Tempe Markeplace worth it!
5	I'm a huge tea drinker but it's hard to find any tea cafe's Tempe, unfortunately it's nowhere near where I work otherwise I would stop by religiously. From the two times that I have been there I've gotten iced green tea's cannot remember what blend but they we're both really good. Great service and staff was very friendly and helpful and free wifi is always a plus. I really hope they expand across the valley so I can visit them more often. :D
4	So happy that I came here today...I was already stressing out at Tempe Marketplace (I was a little klutzy with my packages)  I was hungry and almost did the horrible thing and have the Cheesecake Factory desserts at Barnes and Noble when I noticed Tea Infusion...I have been here once before for Yelp Office Hours.I love their selections of tea and that you can buy them loose.  It was a little hot out today, so I decided to have their Peach Iced Tea.  (Free refills!)  I am not a fan of fruity teas, but this was wonderful and it didn't give me heartburn. I got a Tuna Melt for lunch...excellent!  (They used white albacore tuna...and they only mix it with mayonnaise.  So happy to find a place that makes tuna without onions!) The best though, was their pasta salad...it was awesome.  Next time I would love to try one of their smoothies.  I love the fact that while it is small, they have many areas to sit.  (I sat at the bar area)  The staff was very nice and accommodating...(especially when Miss Klutz was a little messy with her sandwich....)
2	I was really excited to hear about this place but when I went there I was disappointed. I was hoping for a really nice tea room or a cute little boho place. This was neither. It was hard surfaces and dank. I looked at the selection and didn't see anything that excited me- I have an really good selection at home. So...I went home and brewed myself a cup for a LOT less money.
2	I've been to a few tea places before. This one is nothing special. They have overpriced drinks. The service wasn't that great. It took 8 minutes for them to make our drinks and it was just me and a friend in the entire store!!! We were like "How long does it take to make iced tea? It's taking quite awhile for them to hand over our drinks! what's the deal!?" I wouldn't mind coming back here and trying them out again. I mean, the place was really nice, clean and appropriate setting was illustrated with their decor and design. *thumbs up*
5	I've been going to Tea Infusions since literally the day before the opened. They happened to have the door open and my boyfriend and I wandered in because we were all excited. Unfortunately, we had to come back the next day:)I love tea and I love their selection. Genmaicha, Blueberry White, Monks Blend, and Moroccan Mint Green Tea are my favorites. I'm really impressed with their Moroccan Mint as it tasted like the tea I actually had in Morocco. I can't say that for the versions most other stores and brands sell. They also get all kinds of interesting seasonal flavors in.Chrissy(owner), Steve, Tina and the rest of the staff have always been very friendly with me. Always willing to honor my weird requests like layering my whip cream into my blueberry pomegranate tea smoothie.I love all the little teapots and things they have for sale. Which reminds me I need to go in and get one of their cups with the infusers for work as I've already stashed up on all of their loose tea tins.It's great too see they are now partnering with Lulu's cupcakes another yummy local independent. Now I can get my tea and cake:)
5	I don't frequent Tempe too often, but when I do, I try to get a Tea Infusion run in... everytime I succeed, I literally have a grin on my face after every sip. It's the least strip mall-esque dining option in the whole of Tempe Market place and that is a BIG PLUS in my book. Add to that that they make Boba Smoothies the way I like them... how could I resist?Case in point: The Pumpkin Chai. Based off the rattlings of fellow yelpers, I decided to try the chai and asked if it could be boba-fied (which makes me want to say Boba Fet) and they said "SURE!" It was delish, but that was summer and now it's winter and so warm sounded yummy but I had never had a hot boba drink before. So I asked them if I could have it with boba and hot and what did they say? "SURE! But be careful it's hot." And oh so YUM!I think they deserve the taglines "Have it your way" and "Any way you want it" more than Burger King! Because out of all the Boba places in Metro Phoenix they are the only ones that have never said "No" to me before with Boba Juice coming in a close second.... but only because their range of options is less.Add to that that they have a Boba Smoothie called Carribbean Colada and it is a pretty comparable alternative to my favorite Pineapple Lychee flavor that only the now defunct AZN of Mesa could prepare for me... so with just 2 of their drink options I am in Boba heaven... wonder what else they have in store for me if I ever tire of my usual options and try something different... don't know if I can... I might have to do a gluttonous double order or sip-taste from a friends selection.But wait... Boba's not all they've got, they've got a tea list comparable to that of Cheesecake Factories menu... it is a long one... I've had a blueberry tea, strawberry and a coconut one and they were all pretty tasty. I've also had a panini there and it was quite tasty and filling--I took leftovers home.My only wish is that the space Tea Infusion is housed in was more spacious with lounge seating in addition to table options so one can really settle in and work or chat with friends, but heck, I'm just happy they're here and serving the valley some tea-tastiness.I'll tea back REAL SOON!
4	I joined some friends for an afternoon of tea and conversation.  I had a 2nd flush Darjeeling and sampled the Oolong. Both were fine examples of those varieties. I was happy they carry good quality straight up teas, and the selection was large enough that there was something to make everyone in my party happy. You will find a good cup of tea here, whether you're a snob like me or not.The biggest surprise of my visit was the PB&J sandwich. The raspberry jam was delicious, and it was on really good sourdough, grilled perfectly. I have to deduct a star for the caprese salad though.  Cheese and tomatoes are always good, but they got the details wrong. The tomatoes were served cold, there was no salt or pepper, and there was no basil.Service was good, the two girls were friendly and knew the teas. I will happily visit again if I ever find myself at Tempe Marketplace.
5	They have the best chai latte ever!! its worth my drive everytime!  I havent tried their food yet such as the sandwichs and pasteries but they look good. I have had the tomato soup which they occasionally have which is also amazing.. If your into tea then this is def. your place to be.!
4	Their food is a little pricey, but their tea prices are right on par, and their selection is pretty much out of this world.  Moreover, their staff actually knows their stuff, so if you have a tea question, they can answer it for you instead of just making stuff up.Sometimes it takes a bit longer than it should (no tea I know of takes more than 10 minutes to brew), but it's worth the wait. You can get them made hot or cold, with milk (or soy!) or without.  Add to that a nice sandwich or cupcake, and you have a perfect afternoon snack/luncheon.Their chai selection is wonderful, as are some of their black and herbals.  If only I had the time to try everything!
4	I have never been a big coffee person, but I do love tea, and this place has an excellent selection of tea. I have tried quite a few flavors, but I typically return to my usual, Moroccan Mint.  I have never tried the food here, but it looks like it would be pretty enjoyable.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they have helped me make a few selections when I was unsure of what to get.  And as with most tea places, the biggest plus for me is Boba.
3	I always feel sorta corny going to Tea Infusion because it's at Tempe Marketplace but I just have to get over that cause this is what's close to home and it is what it is. Being a green tea purist I like that they have lotsa greens, or at least more than most. And of course the wi-fi is a plus! (I'm there now getting some writing done and now that the obnoxious teens have left I can get back to that and stop dilly-dallying around on yelp.) There's always something extra going on----workers discussing wayyyyy personal feminine matters not in their "wayyyyy personal feminine matters" voices. Call me old-fashioned, but I'd rather not be privy to such when I'm sipping green! So I did remember to bring headphones this time.  Ok 3 stars, sorta sucks, but professionalism counts darn-it! I can't rate them on food or other fruity/chocolaty/milky/boba concoctions, but I know that there is a bacon dish on the menu because I've smelled it 2 of the 3 times that I've been. That annoys me. But that's just me; I guess lots of people like bacon and tea. I should stop rating. But sometimes I just have to get outside and write, even though I have loads of green tea at home. Next time I'll stay home. Enjoy the green tea!
5	Great atmosphere, great tea, excellent food.  I come here about once a month, only because I travel like crazy.  This place rocks.  I love tea, and this is one of the few places that seems to have the freshest tea leaves around and the selection is amazing.  There food is great too, try the Tuscon chicken sandwich, its outstanding.  Lastly, everyone is very down to earth and friendly here.  Also, right next door is Barnes and Noble and a bunch of other stores to check out.
4	This place is great. It is almost always a must to stop here when I'm at Tempe Marketplace. Their tea is top quality, they have a very knowledgeable staff and an amazing array of tea flavors.Sometimes if I don't know what I want, I can go in and tell them... I'm tired or I feel under the weather or I feel overly hyper... and the staff can suggest teas to me that will help however I feel.
5	I love this place. I use to come here once a week. They have so many selections of teas its crazy. Cute little bar so you can sit with friends and drink. The staff is always friendly and talkative. Love it.
4	This is my favorite place to hang out in Tempe!  I love tea, and this place has a great selection of all kinds of teas!  The Strawberry Sencha green tea and the Blueberry White tea are my 2 favorites!  I also love to get iced-chai soy-latte with boba (so tasty on a hot day...which is almost all of the days in Tempe).The food is also pretty tasty here too!  I've had the caprese salad numerous times, and it is always fresh and delicious.  I've also had a couple sandwiches here (can't remember exactly which ones, but one of them had goat cheese) and they were both superb!  I also love the free wifi for customers, as I have spent quite some time utilizing it for school projects while enjoying a pot of Strawberry Sencha).
4	The great Gabi M. introduced this place to me for the first time not quite a year ago. (THANK YOU) Of course, before our meeting, I checked out what other yelpers had to say and tried the iced chai with boba. DE-LIC-IOUS! Starbucks ain't got nothin' on this place! Now my roommate and I find ourselves trying to come up with reasons to drive to Tempe Market Place. Who are we kiddin.... we come for the tea! =)When are you expanding slash opening new locations?!
1	Good tea, horrible service. I've been here several times with my girlfriend, and after the last time we've decided not to come back. Once you walk in the door you're never greeted by any of the people behind the counter, which every time we've been seem to be teenage girls more interested in their own conversations than the paying customers. Eventually we were asked if we would like something, and after we received out tea and sandwiches we never saw or heard from anyone again.I tried several times in a loud but polite voice to get someone's attention so I could buy some tea for Christmas presents. No avail. After waiting at the counter for 10 minutes while the girls chatted I was finally able to pay for our cup of tea and sandwiches and head out the door. Sorry, but I absolutely cannot recommend this place.
4	I'm gonna be bad & start with the 2 negatives I found:1. The selection is HUGE!!! They have printed menu's & next time I go I will definitely take the time to move aside & read one over before making my choice.  2. The space is small, so if you're going for lunch or with a group larger than 2 you need to arrive before 12 or after 1. There's normally only a few people working, so if there's a line & people order food, expect to have a little bit of a wait. Now on to the good! They have a huge selection of tea & they also have delicious food! That's all it takes for me :) I forget the names of the sandwiches, but one is a veggie & the other is like a BLT with avocado, both are yummy, & the spinach salad was delicious
2	Good tea, yummy hot chocolate. My guess is that it is set up for the vegetarian as I ordered cream of brocolli soup and noticed right away that it did not have a chicken stock base. Disappointing. My daughter's food took forever and we ate outside as it was very small indoors.
3	Ok so... this place is cool.  I love the idea of it but, might want to try it again because when boba tea I ordered was... interesting.  Not something I'd reorder actually.   My friend liked his tea a lot though!There are so many creations on their menu though that I'll definitely be back.  Also, as I was leaving, Michelle ask me how everything was.  When she sensed my hesitation she pointed out what I ordered and compared it to what she thinks I should order next time.  I'll definitely take her suggestion.  She was nice.See ya there!
2	I was wandering around the Tempe Marketplace while my husband had planted himself at the Barnes and Noble, and I came across Tea Infusion.  Hmmm...I thought to myself, it would be nice to have a cup of hot tea.  So, I peered in the window and saw that place wasn't too crowded then in I went.The tea menu is huge!  The woman behind the counter explained that I could get a cup of any tea that I liked.  So...I said I'd like the Creme Brulee tea and...she said "Sorry, we're out of that!"  Ok...try again.  I spotted another tea with vanilla flavoring..."How about that?"  And she said...you guessed it!..."Sorry, we're out of that".  Then she recited a list of other teas they were out of---all with vanilla flavoring---all were teas I would have liked to try.Then, sensing that I was about to say, "Thanks anyway" and walk out, she started telling me about different teas.  Bringing out different tins and talking up the virtues of each, I finally settled on one that had vanilla and orange---and I can't remember the name of it and their MySpace website is of no help either.They had some cupcakes on display that were very attractive and came in miniature or regular sizes.  She told me they were lemon.  I decided to have a miniature one with my tea and sit down at the high counter by the door.  The tea was hot.  Yes, hot tea is supposed to be served hot but this was scalding hot!  I let it steep the requisite 5 minutes while I ate my miniature cupcake which, by the way, was tasty.  However, it took forever to drink the tea because it was so hot.  The tea was a disappointment---very little flavor came through---only faint hints of orange and vanilla.They have food items, too.  A woman sitting near me was eating an attractive looking salad that reminded of a Caprese one.  The place seems to have a good number of regulars that eat there.  They sit at the counter and shoot the breeze with the woman who works there.  Some of the customers had me thinking that they were ASU students as I was one of the older ones in the place LOL!All in all, it was a somewhat disappointing experience.  How is it that they could be out of so many teas?  Maybe the food is worth having, I don't know---and never will know either as I won't be back.
1	First of all, this is not a legitimate boba place. Thanks for the misleading reviews guys.What boba place has only thai iced tea and chai boba? seriously... I asked the lady that was working if she can make a oolong milk tea with boba, and she told me that it was going to watered down since she had to brew the tea. So, i decided to get a thai iced tea with boba. i will give props to the tapioca. it had texture and a sweet flavor. the only thing is that they ran out of the tapioca, so she only gave me like 10 pieces... the tea was pretty watered down.. i could not even taste the flavor of the thai iced tea. If this tea is what she recommended because if I ordered a oolong milk tea it would be too watered down... I don't want to imagine how bad the oolong tea would have tasted. If people think this is a legit boba joint, you are deprived. This store is just a sad wannabe...
5	My boyfriend and I  have been coming here for almost 2 years now and we love it.The first time in, I mean I was intimidated by the menu and not knowing much about tea at the time. Not to mention, that I went in thinking it was like a boba cafe, asking for a Avocado milk tea with boba.They looked at me like "what?" lolI just ordered some herbal tea and killed it with sugar because at the time I wasn't a tea drinker.So yes, the tea menu was intimidating to me at first.But, the more I tried, the more i loved. So now, I'm like the ultimate tea drinker.This is definitely my most favoritist tea bar and even place to hang out. I just love the vibe.There's always so many regulars and
4	The place is very tiny but cozy.  There are maybe 4 or 5 little bistro sized tables and a small counter space with some stools if needed.  They have fun board games like Trouble and Monopoly available if you want to play.     The tea menu is very intimidating for a tea drinking newbie like me, but I must say that both times I was there, the woman behind the counter was very patient and took the time to explain the selections to me and let me smell a sample of various choices before I made my decision. Their food menu is limited, although the BLT with avocado was delish!  My friend had a Spinach Salad and she said it was waaay yummy!Definite keeper in my opinion!  Will be back!
4	Parched from a day full of shopping, I decided to stop into Tea Infusion to get rehydrated.  After sorting through the list of 200+ tea options, I decided on an Iced white blueberry tea.  The final result was fantastic, although I inhaled it so quickly I had brain freeze! The only negative (which can't be fixed) is that it takes 3 minutes to brew the tea, so I'm standing there salivating at the bar, watching the timer count down!  Next time I'll ask for a water to get hydrated so I can enjoy my tea!
5	I've been going to Tea Infusion for a good while now to satisfy my Chai addiction. Seriously, their Chai Lattes are so good. I've tried every variety at this point, besides the boba (which I'm not really a fan of anyway). I've also had a some of their normal teas, and honestly I don't think I've ever gotten something that I didnt thoroughly enjoy. Overall, the customer service is good. Its not over the top friendly but being that nice is kind of annoying to me. The atmosphere is pretty chill, its a small cafe with some tables & a bar to sit at. I see some people were saying it takes "forever" to get their tea drink, or that the tea is powdered?? Its takes a good 3-5 minutes to brew tea and then make your specialty drink, and no its not loose leaf, however you brew the tea in a tea press. Or you could perhaps buy tea bags and put your ground  tea leaves in the bags and brew it the more simple way. Teavana does something that is very similar.
5	Why 5 stars? Because this is one of my favorite regular stops in the East Valley. Of all the restaurants and cafes in Tempe Marketplace, Tea Infusion is the only one I'd choose to make the trip FOR as opposed to simply stopping by, because I happened to already be in the area.Tea Infusion combines good service, a pleasant atmosphere, the BIGGEST selection of tea falvors I've ever been offered, delectable desserts, and an overall happy feeling. The owner is impressively knowledgeable about her tea selection and can provide excellent recommendations. For those who (like myself) enjoy contaminating their tea with little bits of tapioca, the boba here are fresh and just the right level of chewiness.If you go I'd highly recommend trying the Cookie Monster tea and a miniature chocolate mousse cake. Both make for an excellent dining experience. If you're a pastry fan or a fan of cute cupcakes in specific you won't be disappointed either.
1	I swear I NEVER like to leave a bad review based on just the service. I've been to teainfusion several times,  not because their whack fake boba is that good, but to see if every employee was rude or maybe I caught them on a bad day. I understand hemorrhoids, headaches, tummy bubbles, and domestic issues.  I know everyone has a bad day. Well this place has a freakin' black cloud just chillin over it! Everytime I step in this joint, it's clear that the person behind the counter feels inconvenienced by having to actually make my order. Seriously, I'm ordering a chai tea with boba, not baked alaska. The worst part is I'm in a pissy mood when I leave the place. So I gave it a try and the only thing that comes to mind...... treat me like ass once, shame on you. Treat me like ass twice,  shame on me. Treat me like ass three times, and I'm calling you out. Get a grip tea fusion you are not the only spot in Tempe Market Place, your tea is mediocre at best and your boba is not even legit. I sincerely hope the managers take this review into consideration. And, on one last personal note, If I get another pair of eyes rolled at me when I walk by the store I'll personly sit outside and hand out samples from paradise bakery, coffe bean and juice it up smoothies! All of which offer tea.
4	I agree with a fellow yelper from a review below, this is NOT a legit boba place! I definitely don't come here when I'm craving boba and the teas served here do not go well with boba. BUT I do love the teas here, they are quite delicious. I'm a fan of the fruity ones... the flavors are light and refreshing and taste great iced or hot. If you're indecisive like me, take one of their overwhelming menus to a table and take your time deciding. There are so many choices and it gets really awkward trying to decide by the counter while the worker waits for you. You might get pressured into something not so yummy!
5	I spend WAY to much money here. Not Because of the prices but because this is one of my favorite stores in tempe marketplace Of all the restaurants and cafes in Tempe Marketplace good service, a clean usually child free atmosphere, the best selection of tea falvors anywhere. I havent tried any of their yummy  looking treats, yet.... but i hear they are GREAT
5	This is without a doubt my favorite place for ice chai. It is smooth and sweet and brings smile to my face. Not to mention in comes in carmel and chocolate as well. The service is always excellent and I recommend the veggie pesto sandwich and the breakfast sandwich!
1	Eek! Methinks not is right! I dont know why or how i keep finding myself at this place. I haven't had one good experience. One time, the place is suppose to be open at 10am and was still closed at 11am?!?! WTF Another time, they over steeped the tea and release all the tanin, the tea was soo gross and dry. Train your staff to know different teas have different steeping times AND temps. I really have no idea why i don't just go down to the coffee bean.The staff seems friendly enough. The decor, LOVE the teas in the drawers, feels very chinese herb traditional. They have such huge potential to become a great place, but have been lacking everytime i go. I really truly hope they can get there one day, i love their concept.
4	My favorite tea served at Tea Infusion is the Royal Coconut Pouchong. This is a perfect light oolong with a gentle and refreshing coconut flavor. There are also several black, oolong, green, white, and herbal teas available, so everyone can find something to enjoy. Moreover, any tea can be ordered hot or iced. In addition to traditional teas, Tea Infusion also has fruitier boba drinks and very tasty strawberry lemonade.A nice touch is that Tea Infusion tends to have short-run specials that are unique to the menu. This is a great opportunity to try new things, especially if you aren't sure what you want coming in.Tea Infusion is a great place to try loose leaf teas before buying them for your home. Most of the teas come from large vendors like Republic of Tea. Hence, they are of high quality, but not unique creations that you cannot find elsewhere.Compared to tea houses, Tea Infusion is not a place where I would hang around. Instead, considering its location in the Tempe Marketplace, it is an ideal place to drop in for a takeaway drink before walking around the market.
4	Despite the horrible employees (they're forgetful and often often leave you waiting for a while) the tea is amazing! I love the chai the most though all of the teas I have tried are really good as well!
4	I'm a big tea fan anyways, so that helps my rating of this place, but they also have such a wide variety of teas you can try! I love coming in an trying something new. I also like the "tea bar" feel - it's just fun.When you come in, I really recommend you ask the workers/owner what is a good new tea to try. They know the best flavors and secret mixes of things :) You'll find some great new flavors that way!
5	Iced Watermelon Herbal with Boba.  Get it!
3	Tea Infusion's located next to Mojo Yogurt in Tempe Marketplace. It's no surprise to learn that the menu is predominantly tea.  There are many varieties to choose from: black, oolong, green, flavored teas, and chai (to name a few).  I strolled in one Saturday night to satiate my craving for a chai tea latte.  My hopes were shot down when I was told they ran out of the mix for chai.  How does a tea place run out of chai?!  I took a menu to a table and debated which alternate would be a close match.  I decided to ask another employee if they could make the chai tea without milk.  Yes, it was possible.  No chai, my ass.  The tea was pretty good, but it was incredibly hot.  I'm no tea connoisseur , but I thought that tea should be steeped in water that isn't scalding so that the full flavor of the leaves could steep.  Maybe that was why it wasn't as flavorful as I'd expected. If you're in the mood for a bite, there are also a few sandwiches and salads.  I have yet to taste them.  There weren't many places to sit so I decided to grab a chair outside by the fireplace.  If you're in the mood, I recommend strolling around Barnes and Noble with your tea.  Then again, there's a Starbucks within that store that never runs out of chai mix.
4	Around the area there is nothing similar, and if you are not in the mood of coffee or just any bag tea, this is a good spot to stop. Remember to ask NO SUGAR if you like it plain. First time I came here I had some weird one with boba and I was glad. Today I returned after a while and tried a different kind of Chai, the Kamasutra. A floral variety that turned out to be really good. Over sugary? maybe, but gladly in chai a bit extra sugar is not that bad.The place is nice to sit with a friend and talk, except when they prepare the smoothies. Oh and if they could close the door during winter...that would be awesome!
5	great atmosphere and an amazing selection of teas!
5	If you are a tea drinker, you have to stop by! The variety seems endless as you read over the menu so it really comes down to which tea fits your particular mood at that moment (mine right now is the "cookie monster" which is awesome!)
5	I am limited as to what I have tried from here. I have had both the sugar free and regular iced chais and a large number of their iced teas. All of the drinks I have had we're fantastic and anytime I am in tempe marketplace it's a must stop for one of the above drinks. Food wise I haven't really tried anything so cannot comment on the quality or flavor.Atmosphere is fun. Inside is fine but the real good seats are out front near the fountain which makes for good people watching while finishing your drinks!
4	If I were to rate solely on tea, I would give Tea Infusion four stars.  The list of teas is impressive.  Everything from black teas to herbal teas, flavored blacks to greens, herbals to mates, white teas to oolong, rooibos to seasonal infusions.  My first taste here was the chocolate Chai.  The decision was difficult as I had other "Chai" options.  The descriptions alone are seductive.  Such as the "Kama Sutra Chai" with its "sensuous floral and saucy notes" that will "make memories." The Chocolate Chai was the best Chai I have ever tried, not to mention that it was chocolate.  More specifically, I was enjoying a blend of "Malabar Coast spices with sweet caramel" that had a Belgian chocolate finish to die for.I perused the list of Green Teas, and found about a dozen varieties ranging from a Pinhead Gunpowder to an Organic Moroccan Mint.  I sampled the Sweet Almond Green tea, which was just right as an iced tea and required no additional sweetening with the touch of  Sweet Almond.For those that prefer their beverages decaffeinated, there are a great selection of herbal teas.  The flavors are fun and bold, such as the "Cookie Monster" with a blend of caramel, fruit, and almonds - or the Bella Coola with orange and pineapple. Each of their featured teas have distinct characteristics and health benefits.  Amongst them are the white teas - which have a higher price point, average being $10.  I gather it is due to the fact that the process involves only selecting the youngest tea leaves, and they have to have that signature white fuzz.  They are also high in catechins, which help reduce cholesterol (among many other things).  Furthermore, its antioxidant properties fight carcinogens and bolster immunity.  The "Silver Needles", one of China's best white teas, would be a selection to introduce yourself to this fine tea.So on to the food.  I strongly suggest that you do not make it a point to dine here.  It may impact your tea experience.  I ordered the California BLT, which is a bacon lettuce tomato with avocado.  They were out of tomatoes, and wanted to substitute red peppers to which I said no.  When I got the sandwich there were no avocados, just a sad looking smear of guacamole.  A piece of lettuce and four strips of bacon on sourdough came to $6.99.  I also ordered the Tuna melt for $6.59.  Rye bread with a miserable amount of white tuna, a piece of lettuce, and barely discernable cheese.  Although the sandwich was warm, it merely seemed the bread had been toasted.  I waited more than ten minutes for those two sandwiches, and was the only patron to have ordered food - so I had assumed that it was worth the wait.  But expect to be disappointed.  The menu listed that the melt was made with Swiss, to which the kitchen staff informed me that sadly they were out of Swiss.  Although I was given an equally satisfying substitute, Provolone, I barely noticed it was there.I had read in other reviews that they "ran out" of ingredients.  I feel this is something that needs to be addressed and duly noted by management.So, I want to reiterate that for a great tea tasting experience this is a wonderful destination.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  For food on the go, I suggest you go somewhere else.
3	We had a bad experience last time. The tea was watery (not enough leaves added) and the normally spectacular strawberry lemonade was undrinkable (used unripe sour berries and watery lemonade). I hope this is not indicative of a change in quality and new policy of cutting corners on already high-priced drinks. It's still a decent place (one of the only) to get loose leaf tea if you're in the Tempe Marketplace area, but I wouldn't make a special trip. Try Tea Time in Scottsdale as a definite place to check out for tea drinkers.
4	A good place to take a break from the hustle and bustle of Tempe Marketplace.  I've tried a few of their teas (always iced).  I find them all incredibly refreshing, especially during the hot summer days.  They brew each cup when you order and even when iced, there is plenty of tea flavor.  I actually never thought I would enjoy tea this much.  The seating, although limited, is comfortable enough to stay and chat with friends.  I always try to make a stop at Tea Infusion when at the marketplace.
4	LOVE the decaf chai latte (hot or cold) w/ boba. It's a little expensive and they charge $.60 for soy milk, but it's a treat that I look forward to whenever I'm at Tempe Marketplace.
3	A little pricey, but good tea.
5	Most unusual loose teas available. Great Sandwiches as well. The Staff is great!
2	We went back here for the first time since my last update and I can now confidently say that I won't be back again. I'm not sure what happened to this place, but it isn't the tea shop that I used to enjoy. The staff is incompetent and didn't even listen to what customers said or even look at them. We even saw other customers get ignored and have messed up orders while waiting for ours.Their tea menu has been severely cut and is missing the few good items that used to make it worth visiting.
5	I love Tea Infusion, I really do but the last two times Ive been there Ive been a little disappointed. I always get a black tea with vanilla creme and boba. Its my fav. And for lunch I get the veggie sandwich, which is REALLY good, in my opinion. But like I said, Im not in a rush to go back because the last few times they have been out of something. One time they were completely out of Boba. What?! Thats the main reason I go there! And I live in Gilbert so its not a short drive. Then one day they were out of tomatoes, which okay I can live. But I also bought my mom and I cupcakes and they were very stale. I really love their tea and veggie sandwich, I wish they would just get their game together.Edit: gave them another star because they reached out to me and apologized for their service. Said that they are going through management changes. I can understand that.
5	I almost changed my mind about going here after reading some of the reviews, however, we decided to give it a try anyway.  They are under new management (recently) and we were VERY pleased with both the tea selection and the food.  My sister loves all kinds of tea and she really liked her selection (sorry, can't remember what it was).  I had the strawberry lemonaide and it was delicious.  She had a Vegetarian sandwich and I had the turkey with basil pesto sandwich.  They were both wonderful.  My mom had a grilled cheese on sourdough which was ok - just a grilled cheese.  I tasted the sourdough bread and it was great.  Don't let the old reviews stop you from trying this place out.  The service was fast and very friendly, the drinks were good and the food was terrific.
4	A bit pricey for Chai (over 6 bucks for a small w/ boba) but so amazing!  If they lowered it by a buck or 2, I would go there twice a day!  The place is pretty small and lacks a certain ambiance, perhaps light music or a t.v to create a more enjoyable environment,  The staff isn't terrible but I'm used to starbucks over the top friendly service. I haven't tried anything else bc I'm addicted to chai but interested to see if it can compete with Teavana.  It would also be nice to know what exactly I am consuming, i don't know how they sweeten this or what other ingredients they use or how many calories is in each drink....
2	Wasn't too impressed with this tea shop.  The herbal iced tea I had wasn't that great, and they did not include boba in the drink despite asking for it at the register.  My friend's iced tea took forever to make (10-15 minutes or so) and she wasn't too happy with the taste of it either.  She said the boba wasn't very good so perhaps it's best that I didn't have any in my drink anyways.
5	chai latte is the the best - period.
2	I wanted to be able to give this place 5 stars. I love tea places. However, my thai boba tea just really didn't have much flavor. IMy dates tea was ok but they must have just brewed it and didn't tell us that and the ice was melted in minutes and it was luke warm rather than cold. The price was pretty steep also. I got some of the strawberry green tea to brew at home and was shocked when she told me my total. Overall I think there are places with better quality and pricing around the valley. The two iced teas came to $11 and it cost $28 for 4 ounces of loose leaf tea.
4	Iced chocolate chai with almond milk and boba...YUM!!!! I've had the thai iced tea with soymilk and bubbles as well, but it pales in comparison to the chocolate chai. The prices are up there, but they have a deal where if you sign up to get their text message updates, you can get a free drink! The boba/bubbles here are some of the best I've had in town (though that is not saying much), they're chewy and soft and plump and sweet, and they'll add them to any drink so you can get pretty creative! They have a bunch of options for tea, and the baked goods are actually pretty decent (the cupcakes are moist and yummy!). Anytime I'm in the area I end up here, if only for that almond milk chocolate chai...it is SO good! Slightly spicy and sweet, it's a taste I crave. Also-love the plethora of non dairy options!
3	A ton of tea on offer and my raspberry hibiscus iced tea was brewed perfectly. I'd frequent this place if it were closer and not in the middle of Tempe Marketplace.Less stars because they were out of my first choice and the guy running the till went into an anti-Starbucks rant not knowing I was with a Starbucks manager. Have your opinions but it's not really something to start going off about in front of first-time (or really any) customers. You never know who's listening!
4	LOVE the Snowflake! It has a subtle almond flavor to it which I love. I already bummed that it's a seasonal knowing that it will leave with the cool weather :(
4	I really like this small venue.  They have a comfortable environment, the staff is very friendly, free WIFI and they have a great selection of teas.  They are a little pricey, however it is worth it.  Be sure to sign up for their text specials.
2	My oolong tasted like it was brewed with city water.  Nice that he served me outside by the fountain, though.  Overall Tempe Marketplace is a chill hangout if you don't mind never being able to change the music channel (one of those 'Truman Show' kind of experiences where everything is strangely perfect.)  Avoid the breakfast burrito unless you like overcooked eggs, mixed with greasy spicy sausage (not chorizo, just mystery meat), with a trace canned chopped chiles drizzled over it, and wrapped up.  So a sausage-and-egg tube.  Mercifully not a slag tube of egg and cheese, which is the other variety so usually served up in this grand continent of ours.  If that is what you want then go for it, but it had close to zero flavor so two stars.  Maybe better to stick to the coffee/chai drinks and the pastries.
4	Met a friend here and was surprised! The ice tea was simply amazing! I got the london berry... Next time I will be trying the chai. Anyhoo, it is a bit pricey *BUT* this isnt a "let's stop here every day before work" kind of place. This is a place to meet up with friends, have some tea, and relax.  I was totally thrilled they have simple syrup for you tea... never have i seen a place offer that! Keep up the nice work and I hope to be back soon :)
4	Stopped into this cute tea shop while shopping tempe market place with a friend. It was a chilly evening and I was feeling very under the weather in need of something to soothe my throat. Small and inviting atmosphere with a very attentive employee. Explain to him how I was sick and he suggested a perfect blend of their fresh tea leaves with honey for me. Will be returning to try the chai.
4	I really, really like this place. It takes some willpower to not swing by on my way home from school every day.There is an endless variety of tea, probably 75 or so, and everything I've had has been delicious. The passion fruit and blueberry white are incredibly yummy. They have Sugar in the Raw and agave syrup that go beautifully with them, so you get a light, sweet tea (not a sticky sweet concoction, like the passion fruit at Starbucks). The sandwiches are really good too, and my friend had a frappe type deal, I think it was peanut butter and chocolate, that was divine. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is that it's pretty pricey - $3.88 with tax for basically tea leaves in water.
4	If you're looking for place where it has huge variety of teas, go for this place. Also, Interior design & decoration of this place is very sentimental and moody. Nice place to chill.
5	I stopped by the other day because I was craving a green tea latte, so I had the green milk tea. It was soo good, I added some bobas cause I hadn't had them in a long time. They were good, not soggy and not hard. Boba is an extra 50 cents I believe. Anyways I really enjoyed the matcha green tea milk, it wasn't too sweet and it was smooth. I will definitely be coming back for more.
4	I think I've found Boba heaven.  One night I was seriously craving Boba and a friend recommended this place.  The girl was really nice, I didn't have to wait longer than a minute, and she didn't have a problem giving me extra Boba.  Did I mention they offer it in a 32 oz. cup?  So many options, this place is great.
5	Love it here. Their tea is amazing!!! So many Flavors! They just started selling coffee there too which I haven't tried yet & I believe it Organic. I buy their tea in bulk and make it at home because it's sooooo good! Way better than chains like Teavana!!!! Nice atmosphere too.. In Tempe marketplace. Nice and relaxing to go at night.
1	So I went here today and ordered their White Peach Tea with boba, I ended up drinking bland water with boba instead. It didn't taste like tea and there is no peach flavor. But hey! There is a lottt of ice... I basically bought a cup of water for more than four bucks. Now, the boba.... it was hard and tasted like rubber.
2	Do not come here for the boba. Period. Not only were they hardened in the middle (sure tale sign of old, poorly made boba) and expensive but the women who worked they didn't seem to understand how they can be eaten.When I asked her if I could have my boba in a hot drink she laughed, then told me that was "impossible" because they would melt. The tea was good I will say, but don't waste your time or hopes on the boba.
1	I just now walked in cause I really wanted a big iced tea.  The guy working behind the counter was on the phone and didn't even say so much as "I'll be right with you." Just kept chatting and walked to the back room and didnt come back out,  So I left disappointed.
3	Giving 3 stars on this because it really is a cool place. However, if this was based on service, they'd be getting 1 star. Typical rude Twenty something's behind the counter. It's too bad the owners choose to represent their place with such poor attitudes behind counter. Tea flavors are endless and I'll be back for a second try someday... Just not anytime soon.
3	Good drinks here, but when I went they were severely understaffed and I waited around 15 minutes for one employee to take orders and make the drinks herself.
4	Last time my husband visited the area without me he found this little gem of a place. He brought us home tea from here for our nightly ritual before bed and it was very good.While perusing the tea selections I also had a chocolate chai tea latte on ice which in retrospect was so great I wish I had gotten the larger size! This place will close for a while and then reopen as a cafe/market And will add wine and food. It's located where you can't see it from the street but in the courtyard not far from Barnes and Noble. I can tell you that if I lived here we would be regulars for sure. In my case It was only a place I can visit when in the area, sadly.  And for my hubby I picked out 4 Teas for us to try when I return home.
4	Had a chai tea with almond milk and boba, it was great. the service was nice and the price was fair.
3	I'm docking my review because the service here has been pretty bad recently.The last few times I've gone, the college kid behind the counter has given me a weird feeling. Like, I feel like I'm interrupting their day to make my drink. They seem impatient with anyone who wants to read the list of teas. The girl working yesterday didn't smile even once. I know, I know, they probably get paid $7.65 an hour and nobody really LIKES working retail/food service, but they could be a little more pleasant. I hope when this place reopens next month that they either re-train their employees or get new ones.
5	I'm beyond mad that this place closed down. I don't know of any others and it was one of my favorite places to go to!!
5	Woohoo!  New Management... a few new (and might I add really cute) faces behind the counter.  Now onto the real goods:  Their Chia is spooky good, best I've ever had and they have an abundance of special-tea's...brewed as ordered!  Their menu is way better than the last time I came in... and I was informed they are totally remodeling by year end and having more take away yummy handcrafted foods!  Word on the street is... Empanadas with flavors from all parts of the world!  ROCK ON TEA INFUSION!!!
