1	I'm not a big fun Clear!!! Not at all!I only got it cause I'm on the road a lot, and this seemed like the best internet solution...and it was in the beginner,but lately  my cellphone has faster internet than Clear...I call them, nothing it's been done, so I decided to go to one of their location...since I don't have anything good to say about it...I'm just gonna stop here...Do yourself a favor and just find another location if you have problems with your Clear internet...or better, get another provider, no need to waist your time here :)
1	If i could give Clear internet service and customer service a zero star rating, I would. I typically am pretty tolerant (shame on me) to sub standard customer service and dont write complaints (blah blah-enter rest of rhetoric here)..  My experience on the phone with this company today prompted me, no shocked me into writing something. Problems:1. Down load and up load speeds are terrible. Getting 25x better speeds and 5x better ping at a cheaper price with Cox. 2. Contracts suck. dont do it. 3. Customer service sucks. dont do it. Pray to God nothing breaks or doesnt work. If you value your personal time at $50 bucks an hour you will spend at least $100 bucks fixing anything to do with hardware.4. Good luck getting a pro-rated refund when you cancel early in the month. 5. Customer service offers me a 50% off rate with unlimited speed and data AFTER i cancel. Dont companies realize that this is a poor business model and any consumer with half a brain will consider this an insult when offered after the fact.  *ok i get that some people do this in order to get the discount, BUT the speeds still suck and the service still sucks at a 50% discount. Trust me. 6. Based on the number of legit blogs and complaints on the web about this company i am AMAZED they are still able to pay their employees to do a bad job.7.What is the deal with leaving someone on hold for 20 minutes if they complain about service and are cancelling?  Another poor business practice exercised by a company that clearly is not concerned with customer retention or growing their customer base. In closing, maybe their customer base is growing and they are making money. If this is true then i am truly sorry about the level of acceptance of poor business models by consumers.  Please dont enable this poorly run company by subscribing to their lack of performance on every level I examined. Thanks.
2	I love their service, however they were just bought out & don't offer any new activations in Vegas. I tried to get my mom signed up yesterday & they couldn't do it. If anyone knows of unlimited internet service with no contract for 50$ let me know.
2	We've been with Clear since moving to NLV in January 2011. Service has been just okay until Thanksgiving 2013 when it went downhill so fast it wasn't funny. Contacted them and was told the tower is congested due to high usage. WTF? Not my problem. My problem is I pay $50 per month for service and it isn't happening. I paid less than $30 per month where I used to live and the service was much, much better. These ISPs in Vegas are making a killing for less than stellar service. Time for an upstart to usurp them.
