5	We arrived before opening hours for ramen and they were kind enough to serve us. First thing I noticed, the place was really clean. The ramen was delicious and   the soup base was flavorful and not too salty. Portion size was reasonable, I would definitely come back.
2	Decor is simple, friendly staff but too bad the food wasn't too great, raw fish wasn't fresh which made me had a really bad vertigo and got me very sick the next day. This is my first time experiencing food poisoning at a Japanese bistro. Not sure if Im planning on coming back.
4	Kuu is cooool.  Great tapas style Japanese food.  The service is good, but it is not great.  They are still going through the growing pains of a new restaurant, Although my waitress was really friendly and witty.  The place has a really nice decor.  I love the "hardwood floor on the wall" look.  The quality of food is really good.  Unique items on the menu, however I wish the portions were a little bigger.  The prices are reasonable but you need a lot of dishes to be full, so the bill adds up quickly.  I am really happy this place is close to where I live because I love it and I will be back, OFTEN!
1	This place is the worst! Really unprofessional! I go there on a saturday night for a table of 3. The food is ok not superb. The girl who served us gets distracted because she sees her friends at the window and totally forgets about us! Our meals come in the wrong order when my cousin is still waiting for her food and she ordered sashimi when i ordered ramen! Cmon!!!! U gotta be fucking kidding me!As for the bill, its all separate bills and the only thing i wanted split is the dessert in 2 and she couldn't even do that! The bills were all wrong and we didn't want to tip her. She had the audacity to ask for it... HELL NO! Bunch of posers who do not know a thing about running a restaurant.
5	I like this izakaya. The atmosphere is great and not too loud. Very nice decorations. The food is delicious. I love the Kuu llipop and beef tataki, yummy yummy. Also they have a bar. Me and my friends will go back again.
