1	We had breakfast at this place because we were gambling at the Old Downtown. The server was kind of too honest . One of my friend asked for a carrot juice and our server said it was nasty ! Food was ok, nothing special. The hammer came when we got the bill, it was $72 , my friend put $20 cash, another friend $25 on his credit card and another friend $12 on his credit card, we told the waiter to put the rest on my card. when I opened the bill, it was $56 !?!?!?!?!? How is that possible. So we told him, he is trying to explain us how we were wrong and he was right . After a few minutes,he realized it didn't add up. He said I'm not good at Maths!!! Hello you using a fancy cash register !!! Please stay away from this dinner !
1	Hostess is not friendly at all. I counted 6 open table (and that's just what I could see) and she told me it was a 5-10 minute wait. A couple came after me and the hostess didn't even acknowledge them. While waiting for my food, I saw five tables hunt down servers to get their bill. My biggest pet peeve is when glasses aren't refilled and my husbands ran bone dry. No one filled it. We were going to have dessert but went somewhere else. The wait was too long and they were not busy at all.
1	Started with the unfriendly hostesses that didn't even acknowledge us. Open tables but told us to wait 15-20 mins.   Waitress was also unfriendly with no urgency.  We wait FOREVER for everything and the food was not even good!  Everyones food  came out cold-warm like it was sitting for a while.
4	Read the other reviews but wanted to tried out this place anyway. Whatever happened to the other reviewers did NOT happen to my girlfriend and I. Nice little cafe. Dani the server was really nice and refilled our drinks. Food was good, comparable to a dennys. Overall nice little place.
3	A good enough type of place, good enough to satisfy you but nothing that sticks out that would make you wanna come back.  If your in the area and just need a bite this would be a toss up between McDonalds, McDonalds is cheaper.
1	Poor service, poor food! Ordered the steak and potato soup which was horrible. Sent it back. Didn't order anything else because it took too long to get the original order. We will never be back!
2	Very slow service. We waited 30 mins for our food and it was only my friend and I at our table. Our food was delivered to the table next to us. I had the chicken and waffles and it was just ok. My friend had an omelet and they put a slice of Kraft cheese on top. Weird. I wouldn't go back.
1	S+O is a little restaurant in the Downtown Grand hotel and casino. My family & I we're tantalized by the pictures of their food posted in the elevators, & the convenience of it being located in the casino, so we thought we'd try this place out. We came here for dinner, & due to a major hangover I ordered the Roasted Chicken (less grease, less chance of worsening this hangover). Our food came rather quickly considering there was only ONE waiter for the entire restaurant.. But! They fell short on food quality. My chicken was not cooked thoroughly, and was still veryy pink/red on the inside. And there was even some blood on my mashed potatoes from the uncooked chicken. If I thought that was bad; My broccoli florets still had the rubber and around it, and I almost ate it! This also signified to me that they did not clean my broccoli well, and this was bad for business. On a much lighter note, I did let our waiter know, & they did take it off the bill, as well as sent over someone to apologize to us for the chicken dish. Phew! I was just glad to get that off the bill, because there was no way I was going to pay for that few bites of chicken that I had and NOT complain. Kudos to them for making it that much easier on them and myself. My mother ordered their salmon dish, & the salmon was still kind of raw. How raw? It left the rice extremely moist! It was edible, but not very good. My Dad and sister barely ate their food, & just took it in boxes to go.The second time that I came here it was for breakfast. It was just me and my Mom. I ordered the cinnamon bun waffles, and my mother ordered the apple raisin oatmeal. Our entire wait time was almost 45 minutes! This included 15 minutes for her to take our order after being seated, 25 minutes to get our food out, and 5 minutes to eat it.On the menu the Cinnamon bun waffles are supposed to be "one of the best", and it was farrrrr from that! For one thing it was BURNT, and very hard to eat. Secondly, the frosting was stuck to my plate like glue, and was very unappetizing. Third, the dough tasted a lot like the Pillsbury crescent roll packaged dough.. Veryyyy un-cinnabon like:/ Very disappointing! My mother's oatmeal was as basic as it could get, and her reaction was, "It's just.. Alright."Nice servers, but horrible food.
1	Unfortunate experience. Staying at the hotel. Beautiful rooms, outstanding service. This restaurant however, very disappointing. Firstly, I asked for a cappuccino. They got me a regular coffee with extra foam that was barely room temperature. When I told them it was cold, they took it back and got it back to me in 30 seconds, in the same cup. Made me wonder how they heated it up so fast! Not what you'd expect from a hotel of this calibre. Not only was it a very dilute poor tasting coffee, but it had granules of coffee powder at the bottom. A cappuccino isn't rocket science! Second, I ordered some food to go. They took over 25 minutes to get it. I can't complain about that. The place was busy. However, the waiter insisted on coming by every few minutes saying it would be two minutes longer. He did this 5-6 times. When I got upset, he said it would take 10 minutes longer, and replied stating this was "America", it's ok to wait!Very poor service. In spite of this, I left a tip which wasn't deserved. They need to get their act together.
5	This place really surprised us. We walked in with doubts because it's located in casino. I ordered oxtail soup with vegetable and served with rice and it is soooooooo good! My friends ordered meat loaf, and OMG Burger and they all liked it very much. The price is reasonable and we definitely recommend this restaurant.
