4	Great deals, fresh produce, friendly staff.
5	My 10yr old son found an Android in the parking lot, when he turned it in to the store manager she told him to go pick out a carton of ice cream on her for doing the right thing. Of coarse he was going to do the right thing but boy did that make his night! Thank you!!!!!!!!
5	Great prices and great sales. This is my favorite grocery store in Las Vegas. If there are more than 2 or 3 people in line they will open another register. They also have a great loyalty program that send s coupons 4 times a year, sometimes for free items!. I should also mention the well stocked deli. All in all a great place to do your grocery shopping. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
1	This is usually just my emergency grocery store when I can't get to Whole Foods. There is a reason for this, their produce just doesn't stay. It's also difficult to find fresh, just ripe enough veggies here. The store also strikes me as being old and dirty. But, that's not why I gave this store one star (when I would have most likely given it three under different circumstances). I did it because the management here is ridiculously bad. Pushed my cart to an empty lane and asked if it was open. I got a strange vibe from the guy (he was sort of tall, heavyset, Hispanic) checking me out, but I didn't care, I'd just done an hour at the gym and an hour of yoga, I wanted to go home. So, started putting my things on the belt, but accidentally dropped a 20-pack of Diet Coke. OF COURSE it spilled all over the floor, duh. I had to actually ask if I could get a new one. I know it was my fault that I spilled it, but taking that particular 20-pack home would have meant ten minutes just trying to get them back into the box. No. They looked put out, but came back with a new one. At the beginning of this I had tried to hand this guy (later determined to be the manager) a coupon that I'd found on the counter at WalMart. It was for $1 off Diet Coke. I drink enough of it that I'll surely take a dollar when I can! Looking at this coupon you would not have thought there was anything wrong with it. Expiration was this Wednesday. The manager looked at me like I had just robbed a bank and had dye pack all over my face. He took the coupon and sat it down on his register asked me wehre I got it and told me he wasn't taking that coupon. I gave him what I'm sure was a quizzical look and asked why. He told me it was no good. I encouraged him to elaborate (thanks for making it hard on me all the while making me feel like a stealing moron) and he didn't go so far as to say it was fake, but just that Diet Coke doesn't do coupons. First I'd heard about it. Wanting to check this out further I asked him for my coupon back and it was like asking for him to pay my bill. Just give me MY coupon back, okay?I cannot tell you how stupid this man made me feel. Had there been people behind me I literally felt like I could have curled up and died. He seriously made me feel like I had printed these on my computer and was trying to save a dollar all over town. SERIOUSLY? This guy's managerial skills lack a certain, oh, I don't know, refinement. Listen, If someone does something that is clearly not criminal (a ONE DOLLAR COUPON - JUST ONE on ONE 20-pack) you should not treat them as though they are criminals. It's a nice lesson that Smith's should teach its 'managers.' I won't ever shop here again because there are a million grocery stores where I'm not treated like a petty thief. Thanks, Smiths. What a joke.
4	Have always been a fan of Smiths, tahts what I grow up with.  But I have found that Smiths produce is average compared to other supermarkets.  The Meat and fish selection is topnotch.  The butch is always nice, as well as all the workers in this store.  They go out of their way to help you.
4	I love coming here for the convenience and not having to deal with the crowded isles of Walmart. Yes, most of the groceries compared to Walmart are a little more expensive so I only come here if I just need a few things to pick up. In addition, the staff are very friendly and helpful.Tip: I usually don't have an issue when I order from the hot item section but if you ask the staff they will tell you if the particular item you would like is fresh or not.
5	This is the best Smith's hands down! Everyone is friendly and you can almost always find what you need. I wouldn't go anywhere else.
1	WOW. Guess who's never shopping at Smiths again! ME.Tim, the cashier, ANSWERED HIS CELL PHONE WHILE AT THE CHECKSTAND. Chatted with who was I guess an employee because he was talking to him while ringing up my groceries. And I could hear him. I think the other employee was Ricardo?? The cashier behind him even made a comment like, "wow did you really answer your phone while checking?"YES HE DID AND REMAINED ON THE PHONE FOR THE WHOLE TRANSACTION. I couldn't even believe it. I understand a quick, "hold on I'll call you back." But NO. The other cashier even commented at his rudeness and I wish I would have to. I'll take my business elsewhere then. Apparently I'm not a great customer if you can't stop your conversation to help me out. Oh and no asking if I needed help out, or even a goodbye. My receipt printed and he was off to the breakroom.
2	I try not to support Walmart & Whole Foods is closed when I do my shopping , so I come here.  But every single time I say "never again" somehow I end up here. I can never get over how the parking lot is so completely  gross. Carts are always every where, its like an obstacle course just to get in. Then theres the garbage all over the ENTIRE front of the store. Come on , ten minutes tops to sweep up this mess & make it look a little cleaner.  Wtf? The produce area was recently made over but it still looks under construction. Self check out is ALWAYS a problem. Don't bother saying you have your own bag when the machine asks, it registers as I NEED HELP to cashiers and causes a scene. Last night, all 6 self check outs were broken , the guy in charge just let us all stand there without explaining to us the problem. I give up!
