5	This place is magical; it's right in the middle of the park and is a close walk to everywhere in Le Plateau. The ice surface was perfect for an afternoon of skating with people of all ages and skill levels. The music was nice, the trees and benches in the middle provided a great place to rest and to people watch and the beer inside when you're done is only 4,50$. The best part is, the skating is free and there's lots of parking if you need it. Bring your own lock for the locker and come on down. The rink is open until 10pm.
3	The pros: big ice surface, lovely park, free to skate, skate rentals available.The cons: no place to take a break, challenging to navigate between changing area and the ice.I wish they would put in some benches at the edge of the ice. They do this on the Rideau Canal in Ottawa and it's a big help for beginning skaters, moms who are watching their kids skate, etc. There are surely some benches sitting around somewhere from all the bus stop benches that were taken out for the winter. (Note: I see from an older review that they used to have benches -- please bring them back!)It was impossible to walk from the changing area to the ice surface without stepping on concrete. (Ouch! So much for skate sharpening!) There were rubber mats down in places but not everywhere, and often just wide enough for one person despite the steady stream of people both entering and exiting. The temporary wooden steps down to the ice are uneven and slippery. If you have skate guards, use them to walk to the ice. Also, be aware that there are lots of stairs. If you've got kids in a stroller, I'd skip the building altogether and change outside (although, see above re no benches).
5	Now that winter is over (I think, I hope...) I find myself nostalgic for the Lafontaine skating pond. It's a great big open space, the ice is kept clean, there are lockers inside, and it's all free if you have your own skates. As a newcomer to Montreal, this was an epiphany - you can just go skating whenever you want! We strapped little "bob" skates onto my toddler's snowboots, dragged our sled on the ice with us, and had many a great day out. After skating and sledding, we'd get some hot cocoa in the cafe upstairs, then trek home to nap. Thinking about it almost makes me wish winter were still here. Almost.
