3	*SIGH*Iced soy caramel macchiato, you are...the bomb. Like *tick tick*...you and you alone deserve 5 stars despite your evil origins (no, I'm not going to go into a long rant or tirade about the nefarious motives of the Starbucks Corporation...it's like complaining about carbs while eating a pb&j sandwich...I'll let you witness my hypocrisy at another time...).However, I get really annoyed when I have a gift card and for some reason or other the cashier says 'the card isn't working in our machine, you will need to call the phone number on the back of the card to get your balance', please give us another form of payment. (Which I invariably do, because I would rather just get the transaction over with instead of bickering with people who handle my consumables (foods, drinks...Drinks...etc.)However, that will not stop me from Yelp!ng my feelings about how you done done me wrong...here goes...1) The gift card is for YOUR store (well, not YOUR store entirely (probably), but it's certainly more YOUR store than MY store, as I imagine you are more likely to claim it than I am...in general...blah blah blah...semantics). The phone number is on the card in YOUR hand. The card number is ALSO on the card that YOU are holding. And you are the one who is processing the purchase. Cashiers are the alchemists of the retail world. I push a card through your window, you not only return my card to me, intact...but you also give me a present (sure, if you're going to get hung up on details, I BOUGHT the present...but you can't tell that just from looking at the card)...and a receipt (ok, the receipt kinda gives you a clue that it isn't 'REALLY' a present...but who looks at receipts anyway? Not I, said the cat!!) It's awesome! Oh...oops, sorry, I got distracted...back to the point...Why aren't YOU able to get the balance of the card and/or type in the 16 digits? It's not like I'm going to go to starbucks.com to buy apparel. (That ain't my style)...The card is going to have to be used at an actual brick and mortar store, because I tend to use Starbucks cards for...(and you can call me crazy if you'd like, in fact, please do...it gives me a warm, tingly feeling all over...or maybe that's the mischievous, frolicsome (is that a word? Well...it is now!) coffee-beany pheromones wafting up to my nose sending a nearly instantaneous salivary response from my brain to my drooling mouth...*mmm...caffeine*) coffee...or sometimes tea if I'm feeling froggy. The card's magnetic strip will quite likely ALWAYS be faulty...but one way or another, you're going to need to figure out how to get that $50 off of the card and into your accounts receivable department...$6 at a time...and2)...Well, there is no '2'. So cashier...for the benefit of everyone else out there with a good-giftcard-gone-bad, please just type in the dang number and we can all move on with our lives. Thanks.
4	Gotta love Starbucks!
3	So I had just left Sally's in this shopping complex and was on my way to JoAnn's when my Starbucks radar kicked in and I saw this little (literally) shop. I honestly didn't think you could walk-in to this location, I thought it was drive-thru only. However, after I received my drink and started to drive off, someone walked in, lol. So FYI, if you want, you can go in, but you probably can't turn around ;)The lady at the drive-thru was nice and I didn't have to wait long for my delicious beverage.
4	Yummy but too expensive for everyday :(
1	I will be the first one to admit that I have a Starbucks addiction and go there each and every day. You may judge me based on the fact I do not support local coffee houses, and that is all fine and dandy. But what I want every morning to start my day is great customer service and a consistently great product. Is this too much to ask? I certainly think not.Occasionally I visit this Starbucks on my lazier mornings because they have a drive thru. I must say, the level of service, plainly stated, sucks here. They make my drink wrong every time and usually argue with me about it. Last time I checked, if I order something daily I know what is should look/taste like. Please just make it right the first time, and if you messed it up.....just say sorry with a smile and re-do it. Enough said. I will never be back to this location again, even on my lazy days. Having the convenience of a drive thru is not worth dealing with the nasty employees and slow service.Now if you want a great Starbucks experience I would highly recommend the location at Scottsdale Fashion Square. Every employee there has a great attitude and John the manager exemplifies consistently great service.
2	Everytime I go through the drive thru at this Starbucks, I end up leaving very frustrated. The wait time is always around 8 minutes, which is way too long for something that should be quick. I will not be coming back to this location!
1	Slowest.  Starbucks.   Ever.  Seriously.  I've gotten more free coffee from this than a support group meeting.  I'd rather pay and get it on time.  I like the employees but maybe speed it up
4	It's Starbucks, so you know what to expect in terms of product. This location gets an above average rating because they have not screwed up my order too often and because it is closest drive-thru location on my way to work. The drive thru entry and exit is a little wonky--but this seems to be the case with all other Starbucks in this area (if I ever happen upon a Starbucks with a thoughtfully designed drive thru, I just may faint from the shock).
2	Slowest Starbucks ever. I have been here numerous times, and it never gets any faster.
4	Love coffee, love Starbucks. place was fast but the girl could hardly understand me through the drive through even when i was speaking loud and very clearly.
1	SLOWEST Starbucks on the face of the earth!! I wrote this review while waiting in the drive thru lane for 14 minutes !! Please hire new people with a sense of urgency. If you absolutely have to have your morning Starbucks fix like I do, DO NOT get trapped in that horrendous drive thru. Get out of your vehicle and go inside because its no fun to start your day with stress !! Ugh !!!!
2	This location has some serious AC issues.  It's either 20 degrees too warm or 20 degrees to cold.  Customers all talk about it but nothing seems to ever get done about it.  The building is really 2 separate rooms.  1 is where you order your drinks and the other is where the sitting area is.  It feels like 2 completely different temperature zones.  They would benefit from a visit from someone to fix their thermostat issues.
2	i usually don't review starbucks because they're generally all the same.this one was just not up to their brand standards, though. you can see on other reviews some of the issues i will mention here.staff wasn't very friendly upon arrival. i ordered a hot beverage in the middle of a hot summer day. yes, i know what i ordered. why are you questioning me? O_o also, if you're going to ask my name, and then ask me to spell it to you, please try to listen. no point in having me spell it to you for you to get something completely different! #unusualnameproblems  it took about 10 minutes for my drink to be made. the guy that took my order just rang me up and walked away leaving the drive-thru barista to hop over to the other bar to make my drink. she didn't seem too pleased. sad thing was this translated into grumpy customer service.i sat down in the room with all the tables and notices that there wasn't really any air flow. it was at least 104 degrees outside, but inside wasn't cool and refreshing like you expect starbucks to be. after sitting a while more, i began to notice how quiet it was in this area with all the tables. i could hear all the baristas bantering back and forth but there was no music!! music adds to the ambiance that IS starbucks. it was just a weird experience all together. thank god there are tons of them around so next time i can just pick an entirely different store to visit.
2	Starbucks is Starbucks-mediocre at best. This particular location is just the slowest one I have been to, and the customer service is little to be desired. Maybe it's because it's a drive thru location? One of the baristas gave me a hard time about getting soy in my coffee? He thought he was being funny but seriously.. You work in customer service, your sarcastic responses to my request are unnecessary. Also? If you're not busy, an iced coffee shouldn't take longer than 5 minutes to prepare.... Just saying. Considering the other reviews, this appears to be a recurrent issue.
2	This location is not up to Starbucks standards. I asked for a refill on my passion tea and the response was "did you just get in the drive through because if so I can't do a refill. I said no, I got it at another location much earlier today but I'll just get a water..she said ok venti? I said yes and I'll also get a veggie breakfast sandwhich." I handed her my gift card and debit card to reload it. I said I have a coupon code and I had to repeat it twice. She could have just asked if I got my drink in a drive through and gave me the discount for having the same cup and listened for the code better or ask to see it on my phone to get it right. My breakfast sandwhich was cold in the middle and the guy before me got bacon and was asked if that is what he ordered. He said no I thought I ordered...and it was as different one and not the one I ordered. This location is always hiring. Maybe they were new but it seemed more like a lack of customer service skills. I wonder where the supervisor was during all of this. These people need training and the supervisor should have corrected the mistakes on the spot.
1	Worst customer service!  They close their doors before 9, and I was in once and they asked someone to leave because they were closed and it was 4 min till 9!  Refused to refill a kids drink...even tho they have before and ALL other Starbucks have done so!  Worst manager in evenings!  Also, they said they couldn't do a pour over of Sumatra for me...they could only do what was brewing!  Don't waste your time...go to starbucks at Indian bend and scottsdale road!
4	This is a Starbucks - they have coffee.  I do not drink coffee, as I consider it homeless food, but I do drink tea, which I purchased on this visit.  It was not bad.  Also, the scoundrel who took my order said "May the force be with you" as I left, which I believe is a movie reference.  I appreciate his joviality.
1	Worst quality control and timing of any Starbucks I have been to and I still come here every day on my way to work.  Cannot wait for the new one to open.
1	Again. I cannot wait for the new one to open.  This one is slow and has poor quality.
4	My wife really enjoys all the fancy drinks and things they have at a ridiculous price, and she even orders caffeine free drinks for our kids with some whip-cream  and chocolate.  If you can afford it this place is consistent, and delicious,offering a wide variety of coffees, teas, and combinations of them.
3	If you do not like this SBs location go across the street to Target. You will get fast courteous service and coupons good for free Frappuccinos. They often have samples out to try. The staff looks like they enjoy their jobs. Target Starbucks rocks to the heights
4	They've improved their customer service over time. I rather enjoy this specific location and have seen the less reputable baristas as they destroyed my order and either improved or are no longer there....
