5	Mozell IS as good as it gets!!  She is professional and sweet, a real people person.  My hair was unruly, dry and rough and she made it silky, soft and beautiful.  Appointments are on time and not rushed at all- you can really tell that she cares about your hair- just watch the way she brushes it.  My hair is as healthy as it has ever been.  Thank you Mozell!!
5	Service : Mozell's been cutting my mop for years and putting up with my bad jokes for aslong. She gets 5 stars just for that alone. But seriously, I can't be happier with the professional service she delivers every time. As a guy, most stylists see me as an opportunity to catch up on their schedule, or more bluntly give me a 10-15 minute haircut, make it look pretty to my lyin' eyes and send me on my way. Its usually the next day when people start confusing me with Lloyd Christmas from Dumb and Dumber that I realize I've been had. Mozell's different, she takes her time, has style, and makes me look good. People notice when I get my haircut, and actually compliment me.Location: Usually when I go to Old Town Scottsdale, I expect to pay a premium for any service I receive.  However with Mozell, the prices is very reasonable. Even for  the prices for hair products are competitive. Parking is easy as on one side you've got the Arizona School of Real Estate, and the other Buca Di Beppo. Scheduling:  I usually make appointments, but she has squeezed me in in a pinch in short notice--thanks Mozell.Bottom Line; If you have easy hair (like mine) or difficult hair (as it seems most of her clients I see her working with have), give her a call. Your hair will thank you, and your friends will compliment you.One recommendation to Mozell:  Add a Flat Screen above work station so I can watch the Sun Devils!
1	Mozell, I do not know where you are getting your information, I have never cancelled an appointment with Juanita.  If she is telling you that she is not being truthful with you    To be truthful I was always on time for my appointments and was waiting on Juanita   She told me to come at 11 and she would squeeze me I do not think I am wrong for thinking I would be squeezed around 11 or within the hour!!! And if Juanita told you she went looking forme several times tht is also not true. In the 2 hours I sat there I went to the bathroom once in the 2 hour I sat there and she NEVER came to look for me!!! I cannot believe you would write these untruths!!!  I can promise you I NEVER cancelled any appointments and Juanita never came looking for unless she came after 2pm and I sent her a txt when I left   She knew I had to be some where because I told her I couldn't come at 3!   If she didn't want my business why does she txt me telling me when she's working.  Come on Mozell read between the lines something is rotten here!   I was punished because I had not had Juanita do my hair the past few months!!!!
1	Received an email from yelp in forming me that my original post was removed because  it contained an advertisement, so I am posting my original review again.  I had an appointment on Saturday October 5 with Juanita at the salon Mozell and company.  Juanita sent me a text message stating she would squeeze me in at 11am. If the stylist tells u that I think that is an appointment.  I got there before 11,I went into the salon to let Juanita know I was there.  Then I went and sat in the lobby since there is no seating in the salon.  One hour went by, two hours went by!   I said to myself this is crazy!!!!!! Mozell nor Juanita came out to talk to me during this two hour period, to say I'm sorry for the wait it will only be a few more minutes. I was left out there for two hours and all I needed was a cut and style. I told Juanita I would wash my hair the night before. So I left and sent Juanita a text to let her know I was gone, to this day I have received no response. This is HORRIBLE and very very POOR customer service. I will NEVER go back there!!! No one deserves this type of treatment!!!
5	Today I had my first appointment with the sweetest most genuine person I have met in the year and a half I have been in Arizona. I have been searching high and low for beautician who knew hair . I found an angel when I went in today. She is very knowledgeable about taking care of hair. I thought my hair was done and there was no hope, but Mozell gave me hope and saved what this dry heat had did to my hair. She knew exactly what to do. She is NOTHING like these other pretenders out here. If you love your hair then go to MoZell she will certainly have your confident about your hair again and not to mention a comfortable and classy atmosphere.
5	I have been going to Mozell almost 8 years, she had been working at a local hair cutting chain. There was always many request for her waiting to get in with other stylist available, and I always knew she had much more potential. You dont find many stylist with the skills and personality to match. Any wait is worth the time. I am so happy and pleased to see her doing so well at her own location. My most recent cut was as good at the first, never a complaint. THANK YOU!
5	Mozell is the best hairstylist in AZ! I recently moved from Los Angeles to Phoenix and was seriously considering flying back to LA to get my hair done because it didn't seem like anyone knew how to do hair out here. But, I knew that would be doing too much, so I took my time to look for the best out here. I have been on a healthy hair journey to grow my hair waist length and needed to find someone who knew how to do an excellent press and curl while still keeping my hair healthy. I have natural hair and she treats my hair with so much care. She's extremely gentle, which I absolutely love and she's very affordable. Also, ladies out there who are a college student like me, you'll get 10% off every visit. I feel so blessed to have found her first and am sooooooooooo happy I didn't have one of these other "no good" hairstylist do my hair. If you care about your hair then go to Mozell!
5	I went here and was very happy with the result. I have very typical "ethnic" hair you can't cut it when it's wet only a dry cut and surprisingly not a lot of people know how to do that. I had the same hair dresser for 9 years but when I moved out here I had a hard time finding someone who would listen to me and cut my hair dry. Finally after a year and a couple of not so great hair cuts I found Mozell. She is a heaven sent and reasonably priced. She is definitely my new hair dresser. Thank you so much
5	I am from Chicago and recently relocated to Phoenix. I have natural hair and needed to find a hair stylist that specialized in natural hair and is just good with hair overall. Yesterday was my first time at Mozell's and I must say that I was very impressed! Not only can she throw down on some hair, she is a fun down to earth person. Also, her assistant Nikki is a sweetheart and did a great job with prepping me for Mozell. I live with my aunt and cousin who when saw my hair as I walked through the door were in amazement. They were asking me all about my experience and I told them I would definitely be back. My cousin said she will definitely be coming with me when I do. I called my sister who will be relocating here next year and told her I found the "One" for our hair. I am so happy Mozell called me back last week after leaving a message and speaking with her regarding scheduling an appointment. I am more than pleased with my hairstyle and very happy I don't have to look any further. Thanks Mozell!!!
5	Mozell has been my hairdresser for several years now & I love her like a sister.Unlike a lot of hair stylists, she's very gentle on your hair. I am infamously "tender headed" but with Mozell, it's never been an issue. I almost forget she's even touching my hair when I'm there.Additionally, she uses high quality products, and is a master colorist. Her pricing is reasonable & fair as well which cannot be overlooked here in the land of "exorbitantly high priced Black hairstylists". I also have to remark that she is extremely personable, charming, and fun to talk to- which definitely helps pass the time. All these things combined make Mozell a local treasure! I can't imagine trusting my hair with anyone else.
5	No offense to my fellow ladies out there but I don't do weaves. Ever. It's just not my thang. I like to keep my hair homegrown and not store bought, mmmmk? I also let go of that creamy crack (aka relaxers) many many moons ago. So when I relocated to metro Phoenix, I searched and searched and SEARCHED for a salon that could handle my natural black hair. I even contemplated taking the 5ish hour drive back to San Diego to go back to my old hairdresser. Then I found Mozell. And how ridiculously happy am I that I did! She is fantastic. She walked though the entire process from end to end about what she was doing, what I could do at home in between salon visits, etc. I mean, honestly, she already won me over after I found out she watched Scandal and How to Get Away with Murder, so being able to do my hair was just icing on the cake. I've already referred some other ladies to her. Check her out, ladies! You wont' be disappointed.
5	Hi ladies!I had to post a review for Mozell, not because she asked, but because I wanted too!My experience was phenomenal & after being in the valley for 20+ years I have finally found my stylist!Please know that I will NOT be going anywhere else to have my hair done. I was a avid wig & weave person because I couldn't find anyone to do my natural hair, plus I was doing my own & continually messing it up. No mo, nooo mo will I personally have to do my hair it is now been given to my new hairdresser!Thank you Mozell & your staff :)R2
