4	No, this isn't a new restaurant.  For 30 years, east Charlotte enjoyed the Steak 'n Hoagie Shop and due to roadwork, they have found a new home in Stallings...and I'm grateful.  I would drive by the Burger Shop and think maybe but it never had enough cars out front for me to go inside.  That closed, the building looked dilapidated but one day, it opened as Kavkaz.  Every time I drove by Kavkaz, I thought of that Seinfeld when Jerry convinced Babu to open a Pakistani restaurant that failed.  I think he was deported or something...I loved that show.  Anyway, the Steak 'n Hoagie Shop opened and its doing very well.  I tried just a regular cheesesteak along with the onion rings and I must say, I'm impressed.  Since I've been down here, I have yet to have a really great cheesesteak (had a couple good ones, lots of someone's interpretation of a philly) until now.  Everything was very good and even the onion rings were great.  I look forward to going back and being more adventurous with my order.  The only disappointment is that I wish they had fried mushrooms but oh well.
4	First, congrats to them for still being open! The location is cursed and nothing seems to last. Yesterday was my first visit and I will be back. I had a basic philly cheesesteak with a greek salad & soda for the low price of $7 (and some change). They offer a nice variety of items, the employees were nice & my food was ready in less than 10 minutes. Was it the best philly I've had, no, but it was very good and I have no complaints.
4	Still one of the best steak sandwiches around.  Always fresh bread and ingredients.
2	Overall not a bad steak sandwich, the French fries can use a little help.  Price was fair and the size of the sandwich was perfect.
5	We so love your Greek Salad w/ Grilled Chicken. It is the bomb.
4	The cheesesteak is really awesome and I love the pasta salad. Prices are very reasonable and the employees are always friendly.
5	Im from Philly...lots of experience with cheese steaks and hoagies....have in nc sc for 20 years..this is the best sandwhich had in all that time!
4	I especially love their fries as it is crispy the way that I like it! I have had the Bigfoot Burger which was quite filling.
5	Friendly, Super food!!  My husband & I lived in Crete, Greece for 3 years and  this so close to the Greek food I had to make sure I was still in North Carolina.  Wish I could give it more stars!!
4	YAY FOR THEIR GREEK SALAD WITH CHICKEN!!!    Their salad is probably one of the best that I've ever had.  My husband brought one home for me, and my first instinct was to grab a knife and fork to cut it up.  I USUALLY have to cut salads into bite-size pieces since most restaurants tend to serve them with huge pieces of lettuce - but not this time.  No knife was necessary for anything...not even the chicken pieces on top - which were plentiful.  Also, I love feta cheese, so I was happy that they use small chunks of feta rather than crumbles of it.  To me, crumbles of feta cheese just don't taste as good as small chunks.   The cucumber slices were even decorative looking rather than just plain sliced.  This tells me that they really care about the appearance of their finished product.  The greek dressing was also good.   My only wish for the Matthews/Indian Trail location is that they had the Greco menu option that their other locations do.
5	One of the few restaurants where the food looks like the pictures on the menu. Excellent subs, and their fries are stellar. Would recommend to almost anyone.
