4	I am a big fan of indie bookstores. Changing Hands is a good one, if mostly for the cozey atmosphere. Mmmmm booksmell. Good size store, plenty of new books with some used scattered throughout. They have a gifty section and an appropriately overflowing children's/young adult department. They are also attached to Wildflower Bread Co. Mmmm breadsmell. And they offer a kind of "Frequent Buyer" card that you can get punched for every certain amount you spend & you get a discount when you fill a card.Disappointing selection of design books. Borders wins hands down when it comes to that. There are folks on staff who can conduct rare book searches, but I wasn't impressed as they never called me back on the two searches they were supposed to do for me.I wish they had more places for customers to park themselves and read, as stools/benches/the floor isn't very comfy.
5	Love , love this place! The oldest  and largest independent bookstore in the state! The staffers are dedicated to making reading cool again. They are knowledgeable and can help you find the book you are looking for even if you give them measly clues, like: "...ummm...the cover is blue, and I think the author's last name starts with a P...sounds Indian." How? Well, it's obvious that they are a well-read group whose literary tastes range from,chick-lit to teen fantasy, from bestselling novels to graphic novels, from self-help to erotica, from political to the new classic children's picture books.The store also hosts amazing authors who probably didn't  even consider including Phoenix in their book tour 7 years ago. They've had authors like Michael Moore, Sen. Hillary Clinton, Diana Gabaldon, Christopher Moore (who's coming back, BTW), Malcolm Gladwell, Tony Bourdain, Byron Katie, Madeliene Albright, Sen. John McCain to name a few. And most recently, they've hosted Sen. Barack Obama and Pres. Carter (boy , that was a wild one!). Getting those authors into the Valley is Changing Hands' way of promoting  reading, especially to the younger set. Even more, CHB is a founding member of Arizona Chain Reaction, a coalition that supports independently-owned businesses who try to educate the community about how buying locally can benefit the community. They don't condemn big businesses at all. They simply encourage consumers to support small, independent businesses equally. I hear that their PR person gives free lectures to owners of small businesses on how to market and publicize their businesses.I love it because I get to meet a very diverse group of people. It's fun chatting with an ASU archeology professor about which picture books kids are going for; or explaining to a North Scottsdale woman what Tibetan singing bowls are; or describing how the chocolate rods (from Granny's Chocolates, of course) taste like to a professional ballet dancer; or sharing the embarassment of appearing "big" on TV to a homeless person; or reminiscing about the music you grew up listening to with aging hippies...and yes, the pseudo-hippies as well. Now located in suburban Tempe (driven away by high costs, etc. from the downtown area), the store seems to have kept their customer base through the years and changes. What's even more wonderul is that, now, they have managed to cater to the younger crowd, the hipsters, and even to the 30-something suburban women who might be afraid to encounter (gasp!) dread-locked, patchouli-scented boys and girls.And although CHB staffers are the most educated group of people I know (I would say: 70% have one or more Bachelor's degrees, maybe 10% have their Master's degrees, and the remaining 20% are still working on it), they are not perfect. But they are hardworking, funny, creative, and know how to party well.I know all this because I practically live there and I truly dig the place! Just have them page me.
5	gotta love an independent book store in a world of huge chains like Barnes and Noble.they've always had a book i was looking for, and plenty of gift items for someone on your list. plus, they are ALWAYS hosting some author or event... i get press releases every other day about another event here. Local and national authors, big and small, from books on sex in your 60s to workshops on how to get your children's book published. they really have a sense of community, bringing people together, holding events that will truly benefit their customers, and 99% of the events are FREE.plus, they're right by Trader Joe's and Wildflower, so it's a fun little pit stop before morning coffee or after a shopping trip.
5	Awesome independent bookstore.  Helpful staff answer my sometimes inane questions with a smile.  Simple loyalty program costs nothing to join and adds up pretty fast.  Excellent ambiance, conveniently connected to a Wildflower Bread Company.  Also next door to Trader Joe's, so all your alternative shopping needs in one place.Many author events and book signings.
5	It's hard to believe it's not a huge chain bookstore, but I totally agree with other reviewers who also loved the place.I've been really wanting a good book to read for awhile, and having exhausted common 'bestsellers' and authors I've read for awhile, I wanted to find a new author to be a fan of.Changing Hands has great suggestions that make you believe they don't have an ulterior motive for choosing those books (what, they actually read it and didn't steal the idea from Oprah's book club?), they even include a little blurb summarizing the gist of said books.Extremely friendly and helpful staff, comfortable clean environment in which to peruse your books to your heart's content.  I only wish I had one closer to me...although today's hour long drive was worth it.Just don't go for the Harry Potter midnight sale tonight unless you like chaos.  Yikes!
5	Such a fun store!  They have all kinds of gifts like jewelry that I haven't seen other places, and a ton of books!  In my opinion an inordinate amount of floorspace is taken up by hippie/ spiritual/ new age stuff.  The science fiction, fantasy and science sections are somewhat lacking especially as far as used books go.  I do love to go there though for gifts or to buy books for myself!  It is always fun and they do usually have books I want.
4	Cool place. I couldn't find a book I needed (it was somewhat rare, can't blame them), and I agree with the orgininal poster that the design selection was limited. Those are the reasons for the one star off. I could care less that its "independent". Its quality, but I honestly don't see a difference between here and any other bookstore (in terms of selection, aethetic, etc) other than it being frequented by the mountain-biker-in-spandex-shorts type. Then again I don't go to a bookstore to interact w/ people, I go to get books. So it's purpose is served.
5	Excellent independent bookstore. I've been going there for years, and followed them from their original location on Mill Ave. The staff are helpful, friendly, knowledgeable, and well read. I've always been able to find the niche book I happen to be looking for, and usually, a couple of additional ones "land in my basket". They have both new & "pre-read" books, so you can often pick up a gently used copy for 1/3 the price of new.
5	This is the BEST bookstore in the valley -- and it's an independent establishment! You can find great deals on new and used books, plus tons of unique gifts. Make this a day trip, as you will get lost in here for hours on end.+ check out RedSeven Computers (across the street by Frys) for the coolest computer geeks in town.
5	After reading about this place here on Yelp, I decided it was time to wander into this marvelous establishment once and for all, and check it out.   I was in the market to purchase a book, and thought why not wander in here to see if they had it or not.I arrived, and immediately I fell in love.  Warm, clean enviroment that had lots to view.  I got lost in the front half of the store with all of the cool stuff that they had, with the cute magnets, funny tins for change, candles and knick knacks for sale.  I wandered to the back of the store where the books were and was happy with the selection that they had.  Organized like a traditional "big box" bookstore, everything was easy to locate and appealing to the eye.I ended up going to the service counter in the back to see if they could locate the book that I wanted, and was helped by a nice guy who not only paid attention to what I was saying, but walked me to the area that my book should have been.  Unfortunately, they did not have it in stock, but I was told that it could be ordered if I was interested.Staff was great, store is clean and organized, and I was happy to see that they sold more then books.  Its also attached to a wildflower bakery if you would like to grab a bite to eat or drink.  I ended up grabbing a muffin and sat in the back reading my own book that I brought with me for the Yelpers book club at the end of the month.This place is worth going out of your way for, and I highly reccomend it.  Great independant location.
5	I never knew how great Arizona could be until I visited my brother in Tempe last week.Changing Hands is fun, I ended up spending around $25 for a used book, a cute bookmark, a plush hamster, and some cards with cupcakes on them.  They get major bonus points for carrying nifty tools such as the spaghetti fork that twirls for easy eating.  If you need to write thank you cards they have a great selection to choose from.My cashier was very nice, and the atmosphere was comfortable.  I think some of the customers had been setting up camp in there for most of the morning.  The best part is you don't need to worry about packing rations since they have a cafeteria attached to the store.
4	This place is great!  It's not only a used bookstore, but it's a giftshop, too!  There were fun greeting cards and comical trinkets ("Believe in God Breath Freshener") aplenty.  Along with the Irish Gift store on University, it's another great place to go if you're looking for a gift for someone difficult to shop for!  There's got to be something here that fool will like.The shop is also connected to the Wildflower Bread Company so that you can enjoy some carb-y treats with coffee before or after your shopping experience (not too sure if they let you bring food in the store).  I was a little disappointed, however, with the book prices.  Accustomed to McKay's, a used bookstore in Knoxville, TN, I thought this store might have prices as low as theirs (i.e., $1-5 for a paperback).  I was perusing the Kurt Vonnegut novels and I think the cheapest one I found was $11 or $12.  I mean, that's not steep or anything, but I would have expected to find the same price at Barnes and Noble or Borders.  The only hot spot for low prices I found in the store was the sale section at the back.  There are some gems back there, but you have to spend a little time looking.  I was really proud of the big book on dreaming I bought for only 75 cents!The store also has authors come in every week to talk about their work.  Book discussions range from kid- to adult-oriented, from non-fiction to fiction, from sci-fi to romance.  You can peruse the schedule on their website.  I'm sure this feature is one big reason why the bookstore has received so many accolades in professional journals and popular publications alike.  Overall, I was impressed with this place.  Although it's not as cheap as the used bookstores I'm used to (the reason for the 4-stars), it still provides the quintessentially one-of-a-kind-bookshop experience.
5	i could see myself spending major amounts of money at this place if i lived here.it's a well organized bookstore.  the sections are well defined and in a logical order.  they have a bunch of knick knack items and new books as well as used books.you can trade in your old books.  they have stamp cards, for every $100 you get $10 off your next purchase.
4	These are the types of bookstores I like, independently owned.  Unfortunatly I've been there 2 times where they didn't have what I was looking for.  But if I'm going in there with nothing in mind, I leave with tons of stuff.  It's also great for gifts when you don't know what to get someone, they have lots of crafty local artist stuff for sale.
3	After an afternoon of looking for books at several places, Changing Hands Bookstore had what I was looking for.  Since I am working on my dissertation, I am finding that I need kinda weird books i.e. Hegel's Phenomenology for starters, and other philosophy, cultural theory stuff, and finding some of the books I need at Changing Hands was a blessing.  I am holding back on the points just because i think they can do better!My rec is to go here first!  If they don't have your book, then have a cookie and iced tea next door.
4	Everytime I enter this store, I enter into a state of bliss. It appeals to all my senses. I love the smell of the incense and the books themselves. Everything I see I want to touch (luckily I can control this impulse). It borderlines on obnoxious how much I love it here. Luckily, they have great stamper cards and teacher discounts so that I can feed my addiction at semi-reasonable prices. They have some books that the chains don't have, and seating areas. Wildflower Cafe is right next store, so after securing purchases, a muffin is a perfect ending to a sensory book-buying experience.
5	Best bookstore in town, for all of the reasons everyone has written below.  I miss the old location on Mill... but the new location is near lots of other cool stuff.  And I love the gifts section... can always find something neat and eclectic for a birthday etc.
5	Really, as good as bookstores get! Of course you could find books for cheaper at bigger chain bookstores but if you like to support independent businesses, definitely stop by. I almost always find the book I need (new and used) and have always enjoyed myself at their various events. Stop by for lunch or dinner at Wildflower Bread Company right next door and take a look.
5	Changing Hands is my favorite bookstore in the valley!  (Haven't tried Bookman's or Bookstar, yet.)  It is truly such a treat to stop by here everytime.  I really must visit often.  I love the occasional book readings/signings held here.  My first-ever was Gilbert's _Eat Pray Love_.  How fun!!  Another nice event was the complimentary viewing of "An Inconvenient Truth."  I'd wanted to see that movie for many months, and it was nice to finally view it here and then have a Q&A session afterwards.  I enjoy the clusters of privacy and gift-sections to be found throughout the store.  Having Wildflower Bread Co. next door is quite convenient, although I always seemed to have just dined whenever I visit CHB... I'll have to make it a point to eat at Wildflower before shopping for books on my next visit!
5	What's most notable about Changing Hands is all the well known authors they've had for speaking engagements/book signings. The list is quite impressive! The frequent stamp cards are nice, as are the great selection of books, but I find myself drifting over to the gift section more often than not. I especially like their great selection of unique cards, hand painted wooden things, bookmarks, beautiful journals, and Solari bells. I think I've spent just as much on cute little things for myself as I have books!
5	I'm an avid reader and ever since I visited City Lights Books in San Francisco, I was desperate to find a good independent bookstore in the East Valley.  Although Changing Hands is not quite City Lights, it comes in close second.  Here's why (+ positive, - negative, -/+ neutral):+ They are organized.  Nothing Like Bookman's.+ They have wonderful customer service.  I love everyone that works here.  They are always willing to help you find a book you'll enjoy.  Plus, they're knowledgeable, unlike B&N employees.+ Book signings here are bomb.  I saw Stephanie Meyer shortly after she published Twilight.  It was legit.+ PUNCH CARD!! Any bookstore that has a punch card is a friend in my book.  I actually have a full one right now that I need to utilize to get my 10% off!-/+ I like Paradise Bakery, but I don't like them hitched to a bookstore.  It can be noisy sometimes.
5	Changing Hands is such an awesome bookstore that I just love going to browse their collection. They have some of the best used books selection and also a good selection of new books. They are continually having special guests and events that keep me going back. I have honestly found most of my Chuck Palahniuk's collection at Changing Hands and all have been first editions, some were even signed. Plus their connected to Mayflower Bread Co. which is delicious as well but that's another review.So check it out and if you'll be going back ask about their punch cards for extra savings. Happy Reading.
5	It's probably not worth reviewing Changing Hands, since everyone else already has... but I can't help myself.As far as the selection -- well, I've seen better at other indie bookstores. BUT most of those bookstores don't carry new AND USED books. And that, in my opinion, is what makes Changing Hands rock.And, unlike a lot of other used bookstores, Changing Hands actually buys books back at fair prices -- and sells their used book inventory at low prices, too. The last time I came here, I brought three huge boxes of books. I expected the workers to get really annoying with me for bringing in so much - but they were nothing but polite. And, even better, I got a $98 store credit! I was definitely not expecting that!I also love the staff's choices of books. There are always some great finds in there.
5	This place makes me a happy girl. It's just bonus that it's next to the Trader Joe's I frequent. They sell both new and used books which IMO is pretty awesome. They have a decent selection of used books but not the best OR it could be that they just sell out of the good used stuff quickly. They have a fun selection of novelty items and a cozy atmosphere. I could spend hours in here looking at everything.
5	Let me just add a "me too" to the list of those who just love this bookstore.  The eclectic selection of books, the wonderful staff and authors that show up to talk makes this a wonderful asset to all of the East Valley.    One thing everyone should do is sign up for the email list so they don't miss anything that happens at Changing Hands.
4	Very good store, in my book. :)I have enjoyed the exception range of authors they have come into speak. I think they do a great job for keeping an exceptional selection and prices. It is in the same center as Trader Joe's it is a good two stop shop. I recommend stopping in with a few hours to browse or check out the website to meet an author. could be a great cheap date :)http://www.changinghands.com
4	First, in the interest of full disclosure, I used to work here, and I loved it -- the people I worked with were knowledgeable and friendly, we put on fantastic events, we sold a whole wide variety of independent novels (check out the Page23 section; never bought something from there I didn't love) and the store was generally amazing.Not much has changed since I left; there's been a massive amount of staff turnover, which was disconcerting, but nothing to discourage your average shopper.  I fully appreciate now how close CHB is to Trader Joe's and Wildflower now -- it makes the trek to Tempe so much more productive.Absolutely stop by CHB if you're looking for anything creative, indy, signed, offbeat, first-edition, or fascinating.  You'll find it, I assure you.
4	I think Bonnie G's review says it all.I'm glad that there is a place like this in the valley. Lord knows this place could use just one or two real legit indie bookstores. But...this store could also push the envelope a little more. Their women's section pales in comparison to their eastern spirituality section - which I get it you're in Tempe, Arizona - not Brooklyn. But still...there is an opportunity to educate the community on lots of things. I do like that they have lots of events and lots of variety in their events. I know that a business here still needs to know their audience and I think Changing Hands does that fairly well. To reiterate, I have criticisms but overall I am really, truly grateful for this place. I loved customer appreciation day on the 1st. I like that I can get coffee next door. I like that there is a Trader Joe's within 100 feet. And I wish they had more of the shirts that say "Eat, Sleep, Read." for purchase.
5	Hmmm. What can I say about Changing Hands that hasn't already been said. It gets great reviews for a reason because it is what it is - a fantastic independent, neighborhood  bookstore. It's locally owned and those local owners get a whole lot of coin out of me every year, especially at the holidays. I love that I can walk there from my house. I love that it's attached to Wildflower Bread Co. I love that they have as many of the eclectic titles as they do the mainstream sellers. And, thanks to the staff picks, I discovered books like "Water for Elephants" and the "English Major" last year. If you're expecting a pristine store, get off your high horse. The shelves get a bit messy by the end of the day (no where more so than in the kid's books) because this is one of those stores where patrons will sit down on the floor and peruse the first few pages of a book to decide if it's one they want to buy. The staff, however, is always quick to help you find something in the clutter.They host myriad author readings, including John McCain and Abigail Thomas. They also put together events for major releases of new books, like a midnight sale of the final book in the Harry Potter series. If I should be so lucky, I would want to own/operate a book store like Changing Hands when I retire ... got about 20 years of visiting the store between now and then so maybe I can learn a few of their secrets to success.
5	Simply put, this is a perfect little independent and locally owned bookstore with a very pleasant and knowledgeable staff.  They have new and used books, and you'll find people getting comfortable and reading just about anywhere they can find a spot.  They have fair prices and most likely take used book donations.I highly recommend.  If only I had more time to read.
5	super great neighborhood bookstore. it's local and not owned by the man. jimmy carter will be there signing books in febuary.  They have new and used book and something is always on sale. It's attached to wild flower and next to macs.
5	I am incredibly impressed with this book store and I didn't even purchase anything yet. After bike riding around on a Saturday we stopped in to hang out and look around. The staff was awesome, giving recommendations and proving how well rounded and knowledgeable they were about the authors and selections. I hadn't been to a used and new bookstore in a long time and I forgot how much I loved the varying selections. I was able to sit and read and look and magazines. I was always asked if I was still doing okay by employees. The fact that I was not in a commercialized Barnes and Noble or Borders was refreshing. I noticed there was book signings, lower prices, interesting staff choices, and more obscure items. All these things separate Changing Hands as being friendly and more approachable. I really can't wait to get back and look around some more...
5	Changing Hands is the perfect bookstore. These types of places just don't seem to exist, but Changing Hands has managed to survive.Allow me to begin by saying that this bookstore does not have anywhere near the selection of a Barnes and Noble (or probably a Borders, but I don't go into that garbage store and cannot be sure). With that said, there are a few reasons to shop here.First, and most importantly, they have well priced used books. I believe most of their used books are $7.50. They are also all in pristine condition. Now, $7.50 used isn't always that great for a paperback. You can do better online quite often. What's notable, however, is that their hardcovers are typically $7.50 as well. This is a fantastic price and is hard to beat.Second, the location of CH is perfect. This is one of the best plazas out there. Wildflower, Trader Joe's, Mac's, Jamba Juice--you can't go wrong.Third, and finally, Changing Hands is a local store, and many good things come with that. The staff is extremely friendly. From what I can tell, they are all hardcore book nerds and you have to love that. The store also has a very welcoming feel to it. Once you're in, you will realize how extremely friendly everyone is. No, not just the staff--the customers. Everyone is talkative, friendly, and just seems to be happy. They are all indulging in one of their hobbies in one of the most inviting stores I have ever seen. Someone will ask the staff "who wrote such and such?". The staff will almost assuredly spot a regular and ask him or her  "who wrote such and such". If he doesn't know, someone else will  probably pipe up. It's this type of thing that makes it a great store. Overall, it just has a great atmosphere.The only negative comment I can make about Changing Hands is how hippy it is. There's a ton of books on spiritual techniques, new age methods, buddhism, and whatever the hell else hippies/hipsters think makes them look more cultured. Of course, this just goes along with the Tempe, Trader Joe's, and book reading demographic, so I can't blame them for meeting the inherent demand.
4	We live a mile away and visit often, but if it were across town it would still be worth the trip.  Independent booksellers don't lack for challenges, but this store meets them all.  They have great visiting author events, a wide selection of stuff i enjoy reading from the shelf.  Sometimes I buy stuff, too.  In fact, they are not only a book shop but a gift shop in our neighborhood, because the wind chimes, cards, curios etc are usually top notch.These folks really know their stuff, and with Wildflower Bread Company next door, some family members can eat while others browse and buy.Bill
5	This is the best bookstore in the entire country - and I say that after spending thousands of bucks in as many as bookshops as I can get too. Why do I like it so much? They're local, they put used and new books right next to each other on the same shelf, have consistently good author events, kid friendly, attached to a good place to eat, have clean bathrooms, excellent staff, good website, great selection of gifts, and always have sale books, plus they are located 3 doors down from another smaller used book shop and everyone gets along! Then of course, they are in the same strip mall as a Trader Joe's with parking, a few good restaurants, a Walgreen's, SteinMart, Baskin Robbins, a day care...really strip malls are never this good.  I just hope this recession doesn't alter the oasis.Note: Another reviewer compared it to City Lights in SF - I really think Changing Hands is better.  Maybe it's because Changing Hands is accessible and has an extremely helpful staff without being pretentious.
5	I love Changing Hands! These guys are great. I was looking for a book a few months ago, and Border's wouldn't stock it for me at a reasonable price. I went over to Changing hands, and they had it on the shelf. I was amazed! The fact that they are local, and they stock any book I need is reason enough for me to go there! Keep it up Changing hands!
5	I love this bookstore! Used and new titles at affordable prices, helpful staff, lots of fun gifty items. I love bookstores where the fiction section has large tables filled with great suggestions - I don't think you can leave this place without buying something. There's a great religion/spirituality/new age section (I even got to see some random dude meditating and blocking the hallway. You know it's a great bookstore when there are men criss-cross-apple-sauce deep in thought blocking the isles.) The bookstore has a very grass-roots-helping-local-businesses-succeed atmosphere. I will buy here (and trade in) often.
2	All I can say is whats the big deal!?!? Why does everybody love Changing Hands? I went there yesterday and ehhh, its just okay. The selection didnt wow me; heres a tip a book store with a great selection of new and used books, amazon.com. Bam, I know, I just blew your mind. Some of the reviews talk about how its so clean inside. Wait a clean bookstore? Because my biggest problem in bookstores is finding transients shooting up in the stacks, ummmm no. I have never been in a "filthy" bookstore (if you dont count zorbas, but thats a whole other story)Overall Changing Hands had a poor selection and was mediocre at best.
5	What's the big deal?  Atmosphere, knowledgeable staff, local products and good selection.  I shop at Amazon and at Changing Hands.I really think this is a great place.  I buy most of my gifts from here, I like to give books and local artist's stuff.  The store is a really jewel in valley because of its local flavor and its commitment to keeping Tempe smart and informed.  There are very few bookstores as good as this one in America anymore, clean, stocked and popular.And being attached to a Wildflower is good for anybody.
4	I have been a long time customer here.Not necessarily for the books, but they have great little things to get for people as gifts. They can be pretty expensive. I really like their journals, and i dont think their book selection is that good, but i'm not sure though. You could probably find a better buy online, like amazon.com. If you want some crap to clutter your house you could find that here too, haha. Forget the books i will continue to go here for its great gift ideas anyways! Yay, Changing Hands!
4	This place is SO much better than Bookmans!! Everyone was very friendly and the place was clean. I found all of the books I was looking for. They just changed their policy for trade in. They will only give you store credit, no cash. That's fine by me! it is right next to Wildflower, a bar and Trader Joes woo hoo!!
5	I always go just to clear my mind, but always end up buying another book :O. It is just too tempting. I've got really good deals on hard copy used books in almost new conditions! And they have so many interesting new books and there is always some author or an activity going on. It is very much like a home place.
5	Changing Hands is the ONLY bookseller I will EVER go to in this city. The staff is fantastic, the atmosphere is amazing and you will always get a great price. The events that they hold are unparalleled - I have met some of my favorite authors there. True Story:A few years ago, I was looking for a hard to find book, and had checked out B&N, Borders, Bookmans, and I couldn't find it anywhere. I walked into Changing Hands and asked for it. They  special ordered it for me and didn't charge me until I picked it up. Great, great helpful bookseller.
5	My preferred bookstore, they have a very good selection of books on Celtic Paganism. The atmosphere is excellent, staff always helpful, prices are good, and, the place is ACTUALLY organized. You can occasionally find some great finds. Recently I found a old leather bound version of To Kill A Mockingbird for $8. I always tour the discount tables out front featuring some great discounted books. Sometimes if you find a title you like you can dig the stack and find a trade in version, which will save you a bit. There is plenty of parking, but getting a spot close can be challenging on popular days.
5	This is a prime example of why this website is so useful.  I didn't know anything about this store until reading some of these reviews.  The atmosphere was very cool and they seemed to have decent prices on used books.  I plan to go back when I have some more time to browse.  I also need to bring a list with me because I completely choke under the pressure whenever I go to book stores or music stores and can never remember what I wanted.  I came in this time to pick up "When You Are Engulfed In Flames" by David Sedaris for a reasonable price.  I suppose I may have paid more at a Barnes & Noble or something.  Had to put back "Pride & Prejudice & Zombies" until next time.I believe this will become my new bookstore, especially since Hoodlums is next door.
5	Hands down my favorite bookstore in Tempe! I picked up a couple of unique cookbooks here, "Not Your Mother's Slow Cooker" and "A Passion for Cheese". Better yet, they were both marked down. It is definitely worth perusing the outdoor sales tables outside of this bookstore for great bargains.I also showed up for an event here and got a book signed by the author. The book was "Bacon: A Love Story", which made for a great gift for my friends who are both chefs. They even had Wildflower Bread Company next door, provide some complimentary bacon-based goodies!The number of knick-knacks and gift items that you can find throughout the store make it a worthwhile shopping destination, especially if you are prone to shipping care-packages to friends and just need those two or three wacky items to round out the box.Love this place. Will be a repeat customer forever. Especially if they provide BACON!
5	Changing Hands has been one of my favorite book/gift shops for years.  Last night a friend and I attended a fabulous writer's event that featured several writers, illustrators and an agent.  They offer many free amazing events.  If you haven't checked out this little gem make sure you head over and check out their website for events.They carry a wide variety of books including heavily discounted used.  You can bring in your old books for credit too.
5	I drive by this place twice a day on my way to and from work. For 2 1/2 years. And I'd never stopped in until yesterday, when the books on the sidewalk outside called my name on my way to Trader Joes. This place is amazing! I had no idea it was so big. I love anywhere with books, but when you have cute gifts, trinkets and other fun stuff, it makes it even better! I only picked up one book, but I wish I would have had the money (and the shelf space!), I would have gotten a dozen more. I will also have to take more time next time to read the staff recommendations, which there were a lot. Excellent touch!
5	Whenever I walk into Changing Hands, I get this happy little butterfly feeling I can't explain. I am definitely a kid in a candy shop....No more like Charlie in Wonka's Chocolate factory. This is the most delightful bookstore in Phoenix in my opinion. They have a nice selection of new and used books and lots of fun unique etc. items for purchase. I have found some semi rare stuff here. The staff is soo frickin friendly, it's ridiculous. I just feel at home when I am here and never want to leave.
3	While I get that it's a great bookstore, I don't understand why everyone thinks it's the best. More than once, they've not had newer books I was looking for (that should have been easy enough to find) and the staff seem elitist and stuffy, as if I'm not "Green" enough to shop there, and were never around when I actually needed help.This is a great place if you're into, for lack of a better word, Hippy things. But not the non-materialistic Hippy, more like the "I have so much money that I don't need to buy mass produced things" Hippy.The best part about this store is that they have a ton of events and seem to be really involved in the community. They also have a ton of unique and/or handmade gift items - a huge portion of the store is dedicated to this - but make sure to have a lot of disposable cash because it's all expensive.Besides events or out of sheer boredom, I wouldn't go out of my way to shop here.
5	I love this bookstore.  I took my one-year old yesterday because we had to get out of the house while we had people there working.  I needed something to DO with her, and it had to be close to someplace good for lunch... Changing hands was PERFECT.  Our morning went like this: My little one playing on the train table (literally ON it... ugh, kids!), up the step to look pull a dozen books off the shelf, look through them, then back to the train table to throw everything onto the floor with an "uh-oh" as each one dropped, back up the steps to check out their stuffed animals and toys, all the while I'm doing damage control and cleaning up after her, as I scan the shelves for some used books at my step daughter's reading level... SUCCESS!  I found a cute early reader for her for $1.50!  After our lunch at Wildflower, I came back to Changing Hands and got some adorable thank  you notes to send out for my daughter's first birthday party.  All in all, it was a fun, productive morning and I can't wait to spend another morning here with my daughter.
5	My favorite independent bookstore in all the wide world.
3	Fair warning: This covers both a review on the location and the Post Secret Event.My appreciation of these books and that of nearly a hundred others is amazing. I haven't seen rain or wind like this in Arizona in a while, but people from all over the Valley braved highways and waterlogged streets to attend a PostSecret event at the bookstore. I show up in one piece, having dodged crazy drivers, to see that the rather large plaza Changing Hands is in filled with parked cars. As I snagged a place I wondered if people would park in another lot and frogger it across the street. Changing Hands was warm, and smelled like spice, bread (probably because of the Wild Flower Bread Company attached) and a library - that fabulous smell of new books and old books which stirs the imagination and, especially since Changing Hands is a used book store, of what rare gem you might find tucked away on a shelf between two new/newer releases. The front of the store, a good fourth of the entire space, is a showcase to what I am assuming is local crafts: jewelry, notebooks, wallets, soaps, tea/tea cups and an interesting new take on a charm bracelet (it's a clear locket that you open up and drop small charms into... anyway...)The rest of the store is like all other bookstores; broken down by genre. It was rather easy to find my way around the store but in retrospect I was surprised that it didn't have as large of a selection of new books as a chain location nor the used selection that a place like Half-Priced Books or Bookmans would have. All-in-all nice store, great staff and an easy to access location.I waited in line with gaggle of teens and young adults barely in their 20s. Dozens were already seated and the remaining area was standing room only. The event started soon after and if you've ever read the PostSecret books the whole event unraveled like one large secret. Frank Warren talked about his past, his secret postcards within each book, how the whole idea got started. He was genuine, and during the question/answer session listened almost as if he held his breath, waiting to hear what the audience member had to say. He always thanked the audience members for sharing their experiences and thanked them for the "good questions". It was amazing to be sitting with other people that found the books just as fascinating as I did. You could feel it in that little area we were in, cocooned from the rest of the store, as we all listened, focusing solely on him, and the secrets of strangers that somehow united us.
4	I love to read.  I mean I really love to read, about a book a day on average.  With that in mind, books are not cheap, and I love "recycling" them to save money and paper.  Changing Hands offers a wide variety of books, both new and used.  While I will always miss the Mill Ave. store of my youth, this Tempe location does a great job.  They have a great area for readings, easy to hear and see the author, while allowing others to browse the rest of the store.One thing I really like is that when you trade in book, if there are one's that they can not buy from you, they will donate them.  Often I'll just pass them along that way, it saves me a trip anywhere else.  Just walking into any bookstore for me is a joy - the smell of all those books is like ambrosia to me.  Unlike the corporate chains, the Changing Hands staff is always super friendly and nice, and always helpful.  It's like walking into a friends house - you immediately feel welcome.
5	I took a stroll to Changing Hands after eating at Wildflower. I was impressed by the store and the selection of new and used booksThe store is very clean and laid out in such a way that you can find your favorite category of reading  rather easily (History, Fiction etc) There is a good sized childrens section full of books, games, toys.. Up front there is a selection of the newest releases as well as recommended books by the staff on the wall. There is also a sizable amount of books at bargain price in the front and back of the store. Fighting the temptation to buy more, I hung tough and just bought one book for a Christmas gift and a cool Christmas ornament. Based on this experience, I will definitely be back to buy books in the near future. Now I ask myself, why did I not come here earlier?There is going to be a 25% off sale on Jan. 1, 2010.
4	At Changing Hands Bookstore, they've got a LOT of stuff! And friendly staffers to help find what you're looking for!They've obviously got the new/used books, but then they've got everything from windchimes to hand-held pig catapults! After hours of reading, who wouldn't want to launch some pigs from a catapult? You've really got to see it for yourself, but this place has some cool stuff! But remember to bring in your used books for store credit. You're gonna need all the credit you can get for the prices they charge!
4	Local bookstores are often a delight, but Changing Hands is truly delicious...mmmm....books. Plus, I saw Sarah Vowell here which was uber cool.yes, I am a fan.boom
4	Great local shop. Very good selection at affordable prices. Their sales staff were great, very helpful.Only drawback is like everything else in the vally...it's on the EAST SIDE!!!! Bring one to the West!
5	In the desolate stretch of desert and tumbleweed, Changing Hands, you are my beacon of light. The magnanimous nature of CH compensates for the fact that I sneeze roughly 8.7 times more in Arizona than I do anywhere else. This bookstore has both used books, which are marked with a nifty little dot on the spine and new books. I purchased a hardback memoir for $6.95. We perused the compilation of books recommended by the staff, which was very helpful. My gf and I even inhaled gourmet sandwiches at the adjoining bakery in between skimming back covers and paring down the book selection. Changing Hands is an awesome local bookstore and a refreshing change from the ho hum corporate Borders/Barnes and Noble environment.
1	On Saturday, Feb. 20, Changing Hands hosted what they probably thought would be a manageable little Ozzy Osbourne book signing. Fat chance! What were they thinking? On the phone early that afternoon I was told only, "Hurry up and reserve a copy, they're going fast". Was I told there would be thousands of people there, and that they'd already sold 2,000 books by 9 A.M., and that they were having supply problems? Was I told the line would be THREE HOURS LONG in cold, rainy weather, and they, most likely, were going to run out of books, even for those who bought a ticket/book? No, every indication they gave, all the way down the queue, mind you, was that there are plenty of books, you'll get one. Ha! What a lie! Changing Hands bit off WAY MORE than it could chew having Ozzy book sign at their store. In short, their staff was a rude bunch of liars, and the way we poor Ozzy disciples were treated was beyond deplorable. It was simply uncalled for treating us like misbehaving schoolchildren, and I hope everyone else who was there and froze their asses off in the rain only to get treated like shit and get a post card for Ozzy to scribble on (Ozzy is great btw, he'll be here long after Changing hands) Yelp their minds here too, and show how Changing Hands' staff gets when the heat gets turned up. For seven years now, I've gone out of my way to patronize them, over the big chain stores, but...why should I? I hope they go under, the jerks. See you at Bookman's.
4	I love Changing Hands Bookstore! Especially around the holidays. They sell much more than books. The staff is friendly and helpful. They always have book readings and signings. There is a monthly schedule posted in the bookstore. My 5 year old loves coming here to the kids section. Although it is pricey, they have a better selection of kids books than most box stores. I usually find at least 5 non-book gift for family and friends during the holidays. Warning: if you are going to Changing Hands Bookstore from far away, it may be a good idea to call 1st and make sure there isn't a "famous" Author Signing. I went once when a politician was there. It was a mess! I had a special order book to p/u and when they called to tell me that the book was in, they failed to mention that it wouldn't be a good idea to p/u that day. I had to have my purse searched and left by the front door, secret service was there, and it took me over 45 minutes to get in and out with my $5 paperback book. The parking can get a little hectic during popular book signings too, so if you are going during a book signing get there early.
5	This is a Tempe landmark. Amazing deals on books, knowledgeable staff, and world-renowned authors coming through. Get on their mailing list and learn of anybody coming to town or the different workshops they offer.
4	Very cool bookstore with new and used books... and more!  Novelty items such as those "sh!t list" notepads, incense, and book pillows - the neat pyramid-shaped pillows that can hold your book propped up for you.I came in because Chelsea Handler was doing a signing here.  The "letter system" that they use in which customers were given a letter when purchasing a book that identified the group they were in for lining up was pretty effective.  It seemed like a little bit of a mess with the J's and K's ending up in front of the I's as we waited in line, but as we got closer to the front, bookstore workers and volunteers made sure that we got up to Chelsea in order.  I think in the future, though, it would just make more sense for them to only have one group at a time line up while others stay out of the way.  Just to give you an idea of the wait, I was in group "I" and walked out of the bookstore with my autographed book an hour after the signing started.I'll definitely be back; perhaps next time I'll bring some of my old books with me to see if they're worth anything.
5	Let me start off by saying that I really love bookstores. And while I prefer local places such as this one, I can feel at home in the largest chain store as well. With that said, I have to say this place is great. There is a lot of awesome merchandise here given the stores side. In the front there are a lot of items from the spiritual, to the humorous with some journals and inspirational gift items as well. Christmas time is really special here.There are a few places to sit here and read if you wish. They have a water cooler near the bathrooms. The books are well organized and the staff will help you find anything. They even give great recommendations for any topic you can think of...literally. IF they don't have something in stock they will order it for you.Two great things that stick out for me about this place is the fact that they buy and sell used books and they have a wonderful youth section. Plus it's next to Wildflower which is awesome.When you get to the checkout you will find all kinds of things from magnetic poetry to jewlery to fancy chocolate. Everything here has a certain feel to it that just makes it very special. Definately a place to visit. I'm so glad I found it as soon as I moved to Tempe.
5	Oh Changing Hands...we go way back. I remember climbing the ladder in your store on Mill Ave. when I was a child. I'm an avid book-worm and I always go to Changing Hands when I need something to read. Although the store is noticeably smaller than Barnes & Noble and Borders, they've always carried what I was looking for. Sometimes I give them a call before I head over just to make sure they have what I need, but that usually isn't an issue. Why choose them over a chain bookstore? The environment is quiet and warm, which makes people want to explore the shelves forever. Also,the staff is knowledgeable and can always recommend a good book.  Side note: The store is connected to Wildflower Bread Co., which has the best chicken salad sandwich, bread salad and passion fruit iced tea. Hint hint.
5	This is one of the best bookstores I have ever visited in Arizona.  Great selection of books, gifts, great book signings, overall worth the stop!
5	I support local business, recycle everything, eat clean, and consume as much used product as I possibly can. If you're anything like me, Changing Hands Bookstore is the place to spend your hard earned money. Everyone in there makes you feel welcome, from the cashiers to the stockers and your fellow shoppers. I also actively participate in many of the events held by Changing Hands. (Book signings, language classes, discussion groups, workshops, ect.) Oh and if they don't have what you're looking for in stock, they will gladly order it.Get involved.
4	After finding that one of my classes this semester called for a book a week, I decided that ASU didn't deserve all of my money and that I would try this place.  Best decision ever.  I walked in and talked to the first person that I saw behind the counter (I'm pretty sure his name was Kevin) and he was honestly the most genuinely considerate person I had ever met.  He knew exactly where to find every book and, even though he was clearly in the middle of something when I first walked in, he took a break to walk me around the store and help me find my list of nearly 20 books.  Although the store itself didn't have even a fifth of what I needed, the customer service was remarkable.  He even suggested other books that I ended up buying because he seemed to really know his stuff.I highly recommend this place and walked away all smiles.  (On a quick side note: I checked out 3 other bookstores similar to the concept of this one and everyone I asked to help me at the other stores was completely useless and almost rude.  So, save yourself the time from trying other places, like Bookmans, because I already did that for you). Changing Hands FTW!  :)
5	Absolutely fantastic.  It was the only good thing about living in that part of the city.
5	My new favorite bookstore! I don't even want to step into a barnes and noble or borders ever again!
4	yaah for changing hands!  easiest the best book store in the vally... used books, new books, laid back atmosphere, and kitschy items all over.  staff picks are always a good source of inspiration.  i wish borders on mill never moved in cuz the old location on mill was AWESOME and i miss that.   but it's still changing hands....and that's good enough
5	This is literally the coolest bookstore I've ever been to!  It had books of any and every subject you can think of!  I especially loved the cook-book section :)  There were also tons of cute little gifts and metaphysical trinkets.  It's also right next-door to Wildflower Bread Company (the 2 are connected), so you can sit down for some food with your newly purchased books and just hang out :)  The staff is very helpful and friendly, and the have lots of good recommendations based on the types of books you like.  I also love that they give you a frequent buyer card (I easily spent $60 on my first trip here, so the card has come in handy).
5	We came here today for Lauren Conrad's book signing. There were a TON of people there and they managed it very well. It only took an hour to get through the line and get the autograph. The staff was calm, collected, and friendly. They didn't seem to get frazzled by the hundreds of screaming and squealing teenage girls. We had to purchase one of her books to get her autograph which wasn't a problem to me because that's the only way the store will make a profit.As for the store itself, just looking around I was pleasantly surprised. The prices were really affordable and you can sell your used books back here. They also have a great selection. I really liked the atmosphere as well. I will definitely go back here again for another signing or just to buy some literature!
5	This is as lovely of a bookstore as you could hope to find anywhere. The staff is passionate, friendly, knowledgeable and professional. The store is quite large and carries a well-organized mix of new and used books, greeting cards, notebooks, gifts, etc. There is even a great cafe! My favorite thing about it is that the used books are actually shelved next to the new ones so that you can decide for yourself if you want to spend $15 or $7.50 for the exact same book. Most used book stores keep the used books piled up like rummage sale merchandise and I never have the patience to go through them. Changing Hands doesn't treat its used books like 2nd class citizens, and it makes for a really enjoyable (and affordable) shopping experience. Bottom line, if you're lucky enough to live near this lovely independent bookstore I hope that you will give them your patronage before hitting up a Barnes & Noble or a Borders.
5	I love this place!  The staff is always friendly and they have a great children's section, which not only has a great selection of new and second-hand books, but a large selection of quality toys (aka, educational and not made out of plastic!).  I also love that there is a Wildflower connected, in case you are craving something to snack on.
5	This not-so-little bookstore has it all... new and used books, a unique gift section, book signings and events, wonderful staff and a cool, organized, clean atmosphere.  It's going to become a favorite 'down-time' spot for me, I can tell already.  It's right next to Wildflower Breads on McClintock!See ya there!
5	Pretty much agree with all the other reviewers. Great indie bookstore, warm atmosphere, great collection of books and wonderful display. I was actually headed for the Trader Joe's next door, but spent a whole hour browsing here! The option of trading your gently used books for store credit is uber cool. The other day when I went there, there was sale of books for $2!! The books were all in great condition and there were some well known authors in that section. There's a whole section for kids, a small reading area, and a cafe. Apart from the books, the store stocks a bunch of cool items like Christmas tree decorations, wind chimes, keychains, bags, creative stationery, mugs, badges, gift items.  I picked up some Japanese incense sticks and an incense stick holder.
4	Love this local bookstore!  Seriously one of my favorite places to go to in the valley.  Doesn't hurt that it's in a great spot connected to a Wildflower Co and close to a Trader Joe's, but the store itself is so cozy.  I love to walk around this place for hours and go through everything.  It's rare that I don't find something I want even if it's just a 10 minute quick browse.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because they don't have a computer book section.  Oh well, I'd probably be there all the time if they did.
5	I love this bookstore.  When i move i will be very sad to leave and not have one of these around.  They carry used books and new books.  You can trade or sell.  They have a very cute area for kids to read books and play.  Every week they have events and book groups that get together and family events on the weekends.  We have seen Clifford the Big Red Dog, and the Grinch.  Every Thursday they have story time for kids at 10am.  You can order books online and have them ready for you there.  i have no complaints about this bookstore.  They are also attached the Wildflower Bread Company which has awesome food.
5	New books, used books, and all kinds of extras to keep you in the store for HOURS. If you are tired of helping the big box bookstores make more money they really don't need, then you should start going to this independent, local bookstore instead.
5	Changing Hands rocks! Their staff is very knowledgeable, the prices are fair, they offer more than just books (lots of fun trinkets), they bring in some great authors (I've met Hillary Clinton and John McCain for example), and for writers, they offer some great writer's workshops. Oh, and the children's section is well stocked. If they don't have it or can't get it, it doesn't exist!
5	I came seeking Vonegut and found a new world artisan "not so peasant" market with lots of chimes to fill the air, retro-games for gifting, students huddled in trendy cliques talking about how they could alter the axis of the current culinary movement, and a fond attachment to Wildflower Bread Company.  Is there then any reason to return from whence I once oogled?  Not really.  I have indeed changed hands.
5	Changing Hands is without a doubt the best independent bookstore in Phoenix.  Prices are very reasonable and they have a diverse selection of all genres.
5	This strip mall is probably the busiest corner among the rest.  It has few of my favorite places in the same plaza,  Changing Hands, Trader Joe's, Express MiE, and Wildflower Breads.  I love Changing Hands for their book events, authors signings, amazing selection of bargain books, and other fun gift items. I wish I live a little closer...
4	Friendly staff. Good prices (but not as good as on E-Bay). I love the fact that Wild Flower is next door and I can walk there from my house. Oh ya, the most important thing. It does NOT have that moldy smell that most used book stores have. I'm a fan!
1	I bought a brand new book recently and did not notice it had some damage to the pages. Went back a couple of days later as I was busy throughout the week. They told me that the damage was my fault. I was shocked that they would blame me, I didnt notice it until I arrived home. And to top it off I had to pay the original price to get a exchange. It was on sale when I bought it.I tried shopping here previously before this experience and always had high hopes. But im sad to say I will not be back. I will be taking my shopping elsewhere.
5	I love this place!! I eat right next door to it about once a week and always stop by and pick up a new book. I love the racks they have outside and randomly selecting a book by an author I've never heard of and giving it a whirl. Sometimes you win, sometimes you don't but it is fun. One time, I gave my snake some beer; he was slithering this way and that MAN!!
4	Sometimes when I'm bored on a Saturday without much on the agenda, I'll head here just to browse. Sometimes when I can't think of what to get someone for Christmas, a birthday or a baby shower, I'll head here to get an idea for a creative gift. Sometimes when I'm at Trader Joe's or Wildflower for a snack and I've got a few extra minutes, I'll head here to walk it off while I digest.There is something so cozy and familial about this store, it is truly a friendly neighborhood bookstore. They host so many authors, speakers, workshops and classes to get people involved in interesting subjects and social activities. They have a great collection of main stream and indie books mixed in with used books here and there. The employees are helpful and sweet.What makes it great is that it's perfect for a special stop on your list of errands or just a browsing session if you're waiting for someone to meet you for lunch at Wildflower. It's a fun little corner on McClintock and Guadaloupe and one that I come back to almost every week!
3	-Cute LITTLE bookstore, decent selection (I thought this place was going to be much BIGGER...no fair that I'm comparing, since I'm used to Powell's in Portland).-New & used books. Hard to find magazines.-I brought in books for credit...was told it would be several hours before they could get to my bag...um, no thanks!-Kinda loud for a "supposedly" quiet bookstore (maybe I'm thinking library), all of the loud noise chatter was from the restaurant attached next door.-Clean restroom.-Semi-convenient parking...(not fun when you are lugging a heavy bag of books across the parking lot and lugging them back).-BONUS: next to a Trader Joe's.
5	This is a great bookstore with all kinds of options of new and used books! I love going here and searching through the racks they have outside to find a new read. Great location as well, nothing better than reading a new book over a delicious lunch at Wildflower Bread Company!
4	Nice store. Lots of fun things for gifts and stocking stuffers.  Good prices also...I found a book for 14.95$ that I almost bought at Chapters for 45$!  The location is great too...right next to Wildflowerbakery and Trader Joes.  What an excellent way to spend a couple of hours!
5	I cannot say enough great things about Changing Hands. I was lucky enough to live right behind this neighborhood gem for a year, and I could only survive a few days without walking over and exploring. Free wi-fi? Check. An awesome selection of new (and used) books? Check. Author talks and other great creative workshops? Check. Fun, quirky gifts? Check. Direct connection to a delicious sandwich and soup shop? Check, check check! I would send anyone in the Valley to Changing Hands. Find a quiet corner, cozy up with a book that was lovingly cared for by it's previous owner, and relish in the stories that surround you!
4	I am always a fan of a clean, new and used bookstore that also happens to be well organized, independent and attached to a delicious restaurant!The selection is plentiful, the staff is helpful and the community events are great. Three things about this store I have had the pleasure to experience myself. If you're looking to buy a small gift, check out a new book, or maybe watch a great documentary on a week night - this a great place to do it. Support books and keep print alive!
5	I love Changing Hands Bookstore.  If I could, I would propose.  Oh Changing Hands, run off with me!  I don't know if I could make you as happy as you have made me, but if you would marry me, I would try!Whenever I'm down, I come over to Changing Hands for a browse.  I also enjoy shopping for presents here, and if you ever had someone who was hard to shop for, this place may have a good chance of solving your problem!  I have many many lovely memories of meeting friends at the adjoining restaurant and then going for a fun browse, meeting up at a table in the back later to compare our "finds".  I have had many great experiences attending readings here, meeting some of my most admired authors and historical figures of all time!  And oh, the yearly customer appreciation book sale! I have been nurtured as a poet here.  I have seen great local music here.  I have run into old friends and made new friends.  My eyes and my senses are pleases when I enter.  I have given away free books and taken free books from the free book cart in the front.  I have enjoyed patronizing local artists at booths in the front and inside.  Oh Changing Hands, long may you live!  May you triumph over every and any adversary and may you hold up the heads of all your enemies in a long gory chain, unless you find this offensive, in which case, strike that last image!!!
5	Love this place! It makes me want for more time to read, so i can go here more often. Local business, active in the community, great lectures and workshops, staff that are super helpful. And they permit dogs! In fact they love em. I shopped for a lot of Christmas presents here this winter, have been to a workshop and a book signing/lecture. Love that they buy used books, have a frequent buyer card, and are in a shopping center where I can hit Wildflower Bakery and Trader Joes as well. Wish they weren't run out of downtown tempe on mill avenue, as they would be closer to my house. But i am happy to make the drive esp. since i batch it with my TJ's shopping.
5	This bookstore is the love of my life. I would love to become a children's author someday, so I am always on the lookout for bookstores with a great selection of children's literature. Changing Hands has a wide variety of books and gadgets for book lovers. The shelves are neatly filled with new and used books (used books have colored dots on the binding), and the store is always neat, clean, and full of helpful and friendly employees. I bought a magnetic stand-up board this year with word magnets so my second graders could leave me silly sentences to display. I find this bookstore inspiring and life-giving. They also have a punch card where for every ten dollars you spend, they will stamp the card, and after ten $10 purchases (or $100 spent, for those of you who don't want to do math today), you receive $10 off your next purchase. I also love that Wildflower Bread Company is attached - yum! This is by far my favorite bookstore EVER. -Kristen
5	This bookstore is the diadem in the crown of all that is shopping local. The selection and knowledge of the staff are huge for such limited square footage, not just books but really wonderful and unique gift selections. If they don't have a book in stock,  they will in less than a week. Their bathrooms are much cleaner and easier to access then Amazons, and don't forget to pick up a calendar, their community events cater to all ages and tastes. If that isn't enough to get you to visit, they are attached to a Wildflower Bread company (tasty food and beverages) and just down the way from Hoodlum's Records (Best Music Store in AZ!)
4	Always a pleasure to stop in Changing Hands. Not only do I find  book treasures but I also love shopping their greeting card selection. There is no other place I have found with a better, more unusual array.
5	This place is as good as it gets! Amazing selection, super helpful staff, and the prices on used books CAN NOT be beat. I used to shop at bookmans until I stumbled upon this place, the prices are 25-50% cheaper on used books. And if you don't find something you are looking for, the staff is always happy to help you find it or order it for you. I took a Children's Lit class a few semester back and I practically lived at this store on the weekends. They never let me down and I was always able to find what i needed, and on the flip side my son's book collection grew exponentially :)
5	I love Changing Hands! It's more than a bookstore, they also have great gifts and unique trinkets...don't be suprised if you walk out of the store with 5 more things than you intended to buy. The staff is wonderful...I've called 2 different times to look for a book I couldn't find, includingone that was out of print and both times the associate I spoke with took the time not only to look in the computer but also check the shelves for me. This is a great place to hang out and just browse as well. Plus it smells like books new and old, which if I could bottle and wear daily I would. :)
5	Changing Hands.  Probably the greatest bookstore in Metro Phoenix, hands down.  The prices are better than Borders (now out of business) and Barnes & Noble.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  Everyone who works here actually wants to help you out.  It isn't like the chain bookstores, where clerks grumble when you ask them for directions.  These people want to make sure you find what you are looking for, and they will pretty much do whatever it takes to make that happen.With an added bonus, Changing Hands is connected directly to one of my favorite restaurants, Wildflower Bread Company.  There's nothing better than buying a great new book, followed by a fresh cup of coffee in Wildflower's colorful atmosphere.All in all, I find this bookstore to be top-notch.  Remember, if you have some used books that you would like to trade in, then do it here.  You will get some Credit that you can spend on other merchandise in the store... It's the circle of book-life.  :)
4	I told myself that I was just going to look. I was not going to buy another book until I had finished at least two of the four that I have started. And I have another six on my nightstand waiting their turn. "Just look" I told myself.  "After all, it is JUST books.You know you don't need anymore right now."And I did just look . . . for a few minutes.Then I picked up a schedule of August events, then a Bananagrams game, then a map of Lake Powell, then a couple presents for some teenagers, then a key fob, then . . . okay, so I spent way too much money in a bookstore without buying myself a single book . . . . but WOW! what a great store. And they have both new and used books . . . and you can trade your old books for credit to buy new books. Perhaps some of those books on my nightstand . . . . as soon as I finish reading them?
4	I have been wanting to check this place out for a long time and it definately did not disappoint!  The people working there actually know about books and their authors!!  I also like that they have events just about everyday.
5	I can't say enough good things about this place!  The selection is amazing.  They have a range that will satisfy most everyone's needs.  I enjoy most the opportunity to find old books at very reasonable prices.  I have been compiling a collection of my favorite children's books and never fail to find something unique when I go.Throw in some fun and funky decor items and a Wildflower Bread Co. next door and you've got a serious winner!  I will never buy a book at B & N again.
4	Awesome book store. Great selection for an independent shop.
5	It is not Barnes and Noble, did not go out of business, and you actually have to leave your house to get there.  As a bonus, when you buy something at Changing Hands, you can actually get to hold it in your hands.  At one-sixth the size of a small Barnes and Noble, they still seem to have books that I want to read every time I go for a visit.  The kids section is really nice with toys and books.  I mention the toys because I usually drop my kid off there while I go in search of books.  She just yells out my name when she needs to go to the bathroom or wants me.  It is also a good location to read books to your kids, and sometimes, other people's kids.  There are lots of events.  It's as if they are promoting reading, and not just so that you buy their books.  There are events for kids, events for adults, and lots and lots of book club meetings.  Changing Hands is a popular neighborhood bookstore that promotes a sense of community.  Somehow, it feels very fulfilling to bring my daughter to a non- chain bookstore.  Now if only she were more interested in reading on her own.  Wildflower, the sandwich shop, is next door, connected even.  And Baskin Robbins is a couple doors down.  Nothing says books like a meatball sandwich in one hand and an ice cream cone in the other hand.
5	Where to begin with this bookstore... It's hard to even tell. Here goes nothing. Well, first off, I LOVE IT. I lived right down the street for many years and wandered around a lot. There's areas to sit and read and a water cooler by the restrooms. The book selection is huge! I mean, they really have something for everyone. When I feel like a good psychological thriller to keep me up at night, it's there. When I'm feeling maybe a manga or comic book, it's there. And when I really need some sickeningly romantic junk to make me feel spicy, hey, they have that, too. There's also always a hefty line-up of speakers and different workshops that are held on location, as well as book signings. Exciting!Aside from the books, they have tons of other things. The children's selection is just too cute. Resting on a raised platform, it's crammed with toys, books, stuffed animals and racks of Folkmanis hand puppets. I have a formidable collection of them! Changing Hands also boasts a selection of artisan made merchandise like toys and  dishes that truly are unique and beautiful. They've showcased different local designers and are always changing their displays. Way to stand out!Close to the entrance, they have isles of different things like bumper stickers, pins, charms, cards, toys and whatever else to keep you entertained. When I'm bored, this is usually where I end up.The location is lovely as well. It sits right next to and is linked inside to a gorgeous Wildflower Bakery. How convenient! I can get a flaky breadbowl and have something to read!In summation, it's really a great place to shop, read and eat. They even have a rack of free books located outside!
5	This has to be my favorite bookstore/store in Arizona. No Im not a book worm but when you are there it makes you want to be. Its great for kids, readers, and trinket shoppers. One thing that i found and do find is what a store will do to solve an issue or whatever sets them apart from the rest and for a book store they have done just that. I was searching for The Little Prince in hardback the clerk apologized for not having it and then ordered it! what can you say to that. I have been loyal ever since.
5	I am really going to make an effort to shop local for my holiday gifts this year after being inspired to do so by Lindsey F.'s call to action on Yelp.  So, I was sitting here perusing my list of local favorite's trying to decide where to start my shopping when I suddenly realized that I had not written a review of Changing Hands.  How is this possible?  I don't know.  True, I buy most books online now that Kindle has an app for the Xoom.  And aside from online, I probably have purchased more books at the Barnes and Noble at the mall or the mega huge Borders just off 1-10 and Ray since they are just so darned convenient.  However, since Borders is now out of business and I avoid the mall at all costs during the holiday season Changing Hands seems like the place to go.  Everyone knows that books make the perfect Christmas gifts!There are plenty of other reviews here to tell you why this place is so awesome but really you just have to check it out for yourself.  They have all the latest bestsellers new, plenty of used books (but they are all in really good condition) and some of them are even autographed since they are constantly having authors come in for book signings and readings.  The staff is all super friendly and knowledgeable and there are lots of other wonderful little items and gift ideas.  They have a very diverse selection including graphic novels (comics) and travel guides and a huge children's section.
5	Great independent bookstore. Huge selection... I like that they have used and sale books mixed in with the new books in each section, so you don't have to look in multiple places. Lots of seating, plus it's connected to Wildflower Cafe, so you can always pop over there for a coffee or lunch. Nice collection of small gifts, journals, moleskines, etc, as well.
4	It's not only a book store but also a community wherein a lot of readers meet. They also have a wide selection of used and unused books as well as novelty items so I get to do my shopping at the same time!
5	Love the used book selections
4	Worth the stop for any book lover. Well stocked, well organized & friendly staff. If you are in the area - definitely wander into Changing Hands Bookstore. Take your time though. Rushing book store visits - just always feels wrong.
5	I could spend hours in this place. In fact, I know I have. There are so many things to look at and it's way more than just books. They have a ton of cards and stationary as well as fun trinkets. If you're into used books, this is the place to go. I've found nearly mint condition vintage books here and they've made the perfect gifts. The people who work here are great as well. They're more than willing to help and offer good recommendations. This is a go to if you're looking for a good read or just want to pop in and explore.
5	My credit card statement does not lie: I love Changing Hands.Everything about this place is great. The staff is relaxed and helpful. Since it's highly trafficked, I can usually find whatever title I need. The events are fun, too. Definitely check out their calendar as big names come through regularly. I got to meet the creator of The Oatmeal here last March!
5	This book store is amazing! When I first saw it, and saw the sign for 'used books', I pictured a dark, musty book store wtih old, beat-up, yellow-paged books. Never judge a book by it's cover (no pun intended)....The first time I walked in, I was SHOCKED! First of all, the store is a lot bigger than it looks on the outside. On the inside, it does not seem like a used bookstore at all! It's more like a hipper Barne's and Noble, crossed with Urban Outfitters.....not dark or musty at all. There's a big section of cool gifts, cards, even hats and teapots and pottery. It's very colorful inside, and it smells like incense (which I happen to like).They are really picky about the books they choose to re-sale...they are all in excellent condition, and you can actually find a lot of recent and popular books (cooking, craft, fiction, non-fiction) that you would find at a big chain book store, but for less. In fact, after finding this local gem, I don't see how I could justify buying my books from the big guys anymore.....Staff is friendly and helpful....oh, and it's right next to Wild Flower Bread Company (there is an entrance inside the bookstore to it) which is an added bonus. :)
5	Support your local bookstore! Changing hands is amazing!
5	I could hang out here all day! Always lots to explore, good stock to peruse, and a happy, friendly staff that deserves special mention. It's no secret that this little place is a gold mine - well done to all who are responsible!Perks: Great selection of new & used books. Lots of other merchandise for many occasions, (Father's Day, Birthday's, etc.) Very knowledgeable staff who never hesitate to help under regular conditions or when face with a challenge!Thanks, Changing Hands, and cheers to the independent book sellers of the world!
5	Remember that book Corduroy where little Corduroy got to explore the WHOLE department store all by himself at night, in search of his button?  That's what I want to do here.  Except, instead of searching for my button, I'd be searching for happiness.  And I'm pretty sure I'd find it.  Changing Hands is my new happy place.  It has a huge selection of new and used books, lots of sale tables, yummy smell-goods, paper goodies, even a small table of kitchen goodies.  I left with three books and an owl-shaped bag clip that hoots when you open it!  It HOOTS!  Ah!  Love, love, love this place.  Definitely check it out for unique gifts, books, or if you just need a smile.
4	A little to left leaning to be a true independent bookstore. Leftist cheerleaders? yes! Free Thinking as their tag line goes? not so much. Good trade value. Great political section. History section is well selected. The hippy vib is okay. A little much of the "I marched in the 60's uptight progressive baby boomer" types for me. all in all not a bad place. I would destroy many other book stores before  did this one in.
5	I AM NOW A CUSTOMER FOR LIFE! I came in tonight for a book-signing with Jenny Lawson and the store was packed! Normally when I am out shopping I have to use a mobility cart because I can't be on my feet for very long without being in extreme pain. I knew that the bookstore didn't have these carts and because of how much I like the author, I was prepared for a long wait in line and if I'm lucky, maybe a corner of the rug that I could park my butt for the reading. While I was in line I asked one of the employees running the area if there was a spot I could sit for a minute without losing my space in line and they took me to an actual seat for the whole reading! These three employees were so awesome and were really taking care of the customers. After the reading was finished and it was time to get books signed, the same employee came right to me and took me to meet the author, very first in line!!! I can't say again how wonderful the customer service was tonight and how grateful I am to be treated with so much care. I have been an occasional customer of Changing Hands for 20+ years and I will now actively choose them as my first pick bookstore in Phoenix. Thanks Changing Hands!!!
4	This bookstore is more like a cross between bookstore and metaphysical store. There are always a ton of events, the night we went there last they were having a author discussion and signing. So many kooky things, toys, wind chimes, incense, Alex Grey  calendars, tarot decks, cooking supplies and they regularly have sales on their used books. There are also book clubs, children's reading, and as an added bonus; Wildflower Bread Co. is next door. They have a program called Before It's Trendy for kids ages 12-17 that allows readers to apply to join and read books long before they are published. You get advance copies of books and write reviews on them, if your review is selected you get trade credit!
5	08/30/12Was here for Stephen Chbosky's Q&A and book-signing event for _the perks of being a wallflower_.  I've only been to three book-signing events, and the two most-fun ones were held here!  My first ever was Elizabeth Gilbert's _Eat Pray Love_ event, which was VERY engaging and entertaining, so I had a feeling that Chbosky's event would be just as pleasing.  The space was packed with an eclectic mix of teenagers, young adults, and professor-types.  I suspect a large percentage of the audience were writers themselves, individuals who aspire to become writers, or are curious to learn more about the creative processes of writing, acting, and directing.  The author was funny, very approachable, empowering and confident,  and yet very humble.  The long excerpt he read was from an audience member's well-used book with a jacket that did not resemble any of the two current ones (a lemon-yellow one and a movie cover).  After the reading, Chbosky opened the floor to questions, each of which he answered in depth and with a lot of humor!  At one point, a young mother had to rock and coo her baby to stop fussing, but the author immediately put her at ease with an "oh no, don't worry..." and that he had a three-week old daughter at home and so knew what the mother was going through, so "just let the baby cry and do her thing."  I thought it fantastic how he encouraged aspiring writers to not listen to those who limited their creative processes, but to find their own ways, their own voices with which to express their thoughts.  Questions were asked on what inspired him to write certain poems in the book (the protagonist Charlie writes poems and diary entries that address the audience members as if they were reading the entries themselves, as opposed to being narrated to), how it was to direct certain scenes, and what it was like to work with the cast, which included Emma Watson (Hermione in the Harry Potter movies), Logan Lerman (D'Artagnan in 2011's The Three Musketeers), and Ezra Miller (Kevin in We Need to Talk About Kevin).  He even had a lovely mention regarding actor Paul Rudd's participation in the movie... I am looking forward to seeing the film, which is coming out next month!  :)I was first attracted to this book, which I've yet to read, when I caught the movie's trailer a few weeks ago and was frozen in my tracks upon hearing the honest, eye-opening quote, one of the author's favorite lines he's written to date:"We accept the love we think we deserve."  I cannot wait to delve into the book to find other gems.  I already know I'll find the movie lovely.  I thank Changing Hands for hosting yet another terrific book event- I had a wonderful time!
5	A very cool local spot!  This store is more than just a bookstore.  There are some really cool local art products as well as events and book signings.  It is definitely a place to check out!
5	Amazing bookstore. Plus there's always other great goodies around the store! I could spend  hours in this place just wandering around and finding cool stuff. Plus its right next to Wildflower.  Can't get any better than that!
5	My daughter and I just found out about this amazing bookstore yesterday, when we went there to buy tickets for a Sherman Alexie event.The minute I walked through the door, I thought to myself, "OMG! This is the first time I haven't felt like an alien since moving to Phoenix." My daughter, literally, had to drag me out of the store. I could have stayed there for hours (honestly, days).However, despite urging us out the store, as we were leaving, my daughter said to me, "Mom, this place feels like Portland. I've not felt this good since we moved to Phoenix." Not only does Changing Hands have a wonderful energy and an amazing staff, but  a co-worker tells me that they sponsor all kinds of book-related events, such as the Sherman Alexie talk, throughout the year, and apparently, have a Frida Kahlo "convention" each year. I wish I'd known about this place a long time ago. But, now that I know, I have a second home.
5	For a long time I kept calling it Exchanging Hands, I guess cause it rolls off my lips with greater ease.  Anyway, I love walking through this little hubbub, it's like a "welcome home" party every time, only without the fanfare. And I always leave with a deep-sitted feeling of regret in my belly.  It's the feeling that I didn't get to see and touch everything.  You wanna look at everything but you don't have all the time in the world to do it. But for a brief moment time does seem to cease while you are browsing around. Yeh, it's that kind of a place.FYI: When it's your birthday month make sure to mention it at the cash register and you'll get $10 of your purchase.
5	A hidden gem.  In these days of growing big-box bookstores and ever shrinking small bookstores, this one stands out as one of the best.  A wide selection of new and used books covering an eclectic range of subjects, I rarely pass up an opportunity here when I'm in town.  Friendly, helpful staff, inviting surroundings, good prices; what could be better.  I'd compare it to Denver's Tattered Cover before they made the move to their new store.  Superlatives fail me for this one.
5	The best book store.  A good place for kids to find books they like.  SW corner.
5	AMAZING place!I've turned in several books and received some pretty good in store credit for them.Although you won't always save $10 on every book (sometimes you do!), you'll still save quite a bit of money! DEFINITELY recommend this place!The service is always wonderful!I can't wait to move back out to Phoenix so I can go here once again!
5	Great place to get books for a broke college student!  Friendly staff and a great selection.
5	There are so many reviews of Changing Hands, I could not possibly add anything more to say.  One of my favorite places to spend an hour in Tempe.  You can find me sprawled out on the floor in front of the cookbook section.....if you see me, ignore the fact that I'm drooling over the pictures of food and just pass me a tissue......
5	What more needs to be said-with bookstores vanishing from the area in record numbers-Changing Hands has had the fortitude and creativity to keep their doors open.I've loved this bookstore since the 70's and only hope that people will continue to prefer touching and actually seeing a book in real time....
4	Fun little store, even a bit eclectic.  Complete visual overload.  Plan to spend time looking at everything because there are lots of cool things everywhere you turn. Every employee was smiling and remarkably friendly.
5	Spotted a cool-sounding event regarding Amy Stewart's newest book, The Drunken Botanist, a couple of weeks ago via an email blast and decided to check it out after my massage and dinner in Tempe.  It wasn't a ticketed event, which meant a purchase was not required to attend, which was something new, as all of the events I've attended at CH required a reservation.  Another cool twist to this event was that Pimm's (vodka, ginger beer, lime) cocktails were going to be served (one per person limit), as per the author's recipe, which is included in the book.  I WASN'T impressed with the free beverage (too sweet), and there's a number of factors that could explain why it wasn't good, besides subjectivity, but the author was HIGHLY-ENTERTAINING in her responses to the few pre-selected topics prompted by the moderator, and then answered a few more when said moderator "opened the floor" to audience questions.  So entertaining was the author, and so enamored am I of Changing Hands and the fun events I've had the opportunity to experience here, that I bought a few books, both to support CH and its ability to organize fun events, such as this, and to have the author autograph them with the names I gave her a list of, so that I may gift these books to a few loved ones whom I KNOW will appreciate!  The hardcover book is gorgeous, and I'm happy to own a copy of it myself.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/changing-hands-bookstore-tempe-2?select=r61c1k4z8nqYhJopOUX-NA#r61c1k4z8nqYhJopOUX-NAAfterwards, I perused the Health and Beauty shelves for natural and organic soaps and body lotions and found a couple of Pre de Provence soaps ($7 each; French quadruple-milled), three Wild Women Soaps (individually wrapped, $5 each; based in Mesa, AZ-- SUPPORT LOCAL!), and The Naked Bee Pomegranate** & Honey hand & body lotion (70% Certified Organic; FREE of parabens, propylene glycol, gluten, drying alcohol, dyes/pigments, mineral oil, EDTA, and phthalate-based fragrances, AND not tested on animals!).  I was able to redeem a free-to-use loyalty card (a punch for every $10 spent, $100 total nets you a $10 discount on future purchase!), so not only did I leave with a few great-smelling natural soaps and lotions, but I also saved money while feeling good about supporting local Changing Hands and Mesa's Wild Women Soaps.  :)I LOVE Changing Hands!**If you're like me, who grew up in Asia a few decades ago and had the opportunity to experience scented Sanrio stationery, you perhaps loved this singular scent that may have ruined all other stationery for you, no matter how much more elegant they looked and felt, simply because they just weren't delicately-scented as those Japanese stationery of our childhood.  I never knew what this gorgeous scent was made from until a few years ago (five, maybe 10, or slightly more?), when products featuring pom started popping up Stateside.  The Naked Bee product I found here at CH bathes me in that lovely scent that reminds me of many happy memories of childhood friendships, of holidays with family, of writing, and of dreaming.  And all for just $11 and tax... what a fantastic find!
5	Attended Sue Hitzmann's talk on her new book (released in January?) The MELT Method at Changing Hands tonight.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/changing-hands-bookstore-tempe-2?select=-je8qF4FSr5IJy0_O3bF5g#-je8qF4FSr5IJy0_O3bF5g  When I found out about the event a couple of weeks ago, I did a search on her name and book title and came across a YouTube vid.  After viewing it, I promptly searched her book on Amazon and bought it and made a note of the event in my calendar.Tonight's event was exhilarating!  I kept wishing certain members of my family were also present, because I know they would appreciate the info Sue was telling us.  Most of us in the audience were able to do a handful of exercises and were able to get positive feedback just from following her simple instructions in just a matter of minutes.  I'm hoping to be able to attend a class she's holding tomorrow at Scottsdale Airpark at 1 pm.  The class fee is $25, but Sue promised that those who attend will receive a MELT bag of treatment balls to accompany the methods outlined in her book, a few of which she will personally teach us tomorrow.If you'd like to get more info about Hitzmann, her book, and the MELT classes here in the valley, visit meltmethod.com.Check out the video that made me want to check out the event! http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1Fu-m-MxKE
5	It's like entering a Wonderland of books and gifts, I get lost whenever I enter this store. It takes me back to my childhood and always gives me this NY feel, you can tell how much I miss NY cause I'm always going back to Changing Hands to see what's new, what's the latest event going on. They also keep things up to date on their website. I get all my journals there since the price is cheap, not expensive like Barnes and Nobles. Journals start at $10 which is not bad compare to $15 B&N price.
1	The bookstore averages much better than a 1 star & overall deserves it - all the wonderful reviews will keep it's overall score high. I have always loved this place, happy to support local over big chains... But tonight I received HORRIBLE closing-time customer treatment & thus the 1 star is a review of tonight. Apparently I had the audacity to enter @8:45pm. I needed to pick up a business book or two for my husband. I was friendly to the girl pushing carts in from the sidewalk, "Are you still open?" "Well... We close in 15 minutes." (great, that's plenty of time to get what I want). Another girl walks directly to me in the isle, no smile: "Ma'am, we close in 15 mins." umm... Okay, I got it. Feeling the pressure & trying to be respectful of their closing time, I intercepted the same gal a minute later to ask for guidance in where to find the section I needed. (If getting me out was so important, I was surprised that I didn't get a "Can we help you find anything?" from anyone on the floor).  5 mins later, the same girl walks right to me with the same dead-pan expression: "Ma'am, we close in 10 minutes." My reply: "I don't want to sit & read, I'm buying a specific book." (again no offer to HELP me find what I'm looking for to speed me along). She just replies, "We have to tell you every 5 minutes," and turns & walks away.Sure enough, 5 mins later, as promised, she walked toward me... I watched her walk all the way to me. My 2 chosen books are in my hand. I smiled at her as she approached, thought maybe she'd crack a smile of recognition that this-is-sort-of-weird-but-I'm-supposed-to.... Nope. She just said u-know-what. It was so weird that I just sort of laughed & started toward the register. I was OUT THE DOOR 2 mins before 9pm, CH was up by my $28. Cashiers there are usually friendly, but he was flat too. I have committed no customer-crime, people, YOU WEREN'T CLOSED YET!!! You're a BOOKSTORE, not a restaurant- it's not like my scanning the shelves kept you from cleaning a grill or sweeping floors. No one seemed to recognize that my purchase just paid for a few hours on YOUR PAYCHECK.Maybe the guy from Ratt that spoke tonight was mean to all of them. Maybe middle-aged Ratt groupies swarmed & threw their  panties all over the store, & I arrived just as they picked up the last of them. I don't know, but that was just unanimously  poor customer treatment & next time I'm shopping for books on line; we can wait 2 days for shipping. Check my review history - very rare I give anything less than stellar reviews. Changing Hands, you sure "got me out of there" tonight... And forever more.
5	This place is a relaxing environment and you feel it when you walk it. I had a reading done there and I loved it.
5	My favorite Indie, local place EVA!!!!!!!! You never know what you are going to find in here. Well, except for books of course. Okay, where else can one get a little purse with a vintage picture of a TWA plane on it? Random I know, but my Dad worked for TWA for 45 years. Score! They have the best speakers, guest authors, and classes too. I can't wait until Nov 1 when their Phoenix location opens because their current location is just too darn far away. The only bad I guess was that today the service was not as friendly as usual. Still, not enough to knock out the 5 star rating but they should and need to watch this. (Especially after reading the poor customer review from the girl who came in near closing time)
5	This is one of my favorite places to go. I always find what I am looking for. I am a huge Stephen King fan, and they always have a really great selection of his books, which I feel other bookstores do not really have, at least with his older stuff. Great prices and great place!
5	I might as well just slap myself silly for not rating this place sooner. This bookstore is the sheeeeee!!!!! Most of you realize this places is the bomb-diggity! My iPad doesn't understand these terms because it keeps autocorrections me. As I was saying, I love this bookstore. I once found a children's book for $1 with the author's autograph. I once found bandages with pictures of bacon here. I once bought a switchblade comb for my son. I once bought cliff notes for Shakespeare plays. I once bought a sticker that said "cleverly disguised as a responsible adult" and gave it to a fellow teacher friend who has absolutely earned that title. Lol!Pint is this place is cool. It has fun random amazing things that you won't find elsewhere. Also trader joes is right next store. :))
5	LOVE coming here... even when I don't plan on buying a book I'm always ready to walk out with a few - their prices are competitive and they have such a great selection for being a used/new bookstore that is not a chain.  The best part (well, for me) is the front are with all those really cool and unique gift items.  I swear, I can find a gift for just about anyone in this section... there is so much creativity in the items they carry.Staff here is also friendly, helpful, and informative.This is just a gem and I hope it will always stay like this.
5	I love this place! They've been around for almost 40 years, and hope that they'll be here for many more! My belated mother, Sally, used to frequent it while they were at the Mill Ave location. They're still in a great locale! Probably even better, in a neighborhood with a Trader Joe's and a Baskin Robbins! Anyway, I feel like royalty! I walk in and one of the staff, Eddie, yells "there's Megan M" and I start to look around! Last August, my birth month, I went inside for a second, and he said, "did you hear that there's some great deals in the back room?" That's where there are PLENTY of books for sale. He'd mentioned that you get a paper bag, which is provided and FILL it FULL of BOOKS and you can purchase the contents for only $10! Sweet deal, eh? Well, that's it for now! Because I could just go on and on about Changing Hands! MeganA Loyal Fan
5	I love supporting local shops and this one is one of my favorites.  We love coming here for unique gifts, books, story time, and puppet shows.  They even have an improve night!  What more can you ask for in a bookstore?  Oh, that's right... they also sell new and used books!
4	I have driven by Changing Hands Book Store a million times and have never stopped by, so during my lunch hour I was set to check it out!I went prepared with a list of books I wanted to check on to see if they had it and pick up some today.I have been to the other big 2nd hand bookstore in Mesa tons of times, and have been looking for a few books from Paulo Coelho, trying to build up my collection and they didn't have them so I thought I would try Changing Hands and see if I could get lucky there. When I walked in I went right to the book information desk where I met Brittany, who by the way is extremely helpful, she was wearing a Wuthering Heights t-shirt and 1st thing I said was wow I like your shirt, it was one of my favorite books growing up, she then said oh I have a book you need to check out, so off we went to check out this book, and along the journey she had forgotten she was wearing Wurthering Heights and thought it was Pride and Prejudice which is another favorite of mine and told me if I liked P&P that I should check out Austenland, which I most definitely will now! Then after some small talk about Colin Firth and how dreamy he is, I then quickly refocused to the reason why I was there and showed her my list and off we went!  I found the books I was looking for, had excellent customer service, and got to check out a new bookstore to me.  Now I just need to go back to Changing Hands when I have more time to explore.
5	Update Aug 2013I made this review, got a response from a manager, replied to him, and then nothing more. I forgot about it, as it didn't matter to me anymore. A few months later, I got a call from a woman manager who said she apologizes, they didn't see that I had replied to another manager's comment to my original 1-star review. She was embarrassed so much time had passed. She said the actually listened, realized managerial influence was light at closing, and don't know things had gotten this way. They actually appreciated my constructive criticism & have CHANGED things at closing. That is actually what I HOPE FOR with every not-good review I leave. She enticed me to come back with a thank you gift for me at the desk. Already used some of it, good for her!Ritz Carlton knows that the best way to make a customer for life is to take a bad situation and make it RIGHT, makes people even more devoted than when everything goes fine. Seems Changing Hands has done some loyal customer homework...
4	I recently went into the store with my husband and daughter and was pleasantly surprised!! I had no idea the store was so big and had such a variety of books!! They also have gifts and nick nacks. My daughter really loved the kids section. They have a wooden train set for kids to play with and they also have a large selection of children's books. There are many uses and new books, which are all reasonably prices. I would definitely go back!
4	I went here on Sunday as a tag-a-long with my SIL who wanted to "meet" the grumpy cat.  I was shocked to see the place was PACKED to see a cat!  We waited for about 30 minutes (thankfully her friend pre-purchased a book so we had a boost in the line-waiting department).  The bookstore itself, from what I can see in between tons of people standing around was nice.  They seemed to have used books and new books there.  They also had a children's area that had toys and cool little gadgets.  This place is too far from my house to frequent, but I would definitely support this local business if I lived closer.
5	Great local bookstore. Employees are super helpful and they have great events and book clubs.
5	such a great store, been going here for years.  really like being able to buy books new or used and return them for credit for next purchases.  cool, knowledgeable staff, great selection of books, and super greeting card section where you can get blank cards instead of hallmark sayings.
5	This is a fantastic bookstore! They've got old and used books along with the typical bestsellers you'd find at a larger chain. I could stand in awe at their shelves for hours. Every time I go, it's tough for me to walk away without buying some new tome. They'll even buy your books for store credit. Just drop off your used editions at the trade-in counter, go sip on coffee next door at Wildflower, and come back to redeem the value towards anything in the store. I really like how they give back to the community through donations and support. The staff is always really friendly too. Feel good about shopping at Changing Hands, I know I do.
5	Mostly bookstore but part quirky gift shop, Changing Hands gives the independent bookstore a good name time and time again. First things first, it shares a parking lot with a Trader Joe's, so if you've ever been to a TJ's you know what it's like to almost have your life snuffed out by someone speeding a Prius through the lot in a quest to get what may be the last box of frozen vegan lasagna. It's a dangerous parking lot by nature, so just...be careful. Otherwise, this is a prime local shopping experience. Outside (at least for now) is a pretty extensive sale rack of used books. I picked up a bestseller that has yet to be converted into paperback (I've been holding out for over a year now!) from that rack and saw some other pretty decent reads with good pricing.Inside is a mix of used and new books, the used books nestled into the shelves with the new books like prizes waiting to be found. They have a good selection of cookbooks and memoirs, mostly what I come in for. Along with books they have your usual bookstore staples like greeting cards and calendars as well as quirky gift items like snarky magnets, tea sets, candles (Voluspa brand for those of you who are as obsessed as I am), and artisan-looking purses.They have a nice little loyalty card program-every $10 you spend gets you a stamp on your stamp card and 10 stamps=$10 dollars to spend on the house.I like CH for the simplicity of what it is: a good old independent bookstore. I will never get on board with e-readers because there is something special about books that just doesn't translate on a screen. CH channels that, magic if you will, and shares it with the community in their own unique way. There's something for everyone here, so this is a store that can be enjoyed by book nerds and non-book nerds alike!
4	So I can take in my read, and well loved books, get store credit in return, and buy MOAR BOOKS?  Sounds like a deal!Changing Hands has new releases, used books, odd books, and gifts of all sorts.  When I walk in, I'm overwhelmed by the expanse of things to look at (to be fair, I generally have that reaction in all bookstores).  Prices are good, there is something unique around every corner (a refreshing contrast to the chain bookstores) and the staff is all very friendly.  There are frequent author events, workshops and classes.  I hear Grumpy Cat visited once!  As I mentioned, they'll buy used books in exchange for store credit; they credit a percentage of what they will sell the book for, and offer to donate for you any books that they can't take.  Perfect!  Beats a yard sale any day.  And it gives me a great excuse to go book shopping!Changing Hands is next door to, and shares an open wall with Wildflower cafe.  The books and coffee vibe is always nice, and this fulfills the need.Finally, a shout out to local business!  This is a bookstore I'm happy to support.
5	Amazing book store! Great local store with lots of shopping options. It's like its own little community. Besides being a great place to pick up new and used books it's also great for gift shopping. The children's section is excellent. They also offer author meet and greets, kid events, classes, lectures and so much more! The staff is always nice and helpful. Love this place and I stop in any chance I get.
5	I've been meaning to review Changing Hands forever. I think it's only slipped my mind because I typically review service based businesses and not because it isn't worthy of the stars. A friend and I stopped at Wildflower for lunch the other day and of course ended up wandering around book shopping for a few hours after which reminded me...I LOVE Changing Hands. LOVE. I mean I LOVE books so it would be hard not to but just like another reviewer pointed out, not only can you buy books, you can trade them and/or get store credit. With just as many used as new it's not uncommon to leave with several, having spent about the same as you would on one brand new title from a bigger bookstore. The staff is helpful and polite and they clearly love to read as well. I've grabbed a few books from the employee picks wall and I haven't been disappointed. They may not stock every single book you could imagine but does any bookstore? I can honestly say I've never left empty handed.
5	Everyone needs an indie bookstore in their life! I found the best gifts all season here. I'd say their assortment of calendars and planners is better than anywhere else I have been. Heads up: 25% off sale happening New Years Day.
5	VIsited for a book signing and it was great. Event was well organized, staff was friendly.Definitely my new go to bookstore for when I pick up paper books.
5	I love books. Absolutely love them. I don't care how advanced we get with technology i hope books never go extinct. Seriously. I loved this store and will definitely be back here...a lot. I ended up spending over an hour just walking around and checking out all the different sections and fell in love.Ended up with a handful of books that i needed to choose from but i did walk away with 3 new books that i just had to have. I love the environment here as well as the vast selection of books. If you are a book lover you will love Changing Hands, it's wonderful.
5	This store is my absolute fave bookstore in the whole universe. I'm not exaggerating either. Not only is the selection good, but the various lectures, signings and classes are always fun. I love how this store has created a whole welcoming culture. Moms of little ones, there is a train table in the kid section that keeps my boys occupied for hours while I skim a magazine or two. Plus, the staff are very accommodating and respectful of children. Love that.You can make visiting this store an entire day trip with Turnstyle Consignment, Wildflower, Love Child and Trader Joes all within a few feet. This is a great place.
4	I really do love bookstores! I enjoy just taking my time and meandering through each section, looking at everything on display. I hope upon hope that actual paper books never go the way of the dodo, that would make me one unhappy girl! Changing Hands offers a couple things that i like: they have both new and used books, they do have a reasonably sized children's section, they have a small area of clever gifts and fun things for your home/office and they have an area for lectures, book signings and things of that nature. I think it is pretty cool you can take your used books in and they will give you store credit for them. I have brought in a couple boxes and they definitely gave me a fair prices for the trades. (If for some reason they do not want/do not accept a particular book, you can request what they don't buy to come back to you (or) you can have them donate the books which is what i do.)Clearly i am a fan and will continue to come back for my books & random fun gift needs.~the end~
5	Gotta love Changing Hands! This is a great book store for people who really love books and the experience of getting new books while sharing ones you are done with.They have a great atmosphere, the people are extremely friendly and helpful, and the selection is always changing so it never gets boring.
5	Recently moved to VA and this store is at the top of my Top 5 Things I Miss from Arizona list. Have not found another place that does what you guys do! I owe thanks to you for my son's entire board-book library! CHANGING HANDS RULES
5	The best, most interesting bookstore I have ever had the pleasure of going to. I spent 2 hours here and would have been happy staying longer. They have so much interesting stuff to look at, even if you're not into books (which I myself cannot imagine, but to each his own). They seem very community oriented and every employee I encountered was beyond helpful. They're connected to a little restaurant (kind of like Corner Bakery) called Wildflower, which I didn't get a chance to try. But it did smell amazing in there. The bookstore itself is HUGE and very well-organized. It seemed like most of the books were new but they did have some used ones for sale. I also overheard a few people asking for books they did not carry, but the booksellers offered to have the item delivered to the store within 1 business day with no shipping charge - super awesome. If you live in the area (I totally wish I did, just for this store) you should definitely do your business at Changing Hands instead of major chain bookstores or Amazon.
3	I really like this store been going for years! Unfortunately yesterday is the 2nd time in the past 3 months that I've gone and had a very uncomfortable experience!  Sometimes the staff are very nice and sometimes they are extremely rude and judgemental. I am so disgusted with the negativity we experienced and the way they treated my client. I am either going to the new one in Phoenix or finding a different bookstore!
3	Well this place is a habit more than a need.  I like checking out the new tchotchkis and my son likes the various book series he finds.  Even though its close we finally started to come here more often for school reading when Borders closed it's doors.They've got new and used books, new and usex books on tape, enough greeting cards to be a threat to area Hallmark stores, knick knacks (you know, things most folks call "gifts"-what I call 'dust collectors'), childrens literature, hand puppets and stuffed animals, various toys, clearance area with an assortment of sale items, a public board (this area is not maintained regularly so you will find dated material), guest appearances, classes, book exchange (for cash or store credit), assorted pieces of apparel, and a Wildflower restaurant conveniently attached.   You know ^that's a huge draw alone.I've had good experiences as well as not so good experiences here. The not so good was most recent.  I ordered a book and asked to have it signed.  Author signed it incorrectly.  SOMEONE at Changing Hands took it upon themself to edit the error AND they expected me to be okay with that.Tell me that's not a classic.After I declined (hmm, imagine that) it took a while to get the situation rectified.   I had been very patient but I certainly wasn't happy.Manager finally fixed the situation after she realized I wasn't happy with how it was handled.Yep, you could shop Amazon.com as one other reviewer mentioned, but dude, you're a dork if you don't understand that part of the idea of supporting a Mom & Pop local store is that it keeps the money IN our city.It helps to keep local people employed.
5	Yay! Changing hands always has a really interesting selection of curated books. If you're an actual fan of books you'll enjoy it here. Pleeeenty of weird toys and other things to look around at instead of flipping through books if you're the type that likes that. My mother couldn't stop smelling the sage and other burnable herbs that inhabit the place. Gotta get those evil spirits away. So yes, they have books. Lots of them, and they are...pretty fairly priced. You'll definitely find cheaper books elsewhere (like...the internet.) but what you won't find are the events with authors that make this place really unique. Some of the nation's top authors have come to call this place home through the years, and come back often to answer questions, sign books, and whatever else authors do that isn't writing. Definitely a great place for a book nerd.
3	It's a nice book store I have only been there once, cause I got a gift card. My mother in law loves the place. Myself I find it a little over priced and not a big selection it's a book store but nothing amazing. It's just meh.
4	I have been a fan of Changing hands for about 7 years now.  The staff is helpful and open to conversation. The have a great variety of books and also carry a lot of used copies of McSweeneys which I really enjoy.  I love the atmosphere and the good deals on used books.  I do like the idea of supporting local businesses as well.
5	This store is so awesome! I needed a study guide right away, went to other bookstores last night, not in stock. They said they could order but that it could take 7 days to get delivered AND it would be $70! Called this store this morning and the sales clerk went and checked , sure enough they had ONE copy left for $22 dollars!!! The store is full of funny ass knick knacks and u will definitely be coming back as you all should too
5	Such a great book store and they have such unique gifts my wife loves their jewelry and they are quite reasonable
4	This is a fairly small bookstore that does what itv does well. My experience is used books "like new".For a person who retains some of their books this adds value.Pricing on used and closeouts is good.Trade in value is slightly better than other buying stores. Selection is very good. Very pleasant atmosphere. A lot to offer over the 35 years as a customer. Will always miss Mill Ave store.
5	Changing hands bookstore is great! Definitely deserve 5 stars. The employees are helpful, nice and knowledgeable. The selection is good, though you aren't going to find every single book there but they offer to order it for you if you cannot find what you are looking for. They have lots of local goods, like tea. They have an attached cafe next door, haven't been though. The parking lot can get packed during certain days and times. Can find some books for a really good price.
5	I am starting to frequent Changing hands more and more because of work and each time I enjoy browsing through the large selection... As everyone else notes there is a huge supply of both new and used books...I love looking through all the Knick knacks... The children's book section is great and they carry many classics as well as new release books... The sections are very easy to navigate and there are seats/benches all around the store for your seating pleasure...The employees are all very nice and helpful...Also, very knowledgable of the merchandise Cool bookstore, check it out
5	I am so thankful for a place like Changing Hands.  When the original store on Mill closed many years ago, I was so afraid I would lose my favorite local bookstore.   This is the kind of place you can wander for hours.  They have so much to look at besides books.  The best part is, they always have calendar of events, and I've been lucky to see some of my favorite authors.   I hope Changing Hands never goes out of business.
5	I've never had a bad experience at changing hands. The staff is always so pleasant and eager to help. Whenever I can't find something, they'll make sure I either walk out the door with that book or make sure I find it elsewhere. They even showed me a website that has no affiliation because I was looking for an older and more rare book. Now that's customer service! Plus having the wildflower cafe next door is a plus because it makes for a good mother/daughter lunch date :)
5	Like many of the other reviews, I found Changing Hands Bookstore to be a great alternative to the bigger box book stores. They have about half new books (new releases, top sellers) then half used. I got 5 used books for $40, and they were all in great condition. I'm impressed with their selection, and the store is very organized. Overall I loved it! The staff is great, and it seems they have LOTS of wonderful events and author readings.
5	I LOVE Changing Hands. Great place to find new and used books. They have so many gift items too. I always end up getting unexpected items because everything they carry is so unique.
5	Hands down best independent bookstore in Phoenix! Great selection of new and used books. If they don't have what you want in store, they'll usually order it for you. There are tons of trinkets, home decorations, and unique gifts. I really like that you can trade in old books for store credit.Changing Hands hosts many authors, lecturers, musicians, and other important and famous people. I've been to see several authors but my favorite memory was when they hosted GRUMPY CAT!
5	This place is like a used bookstore meets a Barnes & Noble, which I love. Sections are clearly marked, they have great displays (like staff choices with explanations). I loved all the tables in chairs in various nooks for reading. In shelves themselves are a little confusing until you figure out what's happening. New and used are shelved together, but the used books have tiny sticker dots on the spines. My only complaint is that used books weren't as discounted as I would have hoped, but I'll pretty much pay anything for a book I want.One thing I enjoyed was the signs around the registered saying, "This is a no cell phone area." I thoroughly appreciate that. Nothing worse than a customer that ignores the kind store clerk trying to help them.I would totally come back if I'm in the area again!
5	I am not much of a reader, but I used to work at a bookstore and I buy a lot of books...creates the allusion of being a reader. But more importantly, I like attending events and getting books signed. I have unfortunately missed Neil Gaiman  and Ozzy Osbourne over the years (that would be cool), but I have attended to meet Paul Stanley and Gene Simmons of Kiss, Britney Griner of the Phoenix Mercury, and most recently Anne Rice. I have already purchased by ticket for Cary Elwes this week.I like the store, not only because of the frequent and big-name book signings, but it is a convenient location to my house, has a great selection, and a little attached eating area. I subscribe to their Facebook page and continue to monitor their newsletter for other upcoming signings. I definitely recommend supporting this store and meeting some of the many authors that come through the doors. Parking is a big challenging, especially during book signings.
4	If I ever needed to buy a new book in person, this is the store I'd go to! They do have used books as well, but not as many to rival Bookman's. In addition to books, they sell cute little knick-knack items, totes, and book related items such as book ends and bookmarks. This Changing Hands seems to have been here forever, and hopefully it will continue to be here! They also have signings and talks by authors on occasion. Back in the early 2000s, I went to a talk and signing by Bruce Campbell. Very cool!On my last shopping adventure here, I took home 2 floss containers, one in the shape of a hedgehog, and the other in the shape of a fox. Very cute (And random for a bookstore)!
5	LOVE THIS BOOKSTORE! Great events, great people, great books... It has my heart.
5	This place is a lot of fun to shop at. Find anything and everything. Very nice.  Rare and hard to find books.
5	Best book store in all of Arizona.  If they do not have it they will get it.  All the employees are extremely helpful and friendly and love reading and books.  If you are looking for something new then you only need to ask and explain what you are interested in and they will be able to help you find many new books and writers.
5	TheChanging Hands Bookstore  is fantastic. You can see a near Van Gogh, Matisse, one Monet, Picasso and Andy Wahol. Must !!!
