5	For all those who are not blessed enough to wear a size of clothing that manufacturers have deemed "normal", I highly recommend Super Cleaners' alteration service.  Customer service is prompt and attentive and my clothing is always returned within 24 hours (though I rarely pick it up within that time frame).  The man who performs the alterations was very patient as he measured my pant leg which was to be hemmed.  I was very satisfied when I picked up my pants and looked over the quality of his stitching.  Pricing is extremely reasonable, $10.00 to hem slacks, which was definitely the lowest price quoted to me amongst the many stores I called.
2	The last time I got my dress shirts back from them, I found a shirt with a Towncraft label. I have never bought a Towncraft shirt before, so I knew the shirt was not mine. I brought the shirt back, but the guy behind the counter refused to acknowledge the problem and would not do anything about it.Today, I brought a load of 33 shirts to be laundered, and I asked him if he would take my word for it that there were no Towncraft shirts, and if not - would he mind looking at the shirt labels to verify that I do not have any Towncraft shirts. My plan was for him to write on the receipt - no Towncraft shirts, that way if one happend to show up, we both would know that the shirt was not mine. He refused and asked me to take my business elsewhere in a rather rude way...I believe that this guy is just following the owner's policy. They have one of the lowest prices in town for laundering shirts, but I guess you get what you pay for...
5	Best cleaners in town! Also great prices. My clothes are always ready on time. Customer service is friendly. I would recommend them to anyone!
5	Super friendly Ramone is the best in the business. He pays attention to detail and has exceptional people skills. Will now be a cust. for life. there alteration service is on site and very helpful.
1	Super cleaners,  strange that you would assign yourself such an heroic moniker . The Lex Luther of menstrual stains attacked my sheets this morning and a true super hero would have been there to fight back!  I can only assume from your lack of commitment to your craft that your ideals are as weak as your business practices ...... Woof!
5	Love this place! Super affordable and the owner is one of the nicest persons I have ever met. They are great at taking on challenges and keeping our clothes in the best possible condition. We are long time regulars and will continue to be for as long as they are here.
5	Super friendly.  He remembered my name in only 3 visits.  Usually when not busy he will see me come up and prep my items before I even walk up.  Super convenient!  Other than that. Nice job on cleaning however they dont actually do the cleaning on site....it gets taken off premises.  At least I believe thats what he said.  I had my jeans hem and sweat pants repaired (I split my bottoms and the pocket had a hole in them)  it cost $10 for each item.  The pants looks like new :) and my jeans fit.  (Im short so I usually have to get my jeans hem or I have to roll them up.) They will ask you if you plan on wearing heels...or not so they can make it a little longer to make it fit well.  Very considerate...considering I told them to hem it shorter until they brought this to my attention and then I agreed.  A little longer so heels work better :)A+ on service and good work so far on items.  Never had anything missing (expect a button but they sewed one on for free since it was missing) :)
5	Ramone is still there and gives the best service. Always has my clothes ready, on time and even before I walk in the door. Would recommend them to everyone!
