5	I had a really good experience at elephant vapor.  I have  wanted to  try vaping for quite awhile, but had no idea where to begin. Chris the owner is very knowledgable and helped me pick out a starter kit. His products seem to be of high quality for very reasonable prices. If your looking for a good vape shop look no further, try elephant vapor.
5	This shop has only been open about a week. So far i'm liking what i see. Of course there isn't much to look at, this shop doesn't cater to those who look for high end mods or look for a rebuild on a rda. This I can see mainly to those starting to quit smoking, or have just started vaping and may want to upgrade into basic mods or wants something better than an ego stick battery.The guy working there is very friendly and talkative and "full of energy." I don't mean that in a bad way lol. I had a good time talking with him and the people who came in for a few hours until they closed.The juice he carries were quite flavorful. He doesn't mix in house but he carries 3 brands i have not heard nor tasted before. many were good, others were so-so, but since i vape often i tend to keep a good look out for juice that taste and feel unique. A flavor i can mention is voodoo. It's a good mix and if you stop by sometime definitely try Voodoo.The tasting area is set up really cleanly and organized. Instead of a tasting bar, all the testers are aligned up on a rack, each flavor assigned to a battery ready to vape on, while being on a nice sized table, where two long seats on each side are there for you to sit on. KIND of like a picnic table but instead of wooden seats, it's leather. Since each flavor is assigned to a battery, all you need to do to test is grab a flavor and put your sanitary tip/condom on and vape away, once you're done, you grab another one. It feels more organized and it's definitely faster and more effective.The shop does need some work with lighting though, as it was getting dark the lighting seemed a bit too bright so maybe dimming the lights once the sun starts to set would make the shop look better. As for seating other than the testing area, there are red couches in the back, and some chairs against the wall.Overall i had a great first visit. Met some friendly people, tried some great juice, and I must mention the prices are really affordable. juice is $9 each or 2 for $16 and 3 for $21(? if i can recall correctly), and each juice is 15ml. Also aside from ebay and online, the igo-w is $16 on this visit. I've really only seen them $20 and $15 on ebay. Give this place a visit sometime!
5	I've been doing e-cigs for about 6 months. Never smiked reg cigs, thank god!My friend tom, who works in the casino business said their is a new store in Henderson.Man, what a nice surprise!!! Good products with even better prices!I'm a stickler for "Good Vapor" and will pay a little more for quality. But this guy Chrissells quality stuff at LA prices. I usually stock up when i go down to LA, but don't have to anymore.His starter kits are the lowest i've seen.
5	I've been inside many smoke shops and several "vapor" shops, and I have to say Elephant Vapor was by far the most appealing I've seen.  The shop is fresh and clean, uncluttered and inviting.  It has the feel of a hometown shop, where you can go in and take your time, chat with the owner (who greeted me as I entered and introduced himself).  Totally not like other places who seem to want you to lay down your money and get out, so they can treat the next person the same way. Elephant Vapors' owner seems to really have a handle on the customer service end of the business.The products are well-displayed in glass cases.  For so many people new to the vaping experience, the prices are very reasonable for starters.  The kits offered are of much better quality than my starter kit (9 months ago), and the cost is considerably less.  You can also buy each piece of your unit individually, choosing between a variety of batteries and tanks.  There is also a huge selection of e-liquids, and you are welcome to take your time trying any or all of the 60+ flavors.  Each flavor has its own battery, and protective tip sheaths are provided, as well as note cards to track which flavors appeal to you.This is a great store.  Do yourself a favor and check it out.
5	This vap store is by far the best one I've been too. You can't beat the prices anywhere. And I've never seen starter kits so cheap. I was ripped off at sin city. Wish this place was open when I started vap. I'm 100% loyal to elephant vapor. Huge selection of juices and great flavors. And once again you cannot beat these prices. AMAZING!!!!  Love love love this place. Must go!!!!  All of his testing flavors are all on there own battery so you don't need to twist off every flavor u want to try. It's great. The owner Chris is so nice and friendly.
5	This place is the spot to get all your vaping needs, the homie Chris knows all about customer service. No need to go elsewhere. Always greeted with a smile.
5	By far the best vape shop I've been to. Owner cares about what customers are putting into their body's. Only the.best vape juices. My new favorite spot.
5	This was my first time here I definitely like the customer service from Chris the owner. There are tons and tons of flavors to choose from. You get to test out flavors you havent tried before. You also cannot find better prices for everything in this shop anywhere else. Thank you Chris.
5	For someone who is just beginning to explore the whole "vape" thing it' is a great shop.  Chris is very patient and explains everything very well.  There is a large selection of flavors to try and overall great small business to support.
5	Get off them smokes mannnnn, cigs are for the dead and dieing!! Shop is legit Chris will take his time and set you up with a system that will work for you. No need to add nicotine just puff on some water and relax. Chris is a good man hit him up
5	Customer service is great. Lots of different juices from different companies. I personally love the crowns reserve barons brew. I drive across town just to go here. I broke one of my mechanical mods and he replaced it with no problems. I will definitely be going back.
5	Chris is amazing and very helpful! Willing to take the time to talk to you and find the flavors you may want!Diamond in the desert for sure!
5	Chris is a nice guy that doesn't try to pressure you into anything. He makes sure you are going to be happy with what you purchase and doesn't try to hard sell the high end models like some stores do. His prices are fair and reasonable. He's a hard working guy that is extremely friendly.
5	Went in to find some extra cartomizers for my bcc tank and they had it in stock cheaper than other places and Chris is very friendly and knowledgable definitely will be back more and it's location is close to where I live
5	Chris Tan, the owner of this Vape Shop, might be the most honest salesperson you could meet in life!Prior to my visit, I'd never expected someone would spend over an hour to explain me so thoroughly regarding the equipment (mod, etc.,) I needed and how to use it, he is so knowledgeable in regard and best of all, he is not those kind of normal salesmen to just try to sell you the product, but detailing you almost everything!I am green to vaping and he makes sure every of my penny was well spent.He is simply amazing!!!
5	Finding Elephant Vapor is like finding water in the desert; a rare commodity. The owner is one of the most honest people I have met. He has a good sized selection of mods, RDA's, tips and other accessories. This is complemented by a sizable selection of juices. Elephant is great one stop shop and offers a memorable experience each and every time. Would recommend this store to anyone!
5	Got me some custom juice from there new custom juice bar  and very good pricing, Chris is the man and so is his team very helpful and knowledgable thanks again for the awesome service. Definitely can't wait to try more custom juices
5	Unbeatable prices, super nice staff, really nice and chill relaxing environment. Wouldn't ever go to a different shop!
5	This place is absolutely amazing, Chris and his staff are not only knowledgeable but very friendly and genuine. I've been vaping with pens for awhile now and just got the K100 as my start mod. I know nothing about mods and the staff people there explained and helped me alot. Especially Brandon who set up my mod and showed me how to use it. I got a more then reasonable price on everything including custom juice which came with my purchase. Now the custom juice bar is ingenious and the pricing is unbeatable.  30 ml bottle is only $8 and the 60 ml is only $14... WHAT!?!?!?! Not only that but when you custom make your juice they don't pressure you, meaning if you don't like it they tweek it or toss it and start over again. They don't make you pay for anything until you are completely happy with your juice. The customer service in this place is over the top and its also a cool place to hang out and just vape and talk. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking to either start vaping or have vaped for awhile. No other store can beat their prices, their sheer determination to please the customer and their overall attitude as a business. This is my shop from now on and no other shop can compare. They don't pressure you into anything but rather use their knowledge to best suit your needs. As a first time modder they could have easily pushed me for the more expensive mods but rather they fully understood my noobness and properly advised me to get the K100, which started off as a drip system but the next day i went in to buy the Orchid tank. Which is freaking amazing i might add. So overall I love place and the people there.
5	Finally a place where you can make custom make your own juice to your taste buds. They welcome you in as soon as you hit the door! You cant go wrong with the prices.The prices for mods and wick wire is priced fairly lower compared to other local vape shops. I found my new spot.
5	Love this place. Come in every week, all the employee know there stuff and are always helping out. They have there own Juice an it's always fun and relaxing. It does get busy but it's only a quick rush and it clears out frequently!!!
5	If you're looking for high priced brand name e liquid this is not the shop for you. Although the premium selection is small  (suicide bunny being the highlight of their selection ) elephant vapor offers a great selection of house made juices at a great price! 15ml bottles as low as 5$ with better bargains the more you buy  (up to 420ml!) Offering a long list of flavors for you to custom mix your own juices, along with superb customer service, I will definitely be returning to tamper with different mixes that suite my own personal preferences. If you're looking for good quality eliquid that would be fit for any budget I would definitely plan to check them out.
5	This is by far my favorite vape shop in vegas!!Products are great, prices are great, and the customer service is always awesome. The owner Chris and the entire staff are so knowledgeable and honest. Perfect place for those who are new to vaping and the pros!!! No need to go anywhere else in town for an awesome experience.
5	Best place and price to get juice over 200 different flavors and very good customer service this will be my new go to Vape shop. Have a good selection of mods also best price in town for juice and mods.
2	I admit they are well priced and they have lots of flavor options and they're great yeah. But every time I go there I am disappointed with the service. One time I waited there for 35 minutes just to get my cotton changed. I ended up leaving cause people just walk in front of you there and there's no one policing people in line so I've been cut in line a few times. My other issue, I am fairly new to vaping and I guess I said the wrong amount of nicotine or something that didn't exist and the woman helping me, makes an announcement to the entire store and says "has anyone ever sold blah amount of nicotine to this woman," I was extremely embarrassed and of course everyone said no. Even though I didn't know what I was talking about, that was kind of rude even as a person not an employee. Just saying, they're not all clouds and butterflies.
