5	Mondays means the Auto Burger truck is parked in front of Gateway Village. I'd seen the truck before, and I thought I'd take a peek at their menu.I was torn between the Hangover (fried egg, applewood bacon, cheddar, and garlic aioli) or the Adam (ground turkey, sauteed spinach, 5 cheese, and more aioli); I wasn't sure if I wanted to feel suicidal or healthy. The guy in the truck (shoulda gotten his name) suggested something in between called the Cali - pineapple, Canadian bacon, Monterrey Jack, and avocado spread. Sounds good, I thought, why not give it a whirl?I am often prone to exaggeration, but I'm not joking here: the Cali is simply ONE OF THE BEST BURGERS I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY BURGER-LOVIN' LIFE!I can't wait for Mondays, now that I'll have a hot date with a food truck. Say you love me, Auto Burger, because I love you too!
4	This is basically a gourmet burger served via food truck! The burgers here are huge in diameter with no silly meat-smaller-than-the-bun. I ordered the hangover burger ($9.50) which I highly recommend. It comes with cheddar cheese, applewood smoked bacon, a fried egg, garlic aioli and beef patty. Yes this sounds gruesomely fatty but it was delicious, filling, and not entirely food-coma-inducing (which is amazing right?). An hour later and I was ready to go for a jog! My friend got the bacon blue burger which upon first bite he looked over to me and said "This is a really good burger." He got jalapeno aioli with his burger and really liked the spicy kick. Don't forget to request lettuce, tomato, red onion, and pickle! It's free of charge and didn't realize this until I was rereading the menu. My burger I ended up eating sort of flat because it's pretty much stuffed with just meat and cheese. The whole time I was thinking these burgers were missing green/veg/tomato(fruit?). Find these guys occasionally at the friday night food truck rally at Southend!
4	Tried them for the first time at the Huntersville Food Truck Rally a couple of weeks ago.   I had the Adam Burgers. The turkey patty was well cooked, tender and spicy.  This was well balanced with the sweet raspberry  aioli.  Overall, a solid little burger!Wish I had tried the Sweet Potato Fries... next time though for sure!
5	How much do we love this food trucks name? I however would call it Auto Burger and NICE Guys! The guys running the truck were beyond nice. You know what, I'm changing my rating to 5 stars for the service alone. The night we were there, the tables were not out. The Guys heard us talking about going to sit on the ground picnic style. They offered to go get the tables and set them out for us. In fact, they put out all the table and chairs for everyone! See what I mean? NICE GUYS! My children opted not to get to adventurous with their burgers. They both ordered the Build Your Own. I have to say they were rather boring for me personally but for 8 year olds they were perfect. The burger itself was very flavorful, juicy and the toppings were very fresh. I did try to get my son to order the Hangover. I think that was the name. It's the burger that's topped with a fried egg, bacon cheese and garlic aioli but no such luck. Next time I stop by I will be having me some serious Hangover! I especially liked how the Nice Guys asked me how I wanted my burgers cooked. What? You mean you don't cook them to oblivion like most places in Clt do? Sweet! Looks like I'm going to be a Auto Burger and Fry Guys stalker.
4	Wow!! What a great find! I've largely been disappointed with the burgers in Charlotte but this gem is an exception. They use great ingredients, flavorful beef, and really good fries! If you get a chance, be sure to check them out!
1	Took close to 20 minutes for an incredibly bland burger and mediocre fries. They couldn't even give me a full cup of ketchup. Absolutely not worth the money. How could anyone eat here on their lunch break? Save your time and money and hit Cookout.
5	This food truck is awesome! I had a DOUBLE PIMENTO BURGER and it was awesome. The patties and pimento cheese were homemade and the fry's were hand cut. My fiance decided to go healthy with a homemade black bean burger. Now, I'm from Texas so I know beef and I love beef and I don't love veggie burgers but even the black bean burger was really good. If you like burgers, hunt this food truck down.
5	Love them,,, best burger we have ever had.... Great combination of NoDa brew and Hangover burger... Egg and bacon on burger....fantastic!!
5	Yes please!  I had the luxury of finding out about this place on a visit to tour Noda Brewery.  I was taken aback by the choices and different aoli flavors. I picked the Adam which is a turkey burger with 5 cheeses, perfectly chosen spinach, and raspberry aoli. This is best Turkey burger I've ever had.  The burger had garlic and onions mixed in but you couldn't taste them individually which added a great flavor to the pattie. The fries were cooked and seasoned perfectly in a good portion and cheap. The staff was friendly and helpful while being really down to earth. Definitely worth the try. I used to think that the kickstand had the best burger in town but I'm rethinking that choice. I know I will be back here for my next frequent burger craving.
4	Auto Burger came to my office a few months ago as an "event" for one of our corporate-sponsored-demanding-donations campaigns and I think at the time they were ill-prepared for the 50 hangry architects that bum-rushed their beef-wagon.  After standing in line for about 10 minutes and not moving, I decided to go get lunch elsewhere.  They have returned monthly since then, and the office has learned to stagger their orders and not all go as soon as the truck gets here, but I had not been able to get a burger until today.Holy.  Smokes.  I have been missing out!Today's order was a Hangover burger for $9.25 (burger, fried egg - which I asked to be well done and that wish was granted, applewood bacon, and cheddar cheese with garlic aioli) and fries for $2.00 (if you want lettuce, tomato, etc., remember to request that upon order, they are free but not automatically included) .  I placed my order, and was told 10 minutes.  They cook your burger temperature to order, and my burger was cooked perfectly (medium well, but still remained juicy and delicious).  The fries are thicker cut and were hot and crispy, served with a small container of ketchup.  The burger and fries were very good, and the burger was huge and the portion of fries was more than I could eat.  I am not a huge garlic fan, so the next time I will probably pass on the garlic aioli (though it was tasty, just not office-breath friendly), but the burger was moist and yummy and just greasy enough.I had a stray sweet potato fry in my bag that was delicious - the next time they are here I will be trying a different kind of burger (bacon blue, probably) and the sweet potato fries.  Their Facebook page usually says where they are going to be, so try them out if you can, and if you want to come visit me at work, I will let you know the next time they visit my office.  Good stuff - eat local!
4	Food Truck Friday strikes yet again! I've been meaning to sample Auto Burger for quite some time and FFF is like shooting fish in a barrel when it comes to good food choices. Stepped on up to the truck around 6pm and no line had formed. These guys and gals hoof it to make each order. You can see the hustle and bustle from the front window. I will say that the table in front for ordering, rather than walking up to the window, fairs well for these guys. Give your order to the friendly face and pay via Square. Done and done.Both burgers handed to you in a paper bag, fries in cups in the bag, and wrapped in wax paper. Ordered the Cali and my wife ordered the Adam -- veggie style. The Cali...damn. It was awesome. Avocado spread, grilled pineapple, Canadian bacon, and Monterrey jack cheese. It wasn't too massive, which was nice. Perfectly messy, great balance of flavors, textures, and overall presentation. The Canadian bacon was a really nice addition. Added a great texture and saltiness. The bun(s) were/are perfect. Not sure where they're getting their bread from, but they work well with the combinations. Fries and sweet tater fries are both great. Not a darn thing wrong with either. Use the paper back as a "plate" and just dump the cups out. Optimal sharing function!I can't wait to check out some of the other burgers on the menu.
3	A long line is a given, so I didn't mind. But I personally didn't think the burgers were worth the line. I got a turkey burger and my friends all got different beef burgers and had the same reaction. Good but not worth an hour wait.
4	Been doing the Food Truck Friday for about a year. These burgers are delicious!Now that the entire Charlotte area has been alerted to F.T.F, it's time to find them at a different location. Line for a burger is like an hr or more.Reason for 4 and not 5 stars is the price is kinda high being that they have no overhead?
4	It has the best bake sweet potato in the deep fried version, that is the extra sweet potato pie fries. Crispy outside and smush inside, yum!!! My bf loved the californication burger, the grill pineapple on top of the homemade avocado. I personally don't like burger much bc I feel like it lacks flavor. This one is actually pretty decent. It had a lil sweet and sour taste along with the thick avocado scent.
5	I've seen this truck for months and never tried it, I wish I hadn't wasted so much time!  The Adam turkey burger was awesome!  The turkey burger was juicy and flavorful and the sauteed spinach, five cheese blend and raspberry aioli were a delicious combo.  Plus, the owner/cook was a super nice guy.  If you see them around town, you must try it!
5	I had to wait in line for over an hour at Food Truck Friday, so maybe my intense hunger plays into this review....but it was one of the best burgers I've had in Charlotte. (My other favorite burger is at Block & Grinder). I ordered the burger with a fried egg on top. It was huge, so not only did I get my money's worth (it IS pretty expensive), but it was well worth the wait in line.
5	turkey burger! it was amazing. eat it.
5	Try the Hangover!  It's magnificent.  Takes a while so be patient.  Worth the wait!!!
5	This is one I absolutely HATE!!!!!!!! They make this cheese sauce that they put on their juicy burgers that have me loosing sleep. I can't get it out of my head. I be jonesing for this stuff 24/7. I be like why can't you guy's just park outside my house permanently? Maybe cause I would end up weighing over 1000 pounds in less than a month I'm sure. Keep up the great work guy's.  ;-)
5	FUCKTASTICThey came to service my job with fantastic service and even BOMBER food. My burger needs nothing. Seasoned to fucking PERFECTION and YES, real quality beef and COMPLETELY worth the $10.75 for just the beef
5	I just got the fries with spicy catsup and chipotle. Everything was great. I liked the chipotle better than the spice catsup.
