4	Ma'am step away from the donuts!  Does anyone know when they started spelling doughnuts, donuts?  I couldn't find MJ's because I was misspelling donut.  Jeez, this is complicated.I heard there was a doughnut shop in PIneville, so I went searching for it.  It is in the Food Lion shopping center in Pineville on 51 and Polk, it is facing Polk on the other side of the shops, very tricky.  Once we found it, we went barreling in there.  Fresh donuts made with love.  The lady behind the counter  was really nice too, she gave me some doughnut holes with my sour cream doughnut.  Delicious and nutritious.
4	Unfortunately, this place is on the back road from Ballantyne to Pineville, where my BFF lives (she hates it when I call her that).  Unfortunate because it is really easy to pop into the store and eat a donut quickly in the car... unfortunate that I like sweets so much.  Guys, it's even on the right side of the road... This was my goto place when buying large quantities of donuts for a client or breakfast meeting.  Her prices are in line with the big chains and I would rather help out a small business owner any day.  I have tried the doughnuts, but never the fritters and bigger pastries, not sure about them.  Im not a big Krispy Kreme fan, so this place is good for me.  Stopped by the shop on a visit to Charlotte a few days ago... quality is still pretty good.  I'm kinda giving this place 4 stars because it is the only place around Pineville/Ballantyne that isn't a chain.  Plus, the gal that owns the shop is super sweet.  I'm not saying that this is the best donut place forever, I just like that it is a local shop with a good variety at reasonable prices.  The owner always gives a little bag of doughnut holes to each customer with their order... Its sweet and very difficult to refuse.  I have tried many times...  I think she does this for us career girls picking up breakfast for the office.  So we don't have to sneak into the box on the way.
5	This is what Dunkin Donuts USED to be when they actually had doughnut chefs working at each store (you know, the 'Time to Make the Donuts Guy').  Fresh, delicious doughnuts!  Their yeast style donuts are light and chewy, like they should be!  You won't find the massive variety of doughnuts like to do at DD... but that's because DD uses the Pizza Hut mentality of "dazzle them with bizarre variety to distract them from the fact your product sucks," however, what they do have is fantastic!  Try the apple fritter or cinnamon roll if your blood sugar level is a tad low.  Wow!As has been mentioned before, this place is a mom & pop store.  Open only M-Sa until noon and tucked away next to the Goodyear on S. Polk St, it's easy to miss it.  I love the fact they throw in some doughnut holes with every order.  You wouldn't see DD doing anything like that!This place was the best/worst discovery we made in South Charlotte in the past two years.  Best because the doughnuts are awesome... worst for our waist lines!!EDIT: THEY ARE OPEN SUNDAYS NOW! YEAH!! Also, get there early... we got there at 11:40 one Saturday and they were out of almost every good kind of donuts and didn't have any free donut holes left.EDIT AGAIN! Only reason I am editing my comments is because I cannot say enough good things about this place and I want them to succeed.. although they may not need my help. We got there later on a Saturday recently, and the pickings were slim... so they are doing a robust business! But today I was really happy with our stop there since EVERY donut we bought was soft and fresh.. .and the jelly donut was still a little bit warm!!
4	why is this the only "good" doughnut place around town?! even the grocery stores are lacking in fresh doughnuts. i don't get it. i know there are dd, but they don't really count unless that is all you know.like everyone has mentioned, this place is major mom-n-pop. it's almost easy to miss. they only are open 'til noon. they give you free doughnut holes with every purchase. they're a pregnant girl's dream (or at least mine within this past year). and the owners are super nice and korean (?). asians represent!!!while it's not the best doughnut place i have ever been to (i consider myself an expert), it fits the bill. i've tried all they yeast-y doughnuts, because i don't care for cake ones--so forgive me if i have no opinion on those. the yeast-y ones are outstanding. i just wish they didn't run out of doughnuts so quick on the weekends. saturdays get really chintzy, because there are ball games and other events at the park nearby. so everyone within doughnut-eating range cleans them out. so don't expect to get all your faves, if you get here too late.
4	I happened upon this place the other day and was really impressed with the fresh & delish doughnuts. They have the big yeasty kind as well as the cake kind. I prefer the former rather than the latter type.  For my splurge, I decided to go for a glazed  with chocolate icing & sliced almonds on top. It was yummy!  I also got an apple fritter for David since that is one of his favs.  They also threw in a few donut holes in the bag, which was a nice treat. This place is dangerous if you are trying to count calories... but a great find if you are looking for a good doughnut!
4	Yum!  Good consistent donuts at MJ.  Plenty of choices.The same woman is always working the counter.  Always.  You would never describe her as warm - not sure I've ever really seen her smile, but she is certainly friendly enough to not detract from the yummy fried goodies.
5	MJ has the best doughnuts in Charlotte.  There is always a wide selection of freshly-made treats.  As others have stated, these are extremely good and chewy doughnuts.   The prices are no higher than large chains, despite the personal touch to the doughnuts.  My personal favorites are chocolate-almond, butterscotch, and vanilla-coconut.  The owners are always very nice, as well.  Don't be surprised if you get "bonus" items in your bag!  Do yourself a favor, skip Krispy Kreme and Dunkin and give MJ a try.
5	Been coming here for 10 years. Always tasty and the lady behind the glass is nice as hell! :)
4	All Korean (I'm guessing) Donut Shops are not the same, this one is better than some. "Fresh Donuts and Coffee Every Morning" Painted Big on the Front Window!  I do NOT Read well most of the time!  So I ask the Lady behind the counter (probably the Owner) "are your Donuts Fresh"  She was almost tongue-tied at first and gave a slightly longer answer followed with "I Can Assure you these were made this morning"  I was here at 9:00 am, so...Glazed!  It was good as in more than three stars, though not four.  If I would have gotten here when in was just cooked I bet I would have liked it better.Boston Cream Filled Glazed Donut with Chocolate Icing on top!  This Boston Cream was good, though I have probably never had any before!Taking a clue from POPROCK LOVE's Review... I simply followed where all the Cars were going and found it with ease!Local following!  In the few minutes I was there (I sat down and ate, so three minutes) ALL her Customers were regulars!  I probably like being the oddball much of the time!He he!  How Fortunate or UN-fortunate to have the same initials as He he, formerly known as the "Gloved One" !  M. J. !
5	By far the best donut in Charlotte. .. there is not one i don't like.The Blueberry is amazing
4	We love this place and go every few weeks, its a little ways away from us. But sometimes its hard to beat a donut shop that isn't a chain and this is one of those. Tons of selections and always fresh, they also give you donuts holes with every order.
5	Wow.Like...SHUT the front door...WOW! This place is awesome! And by far has some of best apple fritters I've ever tasted! Yep. I said it and I mean it! I stopped in a little after 8 am on Saturday morning (yes they are open on the weekends) and was pleasantly surprised with the service and selection. The staff were all super friendly! They greeted me when I walked in and gave me free donut holes with my purchase! Since you have to spend $5 to use your credit card I went crazy with my order (it makes me feel better to blame someone else for my greediness) I got a couple of apple fritters, cinnamon twist, some donuts and a coffee.Holy Smokes! Everything was divine! So soft and still warm you could tell they had just been freshly baked! But hands down my favorite was the apple fritter! First, it's huge! Second, it's crunchy on the outside, chewy on the inside with chucks of apples and all that glorious glaze....finger licking good!Please don't be like me and wait over a year to try this place. The prices are super reasonable and it's just so freaking good! You won't be disappointed! I'm just so glad this place isn't any closer to where I live because it would be seriously detrimental to my waistline! Ha.
5	Fantastic donuts PLUS a bit of a journey down memory lane. Our family loves every variety we have tried and donuts are fresh and melt in your mouth. Plus it is a reminder of the way bakeries used to be when I was a kid. I wish MJ would expand into other Charlotte locations!!
5	Wow. Donuts are amazing! You have to try the Apple fritter & blueberry. Sooo good! It was worth the drive, coming from Charlotte.
3	The donuts are good.  The coffee tastes like urine.  That is why I give this place a three star.
5	Hidden Gem! I love their fresh, homemade donuts all tucked away secretly and I love the bag of free donut holes you get with every purchase! MJ's is my reward for waking up early, because they close up before noon once they've run out of donuts to sell... The double blueberry and their classic glass can't be beat!
5	Incredible donuts! Everything I've tried has tasted delicious. So light and fresh tasting, not overly sweet. So happy my friend introduced me to MJ's!
5	Wow. Amazing, fresh, delicious ... what else can I say? Had the double chocolate cake donut and the cinnamon cake donut. Both were divine. Will definitely be back.
5	The BEST donuts in Charlotte area.Who on earth would eat a crappy Dunkin or Krispy Creme with this here???
5	Hands down my favorite donuts in Charlotte. Granted that's not saying much since its competition is Krispy Kreme and Dunkin' Donuts. But still a great variety, fresh daily, and the mom and pop feel make it top notch in my book. To top it off, they throw in free donut holes with every purchase.
4	I live in Pineville since 2007 this is the plavr we get donuts only. I can say best donuts ever, way better then any chain.  Customer service is not the best but the donuts are great.
5	Sometimes you happen upon a little storefront that brings back happy childhood memories - and this is the place! I grew up not far from a little mom & pop donut shop that made amazing fresh donuts that basically spoiled me for life on Krispy Kreme or Dunkin. After moving away I missed the smell and taste of fresh donuts - until I found MJ's.The staff are friendly and the selection is great. My personal favorites are the donut holes and the apple fritter (and a sausage croissant to even out all the sugar). If you are looking for light and fluffy homemade wonders look no further than MJ.
4	Mj's has some really good donuts. I stopped in after seeing other yelp reviews and I can see why people love this place. The donuts are light and soft and you get free donut holes with your purchase. I will definitely be back.
3	An independent donut place with donuts that taste a notch above Dunkin and Krispy. Lots of signs forbidding visitors from touching the case or bringing outside food. Small line on Saturday morning. Donuts were ok, I wouldn't travel to come here but it wasn't bad.
