4	I like this store- I have a member card so I save 10% every time I make a purchase- believe me, it's worth it. (Also a Hawaiian Miles Mall participant. Free shipping on the website with orders of $50 or more.) I don't shop here when it's regular price- hey, these prices are high. I come here a few times a year when there are two big sales. I buy in bulk so I can give the items as gifts- I shop year-round so I always have gifts on hand, for female friends, anyway. That's one of my shopping secrets. In addition, there are other promotions as well, such as "Buy 2 - get 1 free." Since I belong to the e-mail club, I get the updates and that's how I am in the know. I really love the Body Butter products ( mango, coconut, shea butter, vitamin E, cocoa butter, raspberry, just to name a few- so often imitated, but not perfected), the gifts (no-brainer gift idea), and the foot kits (great as gifts, but I use it too). This one's at the Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood casino/hotel. I haven't found much during sale time at this one in recent years. I am guessing because there is more exposure to tourists (so I can blame them- ha-ha, just kidding). Still worth a try checking out if you are in the area.
4	Great promotion going on right now. They have a wheel upfront with discounts galore. 50% off of a purchase up to $250 is one of the many great prizes. The only down side is if you get the 50% off, it does not include other active promotions. My two lip balms for $10 was not a part of the special. Their is always a wonderful fragrance coming out of any Body Shop, yet trying to pinpoint where that wonderful scent is coming from is impossible. It is not one smell, but an amalgamation of all their products. I like their pink grapefruit mixed with mango. They have two body butters in one container now, but they tend to be floral and herbal combinations. The Body Shop also carries a large selection of tea tree oil items which I use to control my unruly skin. Facial exfoliation brushes are also inexpensive.
