5	Great place to host kids bday party if kids are older than 3 yrs. There are a total of eight huge bounce, climb and slides. Older kids can enjoy all of them while two year old can get enjoy a few of them. Even the pizza was very good. Overall a great place for kids.
4	Even though I'm a fan, I'm not allowed back without a helmet. My daughter has attended many wonderful birthday parties here. This is a great birthday facility for toddlers - tweens. Before you go into the rooms, the kids and adults watch a video about safety on the slides and bounce rooms. One of the rules they emphasize is *getting out of the way* when you get to the bottom of the slide so you don't get hit by the next kid/adult on the slide.Well, my beautiful girl did not listen carefully, got all spaced out at the bottom of a slide, and slammed by some kid at the party. Next thing I know, she is screaming in my arms  that her arm hurts. The party starts to move into the next bounce room, and I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to calm down my screamer and get in the other room so the next party can start in the first bounce room. Every time, I moved, the screaming increased a few decibels. The people that worked there came to assess the situation and help, but I told them proudly that I had it all under control. Then I fainted. I woke up in some big man's arms all confused. When you wake up dazed and confused in a stranger's arms, the first thing you do is make sure you have clothes on. Check! Next thing was panic - where is my little girl? When I fainted, the party moved quickly to the other room with all the kids including my screamer, and three parents and two staff members stayed behind to revive me. My husband picked us up and I have been too embarrassed to go back since.Even though I have to wear a helmet to parties here, I still think it's a great place and highly recommend it! Just make sure your kid is well rested before they get there, and maybe run through some fire drills on quickly getting out of the way.
4	Had my son's 2nd bday party here. We all had a great time bouncing and jumping. They really have the best inflatables in the valley and believe me I checked them all. I will say they do price gouge you on the pizza and extras. I wish I could have brought in my own food or at least my own drinks. Overall, my son and his friends had a great time and I would throw another party here. I just have to prepare myself for the expense.
3	We went to a great birthday party for Noah here!  Our group arrived  a bit late and missed the safety video.  If you've played at another bounce-type facility, you know, get out of the way, keep your exposed flesh from the sides of the slides, watch where you're bouncing and burn as much energy as you can!BE SURE TO BRING YOUR OWN SOCKS!  If you do not you will not be allowed on the bouncies or required to purchase a pair of their socks that are a bit pricey.The facility itself was clean and full of great bounce-obstacles and slides.  Adults are encouraged to expend saved energy as well.  The staff was friendly, but towards the end of the party, they were running out of smiley energy as when they started.The party had pizza and drinks, which the staff had laid out in the party room for all the children.  That was really nice!  They had all the gifts fantastically laid out and organized.  There was a huge blow-up birthday chair that was the envy of the children there and several parents (myself included) too!  The staff helped serve the party goers with more pizza and drinks.  Then they cleaned up and prepped for the cake.  They lit the candles, turned out the lights and carried the cake to the birthday boy for the birthday song and wish making.  After the delightfully off-key song, the staff cut the cake and served it as well. The two young ladies helped with the gifts and kept a list of who gave what.  Great for writing thank-you notes!Overall the place is great for birthdays and other party events for both children and parents alike!
5	Open play time every week day and they don't charge parents.  My little sweet pea can burn up some energy and I can relax and read a book or catch up on some work.  This place will stay on our rotation.
5	Took my 5 year old and 1 year old to Pump It Up on Friday.  The guys (Jon and Chris) who were keeping order are probably the best kids I've ever encountered!  Not only are they totally on top of any possible danger situation, they have made it a point to keep my 1 year old safe with all the other older kids running around.   Way to go Pump it Up for hiring some great staff!!!  Love it and will def. be back - especially with your open bounce passes!
5	I took my 2 1/2 year old to Pump It Up in Tempe for the first time today.  He had the best time! There are two large arenas full of bounce houses, slides, toys, etc.  Everything looked maintained and clean.  Besides the cool equipment, the friendly staff really pushed the experience over the top.  They didn't just stand there and watch like most places I've been to, they get involved.  They played with my son and all the other kids the entire time! It gave me a nice break! Thanks Pump it Up staff, you're boss is lucky to have so many friendly people like you all.
5	Super fun for my 2yr old. We went on a week day from noon-3pm only us and two other families. Lots of space for the kids to run around. Something for every age!
5	Excellent experience across the board. We had our sons 6th birthday party at Pump it up. The staff was courteous, organized and seemingly enjoy what they do. The facility itself is two huge rooms filled with huge bounce houses. The kids spend 30+min in each room - then the last hour is spent in the "party room", a place with tables to eat cake and open presents. We used the "glow" party option where they turn off the lights and use strobes instead, and the kids all got glow sticks which they seemed to enjoy. Certainly pricey, but I would happily recommend to other parents as a party location.
4	Pretty good place for young kids
2	This place is good because the kids just love it. I also appreciate that it is clean. It used to be a lot better when the staff working would play with the kids.  The people who worked there last summer were great with the kids!  This year the staff disengaged and just ignore the kids.  In fact my friends and I suspected one employee might have been high because he hid between two inflatables the entire time we were there.  The other downside is how they run the "open jumps".  They have times posted on their website, even have a daily calendar, but without any notice they close open jumps to the public.  In just the past month I have been there twice for open jump and then turned away because they closed to the public. WTH!? How discourteous to your customers!  Clearly, they don't take their customers seriously and value their time.  Besides annoying parents, they disappoint kids. They have an event calendar- they should use and update it!
3	Great place to bring the kids during the summer when it's way to hot.Only issue I have is they rush you out if you have a birthday party, we spent maybe 15 min in the party room. I went to settle up with my tab and the whole party was leaving.Open jump should be avoided on Sundays the staff is more invested in socializing with each other and not focusing on what some of the kids are doing.Weekdays during the school year midday are perfect.
4	Awesome place. I took my kids to a birthday party there the weekend before last and they had a great time. Lots to do and the party was VERY organized! Everything was great except one of the two party attendants.  The guy was awesome but the girl was drab, looked completely unhappy and bored. She really shouldn't be working there if she's not happy. Especially for the amount of money that one has to spend to have a party there.  But nonetheless we all had a great time!
5	First time at Pump It Up! Was a great experience bunch of fun activities for the kids ! Great place to host kids birthday parties! The only thing is their food was cold like it was sitting out for the entire party!
