2	2.50 transaction ATM fee. Come on. FCUs are supposed to stick together. Oh wait. This is vegas.
1	Worst credit union ever. Started charging $8.00 per day for no money in account then made up creative ways of making sure you have a zero balance! Didn't bother to inform customers of $8.00 charge but swear up and down they did so via email. Typical Vegas BS.
1	Squeezed in an unassuming strip mall, we came here for a little extra cash for the slots in an effort to not get ripped off by a casino or bank ATM.    So instead, we get ripped for $2.50 here, by a credit union that I thought was part of the group of credit unions where they don't do that sort of thing.  Aw well, guess we learned the hard way and won't consider this place again.
1	One Nevada is not an institution worth keeping your money at! First off, they do not have tellers to walk up to deposit your money; instead you have to deposit it in the ATM which is fine but if you need that face to face interaction that you sometimes need to deposit money - One Nevada lack this service. Far as I know they are only a few braches in town that offer this service of 24 locations. You next get penalized for having too much money in your account - My wife and I got this fee for having over 50k in our account, right now, we are in the process of moving to another financial institution. If you are going to do your banking - do it elsewhere if you plan on keeping over 50k in your account. This place really lacks the service that banks need to provide these days - good Customer Service! Take my advice and do not bank here!
3	Easily accessible, however almost none of the branches have tellers inside of them so if you actually need to withdraw a  large sum of money you have to go around town to find the branch that DOES have cash on premises. Or if you want to cash in your piggy bank! Also if they did away with their fee's it would be even better!
4	This is not the branch where I signed up but due to the location and the proximity to my job, I use this branch often.The staff here is just as friendly and always so helpful. The ease they offer and provide when I need to withdraw more money than my daily allowance from the ATM makes it such an easy transaction that I do not mind.The waits here are seldom long and more often than not, I am helped immediately and do not even have to sign in.
3	This is obviously my bank and they dont have to many branches, I normally do all my banking through the ATM.  This ATM you realllly gotta keep an eye on.  Every time (almost) I deposit a check the amount the machine thinks it is is wrong !!! Ive deposited a lot of checks in a lot of different banks and never had that happen.  Its happened to me here more the 5 times.  Please everyone make sure before hitting accept that the amount the machine read is correct.  Yesterday i deposited a check for 160 and the ATM though it was 4160!!! Another day it was 260 and it thought it was 60!!! ekkkkk.....keep an eye out.
5	Suzie Drinkwine at the Lake mead is the best.She helped me refinance my cars and saved me A ton of money.
