5	I hate kenneling my dog Snoop (50# Doberman Australian Shepard).  He is very active and loves to run and play, so every time I get him back from an over night/weekend kennel he is stressed out... it kills me.  I met Greta through a friend and she seemed excited about putting me at ease about Snoops kenneling issues.  He stayed a weekend with her and was treating her as his new owner when I came to pick him up.  I was very happy with how kind she was with him.  She only charged me $30 a night, 60 for the weekend!!  I gladly paid her $80, because I could tell he was well taken care of.  I have not found personalized care like this for my pup yet so I was very pleased.
5	I hate boarding my 14 year old, spoiled shtz tuz Katie.  I have alwys worried that she wouldn't get the attention she gets at home. Well that has changed since I used Rover for dog boarding.  Bill, her sitter, was great with her.  He kept her on her walking and her feeding schedule.  He kept me informed and included pictures. I was in Mexico so this was a great relief to see what she was up to.  When I picked her up she was relaxed, happy, and clean...no kennel smell like at some places.  I recommend this company for all dog boarding   They truly care about the comfort of your pet.
1	We meet with a pet sitter two weeks prior to make sure the pets got along well.  We felt comfortable leaving our dog in the care of this sitter and his dogs after the visit and many positive reviews for him on the website.  When we dropped my chihuahua off the day before we were scheduled to go on vacation one of the dogs attacked.  She bite my dog on the neck.  My husband tried to get the dog off but it kept biting and got her in the rump and leg area also. The vet shaved down my dog in the bite areas and there was a lot of bruising.  She is on pain med and antibiotics.  The pet sitter is still available to book.  There are no warnings or advisories that his dog bit another dog and I am unable to leave a review on the website due to the cancellation of the booking after the incident.
5	I was very satisfied boarding my pet through rover.com. I was able to browse through various sitters in my local area and read reviews as well including information on their rates. Most sitters were able to respond to my inquiry almost immediately therefore allowing me plenty of time to find an alternative sitter when one was not available. I was also able to arrange a meet and greet prior to dropping off my pet. Finally our pet had a great stay and we were completely satisfied. Our sitter turned out to be great and we look forward to booking her through rover again in future whenever we are out of town...
1	Be sure to review your dog sitter before you book with them!!!! Do not trust the reviews!!!!!  This website had great reviews for green acres dog boarding in Gilbert az and they just killed 17 dogs!!!!!!!
5	Rover.com is truly the best!!! Connects Dog lovers to dog lovers!!! My heart broke every time I left our 97lb Airedale, Hank at a kennel--it reminded me of the pound. Chain-link fences, unnatural feeding/play/human interaction routines and distressed dogs that filled the facilities--it always made me feel guilty. Since we have been using ROVER.com for pet sitting / dog sitting, we have had many worry-free vacations knowing Hank is being cared for by other dog lovers in the comfort of a dog friendly home. It truly is all about Hank having a good time and since we have used Rover.com he has found many dog friends to socialize with and do play dates with. Rover.com's website is super easy to navigate, review profiles, set up meet and greets and connect with dog people :) Their customer service is supberb and on point if you ever have a concern or have technical difficulties. I absolutely recommend doing a 'MEET & GREET,' before any booking and thoroughly checking where your dog will be sleeping & playing. Socialize yourself with your sitter and your dog with their dogs so you can leave them feeling worry free. As you can see from our pictures below from past stays, Hank has always made himself more than comfortable & been spoiled!We truly have enjoyed the experience Rover.com offers and I know Hank does too!
5	We left our 2 poodles for the first time with someone we didn't know, with a sitter we found on Rover.com. She was outstanding, and we will definately use her again. Dog boarding can be scary for pets, and us owners..this makes it much easier.
5	Rover.com made finding a home to board my puppy much easier. I downloaded the Rover.com app and loved it. I was able to find the perfect sitter within 2 miles from my house. We exchanged emails and did a meet and greet within 48 hrs. Rover.com handled the payment and was very professional and customer orientated. I will be using rover.com for my future dog boarding needs.
5	Dog boarding with Rover was awesome. Neail and Maria took care of Holly like she was their own. Thank you very much!!
5	Highly recommend rover.com for dog sitting instead of boarding!!  My dog was always so stressed out at the kennel, no matter how many of her toys and blankets we sent. But being able to stay in her own home with a 'friend' has been way better for her sanity!!  We have used it twice so far, with the same sitter, and this will be our go-to resource from now on.
5	Rover.com made it so easy to find the right person in our neighborhood to board our Westie, Zack, with.  We don't like leaving Zack in a kennel, and knowing he's with someone 24/7 and is not locked up most of the day makes us feel less guilty leaving him behind.  The process from start to finish is so easy.  We met with our sitter before hand to make sure both us, him and Zack were comfortable.  We receive pictures of Zack regularly along with messages from our sitter.  We would highly recommend Rover.com when you're looking for someone to board your dog with.
5	Rover.com was the best choice I've made for my dogs! I have two dogs that are 12 years different in age so they have very different needs! I have never kenneled them before and I didn't want to start. I have recently moved to Tempe and I needed someone to take care of my dogs while I traveled back to the East Coast. I turned to Rover.com for dog boarding and it was amazing! My dogs had a great time and they were well taken care of! My sitter, Cyndi even gave me daily updates with a photo! Perfect perfect perfect for a worrying doggy mom!!
5	We have a rescue dog so I don't want to kennel him when we go out of town because I'm afraid he may freak out and frankly I can't bear the look on his face when I leave him at the groomer for a couple of hours. Our regular sitter was unavailable so we were in a bind. I saw a groupon type deal for this site and decided to check it out. I'm glad that I did! I connected with a great sitter and it was a reasonable price. We were a little hesitant to have a stranger staying in our home but we arranged to have the sitter meet us before we went out of town. She was lovely.  I will definitely use service again if the need arises.
5	I couldn't be more pleased with the experience I had with Rover.com.  If you are looking for a quality pet-sitter, you should definitely try them.  I found a fantastic sitter less than a mile from my home.  It was my first experience being away from my dog for 2 weeks and I was crazy anxious about where I was going to leave her and concerned about her treatment and care.  I came across Rover.com and found a great sitter who had dogs of her own and a veterinary care background and she treated my dog like she was a member of the family.  My dog was happy and I was happy that I now had a reliable and trustworthy sitter for my dog.
5	Fantastic experience!  My fur babies had a wonderful stay and were very well cared for in the comfort of someone's home.  They still got to snuggle with loving people at nighttime and their daily schedule was maintained!  This is a great service.  My pet sitter is great and her daily photos made me feel very comfortable that my babies were well cared for.
