4	Fast service & food. They have quick daytime drive through staff. Have been coming here for about a year and a half. Sometimes the WiFi works, which is always nice, if you're inside. The free drink refills are good, as some places inside of casinos, charge the entire price for a refill. It is conveniently located across the street from Mandalay Bay and is frequented by people who work on the strip, so you know it's easy to deal with.
5	The best service & quality food in McDonald's Corporation!
2	Convenient. Hit this place up on our way outta town for the standard hang over breakfast faire.The lady at the drive through window gave us the stink eye and then yelled at us after she took off her headset for dumping about an ounce of water out of a cup we had in the cup holder from a few days before.Really lady? Got your panties all in a super twist over an ounce of water that evaporated off the hot black top. Get over it.
3	Last stop as I was leaving Las Vegas.  McDonalds is pretty much the same everywhere.
3	I walked in just to check how the restaurant appeared and the atmosphere was just not what one expects. So I just wanted a quick snack and I ordered the fruit salad.It comes prepackaged and consists of a sliced apple, a few grapes and 5-6 pieces of walnuts on the side and there is some chemical laced dressing.The product did not match the advertised pictures . I am going to try this again in LA and see if it comes with three grapes and a quarter of sliced apple with no greens. But I must add the price is less then 3 dollars and does fill you up. The dressing is called low fat yoghourt  but i could read some odd chemicals that I do not like.Any why this restaurant at the particular location is best to avoid.
1	Terrible service, inept workers and poor management. Bathroom was filthy as well. Manager did nothing after a worker screamed at my friend for no reason- completely uncalled for.  3 words: Don't come here.
3	Funny, Las Vegas has a few ChicDonald's haha! They have nice furnishings inside - unlike most McDonald's in Los Angeles. Does the food taste better? No, but I have heard that they tried to sell pizza at Vegas McDonald's.... Unsuccessfully of course, but still - very interesting!We were here very, very early in the morning and there was no one manning the registers but the manager was walking by checking them. She looked around when she saw us to see if she could get someone to at least greet us but there was no one so she had to do it herself haha! When one of her drones heard her greeting we finally got our order taken.The food was as "good" as at any McD's and they did not mess up our order.It was very early in the morning granted, but still, many tables were dirty - no excuses! It may be a ChicDonald's but it merits only three stars anyway.
2	Pretty typical of a McDonald's but the sign outside drew me in like a moth to a flame.
2	I work in the area so have eaten at this location numerous times.The location is right across from the Mandalay Bay.The staff at this location changes constantly. But no matter how often the staff changes you can always count on them being inept. If you have to eat here I'd suggest walking inside. The drive through is always a long wait.The food is typical McDonalds except for their french fries. At most McDonalds I love their fries...not at this place. They're always old and it taste as if they never change the oil in their fryer.  I've never had a good french fry at this place.If you're really craving McDonalds I'd suggest you try another one.
1	This is seriously the worst drive thru in las vegas. I live nearby and go here often, out of convenience. They forget everything and mess up even the simplest tasks. The other day, they gave me a burger without a burger in it. It was just a bun with onions and cheese. I brought it back and the guy doesn't even apologize, just throws me another one and laughs. I get that it's kind of a funny mistake, but these stoner kids working there don't give a shit that you had to drive all the way back to get a new one. The lady who takes orders on most days is a total b*tch, too. Everything she says just comes off as super aggressive and rude.
1	I can"t believe this is the first time in my life  I came to this  McDonalds. The coffee refill is limited to only one refill. I am very disappointed.  For what I paid for the coffee. I should go to Starbucks.
4	The cashier wearing the name tag Michaelangelo was an outstanding employee. I went in with the intention of buying a BigMac meal large size and the smallest size order of chicken nuggets. He SOLD me and said that the smallest mcnugget (4 piece) was approx 2.99 and that for a few more bucks I could get a 20 piece. Point taken and I got both the meal and 20 mcnuggets. The drink area was in a disarray but he went out of his way to make sure everything was back up to standards. (I was observing this while I was eating my food order). Overall great experience
1	I get that there can be miscommunication over the drive thru window but come on now.. We're ASKING a question, stop assuming we're ordering, especially when we preface our question with "I have a question."  We asked if they had the meal that comes with 2 mcmuffins. She put in an order for 2 sandwiches only.  We say no that's not what we want to order we want to know if you have the meal. She takes it off and adds milk instead. Frustrated, we just ordered two number 2s with orange juice.No apologies for the miscommunication she just gives a total and stops talking.  We had to wait til we got to her to find out of she got the order correct (no milk or any other random items).  All was fine but her attitude was not. we could not wait to move on to the next window.  But alas, the car in front was waiting for their order for forever!  We finally make it to the food window and I tell my bf to ask for ketchup.  Window opens  and lady serving us our bags was nice and at least days good morning.  But then she hands us our bag and our drinks and says no straws (for our orange juices) and closes the window.  We could barely say "ketchup please!"  Thank god she heard as the window was closing.  WTF store #22506.  McDonald's, this is UNSATISFACTORY.  No straws (and heard the cashier tell another customer that there were no frappes), bad attitude and horrible service! From all the reviews I've read for this location your management needs to step it up.  I know I will take my business elsewhere than this establishment.. Next time I'll just hit up Winchells next door.
1	This place is not the place you want to eat. I should have taken a picture of the dirty floor and flies that were surrounding the eating area inside. I will never go to this mc Donald's ever again!
1	Disgusting. Smelly. Dirty. Shady. Shall I keep going? But I needed a diet coke and every other establishment in Vegas has PEPSI.  The lid dispensers are beyond grimy and I had to walk out. This is the location across the Mandalay Bay.
1	Not every McDonald's is going to be up to standard but this one falls way short of even okay. I can honestly say this is probably the filthiest McDonald's I've ever eaten at. As you walk into this 24 hour establishment, it is filled with homeless people. Obviously it is totally acceptable for anyone to eat here but when half of them are sleeping on the tables then that's not sanitary. I was even skeptical eating there because the tables and floors are all dirty. The staff here when I ordered just seemed annoyed. I understand though. Who would be happy in an environment like that? Still, costumer service is always key.The worst moment of my visit was when I went to put ice in my drink, the metal part where the ice comes out shocked me! Of course there was no ice also. The metal piece was completely bent back and all wet. I'm sure they still haven't fixed it, so beware if you decide to come here. I decided to just fill up my cup without ice. As I finally sat down to eat, the bread was stale, fries were hard, and the soda was flat.I don't like to sound like I'm nagging or giving one star reviews but it's hard to write a review for this place without being brutally honest for the next person. I would honestly advise to go to the much cleaner and fresh Winchell's or Subway next-door.
1	Horrible service, extended wait time while workers converse, once two orders are taken the cashier disappeared for five minutes and ladies restroom is leaking water all over the floor. When notifying the manager the hazard was ignored.
3	Here super early, 4am. And the guy at the drive thru window was extra nice and made sure our coffee was perfect. Great to see someone who is so nice even at 4am
