2	We never see anyone eating here. We've eaten here a couple times (my kids like Pad Thai), and were always the only ones there. Food is below average.  It's a bit creepy being the only one's there at dinner time.
5	Life long resident of Madison, and Vientiane is hands down the best Thai you'll find in town. Their curry squash dish is absolutely amazing and their pad thai, as cliche a dish it may be, cannot be beat. Don't forget to try the Lao Noodle Kee Mow, it is an AMAZING noodle dish!  I'm a meat eater, but their tofu and the way they prepare it is a must try!There are 3 restaurants in town, but the one on Park St., while superior in atmosphere, lacks in recipe for some reason. The Gorham and Regent locations are amazing. Don't expect much for service from the Gorham location, but rather the best Thai you'll find in Madison.
3	I too was the only one on the restaurant,But then again... it was also 3:30pm on a weekday afternoon.I wanted Pho, saw something that looked similar on the menu and got it... Beef balls with sliced beef in noodle soup. Everything was good about it except the sliced beef, it wasn't Pho style.The food is also intended to be very spicy... I ordered mild, and it was pretty hot (and I have a pretty good palate for spicy food)!The noodle dishes are suppose to be superb, so I'll be back to try their Pad thai and Pad Lao!
5	I love this place!! Yes, it's small. The decor is a bit seedy. During the winter it's freezing. Suck it up or get carry out.On the plus side, service is great and fast! (mainly because when I go I'm the only person there) The lady behind the counter is there all the time and she's always welcoming.You don't go to Vientiane for the ambiance, you go for the food!! My favorite is the Pad Lao, it's like Pad Thai's spicy dirty cousin. I get three stars but I've heard that most people can't handle past two. I love to get my spicy fix and most Madison restaurants claiming spicy food tone in down for wimpy Wisconsinites. Vientiane does not.I am on my way there now!
5	I really don't think this place deserves the low ratings that it has gotten. I love the food! The ambiance is very much that  of a hole in the wall - but I really don't feel that it needs to aspire to be anything more than that. Perhaps it is a bit of nostalgia for the many restaurants that I ate at in China, which were of a similar vein, but I absolutely love it. While the staff will not go out of their way in the traditional western sense to constantly refill your glasses as soon as they are half empty, they are very kind and accommodating. My favorite dish here is the Singapore noodles at 3 or 4 stars (how spicy it is) though for most people, my girlfriend assures me that 2 stars is more than sufficient spiciness. I no longer live in Madison, as I was only there for school, but whenever I travel back up to the area, Vientiane is sure to be one of my stops!
3	Ordered take out from here. Picked up the Tom Ka, which was terrible. I'm not even sure it was Tom Ka. The rest of our food was pretty good (Tofu Pad Thai and Chicken Pad Lao).  The Pad Lao made me cry-- be careful on the spice.
1	Pho was mediocre at best, overpriced, and a small serving. I am not a crazy eater, but I was hungry at the end of my meal, which should never happen with pho.
5	This place is great. Fast service. Friendly staff. No issues with adding or removing ingredients from dishes. The squash curry is really good. Overall, Im a huge fan.
4	This place is better than the current rating on Yelp suggests (3 stars). Great Thai noodle dishes, solid squash curry - reasonable prices. Having been to Asia several times, I feel this place is pretty legit as to what I had over there. It's worth a try if you like Thai food.
4	For a while I thought I knew how to discern really great Thai food.  For a while I did at least I thought I did, that was until I tried Vientiane Palace!  This place is so good and just seems so authentic.  If you are looking for a fancy place with great decor and lots of personality then this is not the place for you.  If you are instead looking for great food and an at home feel then I encourage you to try this place.  Currently my favorite thing to get here is the squash curry.  You can get this as spicy as you want; I also opt for spicier.  It is served with as much rice as you can eat and is served by the nicest server you can ask for.The have a very vast menu.  I have also gotten their duck which is out of this world.  The man usually opts for some type of noodle dish.  We always start with the larb; beef or pork.  The larb is a ground pork or beef served with Thai spices and eaten with lettuce leaves  This is so good that we've actually tried our hand at making it at home, not nearly as delicious.  I love this place and always look forward to going back whenever we can.
3	Vientiane, the capital of Laos, is not in Thailand.  This is a Laotian restaurant, that does serve some Thai dishes.  I just want to point that out.  I would be surprised if a place called "Guadalajara," or "Tijuana," or "Montreal," served the best "American food in town," though I suppose it could be the case in Madison.  At any rate, this is a pretty good place for Lao food, which is admittedly similar to Vietnamese and Thai cuisine, but this place is authentic enough that you can taste the differences.  The atmosphere is somewhere between corner diner, cafeteria and hole-in-the-wall, but it is reasonably clean.  Our waitress was not Laotian, she was not Southeast Asian, she was in fact Clueless-American in terms of ethnicity, an odd and somewhat challenging choice, as she presented a bit of a barrier between my taste for authentic and the authentic kitchen.  Could not get the food spicy hot, could not get enough rice.  Asian customer here, I don't get enough rice, that costs a star.  Still, all in all, the food is good, the prices very reasonable, but the place wouldn't be able to compete in the Silver City neighborhood of Milwaukee.
4	4 stars for very good value. Reasonably priced, good home- style cooking. Unpretentious ambience, fairly quick, friendly service-- generally uncrowded.
5	Great food here, especially if you like spicy food of this ethnic variety.  One of the most underrated restaurants in central Madison.  We ate there recently and were the only customers.  It was like being served a private meal.  More people need to discover this place.
