4	I am impressed with Dick's size.  They are very big.  I really love Dick's.  From the hawt butch that greets me at the door, to all the young, athletic-looking Dick's working around the store, they all seem to be quite knowledgeable about their Dick's.   I quite enjoy going to Dick's.
2	While Dick's is a large store, the employees do not seem interested in helping customers. My wife and I were there for over an hour and no one ever asked if we needed anything. The only time an employee could be found was when we pushed the button to get into a fitting room. Even then, they just opened the door and walked away. They never asked if we needed help. Then when checking out, the cashier was so unfriendly, it was frustrating. Two stars only because of they had what we were looking for. Service rates a zero!!!
2	I wanted to try on a pair of shorts, so I walked around until I found the fitting room.  A little red sign says "push" for service.  Loving to push buttons I felt compelled by the power of Christ to oblige.  I waited for a while, and no one came.  So I pushed the button again.  As I stood just outside the fitting room door I decided to give the handle a nudge and lo and behold it opened.  By the time I was done trying on the shorts I came out of the fitting room and noticed that the button had stopped flashing, so I pushed it again because clearly it was just one of those dummy buttons where you push it and nothing really happens.  Onto the basketballs, I grabbed myself a standard Wilson B-ball and headed to the check out nearest the mall entrance.  Mr Hunkasuarus Rex was manning the check out, and while he was easy on the eyes his apparent lack of brain power did not cater well to my impatience.  He was waiting on some woman with a rugrat who had confounded him into a drooling stupor with her super mom multitasking abilities, all whilst the rugrat beat the counter with a cheese head hat.  I gave up and decided to try a different register near the exit to the outside.  There was a long line there.  The Dicks were out in full force here today.  This cashier looks up in mid-transaction and says "does anyone need to make a purchase?"  To which the dude in front of me holds up his merchandise confusedly.  Just what the hell are we doing in this line of hurry up and wait???  Dick must have not wanted to wait on me specifically because a few moments later he looked me in the eye and said "there are other registers open that have no wait."  To which I said "I ain't leaving buddy."  Secretly I knew that hunkasaurus Rex on the other side of the store was still tapping a Dick club card on his forehead waiting for an epiphany.  Part of their problem is that they have to try and sell you an insurance plan with every piece of equipment you buy, along with trying to get you to sign up for a club card so you too can be a Dick.  By the time I got through with my purchase it suddenly dawned on him to call for help.  He speaks into his mic head set "can I get some help up here?   The line is pretty long."  To which I turn to see about 20 other highly annoyed faces waiting in line.I used to really like going here to see Dicks.  But their customer service has fallen below the acceptable level.  No one is on the floor to help you, yet they have cashiers who try to up sell the hell out of you.   What a bunch of dicks.
3	I tagged along with my husband on his quest to buy ammunition (not as charming as it sounds) to this place when they were having their hugely hyped tent sale. I'm a curious sort, so I wandered out to the tent. Yikes, what a waste of canvas and my time. If those are clearance prices then I'm Queen of the Nile. The employee who helped with the ammunition (inside, that stuff does not go on sale) was courteous, and we didn't have to wait very long for him (it's one of those 'press the button and wait' deals). In fact, he soft of jogged over, which I appreciated. I don't love the set-up at the registers. You stand on the side by the counter until it's time to swipe your credit card and sign the screen, then you walk around to the front of the register. It's not painful or anything, but it feels very awkward, and the young man working the register was not especially charming (but better than the person at the register the last time I was there, she was a unhappy camper). I don't need people to befriend me, but I like it when they aren't actively bored and/or wishing for death.
