4	I recently relocated from to Charlotte from Chicago and needed to purchase a vehicle.  I went to Scott Clark Nissan and was extremely pleased with my experience and my new car.  Wendy White was the sales person I dealt with and she took the time to understand my needs and wants while considering the various finance options available.  We spent time test driving several different cars until I settled on what was the right vehicle for me.  There was a significant amount of time between when I purchased the car and when I took possession due to my relocation.  Wendy made sure that everything was in order and was good to go when I arrived to pick up my car.  She regularly followed up with me to keep me posted on insurance, registration, etc.  When I notice a very minor issue with the car she responded immediately to help me get this item fixed.  If you're in the market for a car, I would strongly suggest you check out Scott Clark Nissan and ask for Wendy.
1	Let me begin by telling you I was recently in the market for a 2014 Nissan Pathfinder. I had done all my research, and knew what trim level, color and options I wanted. I talked to someone named Cruz at your dealership a few months back, and he was really helpful. I wasn't ready at that point and he followed up and I still wasn't ready. When I became ready, I decided to stop by this dealership for the first time around noon on Saturday, March 21st 2014. That's where I had one of the most unpleasant experiences of any dealership visit that I've ever had.I had never met Cruz, so when I went in, I had no idea who he was.  I went in through a side door, so I did not immediately see the receptionist. I walked around the dealership, aimlessly, for at least 5 minutes. No one said anything to me. I saw someone and decided to ask if there was a Cruz working, and he replied yes and did not seek to point him out. I finally found the receptionist (Daylin), and she seemed not very friendly and into her phone. She did page Cruz, and I began to wait. 10 minutes later, I asked for him again, and that's when Jacques Deadwiley came over and asked if I was being helped. I told him I was waiting on Cruz, and he attempted to call him on his cellphone. He walked outside and came back in and told me he was with another client, and that he himself would help me.We went to a desk, and I told him I only had 30 minutes today, and he said cool. I told him what I was looking for, and he brought in a salesman who took over. He was very nice and began taking my info. Again, I told them I had 30 minutes and had to be somewhere. I had Jacques card, so I planned on calling back after he had my info and I could see what kind of deal he was going to offer. After being there about 45 minutes, I walked over to the glass booth and told them I was leaving, but I would call back in a few. That's where the real problem began.Dawud Muhammad, who I had not spoken to and only know his name based on your website, aggressively threw his hands up and said "I thought you wanted to buy a car!" in a condescending tone. I replied "And this is supposed to entice me?", referring to his tone and approach. I then walked out to my car. Dawud followed, and as I got in my car and attempted to close the door, he was holding onto my door. I can't really remember all that he was saying, because at this point I was insulted and ready to go. The salesman came out and I told him that I felt Dawud was an a**hole and I asked for the salesman's card. He said he didn't have any on him. After another brief exchange with Dawud, I drove off.I called Jacques back in 10 minutes, and he asked me why I left. I told him, just as I had originally told him, I had to be somewhere. He replied "I thought you wanted to buy a car? I had the deal worked out and then you walked off". I advised that I did and that was why I was calling back. I asked what the deal was. He said he had thrown the numbers away since I left and had to start over. At that time I told him that I felt like he was playing games, and to forget it. He angrily hung the phone up.This by far is the worst I have ever been treated by a car dealership. Nissan dealerships in this area and I have never had such a horrible experience.  I have worked in sales before, so I can honestly appreciate an aggressive sales approach. This was over the limit though. You can't talk to and treat people in this manner and expect them to patronize your business. I felt insulted and I think they tried to shame and belittle me in an attempt to push me into continuing to stay there and wait forever. This experience sucked on every level.S/N: I purchased the car I was looking for at East Charlotte Nissan a few hours after this experience.
1	Bait and switch and falsifying information over the phone is not the proper way to get the customer in the door. We wasted our time listening to their lies and reading their false advertisements and driving to see a vehicle that they never had on the lot. I am writing this review to urge others not to waste their time with Scott Clark. Scott Clark advertised a vehicle for sale on their website and on Autotrader.com. I called to verify information from the posting because there were only five low quality photos posted. My husband also called to verify the information and that the vehicle was still available. We both called numerous times on different days. We received the same information three times, "the vehicle is here, come take a look".  We decided to make the hour drive to test drive it. When we arrived the vehicle was not there. They told us it was a trade in deal that fell through and that the car was never actually on the lot. Scott Clark advertised the vehicle on multiple sites and verified on the phone that they had that specific car when they never should have advertised a car they didn't have on the lotDo not waste your time at Scott Clark Nissan. They will lie to you repeatedly. They will advertise vehicles that they do not have to get you in the door. Scott Clark is a bait and switch dealership with poor business ethics. I will never do business with any Scott Clark dealership and I will tell everyone I know all about my horrible experience with Scott Clark.
1	Everytime I  go into this dealership I waste about 3 hours of my  life and the staff has NO EMPATHY.. And for simple stuff (i.e oil change, car wash, etc). I cannot believe how horrible and dis-organized they are. I originally bought my Nissan in NY,  unfortunately I live in Charlotte and have to deal with Scott Clark Nissan.  I will NEVER, NEVER give this dealer ship my business. You would think if you drive a $30,000 car they would want to keep you around for future business, but they make you feel as if you are disposable.  Love the car, just hate this dealership! And for those of you who think I am one of those people who just write when I  am unhappy, for every unhappy experience, I write a happy experience/,.
1	We purchased a 2012 Nissan Maxima from this dealership in January 2014 with approximately 31,500 miles on it.  It now has 36,350 and the air conditioning has gone out.   We purchased an extended warranty from the dealership,  it was a third party warranty,  and was told it would cover all mechanical issues.  We were also told we will have the ability to use any Ave certified mechanic.  When I called the warranty company today,  they told me my warranty was only power train and the air is not covered.  When I contacted Scott Clark Nissan, I was told there is nothing they can do and referred me to 1-800-NISSAN-1.  I felt they lied to me in order to get me to spend money on the warranty.  It is also frustrating to call them and to be told they will not help me,  will not give me contact information for the ownership group, and that their answer is to have me call Nissan. Deceitful sales practices in my opinion and I will not recommend this place to anyone looking for a car or looking for a Nissan repair center.
1	UPDATE... after several days of additional calls and posts,  my complaint made it to the management team at Scott Clark Nissan who then researched and resolved both my A/C and their paperwork error within 8 hours.   Still frustrated by the experience but and glad they owned up to the mistake and eventually resolved it.
1	WORST sales experience EVER!! Asked for down payment without showing a car to be excited about. Pushy for credit app. When i finally got to see inventory they hit me with 5500 on my trade when my trade is clearly worth 8900 via auction and retails for 12-13k easily!! CROOKS! They lowball on your trade and only knock off a few bucks from their "platinum" cars. If you get a good deal at this place, keep looking cause i assure you someone will make an even better deal for you! CROOKS!!! Youve been warned... Too bad i couldnt give them 0 stars!! Awful!!!
