4	Lilly's Thai & Vietnamese Restaurant is one of the latest Asian restaurant to open its doors to the public in Las Vegas.  It features an ambitiously large menu that serves Thai, Vietnamese, as well as, Chinese cuisines.  It is a family run restaurant lead by a chef that worked for many years on the Strip. Chef Sonny's specialties are seafood, and the food served here are made to order with fresh ingredients.The Thai menu items dominates a large portion of the restaurant's menu, which consists of Appetizers, Salads, Rice Noodle & Fried Rice, Thai Curries, Ducks, and Seafood.  Chef Sonny's specializes in seafood, so the Chef's Specials also offers many of his seafood specials.  Price range from $4.95 to $20.95, with many around $10.The Vietnamese menu covers the typical Vietnamese appetizers (my favorite is Cha Gio aka Authentic Vietnamese Egg Rolls), Pho, Bun (Vermicelli Noodle), and Rice Plates.  Price range from $3.95 to $8.95.And the Chinese portion of the menu consists mainly of stir-fry items, many costing around $8-9.The restaurant has only been open since the beginning of September, but it is still relatively unknown to the public. Although the repeat lunch take-out orders from the auto dealerships across the street indicates that they on their way to establishing a loyal customer base.Service is good and attentive.  The food I have ordered thus far have been good to excellent. And the chef is open to any feedback that customers are willing to share to improve on the overall dining experience.  Good signs!4 stars!
5	This place is great had the combo pho won't even try to write it great flavors nice amount of meat but not much tendon which is my favorite part. Also had some calamari and fried perfection is what they gave me.  Also had a little bit of a spicy pickled cucumber with that was great.  I'm going back sometime soon and getting one of their daily specials they had about 7 listed on a Monday so I'm interested in what they will have on a weekend.
3	I like small businesses like this. There prices are reasonable and the staff is very courteous. The food is also decent. I have to admit, the location kinda sucks because it is hidden by buildings. My wife doesnt like pad thai but she actually enjoyed theirs. So that should say alot about this restaurant.
5	Yum! I'm so glad there is a decent Pho restaurant that isn't on Spring Mountain! Their Pho is excellent and same with their Summer Rolls. Everything was very fresh. The waitress was very attentive which is a plus. I will come back next time to try their Thai food.
5	Great food, great prices, great workers.  From the first time you get in there they greet you with open arms like your family. They always made sure everything was ok with my meal and even ask if there is anything that needs to be changed.  What restaurant would ask you that?!?!  After my meal even the chef came out to see if everything was ok. I really appreciate that from all of the staff.  A great experience and would really recommend this place to anyone.  A must try!!!
5	We came here twice for dinner during our weeklong trip to Vegas over Thanksgiving.  Both times we were the only table.  Kind of weird at first but after you realize you have the undivided attention of Tippy the waitress and the food is fresh and well-made, it's not that big of a deal that you're the only ones in the restaurant.This place recently opened in Sept so it's still new to the locals.  I'm not a local but I found them through restaurant.com.  Used my certificate the first night but the second night, got a 15% discount.First, thai tea is not $3.95, but $2.95.  Still expensive but it's really concentrated and in a big glass that you can actually mix w/ water and get at least 2 glasses out of it.  We like ours not too sweet so we were able share it w/ 3 ppl. Here's a list of some of our favorites:-Pho (the first one, can't remember name but this was delicious.)-Fried Snapper with Basil sauce (fish was fresh)-Panang curry with beef-Fried Banana with Mango Ice Cream (YUM)This place is situated across a Mercedes-Benz car lot on Sahara.  It isn't the most ideal location, so I hope they do more advertising to get more patrons.  I wish them the best and will definitely return in the near future when I'm in Vegas again.
2	The service at Lilly's is really good.  Tippy was our waitress, and she really does try her best.  However, the food was just a-ok.  Nothing special or worth remembering from this place.  I've been to many Thai restaurants in Vegas, and Lilly's would probably rank as one of the lowest in terms of how good the food is.  Pin Kaow, Archis and Komol are far by superior - by a long shot.  The panang was so-so, and the pad see ew was ok at best.  They didn't ask what level of heat you preferred on any of their dishes which is strange for a thai restaurant.  We ordered the Lilly's appetizer sampler, and it was $14.95 for 3 pieces of calamari (teeny tiny pieces), two whole egg rolls cut in half, two pieces of fried shrimp and 3 little dumplings about the size of a quarter.  The amount of food and the quality of the food you get compared to what you're spending is not worth it.
4	New restaurant, the food was not bad.  There was no one there but our table when we went, I believe that is because they are located in a business district and most customers come in for weekday lunch (we went for dinner).  Our server is nicer and more attentive than most other servers I've had.  Just for the friendly service I would recommend people giving this place a try, plus the food is pretty decent.
1	He says..We came here with high expectations after reading some of the reviews here. Ordered the Tom Kai gai, viet spring rolls, the pad Thai, pho bo, and panang curry chicken between the 2 of us. After tasting them all, I've concluded that this is the worst Thai/Viet restaurant I have yet to try in the entire Las Vegas area. The pho was absolutely tasteless, almost like water and noodles, and even with some hoisin sauce it just tasted like water with noodles with hoisin sauce. The curry looked like it came out of a fast food place, the carrots and chicken were so horribly cut they look like they were made by a 5 year old, and the sauce was way too salty. The Tom Kai gai was too creamy, it was literally like coconut cream with some chicken in it. Maybe I've gone to Lotus of Siam too recently to have my tastes spoiled, but after trying 5 dishes I can safely say that I don't know what every other review says is right, perhaps it's even contrived.She says... Coming from a Vietnamese gal, I really have to say the broth of the Pho was extremely tasteless. I never seen a restaurant who did not bring out the hoisin and hot sauce when serving Pho. I had to ask the servers for it and after having the sauces for 5 minutes, the servers took it back as if they only had one set. I understand that there might be a possibility that the chef forgot  to add the flavors but we did not receive an apology after telling the server about the Pho. Pad Thai was the best out of all we ordered I have to say. Panang curry was wayyyy to salty. Even with the white rice didn't help hide the saltiness. Servers was very attentive, too much I say, but maybe because we were the only table there at 7:30pm on a Sunday night. I'm usually not to critical when it comes to food but I could not say anything for this restuarant. I give them a solid 2/5.
4	Thai and Vietnamese offerings?  Upon looking at the menu, I was instantly impressed.What we ordered:Lychee Drink - Yummy.. actual pieces of Lychee.  Mmmm.Thai Coffee-  Very good here.  I recommend it.Vietnamese Spring Rolls- Nothing fancy hereCalamari- Very good, it tasted very fresh.Beef Panang Curry-  We always order this when we do Thai.  We were not impressed.Chicken Pad Thai-  Pretty good.  We nearly finished it.Deep Fried Banana w/ Coconut Ice Cream-  Had strawberries in it.  I liked it, but I don't think I'd order it again...  It was really good, just very sweet!Pros:  * There is an extensive menu that is separated Thai & Vietnamese ( I liked the layout)  *  Lunch specials available.  Decently priced.   *  Lychee Drink.  Yes this is a plus!  I love Lychee!!  *  Good sized portions  * Attentive server.    *  I loved the Thai Coffee here. Cons:  *  I noticed there were spring rolls on the Vietnamese menu, but the server pointed out the spring rolls on the Thai side of the menu.  He insisted I order that instead... if I'm not mistaken, it was a dollar more?  I just found that a bit confusing. *  The beverages were a bit over-priced.  Nearly $3 each for Thai Coffee and Lychee. * Panang Curry.  We were not impressed.  In Lilly's defense, the veggie cuts in the Panang Curry were larger than usual and did have a more fresh taste.  It's just that it was not as flavorful when in comparison to other places where we had this dish.Tips:  *  Make sure to eat your Calamari while its still hot.  It doesn't taste as great after it gets to room temperature (I've never had this problem when ordering Calamari elsewhere).  Also if you want a lemon wedge with your Calamari, you'll have to ask for it.  *  The dessert was big enough for 2 to share.    *  I know some Thai restaurants use a 1-10 scale for level of heat, but at Lilly's they just ask if like it mild, medium, or hot.  Just a heads up.  Overall,  I plan on coming back.  I liked nearly everything we ordered and I'm anxious to try out the rest of the restaurant's offerings (maybe next time, I'll focus more on the Vietnamese side of the menu).  A place where you can order both Pho and Pad Thai... I'm a fan!
4	I came here with Don, armed with a Restaurant.Com certificate. When we walked in, we were pretty much given a warm welcome by everyone and seated at a nice table by the window. The waiter gave us both the regular menu and the lunch special menu and asked us if we had any coupons. We debated on whether we were going to get lunch specials or use the certificate, but since they already took it we figured we might as well. The menu had a VERY large selection with one side being Thai and the other being Vietnamese. Since we originally came here for Thai food, we decided to stick with our plan. We ordered Calamari, Beef Pad Thai, Chicken Panang, Lychee drink, Thai Coffee, and the Fried banana with ice cream dessert. The drinks came first and we were both in love. The Thai Coffee I got was was light and tasty. Sometimes i get Thai Coffee or Tea and it's just waay too sweet or concentrated. This one was made perfectly. The Lychee drink, however, was the star of the whole meal. It was SOO delicious! It tasted just like the Lychee Jelly cups I used to eat when I was a kid. Don really had to try hard not to drink it all at once. They brought out the Calamari first. It didn't really strike me as calamari at first sight/taste. It was extremely crunchy and fried, but I really enjoy crunchy food. I actually tasted the batter a lot more than the Calamari itself. It was served with a little cucumber/peanut salad and sweet/sour sauce. We left a few pieces and ended up eating them during our meal, but by then they were kind of cold and a little soggy and the flavor just wasn't good, so I suggest you don't let it sit for a while. The Panang Curry wasn't as flavorful as what I'm used to; it had a more subtle taste, but it was okay. The Pad Thai was very good though. The noodles and meat were both perfectly cooked. After eating our entrees, we decided to try their Fried Banana and Ice Cream (coconut). The presentation was very nice (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/wWrB4eU6MmK4J9I_8vzOPQ/l.jpg). The banana pieces were so small, especially since they were all surrounded in wrapping, but they still went very well with the coconut ice cream, which was very fresh (not icy at all). Overall, we definitely plan on coming back here. Next time, we'll be trying items from their Vietnamese menu!Tips:-You MUST try their Lychee drink!!-Get a Restaurant.Com certificate for more savings-If you order Calamari, don't let it sit for more than 5 minutes-Lunch specials!
5	I've been to this restaurant a couple of times and every time was a nice dining experience.I found this restaurant on yelp while looking for a Thai restaurant. Lilly's is actually a Vietnamese/Thai fusion restaurant. Their menu is extensive, half is Vietnamese and the other half is Thai. There are a few Chinese dishes as well.I decided to give it a try as it was the closest Thai restaurant to our home. We have had Pad Thai, Pad See Ew, Chicken Fried Rice, Com Bi Cha (Shredded Pork Skin with Pork Loaf and Rice). Everything was really YUMMY! The server was very attentive to make sure we got everything we wanted. The portion is BIG and filling. Their lunch specials run from 11AM till 3PM daily except Sunday, I think some dishes (like pad thai, sweet and sour chicken, curry dishes, garlic chicken, etc) are $2-$3 off the regular prices.Lilly's got a lot of seafood specials like stuffed lobster, crab, scallops, etc. We haven't ordered any of their specials but I am tempted to try the stuffed lobster one of these days. I love seafood!I noticed this place is sort of slow. Every time we were there, besides us, there was usually one or two more tables. I asked the server how come, she said it's a new restaurant and maybe in this recession, people don't eat out as much anymore. But hey, better service for us!I personally thought another reason is the location. It was kind of hidden. Also, most people might just go to Chinatown on Spring Mountain for Asian food, not so many would realize there is a hidden germ on Sahara.The chef is actually from Aria hotel and casino. I was surprised when I saw how nice the food was presented. You don't see that too often at the restaurants in Chinatown. The presentation was so nice, you thought you were at a really upscale place!I really hope the restaurant will get more patrons as the food is good and the place is very clean and sweet.We will definitely come back to support Lilly's!
3	We saw Lilly's on restaurant.com, so we got a certificate and another couple to join us, and off we went.I was put off a bit by the exterior - "Vietnamese and Thai Restaurant" in hand-painted letters made it look like a take-out joint.  Inside it was rather plain, too well-lit, and lacked much atmosphere, but didn't look like a take-out place.  The menu was huge, and it was hard to decide what to order:  Thai? Vietnamese? Chinese?  Our friend is Vietnamese, so she helped us choose which Pho to order.  The Pho was absolutely delicious!We also asked for two orders of the Vietnamese Spring Rolls, and she even repeated the Vietnamese name.  But when the first of the two orders came out, it was the fried roll, not the healthier unfried one our friend specified.  Our waitress seemed flustered, didn't speak English very well, and apparently was Thai, and not Vietnamese.  She also didn't seem to have very much experience.The other hubby ordered the Calamari and he liked it;  I tasted it and it was way too greasy for me.Our Asian friend had a dish with pork rinds and rice, and when it was served, she was dismayed by the tiny portion of pork;  she said that at other places, there's usually a big mound of it.  Here, she had to do extensive digging before she could even find it.We also got two orders of Pad Thai, one with shrimp, the other with chicken.  Wee all found it too sweet, and I thought it was unsufferably sweet.Other than the Pho, there is nothing compelling about the food here, and the service didn't make up for it.  If it weren't for the Pho, I'd be giving Lilly's two stars.  But I guess I'm in the minority, since other reviewers seem to disagree with me.  I guess that's what makes horse races.
3	I had lunch here, ordered the calamari salad and tea.  The calamari was really good.  The salad veggies tasted fresh.  And I really liked the nuts in it, it gave it a nice crunchy mix.  The dressing was very good, but I thought there was a little too much of it on the salad.    It left a bit of an aftertaste.   I did like the fact that I could hear in the kitchen as they were making the salad, hearing everything being chopped up and mixed - fresh and homemade.  For some reason, I didn't care for the tea.  Perhaps it wasn't hot enough.  The service I thought was OK, not great, but not bad either.   Functional, but lacking the "warm and friendly" factor I think is so important for these types of places.  Also I think the physical presentation factor of the place could be improved.  It looks "hit-or-miss" from the outside, and if it weren't for the good yelp reviews, I doubt I would have given it a shot.  Inside, I think there are probably small things they can do to help increase the atmosphere factor.  Right now it lacks something.That said, I think this place has potential.  With a little more attention to detail, it has 4 or 5 star potential.
2	Had to try it once, but won't go back again!Stopped in on a Friday afternoon for a quick lunch midday.  There was another table seated before us, and several other patrons came in after us.Our orders were simple, Iced Tea, Soda, Tom Ka Soup for both, and chicken & broccoli for both (luncheon menu)The soda was canned (not the end of the world, but a great indication that you wont get free refills), the iced tea was good.We were promptly served our spring rolls also quite good, hot and fresh. The soup came out, piping hot and quite tasty.  There was a certain 'funk' about the mushrooms that we couldn't pinpoint, but it was good, nonetheless.Then came the entree.  A very simply chicken & broccoli (which, after a quick glance around appeared to be ordered by multiple people).  I could smell the odor of (raw) fish steaming from my dish.  I took a couple of bites and was completely overthrown  by the stench and overpowering taste of fish (my guess is it was from the fish sauce).The wait staff didn't speak enough English to try to send it back or negotiate another dish.  We didn't eat any of it, settled the check and had to leave we were so disgusted by the smell and taste.  Sadly, we wont be returning to this establishment.
5	I ate here twice, both times with friends. It's not easy to find if you're not looking for it, which is too bad, because the food is great. Both times, everyone loved everything we ordered.I can't remember all the dishes we had, but I do remember the Orange Chicken, Lemon Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Cucumber Salad, Chicken Satay, Thai Tea, Sticky Rice & Mango and the shrimp and vegetable rolls that are wrapped in a see-through rice thing that is not fried. Also ordered, were a few other Thai dishes (chicken & beef) and some Vietnamese dishes.The service was good, and the food was fresh, tasty and priced well. The six of us all agreed that Lilly's would be added to our regular dine-out options. The second time we were there, we were shown an insert to the menu, which is already quite large, offering Steak, Lobster and some other pricey dishes ($25.95 - $29.95). None of us tried anything from the insert.
1	I am not one who is stingy with my stars, but I am willing to give this place 1 star due to the fact that at least the food was edible (we did not get food poisoning) and the servers were nice enough even if there was a language barrier. We decided to try this place out coz there was a $50 gift cert deal from restaurants.com (must order $100 worth of food,there was 6 of us) and after reading yelp reviews from others(I should've listened to the negative ones, I AM open minded about reviews though, and I figured that the reason behind the negative reviews was because they were not Asian and they were just not used to Asian food, coz most of the reviews  from asians said good things about the place, WELL I AM ASIAN and here is MAI review.) I really don't want to be a hater, but the dining public has to be WARNED. the whole dining experience to SUM it all up was DISAPPOINTING & the food was UNSAVORY, MSG filled and OVERPRICED. I went on an MSG induced coma after that dinner. Now i am going to give you our orders by the $$$  $9 minced pork lettuce wrap (way too salty with frozen veggies), $11fried calamari (very greasy and it was mostly batter little squid), $4 Vietnamese fried spring rolls (2 pcs of mediocre egg rolls) $9BBQ pork(bland no flavor, it wasn't what I wanted anyways, I asked the waitress if they were on skewers and she said yes and they weren't) $9 grilled pork meatball(5 tiny pieces with lettuce and limp noodles, mediocre at best) THATs just appetizers! For entrees we had $8 Pho Dac Biet (contrary to other reviews it was not good. The soup did not taste like real beef broth at all) $10 lemon grass steak (small pieces of beef with tons of  overcooked veggies, green onions mostly, I did not see nor taste any lemon grass, too salty) $9 Singapore noodles (again wrong info from waitress, seems like she just answers yes to every question asked...hmmm) honestly I really did not understand the flavor of this dish, it was not good too. $19 sea bass with ginger sauce, the sauce was good, but the fish was not fresh, it was flaky & dry. $5 Tom yum gai soup bowl (supposed to be with shrimp instead of chicken, but language barrier once again) it was ok, nothing special, the chicken had a stench to it, my nose is really sensitive to that kind of stuff.) DRINKS $3 lychee juice(ok), $3 Thai lemonade (too sweet) DESSERT $6 mango with sticky rice (mangoes were sour, sticky rice & coconut sauce ok) Which leads us to a GRAND total of $153 including 18% gratuity & tax, less $50 gift cert we paid $103 out of pocket, divided between 5 adults, it was $20/person. Now don't get me wrong am not whining about the price nor did I say that the servers where rude, I just thought it was a huge RIP OFF and for the %18 tip we had to leave the service was at best mediocre (they should provide an interpreter) Needless to say I learned my lesson, sometimes what you think is a good DEAL might turn out to be a RIP OFF. Needless to say we are DEFINITELY NOT COMING BACK HERE & I HIGHLY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Yelpers HEED my WARNING, am not giving this review because I was bitter, I just felt it my duty to inform the public. Thanks for reading.
1	This went down the toilet, there food is getting smaller and the quality has definitely decreased since i have been here. I dont know why yelp takes my posts off but i hope people will read the ratings of 1 star because they are telling the truth. If you want to go try it, be my guest but you will regret it. They use to have an awesome waitress but she left to go back home. Now they have people that dont speak english.
1	This was the worst Thai Food that I have ever had in my life. My boyfriend ordered Pad See Ew and it was full of tiny pieces of broken, overcooked noodles, (seriously....the longest noodle that we could find was about an inch long) TONS of grease, a few dried up pieces of chicken and what seemed like an entire bulb of raw garlic, roughly chopped into huge chunks. To add insult to injury, it was served lukewarm, which is a miracle in itself, seeing as how we were the only people in the restaurant and we sat there and watched the cook hand the food to the server.I ordered the Pad Prik King, my favorite dish, but what I received was definitely NOT Pad Prik King! Pad Prik King is an extremely flavorful and pungent dish that contains green beans, meat, fish sauce, basil, red curry paste and kaffir lime leaves. The sauce is always bright orange in color.NONE of these things were in the meal that they served me....not even the green beans! I asked the server to make sure that this was, indeed, Pad Prik King, and she said that it was. But what was in front of me was a plate of mixed vegetables with greyish colored rubbery mystery meat served in a flavorless brown gravy---like the kind you would buy in a jar to put on mashed potatoes--- filled with huge chunks of the aforementioned rough chopped raw garlic. No fish sauce, no kaffir lime leaves, no fresh basil....nothing but meat and veggies in a brown, garlicky paste. And mine, too, was served lukewarm.Ugh!!!
1	This restaurant is kinda hidden. I only knew about it through Groupon. Lighting was a bit dark and there's no lights in the back by the restroom! Also, I'm not sure if its normally this way, but their AC was probably broken. It felt like we were eating in a sauna. There was only one guy working and he sat us down and didn't come back until 15-20 minutes later to take our order. We ordered Vietnamese eggrolls which were pretty good. However, their Thai dishes were horrible. We ordered Phad Thai and it had no taste as well as the Garlic Chicken and Yellow Curry. I would probably give this restaurant another try with Vietnamese dishes.
1	I specified no sauce on stir fry vegetables they were sopping.  I specified with a call back after order extra hot mustard no mustard in delivery the soggy vegetables were swimming in the plastic take out bag I called the owner he couldn't have cared less hate this place!!!
4	We stopped in to try this restaurant after driving by several times and reading some Yelp reviews.  I also had a Groupon I wanted to use.We ordered Chinese style egg rolls.  They were quite good, served very hot such that we had to let them sit for quite awhile to prevent mouth burn.For main courses, my wife ordered their garlic stir fry with chicken.  It was just the way she likes it, lots of garlic and a good amount of chicken with some vegetables.  I ordered the soft shell crab in garlic curry sauce.  They didn't ask me about a spiciness level and I didn't specify one.  It was a mild curry, but it was very good.  The crab was on top of asparagus and some yellow squash and zucchini.  The presentation of both dishes was very good.For dessert, I tried the custard-Thai style.  It's more like a piece of bread pudding.  It was very flavorful and quite enjoyable.  My wife got some green tea ice cream.We enjoyed our meal a lot!  The place is small--the sign says Maximum Occupancy 49.  Our server was very efficient.  There was a small language barrier but we overcame that with numbers and by pointing.After the meal, he asked two things--how was the food?  Did we think it was priced fairly?  It's as if they are trying to find pricing that gets business but doesn't break their bank.  I did find the question quite odd.We will be back.  I have to try some of the Vietnamese dishes.  And when my wife asks, "Are you going to write about this restaurant on the computer?" (Is the pope Catholic?), you know she enjoyed her meal a lot!
5	This is a great Thai place. They make Kung pao tofu and serve it with brown rice for me! I highly recommend it! Tell them Danny @ Remax sent you!".........Danny Lambert, resident of Las Vegas since the 60's
3	I came in in the middle of a weekday right after a doctor's appointment so it was not busy at all... I mean there was no one there. No biggie. Since i was the only one there the service was wonderful. The female sever was really attentive and checked on me from time to time. Being a Thai and Vietnamese restaurant, I wanted to try something from each cuisine. The food was just ok, oohing that I would come back for. I think it's great that they have two cuisines but they need to concentrate on one and get that right instead.
2	We went here for lunch and the place was empty the whole time.  We were the only customers and it was prime lunch time.  They have a pretty good size restaurant.  The noodle bowl was pretty good, but another item we ordered was pork and rice.  There were just five small pieces of pork in a big plate of rice.  I've ordered this dish at other Vietnamese restaurants and had like ten times more pork (sometimes proportionately more than I have rice!).  The service was ok, but it seems there was only the cook and one server, who ran out a couple of times for deliveries.
2	I've been here twice & probably won't ever go back. On the first occasion I sampled their Thai food. The chicken larb had no flavor and the pad see ewe was over cooked. Both dishes came in such a small portion. The second time we came at 9pm and the restaurant appeared close. Which is weird since the sign said they were open till 10. The server reluctantly let us in. My chicken pho had the tiniest sad looking little shreds of chicken. The Chinese broccoli was dry and our chicken/rice dish looked unappealing. The servers were nice and they have a nice beer collection but the food is not good.
3	Lilly's Thai & Vietnamese is a nice little Thai restaurant tucked away in a small shopping center.  The atmosphere is nice and laid back with plenty of space.  They serve wine and beer.    Overall my experience here was pleasant, mostly due to our server.  However, I have mixed feelings about the Thai food here.  Let's get started.A friend and I ordered the Sam Rot with chicken ($9.95), the red duck curry ($16.95), and the Lilly's chicken wings appetizer ($6.95).  I have had Sam Rot before, so my opinion probably isn't well educated here, but it seemed like a sweet dish.  It was lightly fried and served with a sweet slightly sour and savory sauce.  It was well prepared, no grease, and had a nice light (although sweet) flavor.  Interesting, but not overly impressive.  The Lilly's chicken wings were well done as well, but again lightly sweet.  The style seemed slightly Chinese.  They were good though so no complaints.  The duck curry is where I had a little disappointment.  The serving at first seemed large enough, but upon further examination there was very little duck for the price.  A well known Thai restaurant nearby has three times the amount of duck for nearly the same price.  The duck itself was tender and not gristly.  It was well prepared.  The curry was very light on this dish, and used more like a sauce.  It had a good flavor but was a little bit too sweet.  The cooked veggies were good but nothing to rave about.  Overall this is a decent Thai restaurant.  Would I return?  Well the menu is large, but the food seems a little too sweet for my Thai tastes.  I would like to explore some of the other menu items though.
4	It has been awhile since my last review of Lilly's Thai & Vietnamese Restaurant.  So I dropped in for lunch just after 11am on a  Thursday and I had the entire restaurant all to myself until I was 95% done with my meal.  It was pretty awesome, like having your own personal chef and butler :)After studying the menu for along time, as if I was cramming for a quiz, I ended up ordering Lilly's Chicken Wings again.  It was crispy with good flavor, before being dressed in a modest amount of sauce. It comes with 6 pieces of wings, so it is perfect for sharing. But this appetizer came out last, contrary to my expectation of the order that the dishes I ordered would be brought out to the table. Lilly's House Noodle. Stir fried noodle in house sauce w/ vegetables and seafood was tasty.  It packed just the right amount of flavor for me, and I would not hesitate to order it in the future.The Crispy Duck, made with boneless duck, lightly battered and topped with Chef's special sauce was good. Big portion, but the nice crispy duck was covered in sauce.  I was told that was the traditional country style presentation of that dish. I still like it, but felt that it was a shame to undo the crispy duck skin at plating. I liked this duck dish, but will tried one of the other duck items on the menu in the future.Service was great.  Food was brought out promptly. I also drank a lot of water as it was still rather warm outside, and never had to asked for the glass to be refilled.4 stars!
4	Went here with family last night, the food is good and the service is very friendly and accommodating.  We ordered:- Pad Thai - noodles were a little over cooked, mushy- Yellow Curry - good, order spicy!- Nam Tok (Thai beef salad) - awesome, order spicy!- Papaya Salad - yummy, order spicy!- Chicken w/ Mixed Veggies - goodWe previously had:- Crispy Duck - good, expected breast slices, but it's sliced like roasted duck- Red Curry Catfish - good spicyThe highlights were definitely was the salads, fresh and flavorful.  We'll be back again.  Plus it's the closest Asian food you can find coming from the West side, until you hit further East.
5	The red curry duck was absolutely amazing! The scallop panang was the most perfect I've ever eaten! Both dishes were spicy and accompanied by quality fresh vegetables and perfectly fresh rice! Right down to the coconut ice cream, every detail was thought out! Mmmm
3	We came here because of a Groupon. We came here a few weeks ago for lunch with our $30 Groupon in hand. I started with a Thai tea and my fella got a regular iced tea. The Thai tea was a little on the sweeter side than I would have preferred, but was good. We decided to share a panang curry with pork and a chicken pad thai to share.The curry was pretty good, but I had hoped it would be a little thicker and flavorful. It was just a little more watered down than I had expected. The pad thai was on the slimy side. It wasn't the most pleasant texture, but aside from the texture it had a good flavor, albeit a little on the sweet side.. We finished our meal with a mango and sticky rice. I can never resist sticky rice, so was happy with this rendition. I think I would prefer the coconut ice cream next time to the mango since it wasn't the freshest, but it was a nice way to end our meal. We had a pretty good meal and I'd be interested in trying out a few more of their menu items that looked tasty.They also have Vietnamese items that looked good as well. The service was exceptional. I'd go back for that alone.
4	Nice little spot for some Thai and Vietnamese cuisine. We had the pad thai and curry and we were both pleasantly surprised by the food here. The food is good and the service is fantastic. Looking forward to coming back.
1	We were excited to try this restaurant and purchased a Groupon for $30. As we approached the restaurant there was a large sign on the door stating that they do not accept Groupon vouchers. How can they not accept them after we already purchased them? We will not return.
4	I love this place because they have Chinese, Thai and Vietnamese food! Sometimes I can't decide on which cuisine I want so I'm glad Lilly's is around so I don't have to choose. My brother had some Pho (Vietnamese Soup) which came in a huge bowl. I'm glad because I wanted some but not a whole bowl so they brought me another bowl so I can have some. I ordered the Drunken Noodles with a side of white rice. This also came in a big serving so my brother had some of that. We also had some egg rolls which went perfect with the meal. I'm getting hungry just writing about this !
1	DO NOT BUY GROUPON, LILLY'S WILL NOT ACCEPT!!!  I don't know why they are offering a deal again.  I was there just last week and they refused to accept my Groupon, as well as 3 other patrons.  We still ate there, but the food is not worth returning.  It's good, but nothing to write home about.
1	No longer accepting Groupons!I went here last night to use a Groupon (that I purchased Aug 30 and expires in Feb 2013) and there is a sign on the door they are no longer accepting Groupons per management.. I guess they don't want any new business!
3	Nicely decorated, but no music playing. I ordered a house special pho (pho dac biet), I assumed since it's mainly a Thai restaurant, it'll be sweet; which it was. If you want chop sticks, ask for them. Great service. Overall, I'd come back again.
1	What a surprise when I presented my Groupon for $30.  Manager said we don't accept that coupon anymore.  I just bought it 3 weeks ago.  Too bad for me.  No way to run a business.
2	My family and I were in the mood for some Vietnamese food and this place was near by. We each order Pho soup and the meat looked questionable. I didn't eat my meat but my brother did and he was sick a few hours later. I wouldn't eat here again but I will say the summer rolls were tasty.
2	This was our first and last visit for dinner using a $10 Restaurant.com coupon.  It was hidden in a small strip mall on W Sahara Ave/near S Rainbow Blvd in Las Vegas.  When we walked in, the owner gestured for us to sit down.  There was only a party of three there with a coupon. A woman walked in with a Groupon and the owner said they are no longer accepting Groupons so she walked out.  They do not have a website but they do have a Facebook page.  They had Chinese, Thai, and Vietnamese items on the menu.  The Vietnamese food was reasonably priced.  The curry, duck, seafood, and some of the specialty entrees were expensive.The tables had burgundy table cloths covered with glass.  A single Cala Lily was in a vase at each table.  Rap music was playing.The owner took our order, left the menu in our hands and then brought us glasses of water 10 minutes after we walked in.  My friend ordered the Shrimp and Pork Noodle Bowl and I ordered the Shrimp Rice Plate.  We also ordered the Summer Rolls.The two Summer Rolls came out on a plate with peanut sauce.  They were not cut in half.  I like my Summer Rolls to be cut in half.  There was no mint or shredded carrot garnish like on the Facebook page.About 25 minutes after we arrived, the owner told me that thay were out of white steamed rice.  He asked me if I wanted brown rice or noodles.  I said noodles were okay.  Why didn't he tell me that when I ordered #34?  What Asian restaurant runs out of white rice during prime dinner time?The owner was also the cook.  I could see him frying something.  A young Asian guy walked in and started clearing plates from the other party's table.  He must have been out on a delivery.The Shrimp and Pork Noodle Bowl had 3 boiled or barely grilled shrimp on a skewer with yellow squash and sliced carrot.  There was about 2 tablespoons of BBQ pork. There was shredded carrot and peanut garnish.The Shrimp Rice Plate was now a noodle bowl with 2 skewers of 5 shrimp and vegetables with a garnish of shredded carrot and chopped peanuts.  It was served with fish sauce.  I had to ask for a spicy tray to give the entree some flavor.We did not get a refill of water nor did the owner check on us.  We will not be back.
5	The food was delicious.  I wish I could remember the name of the dish I got (my husband ordered for me while I was out on a business call), but whatever it was, it was delicious.  It tasted very close to Massaman Curry, though I know it was not.  Also, my husband's pho was delicious.  Very herby and aromatic. Not flat at all, like most pho we've had.  The waiter seemed to be very invested in the food, so I think he may have been the owner or manager.  He asked us how he could improve the dishes, even though they were already delicious.  I told him I would have to try something *better* before I could critique it.  He was very friendly, very attentive, and it was a wonderful experience.  We will definitely be back.
5	This a great meal of yellow curry, Sam rot both with chicken. Great meal with a great price. Service was good.
4	Seems like a great place to get a quick and cheap lunch, (they have specials) and we order to-go from here. It's family run, with the whole lot helping out, kids included. If you're a fan of spicy food (I am) I'd recommend the Thai Beef Salad. Curries were good too.  I'd recommend getting food to go, there isn't much of an atmosphere to speak of, but good inexpensive food.
5	Thank you for all the support but we are no longer at this location. Our current location is 8470 W Desert Inn Rd Suite H-3 lilly's Thai and Vietnamese Cafe. Hope to see you there
