4	Krazy Fish (and More!) has been taunting me with delayed opening dates for a month or two now, but they are finally open and I must say, it was worth the wait.While the interior decor looks a bit like a performance art version of the mind of an unbalanced person with an aquatic fixation, the food is delicious. Get the tacos. Let me say that again good and slow so you wont miss it.GET. THE. TACOS.I've tried both the tempura shrimp and cuban chicken versions and both were delicious (though I'm partial to the shrimp, with a touch of the pepper oil that is on the tables). Neither was particularly spicy but the flavors were full and bright. I love that their slaw (which tops your protein) is not a mayo-y mess and the tortillas are fresh and fluffy. Tacos come with one side (all this for under $8). I am in love with their jalapeno cheddar grits souffle, to a ridiculous degree, but Jake's mac and cheese put up a strong argument and I look forward to measuring their squash casserole against Dish's.Yes, they serve other things besides tacos. There is shrimp and grits that is certainly on my to do list. There is pad thai. There is curry lemongrass tofu for the veggie crowd. They will even serve you up a quarter chicken, and I look forward to trying any or all of these dishes. But in the mean time (and who am I kidding, it will only be a matter of days before I stroll back) I am glad to have Krazy Fish as my new neighbor.
4	Krazy Fish is a great addition to the neighborhood.  I went twice in one weekend.  Yes, it was that good.  Tacos are unique with a delicious slaw that is both a little spicy and sweet.  Nice balance of flavors/textures and you can't beat the prices.  We'll be back soon!
4	Get over the decor - it was unique and fun.My wife and I plus a friend had lunch at "The Kraze" today. Great service (I think everyone in the place checked on us) and fantastic food. Texture, color, flavor - everything rocked.I had Cajun Carbonara - shrimp and pork w/ penne - my wife enjoyed the Shrimp & Grits and our friend had a LARGE beef sandwich with fresh jalapenos and sides. We all shared bites and found it all to be exceptional. The bill for all three of us was $36. We will be spreading the word and we will be back often. You are our new favorite.
4	My husband and I went to Krazy Fish during opening week and first weekend night-Friday.  I got the special-Red Curry Shrimp-and my husband got the beef and pork grill.  The portions are tremendous and the sides we got-squash casserole, black bean salad and macaroni-n-cheese were fabulous!  Glass of tasty Malbec was only $6 dollars!   Everyone was nice and it's fun to watch the kitchen run around.  Can't wait for the warm weather and the Tiki Hut patio bar to open in the back!IF YOU ARE EVER THERE WHEN THEY HAVE THE GREEN THAI MUSSELS YOU MUST HAVE THEM!!!
5	Great job! Three visits so far and better each time.
4	Krazy Fish, an awesome Independent Restaurant in plaza midwood!  Very affordable with a creative menu, for everyone.   Appetizer, we enjoyed the shrimp curry, with the perfect undertones of heat for the curry and topped with tempura shrimp..For my  wife KreKre, she had some special dish with shrimp, and shredded pork that she loved,  for myself, lemon grass tofu roti(burrito) with a side salad and a side of carrots, cabbage & broccoli. Yes I  recommend this place!  KRAZY
4	Seriously strange, this place. From the Mad Scientist Acid Trip Under the Sea decor to the banana salsa to the...just...huge, newspaper sized menu, there are some really outta-the-norm things going on at Krazy Fish.And I gotta say, I likey.Things are messy - ya, there's brownie-filled orange cups for dessert for cheap, but they're overfilled, spilling out a bit. A salsa brought to the table in an icy squeeze bottle. A cold, intestinal coil of cheese grits solidifying while your sandwich is steaming hot. Water all over the bathroom floor. Corners, art to run into. Cilantro in everything, all hail the cheapest herb, garnish, chopped, springs tucked into your taco, sandwich, salsa, everywhere.It's almost, kind of a foodie joint, because anything, anywhere, on the menu, can be put in any burrito, any sammich, any taco. There are near-infinite combinations of flavor happening and not a lot of steering going on - a gruff rec by a waitress, that's about it - so it's easy to choose and end up with something freaky-not-good. OR (like moi) you could get jittery with excitement, anticipating what lemongrassy tofu, pickled jalapenos, and coconut curry could possibly taste like, and WHOA it kinda worked, even if it was a little sweet. Things are, here. Sugary. Riding that edge of too much. Not taking the plunge.Other options for veg's - tempura vegetables, potato cake. You can have a potato cake taco. Dare ya.House slaw is riskily weird, but good - toasted cumin, a little bitter, Indian flavors.There are like, 10 salsas. I even enjoyed the banana, sort of.It's beautiful that no one worried about foodie trendy BS when designing this space or menu. It's just all really Krazy, in an homage-to-East-Charlotte-ethnicity kinda way. Tacos, bolillos, banh mi, burritos (er, roti), viet, mex, thai, indo, chinese, whoa.
4	I really want to give this place 3.5 stars, but without that option, I will round up because I have great hope for Krazy Fish. We went to eat dinner on a Sunday evening a little before 6 and there were a few people there. It got more crowded as we were there. We were immediately greeted and seated and our server was friendly, though everything seemed a bit disorganized. I'm sure that will get better with time. The decor is a little tacky but it didn't turn me off. The booths are wooden and a bit splintery. It isn't a glamorous place but it will do. The menu is kind of weird, as others have noted, but there are a lot of great options. I was glad to see vegetarian choices that didn't seem  like an afterthought. There's tofu, tempura veggies, potato cakes, and side dishes in an array of different combos. We got the chips and salsa sampler to start. The menu says the salsas are "chef's choice" and we weren't told what we would get in advance. It came with a tomato, a green, and a banana salsa. The tomato and green were both good but the banana was really interesting. It was very spicy and the banana provided a good balance. I would definitely like to have that again.For my entree I chose the tempura fish tacos. It is two tacos and choice of a side dish. The tacos come in a flour shell that has been lightly fried. Our server brought out a bottle of avocado sauce, which I really appreciated since I love avocados. The fish strips in the tacos had a good batter but were soggy from the yogurt sauce and the liquid from the slaw. The flavor was really good but I'll probably get the poached fish next time. I wish there was a blackened fish option. For my side I had the mac and cheese. It was good but the noodles were really soft and it had a bit of a kick to it.My husband had the tempura shrimp bolillo and really loved it. The combination of flavors was great but be aware this is really spicy. The jalapenos had all the ribs and seeds attached. On the side he had the krazy slaw which is the same that comes on the tacos. It is a vinegar-based slaw. I look forward to trying out many of the other options on the menu including the lemongrass tofu tacos and blueberry tamarind chutney. That sounds so intriguing. They only had a few bottled beers this time but I heard a server mention that they will be getting drafts installed soon.  Also I want to point out that this restaurant has plenty of options for meat eaters who do not care for fish. Don't be turned off by the name if you don't like fish.
3	My sister and I came in the 1st week they were open and I will say all in all we enjoyed our meals and our server was very nice.We started with the Potato Cakes they were not my favorite part of the meal they were just ok. They had just put them on the menu because they weren't happy about the way they were coming out so we got the final result which in my opinion needs just a little more tweaking or maybe it was the sauce that threw me I'm not 100%...I ordered the Shrimp Tacos and they were delicious! I loved the shell that they were served in and i also enjoyed the "loose Guacamole" on them! I had it with the gringo Salsa but it wasn't my favorite. The Slaw was vinegar based and pretty good too! We finished with the Brownie that is overflowing out of a clementine shell it really takes on that orange flavor and was good.Now the decor is definitely something to be talked about because it is so fun and obviously the reflection of the place and the owner! I will be back to get those Shrimp Tacos and also because it was so new that they will have to work through some things and it will be better!
4	I'm going to give them 4 stars because our server, while a little awkward, tried really hard to make sure we were happy.  It was a little hard for me to select an entree here because everything, and I mean everything, seems to either be spicy or loaded with cilantro.  Two of my biggest dining foes.  I ended up with the fried calamari roti (burrito) with whichever was the lightest spiced curry.  I forgot to mention the cilantro thing at first and so after we ordered I remembered and got our servers attention.  He took care of it right away and my food did come out cilantro free, phew!I also had the squash casserole and side salad because I was told the mac-n-cheese was even spicy, made with a queso sauce.  Sides were okay, I did try my sistersmac and while yes it did have a kick, I found it pretty tolerable and very yummy!Brownie in an orange was weird and the orange flavor on everything was a bit much for me.  But it wasn't bad.  Overall this might not be a place suited to my tastes, but I appreciate what they are doing and I wish them success!
4	OMG! Delicious, original food...but wait there's more...they have outstanding, friendly service. Krazy Fish has a funky, divey, fun, atmosphere.Admittedly after residing in S. Calfornia for many years I am a taco snob. Krazy Fish has the best poached shrimp tacos this side of the Mississippi. I hear the tempura ones are to die for as well. Last night I had the gazpacho soup which was packed with shrimp. This place doesn't skimp and the price is right. Go hungry, leave full and happy. Skip Cabo Fish Taco for Krazy Fish. Guaranteed that you'll go back soon.
3	Great value, vibe and vegetarian choices. Skip pad Thai and go for the tacos. Great start although still working out the kinks with a big creative menu.
5	My birthday is in September. September 6th, to be exact. I've been hunting around for a great place to have it, and so far, this is at the top of my list. In fact, Krazy Fish is at the top of my list in North Carolina for:1.) Best Tacos I've Ever Had2.) Most Unique Atmosphere3.) Most Friendly/Laid-Back Staff4.) Best Food Fo'Yo'Moneh FOOD: I'm serious about the tacos, dude. Had them tempura-calamari-wise, and tempura-shrimp-wise. Seriously deliciouso. Not just good seafood, but the tacos come with their krazy slaw, and while I'm not sure exactly what's in it, I assure you it is tangy and delicious. Also, you get you choice of unique sauces to top your tacos. So far, everything I've tried is amazing, though my favorite is the Pink Gold sauce. One of the best things is actually the taco shell... soft, flour or corn tortillas that are fried until they're all puffy and crispy and flavorful and delicious... the entire thing truly is a symphony in your mouth.SERVICE: Seriously great. Very laid back, and when I leave, I feel like I've made friends. KC is loud and hilarious, sitting down with you and telling you about future plans for the restaurant, and future concoctions. I can't wait to go back to try his shrimp cocktail gazpacho. ATMOSPHERE: Krazy. No seriously, I have no idea how they made the little decorations for that place or why, but somehow it works. Apparently there are also plans for the patio out front, and it's still under construction. If they put in some corn hole/ping pong/whatever, they'd complete a gold mine. Hopefully those plans are already in the works.PRICE: One'o my favorite things about this place... seriously great pricing. Two culinary exquisite and heaping tacos with a generous side for under $8? Sick, dude. I highly recommend this place. Catch me there in the future for my tentative yelpy birthday, unless I find someplace better (but I really doubt I will!)
5	we came to to the decision to eat here because we hadn't been and we are too lazy to cook dinner at home. it was probably the best idea we'd ever had. EVER.i got the calamari tempura tacos, my boyfriend got the shrimp tempura tacos. it had really great sauce and those shells are like, who came up with these taco shells because you could probably fill them with anything and it would be instantly delicious. dont let the decor throw you off and when they ask you if you want desert you must say you want the orange brownie concoction or you will regret it for the rest of your life. i ate it a few hours ago and all my girl scout cookies now taste like crap compared to that brownie thing. bottom line: eat here. order the tacos and orange brownie. have the greatest day ever.
4	We got some take out from Krazy Fish a couple weeks ago and really enjoyed it.  We got poached fish tacos, tempura shrimp tacos, and shrimp and grits.  The shrimp and grits was the clear stand out.  You can imagine the basics of the dish (doesn't it seem like every single restaurant is serving S&G these days?), but what I liked about Krazy's take on the dish was the habanero pepper flavor, which came through without destroying you with heat.The Fish tacos...I didn't taste them, but our guests didn't seem really up or down on them.  From what I saw the fish had been shredded and placed in the tacos.  That seems like a really bad idea because the fish would tend to dry out.Anyway, my dish, the shrimp tacos, was quite good.While waiting for the take out order to be cooked ad bagged, my uncle and I had a glass of wine in the restaurant, which is every bit as garish as other reviewers claim.  But I like it.  It's totally weird but why not, right?  At least it's interesting.Anyway, I wish they would try a little harder on the tacos, but I am thrilled to have a worthy new addition to Plaza Midwood's restaurant scene.
3	Before anyone starts snapping his/her fingers, twisting his/her neck and saying 'oh NO she didn't!!", hear me out on my reasoning behind my 3-stars.  This is a prime example how expectation can ruin just about anything.  After seeing all the rave reviews, I dragged my fellow Yelper friend to try out Krazy Fish for dinner on Friday, waiting for my socks to get knocked off.  Instead I was left slightly disappointed.Stepped through the door of this dumpy looking structure and we found ourselves in some sort of Alice in Wonderland-ville.  The eclectic decor is cute.  The place was busy, so we waited a little for the hostess.  By the door was a big blackboard with their specials on it, so my friend already knew what she wanted for dinner before we even got our table. We got seated at one of those tiny 2-top (why such small tables even exist in any restaurant? After salt & pepper there's barely room for water let alone my plate).  i was pleased to find out about the $2 domestic (Icehouse) special, SCORE!  The menu was simple enough and just as expected.  I decided on the Cuban Chickent Roti (aka burrito) with Jamaican Curry sauce and squash casserole as my side. My friend ordered the Thai Red Curry with Fried Fish special.  Here comes the "fun" part.  The waiter guy (he looked 12, I didn't think child labor is allowed) came back 3 times trying to get her order right.  Somehow "the curry special" as we were pointing to the blackboard only warranted a lost/deer-in-the-headlights look from him.  He had to walk to the blackboard and stare at it in order to know there are specials in the restaurant he's working at.  Yike!My burrito looked good when arrived.  I like that they pressed it on the grill so it's a little brown & crispy on the outside.  My friend's Thai Curry Fish, on the other hand, looked odd, nothing like curry or fish.  Oh wait, I know why!  Because it indeed WASN'T Thai Curry Fish, it was shrimp gazpacho, the only other special listed on the board.  Now, how on the freaking earth after 3 repeated clarifications, curry fish became shrimp gazpacho will forever remain a mystery to me.  I nibbled on my side salad as they scrambled to fix her order.  I have to say, it was some good berry salad dressing, not tart like most vinaigrette, very summer friendly.  Then I started to poke at my squash casserole, which wasn't too heavy or cheesy, another good one.  Finally her food arrived and I dived into my burrito.  Lots of rice, not enough chicken or sauce.  It became kinda bland.  Honestly I couldn't even taste the "cuban," for all I know my chicken could be Costa Rican.  I ended up spooning my friend's curry sauce, which was deliciously coconut-ty, over my burrito. I would have lick her plate clean if I could.  The food overall was fine but nothing too memorable. But the service was just mind-boggling.  I know the place is new, but the waiter doesn't know his daily specials? Now that is KRAZY (pun intended). And oh, he forgot her side salad too.  So, 3-stars for now, and I will return and try the Tempura Shrimp Tacos and see if it can earn an extra star.
2	OUCH....this describes my experience here.  3 star concept....3 star funky fishy decor.....1 star execution.  I can forgive a place for being a bit frantic on a Friday night but ummmmm your restaurant was just half-full.  Hmmmm.  So my fellow yelpette and I were here last Friday and immediately you notice the energy of the staff.  Frantic really doesnt seem to describe it.  Terrified seems to fit better (I know we are gorgeous and thus intimidating but please really guys.....har har...)  Yes loved the $2 IceHouse but things went downhill quickly from there. The special on the chalkboard by the hostess stand was winking at me as soon as I walked in the door.  $13.95 for Red Curry Fish with rice and a side salad.  When I ordered the special from the waiter I had said I would like the curry more on the mild side and he said 'yes yes' and appeared to write that down.  So yes I was very surprised when I got a shrimp appetizer instead of what I ordered (yes it was another special listed on the board).  It wasnt as though it was supposed to be sent to another table, our waiter literally had no idea what the specials were and just decided to pick one for me?!  Thus ensued more frantic behavior from the staff.  When I did get my dinner (while my lovely dinner partner just picked politely at her plate so as to not be rude)  the dish was fine (not great) but the side salad was lost in Never Never Land....So when he brought the check and had charged me the full amount, I politely pointed out that either he adjust the bill or bring me a side salad to go.  He did the latter.  This place is a non-repeat for me.....there are just too many other options that are fab and consistent less than a mile in any direction.  Bad Fishy!
4	I was treated to lunch today at Krazy Fish and was really impressed.  Not only was the food good but the environment and staff made it that much better.  I tried a sandwich that mixed Cuban chicken with an Asian kick that came together to make nothing short of awesome.To boot, the owner, KC, came and hung out at my table... nice guy, great restaurant.  If you're looking for a new spot check out Krazy Fish!
4	I've been here 3 times now. The first time I ordered off the menu and got tempura shrimp tacos. They were delicious! As my side, I got the potato salad. It wasn't your ordinary potato salad; it's more of a cold german potato salad (with vinegar) - which I liked. The second time I went I ordered the lunch special, a sandwich called "Beefona". It was a pork tenderloin sandwich with lettuce, mayo and the awesomely delicious pickled cucumbers. Although the service that day was way too slow, once my meal came out and I got a few bites in, the sandwich helped that the service was slow. The pork was also a bit overcooked, but you know when you're hungry it sometimes just doesn't matter. Besides, it all tasted good anyway! I took the fam last night, dined al fresco and once again decided to try the special on the board. It was a noodle bowl with mushrooms and gravy. It also had carrots and celery. Even though a veggie dish (which I usually don't order), this tasted very good. I suggested that adding red pepper and green onion would have been a good addition to the dish. KC was out of red pepper that day but said it would have been in if he had it.All in all, my experience has been a 3 for 3 on the food and a 2 for 3 on the service. (BTW, our waitress last night was so friendly and made the dinner enjoyable.)
5	What's my new favorite place for casual eats in the Queen City?  You guessed it Krazy Fish.  If you want to have the same experience I had  I suggest grabbing a seat on the patio - asking for Susan to wait on you - order a couple of mojitos and some tacos.  What kind of tacos?  Well the one thing I can say about Krazy Fish is you will have plenty of options to choose from  and there is a lot more than just  tacos on the menu,  Ceviche, steak, curry's, tofu, etc. etc.  On the recommendation of some great yelp reviews I went with the tacos.  I was so happy with my meal the pulled pork taco was my favorite and Danielle G. right on with the Pink Gold sauce it truly was a amazing.  Put this place on the top of your list to try and save room for the berry cobbler a completely unexpected delicious surprise.  Oh and before I forget the prices rock.
4	I really don't know how to even review this place. There are so many choices from every different ethnic background. There is also something called "Krazy Sauce" that seems to be on just about every item.The inside is nuts. I really can't describe it properly. It is cheesy and themed. I love it.The grits are absolutely incredible. They are jalapeno grits. omg.I did not see the banana pudding from fat city- but I really hope it does make an appearance. The beers are way over priced though.
3	Krazy is quite right. An eclectic mix of Spanish food with Japanese ingredients molded together with an American twist. This place is quite interesting with it's decor, food and beer.When it comes to the quality of the food though, I can't really say I was wooed. Shrimp wrap was just okay, ceviche was just okay, and fish tacos were just okay. On the up side, they offer a few cool local NC beers, and the staff is friendly and attentive. Funky fresh, check it out for yourself folks!
4	I had a long debate with myself about whether I should round up or down from my TRUE rating, which is a 3.5.  There were many factors that led to the 4 stars: it's locally owned, amazing concept, and, well, the food was spectacular.  So I got the tempura shrimp tacos, and they were amazing.  I actually turned into a grandma when I bit into them and said to myself, "Oh my, is THAT GOOD!"  But it was!  The shells are chewy and golden, stuffed with crispy fried shrimp, amazingly flavorful coleslaw, and "pink gold" sauce which is very aptly named.  I ordered the squash casserole as a side, but was given the Mac and Cheese, which was totally fine; the waiter brought out the casserole too so I got both but I didn't care for it at all...the mac and cheese, however, was PHENOMENAL.  Slightly spicy, super creamy, it was like something out of a mac and cheese filled dream.  (the best kind of dream)  My only qualm was with the service.  It wasn't bad, not at all.  Our waiter was super attentive and came over many times to check on/chat with us.  Maybe...a little TOO many times.  He was a really sweet dude but it was honestly one of the most awkward experiences I've ever had in a restaurant.  Right after we got our food he walked over, stared at the table, and walked away again without saying a word, and later came over to ask us if we wanted to try the flavored water...after we had already finished our meal.  He also told us a few non-sequitur stories and then recommended a BBQ restaurant in Ballantyne without actually telling us it's name.  He was so sweet, though, so I feel kind of like a monster for saying anything, but I get extremely uncomfortable when strangers talk to me like, in the middle of the day, when I haven't been drinking.  I stammer and can't make eye contact and start to get red-faced and sweaty and it's just not a good look.But other than that, my Krazy Fish experience was great, and I'll be back for sure.  And you should go.  They're really nice there.
4	Couple things... If I see Fish Tacos I'm sold no matter what. Also a craft beer is a given if a menu is handed to me. This being said my visit to Krazy Fish was start with a *BANG* beer. The list is pretty good. Standard for plaza midwood which is by no means a bad thing. Server was a tad *BANG* slow. But that being said the outside was pretty busy keeping the servers running. Understandable! Fish tacos we standard the various salsas *BANG* however were awesome!*BANG* I would say this is a good *BANG* bang for you buck. Prices arent ridiculous for the amount of food and flavor you get. *BANG* The only downside to my *BANG* visit would be the door to the side patio. *BANG* Sadly no matter where you sit inside you will *BANG* hear this door "bang" shut every 20 seconds when a server runs in our out. By the end of my meal my conversation was determined by the banging of that door. Ultimately giving a whopping headache. *BANG* Fix the door and I'll give the 5th star! *BANG**BANG**BANG**BANG*
3	I saw this new place pop up, and it looked interesting. After all the reviews I read, I figured it would be a cool place to try out with my girlfriend. When we first walked in, the decor and look of the place felt "cool". It seemed pretty eclectic, and definitely a fun atmosphere. The layout of this restaurant is open so that you can see all the other tables and the bar. We were greeted right away, and told of a number of great specials. Our server was very friendly and knowledgeable and seemed to have good suggestions for drinks and food. The menu was very different and almost difficult to choose because so many things looked soooo good. The one main problem I did have with this restaurant is that when we were there, the man behind the bar seemed to be a manager of some type. He obviously was not having a very god day because he felt the need to yell very loudly at his staff, telling them that "if they did not do a good job they would be fired" and proceeded to go on and on about how every little mistake that a server made "could cost them their job". Now I am all for a manager making sure that his staff is following company policy, As I have worked in the food service industry for over 10 years, but it was very very disturbing and very uncomfortable for me and my girlfriend and I'm sure the rest of the guests to have to sit and listen to a manager go off on his staff for things like "not having enough pens" while trying to have dinner. I was very pleased by the job our server did. The food was amazing, the service was great, the manager behind the bar is what made me and my girlfriend not want to come back. These conversations, and tirades should have NOT occurred out in the dining room, and the manager should know better. That type of attitude from a manager/bar tender on a power trip is not impressive, and does not encourage me to come back. My suggestion is either order togo because the food is SOOO good, or go on a night when that guy isnt working.
4	Krazy Fish is great, and I'm writing this to clarify what the previous reviewer posted. I'd be willing to bet that the "manager" he was talking about "yelling" was K.C. (the owner)....anyone who knows KC knows that he was more than likely just blustering some bullsh-t and acting like the big bad loud guy and the employees were all in on the joke, theres no one who works there who wouls yell for real in front of diners. I don't think the last poster got the joke......its really mellow there
4	The bird is dead, long live the fish - the Krazy Fish, that is!Before you all head out the door and get in your car headed to the Krazy Fish, know that even if you had grown accustomed to the Penguin (in either incarnation), even if you feel like you are used to all the funkiness of Pinky's or are ready for something different, you probably are not quite ready for the Krazy Fish.Start with the parking lot.  Yes, really.  If you approach from one side, you get the patio.  Of sorts.  It is really a fenced-in area that is just a parking lot, really.   The other side has remnants of what appears to be a drive-by panting gone horribly wrong.  Actually, the booths and most anything inside that could be moved looks to have been painted in the parking lot, then taken back inside and decorated with all sorts of cast-offs like some bizarre outtakes from a Toy Story that you would never want your kids to see.  You would not want any kids to see it.Should you make it into the restaurant, you may be mobbed, because depending on when you get there, chances are good that you will be outnumbered by the staff by at least three to one.  And this means that you could have good service.  You might also feel like you are being stalked in a very odd way by Uncle Creepy.  But it can also be helpful since the menu is a little odd.  Go with it, as their suggestions help.Ultimately, the menu is like something you have probably never seen before, and it is worth a look and at least one taste.  Perhaps more.  Just make sure you are the adventurous type.  If not, go back to the Penguin.
4	It's crazy inside Krazy Fish...that's for damn sure. Paint splattered booths, sparkly countertops, a mishmash of menu items, blow up doll caught in a net...but I dig it! Although the place was quite quiet during lunch yesterday, a few friends and I enjoyed a tasty meal. Our server was most excellent - a mash up of tattoos & Southern charm - with many honeys, sweeties, and dolls thrown about. I fully appreciate when the server gives solid suggestions, too! We started out by splitting an order of the ceviche - a magnanimous portion of fresh, lime laden fish with plenty of onion, tomato and cilantro to amp up the flavor. The portion was generous and the taste was right on. Plus, our fab server brought out a bottle of guacamole so we could douse to our liking. For my meal, I chose the blackened tuna tacos with pineapple salsa/slaw and a side of jalapeno cheddar grits. Two large tacos arrived with plenty of tuna and mounds of tasty pineapple slaw stuffed into fried soft shell tortillas. Let me tell you - I love me a fried tortilla. Taste-ay. The combo of the pineapple and tuna was bright and the grits, albeit a bit heavy, had great flavor and texture. I would have been totally game if they were a bit spicier, too. I like this kinda crazy, Krazy Fish.
4	Delicious! Went there for the first time and had the BiG Dixie Chicken Sandwich. Prepared with great style. Had the pleasure of finishing my friends pork and blueberry chutney taco.......I've never been a fan of meats n sweets, but they may have made me a believer. Again delicious. I'm going back. You're Welcome!
4	Hallalujuah! I finally found a place for fish tacos. Loved the Cuban and poached fish . . .  had the cheese grits and baby potatoes as sides and they too were very tasty.
3	Went to Krazy fish friday and thought it was pretty good all around!The look is well, unusual but that's a lot of its charm! The menu is large and varied ..anything from fish tacos, to curries, to Jamaican fare was found.I ordered the ceviche tacos (although I had to ask what seafood was used in the ceviche - fish). They did not arrive with guacamole - so I asked for that and was given a squeeze bottle of something that resembled salsa verde more than any guacamole I've ever had. The taco would have been super awesome with real guac...while tasty with their odd version, I couldn't help being disappointed.The server recommended the grits- side and being adventurous (yea I am from the North), I gave them a shot. They were pretty tasty but be prepared they packed a punch...which brings me to the margaritas. Very tart but refreshing- I had a little floaty in mine but drank it anyway since I am sure tequila killed whatever the heck that was.Service was relaxed and friendly - owner seemed to be heated over the possibility of having to tear down his patio - as it was apparently too close to the road...so he went around getting emails for petitions. It was a bit like putting your customers on the spot but overall I didn't mind much as the man needed his patio ! I will definitely be back since I think Krazy fish can earn that 4th star - they certainly have the quirk and charm necessary to survive in this area!
4	Had dinner here with the GF based on good reviews here and from folks at work...Outside isn't much to write home about but inside it looks like Krazy Fish was decorated by a drug-addled toddler.  Very funky/hipster.They have a good beer selection, including $1 'beer' drafts.  Our server didn't know what is was, just that it was domestic and was $1.I had a cuban chicken roti, which was really good, reasonably priced, and just the right size.  Everything tasted fresh and carefully prepared.I'll be going back...
4	Krazy Fish is a very interesting place.  When you drive up the outside kind of looks like a dive bar, with an outdoor patio and the krazy fish sign prompting you to get "krazy."  It kind of looks like a strange garage sale inside.  Then the menu comes and you are astounded by the unique mish mash of items that are just as strange as the place.  Basically, Krazy Fish lives up to its name - everything from the locale, the building, interior, menu and staff is kind of crazy.  The fun part about crazy is it isn't boring, and the food here was the most exciting I have had in awhile.Most items on the menu have strange fruity/spicy sauce concoctions.  Scanning through the offerings I noticed a lot of seafood options, vegetarian, asian, BBQ.  All over the place!  They were offering a restaurant week special the night we were there.  4 courses for 2 PEOPLE for $30.  Given the amount of food we got that was a phenomenal deal.  Started with the ceviche with tortilla chips.  It was amazing and I was full after that.  BUT there was more.  Amazing Korean BBQ tacos with a side of beans.  Very tender huge plate of ribs with a blueberry habanero (I think) sauce, potato salad and some flavorful green beans.  Finished off the meal with a bananas foster that was surrounded by Nilla Wafers.  Wow.  I could not get any more satiated.The owner or manager came by a couple of times and was very friendly - you could tell both he and the waiter were excited to see us and enthusiastic about their food.  It was a Monday night and was pretty sparse in terms of patrons, so we got some nice personalized service and two handshakes on the way out.A place the adventurous, or moderately adventurous should definitely try!
5	The group just went back and OMG    Even though it was Cinco De Mayo    they handled our party of 22 like PROS ! ! !      THE Food was fresh hot and served in a very timely manner ! ! !  words dont explain how great this place is ! ! !  GREAT FOOD GREAT STAFF,,,    Very attentive,   Pulled tacos  with the  bbq sauce with blue berry is off the chain excellent !I highly recommend the  Potato cake app with Jamaican sauce  to make this a meal beg to have  your favorite meat put on top ! !  !
4	I have to say, this place was a delightful surprise.  I had seen it so many times during my driving around, and figured I'd finally stop.  I was pleasantly surpised with the overall experience!The decor, the food, the wait staff, the extensive menu, all of it really made me continue to go back time and time again.  The pink sauce they put on the Shrimp Tacos makes all the difference.Love it
4	FUN & ECLECTIC!  What do you like?!?  Asian Fusion, Caribbean, Latin American, Mexican, Sandwiches, Seafood, Soul Food, Southern, Tex-Mex, Thai, Vietnamese...then go to Krazy Fish!  SO many options, friendly servers, and KRAZY good!
2	I was expecting a really great meal & experience here after hearing such good reviews, but was disappointed. The food was mediocre & the service was awful-the waitress even rolled her eyes at one of our questions (seriously???!) Unacceptable.If I get invited to dine there again, I'll probably go and give the place a second chance, but a lot would have to be different for me to change my rating.
1	Possibly the worst restaurant experience in the last 25 years. Food was not as described on the menu. Shrimp in the taco was not overcooked, a plus, but they were served in an "Old Elpaso" shell straight off the supermarket shelf. There was another protein substance in the taco that the server was told was chopped clam, but was really chicken. ???  There was also one long cilantro stem in the shell. That's it.   Not at all what was described in the menu and truely awful.  Margarita was sub-par and the squash casserole was watery with large globs of stringy cheese. After I asked questions about what I was served and it was clear that I was unhappy (yet pleasant) our table was avoided by the server and manager. They made no effort to rectify their errors or make me happy.  I am not one to be critical, but this place is to be avoided.  Too many other people out there who know what they're doing and deserve your patronage.  If you have an open kitchen the folks preparing the food need to be aware and keep their hands off their faces and out of their hair.
4	I was a little leary of this place since it was lunch time on Saturday and we were the only customers. OMG.....what a surprise!  We both ordered the "Southern Fried Fish Tacos".....they were absolutely a delight for the taste buds!!!  The mojitos were not bad either. The decor is interesting and our waiter was great.
4	This place is KRAZY!  I've spied it off of Central for a while, but just never got a chance to try it until now.  It is really hard to anticipate what to expect with this restaurant based on the reviews, but the place has it's very own personality - a unique one at that.The weather was nice so we decided to sit outside on the patio.  It did eventually get pretty cool, but nothing that a margarita couldn't fix.  I tried the "Ghetto Surfer" which was pretty good.  The other drinks on the drink menu sounded super unique and worthy of at least one try.The menu is a bit overwhelming since in the first 30 seconds I was reading about tacos, then right next to it is korean inspired fair... or if you weren't starting to get dizzy reading the descriptions, there is thai, southern style food, and other food types.  Great if you were feeling adventurous, but I would not recommend it if you were expecting a certain (one) genre of food.Our server was nice and told us about the specials.  I went with the special:  Szechuan Salmon Tacos with a side.  I chose jalapeno cheddar grits.....  DELICIOUS!  My plate was clean in a matter of seconds.Overall a CRAZY.... but good crazy... experience.  Can't wait to come back to try the ribs [in blueberry sauce??!!??].
4	Holy awesomeness in my mouth! Was in town for work and was looking for a place to go that offered vegetarian options but wasn't too earthy since I was dining with coworkers. Despite some of the mixed reviews and seeing pictures of the crazy decor, I talked my party of 4 into making the trek to Krazy Fish. And it was SO worth it. (at least that's what 3 of us thought...the guy who only eats at chain restaurants wasn't all that impressed) I had the "special" pineapple margarita to wet my whistle. It was pretty good, but a little sweet for my liking. The tabled ordered the potato cakes and cheese and salsa to share. I can't put into words how good the potato cakes were. We had to fight over them and every drop of sauce on the plate. I was expecting typical fried southern potatoes but these had an Asian zing. The pineapple salsa was really quite amazing, too. I have a big appetite so I started off with a salad, too. I'd never had a salad with black eyed peas and jalapenos, but it was really, really good. For my meal I got the lemongrass tofu tacos. I consider myself to be a bit of a vegetarian taco aficionado since I eat vegetarian tacos any time I can find them and these were SO good! But even better were the jalapeno grits that came as my side. I'd never had grits before because, well, they seemed gritty and boring (or have meat in them) but these grits were nothing short of incredible. 3 of us got them, and we could have licked our bowls. I heard from my coworkers that she she-crab soup was really good and the Salmon tacos one of them had are still being talked about days later. If you're not put off by crazy decor and eating food items that seem like they might not go together (but actually do!) give this place a shot!
5	Krazy Fish is krazy awesome!Sorry, I've been dying to say that for DAYS.  Anyway, the first thing you notice as you pull up outside is the tacky decor on the outside.  It kind of looks like someone nabbed a ton of metal lawn decorations and decided to display them proudly outside.  The moment I walked inside, it was even more prominent.  The hanging plastic mermaid was definitely foreshadowed that I would love this krazy place.The first night, I ordered the krazy grill with chicken, the cactus salad, and the jalapeno grits souffle.  My partner ordered the seafood creole.  Both of them were SUPER fantastic!!  The seafood tasted pretty fresh, and it was very reasonably priced for the quality of the food.  The sauces on both were mild-to-medium spicy, definitely a great balance.  The only thing that was just ok was the cornbread, which may have been because it was later on a Sunday night.My second visit I ordered the calamari tacos, which came with a mango salsa on top.  Again I had the amazing grits souffle (even better on the second visit!).  OMG, this was also quite delicious.  My friend had the regular fried fish, which wasn't as good as we'd hoped it would be (but still pretty good).  This is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  I can't wait to try everything on their menu!  If you like seafood and you want to try foods with Asian and Hispanic flair, I highly, highly recommend this place.
4	Don't mind if I do...1/2 price tacos between 4-6pm everyday! Also, they have "bartender's pick" beers for $2 (for the risk taker in all of us). I enjoyed my experience the first time that within days I was back for more.This is a funky restaurant with homemade decor. You'll find "Krazy" interpretations of fish hanging from the walls and ceiling! They've converted an old Pizza Hut to house their yummy tacos and Southern sides. The service was friendly and the food came out quickly, yet freshly made to order. My first visit I ordered a special Schezwan salmon taco. It was very flavorful! The next time I had the Ceviche tacos. Unless you like a lot of tang from limes, you may want to pick another one. I didn't care for all the zest...it actually made my tongue feel raw. Hubs had the lemongrass tofu both times...don't stop a good thing when you have it, right?! Fun, funky, and fresh is a good way to be...we'll be back, Krazy Fish!
4	After seeing this place pop up on yelp and consistently get good reviews, I had to try it.  I grabbed some lunch with my mom and when we walked in the door we immediately noticed the funky interior.  Knowing this use to be a Pizza Hut, then a few bars; this place has changed for the better.  Sat down and reviewed the menu, lots of good choices, especially different style tacos.  I went with the Krazy Pad Thai.  This dish was oozing with flavor, especially the slaw.  I mixed everything together, added some Sriracha, and the meal was magnificent.  Next time I order this I'll ask them to spice it up in the kitchen, great flavor, just not spicy enough for me.  My mom chose the red snapper taco's with a side of mac and cheese, interesting pairing but hey I've done Krazier so who am I to talk.  Anyway, the fish came out lightly breaded and perfectly fried.  The sauce that was drizzled over the tacos was exceptional; Sweet, spicy, a little tangy, it worked.  The mac and cheese, as mom put it, was not as good as hers and I wasn't going to argue, but I liked it.  The top was loaded with Cheddar Cheese and I feel like they also mixed some cream cheese in the body of the dish; this gave it a rich taste which I enjoyed.  The only negative about this experience was the time it took to get our food.  The place wasn't crowded at all and it took over 20 minutes to get our food, not cool.
5	This place is fabulous!  The menu is a little overwhelming, but my husband and I enjoyed our meal.  I ordered 3 vegetables:  squash casserole, mac and cheese and refrito beans.  Delicious cornbread was included.  I didn't know this when I ordered, but a salad came with my meal.  It contained all the yummy stuff, pickled beets, jalapenos and black eyed peas over greens.  My husband ordered fish tacos and mac and cheese.  He stated that it was the best mac and cheese he had ever had.  The service was prompt and friendly.  We will definitely return!
3	My honey and I decided to check this place out for a Saturday nite dinner. There was a good crowd of patrons. An eclectic menu was cool with us. The food is nicely seasoned and we would return and try some of the other dishes. My only complaint was our server was just okay. Service could have been a notch better.
4	Great lunch spot.  The salmon fish tacos were really nice, as was the squash casserole.
2	I was really excited about trying this place & I was using this as a night to break my diet... I should have stayed home & ate a salad. I ordered the Neptune's platter which was SUPPOSED to be fried fish, calamari & scallops. I got my plate & it had fish (which was fried in small pieces, I thought I would be getting a single piece...), calamari and shrimp... Shrimp? That wasn't even in the description. I asked our waitress where the scallops were. She asked the cook & replied, "Oh we're out of scallops". If I had known that I would not have ordered the dish at all, I was really looking forward to scallops! (one of my favorite foods) That is just bad business not to tell a customer they're out of something and try to replace it with something else. It's kind of like ordering a steak and getting chicken - unacceptable. Besides this mistake the food was overly fried & not very good. The dish had deep fried vegetables (frozen) as a side (deep fried broccoli?) and dry cornbread (not good) The highlight of the meal was probably the ceviche appetizer. My friend got the blackened tuna & was not impressed either (left over half of it at the restaurant) The waitress was friendly & discounted the meal but she should have been aware if they were out of something. A 2 star rating is generous... I won't be rushing back after this experience. There are too many other good restaurants in Charlotte.
2	Not...good.
2	Well after seeing Krazy Fish was offering a groupon I wanted to try them out, since I have been hankering for some fish tacos. I checked Yelp and their website and discovered that they had great specials, 1/2 off of tacos from 4-6pm and drink specials as well. People also dished on their mac and cheese, and since my hubby is a mac and cheese connoisseur I figured we should grab an early dinner. Well what can I say about the decor......its funky and looks like the things that Goodwill rejects. The server was very patient and friendly with good suggestions. She suggested that I get her fav which was the Blackened tuna with Asian slaw and pineapple salsa with the creamy cheese grits. I also ordered the pineapple mojito. My hubby ordered the southern fried fish roti with lemongrass curry and mac and cheese of course. She even brought out the sauce to sample before he ordered. Well the Mojito was subpar and not much of a pineapple taste and the tuna tacos was good, but cold. Also The grits was luke warm as well. My hubby ate only half of the Roti but all of the mac and cheese!! He did enjoyed that.  Overall if you are looking for a deal on tacos, then go here, but I think that my quest for great fish tacos is still on!!!
4	Big Fan here! One of the best places to grab quality late night food.Decor inside is very quirky.  Normally, I'd label it as slum-y but it's laced with a perfect amount of funky re-purposed junk that just radiates fun and happy. Plus, I loved the sparkly tables. Menu is equally as quirky. Pairings you normally wouldn't think of, but are a huge success! Lots of fish tacos, vegetarian options, appetizers. Flavorings range from southern to Vietnamese to Mexican to Indian. I recommend the lemongrass tofu tacos, they're off the chain! Perfect large portion of fried tofu, fresh handmade mini tortilla, krazy slaw (house made), and a blueberry tamarind chutney... YES! I've tried other sides, but the JALAPENO CHEDDAR CHEESE GRITS are by far the most superior selection. Heavenly even.
5	Hands down the best place in town for tacos. If you want fish tacos, look no further. Their fish/sea selection is awesome: crispy ceviche, salmon, seabass, fried shrimp, tuna, oyster. Also worth trying is the cuban and pulled pork. Oh,oh . . . and for your sides, I recommend the jalepeno grits.
4	Our first visit to Krazy Fish was a little, well crazy. I will go ahead and say that the food was delicious... but the service was absolutely terrible. Our waiter forgot our appetizer, our salads (that came with our meals), brought me chicken,shrimp and tofu when I asked for just chicken, and also forgot to bring the rice that came with my meal... wow. Even with the terrible service- the food shone through. I had the red curry and it was velvety, spicy, perfection. My husband had the shrimp and grits and enjoyed it- although he said it was a little too spicy (he likes spicy foods) especially with the jalepeno cornbread on the side. Regardless of this first experience- we will be giving it another try- looking forward to some tacos next go round....
4	Too many reviews on Yelp forced me to take the cruise down Central to Krazy Fish to see what all the talk was about and well worth the drive.  Chef salad had so many ingredients, every bite was an adventure.  Our waiter made suggestions and offered up the specials in such a way no one at our table could make a decision!  That's a good thing!Pros:Awesome variety of foodLove da musicWait staff was johnnie on the spotConsRoom temperature glasses for beerRoom temperature red wine Several items on menu not available - one being Dijon vinaigrette - hello - how much effort does it take to whip that up - also out of scallops but that is understandableWould definitely come back and partake of the deck and another cold one - just hope they have chilled mugs next time
4	My diner partner and I arrived around 2pm. The place was practically empty. Service was kinda slow but the food was great! My companion had the Big Dixie chicken and i had the bulgogi beef sandwich. The beef was full of flavor and the bbq sauce was spicy. I would definitely be back!
4	I really like the food, their jalapeno cheddar cheese grits are my favorite. The service was a little slow but our server was very friendly. If anything they are always so busy that the place is super loud so is not good if you are looking for a place to have a good meal and a nice conversation.
3	Cool decor, good location and decent food.  That equals an A-OK in my book.  This place has funky dishes that are unlike anything you will find elsewhere.  I had the cuban sandwich and it was great actually, a little on the dry side but nothing too bad.  The decor like a said is cool, but like and ecclectic cool, strange even.  I like that though and it kind of adds to the place.  We sat out on the patio which looked like it may have been under repair because of the loose construction material around.  Service was a little shakey with them forgeting that we need utensils and all around a tad bit slow but it sufficed.  I'll be back probably.
5	With so many reviews, my approach is very simple. I love KrazyFish!Why?Top Shelf cocktails (i.e. house tequila is Lunazul , which is a 100% agave tequila)Half price tacos EVERY DAY 4pm - 6pm (about 10 different tacos to choose from)Fresh SeafoodDown Home Comfort Food for those who need to fill "full"Daily SpecialsLocally OwnedBest Shrimp Po Boy I've ever had (even in New Orleans)
4	They were smoking a brisket and ribs today so naturally we tried the brisket tacos and the jerk ribs. I have no complaints on either of those. The sides were very average. The squash casserole was really weird and did not taste fresh. Despite the lackluster side dishes the place overall was great, and that brisket was delicious!  I'll definitely be back.
5	I'm new to this, but why?  How has no one ever made me go get some half priced taco's from 4-6pm.  Or even just told me to go pay full price.OK, like I said, I'm new to this, so can't give the full report back till I go check it a few more times.  But, those salmon taco's ain't no joke.  Tried some tuna and some ceviche as well, quite edible, but not quite as awe inspiring.Food was so good and I was soooooo hungover that I didn't really notice how wild the decor was till I was walking out.  Did notice Charlotte's own K.C.(old owner of fat City amond much other fame) was there, makes sense with all the tatted up waitresses.Full report ASAP!!!
1	Bad service,this place is in need of a manager,someone who understands the business enough to know just because hipsters eat her doesn't mean we need an all hipster crew cooking the food and the most brain dead population of hipsters waiting the tables,also tell the bartender to stop yelling at her employees,it looked like she was going to kill this kid,sad as I was to see this, I was more than happy to walk out......but not after our waitress forgot we were there,dumb bitch
2	We came here on 2 different nights for dinner.  The first time was a Monday night and ordered the fried seafood dinners.  I ordered the Neptune's platter and my boyfriend ordered the fried shrimp dinner.  One person at our table ordered the calamari appetizer, it was good.  Didn't think i had tried enough to write a review so I will say that the food and the service was pretty good on this night.  We had a very attentive waitress.We decided to come back on a Friday night around 9:00 PM for dinner on the patio (patio was cute).  There were more patrons but I wouldn't say it was slammed.The blackened catfish was great but these are the things that went wrong on our second visit:- Once we were sat, We waited for 15 minutes before anyone helped us (party of 3).  Our waitress who had about 3 of the tables outside, from what we observed, took another 15 minutes to bring back our drinks.  She told us the $1 special was  Bud light lime.  One person ordered Bud light lime but was served Coors light instead and was told the $1 special changed since the order was placed.  Another person in our party ordered the red sangria.  I had a sip and it tasted like throw up (literally).  I was going to order the watermelon margarita, which  was another drink special, but after waiting 15 mins before the waitress came to help us I overheard the next table that ordered it said it was gross and they sent it back. - After 10 more minutes she came to take our order without telling us about any of the specials.  After asking her to tell us the specials, I ordered the ribs special.  She came back to tell me that the kitchen was out of ribs but they didn't bother to inform her.  I got the catfish instead, which I would say was delicious.  - The calamari that we ordered for appetizer was soggy and didn't taste nearly as good as when we had it on our first visit.- One of us ordered a cup of gumbo as an appetizer, which the waitress didn't bring out until we reminded her after our entrees came out.  The gumbo had really good seasoning but it had nothing in there besides dried bits of chicken.  I would have expected some okra and sausage at least.- We had some issues with our bill.  The waitress didn't charge us enough and I didn't want her to have to come out of pocket so we waited another 10 - 15 minutes for her to come by.  We made eye contacts several times but she didn't bother to stop.  Therefore we left.- It irritated me that the waitress only had a few tables that night but she obviously couldn't multitask.  She would walk back to the kitchen or bar after only helping one table at a time.  I will say that the food is good but the experience was terrible. After a second visit this restaurant seems very unorganized from the management down to the servers.  We noticed, what appeared to be, the two owners in the restaurant but one seemed to be worried about their Cinqo de Mayo party scheduled for the next day, and the other was preoccupied with what I would describe as sexually harassing one of the waitresses.(Which made the both of the women at our tableVERY uncomfortable!!)  With so many restaurant options in the area we will probably not return.
4	We checked out this place this evening.  Had the salmon tacos. they ran out of the blackened tuna.  It was the best fish taco I had, plenty of salmon.  great sauce with it .  loved the varieties of the menu.  cool place.  Will be back soon !
5	Excellent service, food to surprise your taste buds, very reasonable prices, very funky atmosphere
1	What happened? I came here once, about a year ago, and LOVED it. Food was good, and inventive. I went back with a group of girlfriends on May 8th, and had a TERRIBLE experience. The restaurant was obviously understaffed- for example- we ordered a couple bottles of wine, the waitress brought them out after about 5 minutes, but then we had to wait another 15  minutes for her to bring glasses and open the bottles! The glasses she brought were filthy, we ended up drinking wine out of pint glasses. That would have been fine if the food had been good, but everyone food was terrible. Tofu was dry and tough, chicken was overcooked, tacos were so greasy they left a puddle on your plate. Not sure I'll be coming back here again- so disappointed.
5	The 4 - 6 taco happy hour is one of the best deals in town. Every taco I've tried has been great. There are often good drink specials too.
4	Krazy Fish has a cool aesthetic going on... it reminds me a lot of a couple Outer Banks places, such as Goombay's or Tortuga's Lie. It's colorful, cluttered, and kinda fun.The service was friendly. Somehow, I managed to spill my drink (apparently I reverted to childhood), but the waitress handled it with good humor. This is worth a couple points in my book.Our meal took a little while to arrive, which seemed odd, given that we were having a late lunch and there were only a few other customers.  Once it did appear, however, it was satisfying. I ordered the salmon tacos, which were on special, and I demolished them in short order. Even more delicious was the jalapeno cheddar grits casserole. It was more like just grits than a casserole, but it was amazing. Thinking about it is making me crave another serving.I hereby endorse Krazy Fish with 4 whole Yelp stars. It's good to know there's a relatively convenient place to get my fish taco fix. No more going to NoDa just to get 'tude from the Cabo staff.
2	Decor is quirky and fun to look at, but food tastes like what my hippie roommate used to scrounge out of our first apartment's fridge. Like, oh, we have some fish sauce, taco spice, chicken, and dried mango - what can we make? Almost like the chef had heard about a cool, international dish and attempted to make it without using a recipe or tasting the results. My husband's salmon taco was decent, but my pho's flavors clashed so badly it was nigh on inedible and even my friend's fried food was overspiced.
2	I really want to like this place, but I'm not sure that I can.First of all, it's LOUD. We were meeting some friends there, and I walked in to see if there was a wait (and if so, put our names on the list). The hostess asked if she could help; I looked around and saw a few empty tables, so said "no thanks, I'm meeting some friends". She asked me to repeat myself, so I did. She still didn't hear me, so I repeated myself again. She asked yet again, so this time I almost screamed "I"M MEETING SOME FRIENDS AND WANTED TO SEE IF WE NEEDED TO PUT OUR NAME DOWN". She then gave me an "eat s--t" look for (I suppose) "yelling" at her. If it wasn't so loud, I wouldn't need to say it four times.Our waiter was super-friendly, but almost comically incompetent. He went around the table asking everyone for their drink orders. He told a joke to someone, then walked off without asking if I wanted anything. He walked by several times, oblivious to me trying to get his attention. He brought out the beers for the rest of the table, but never looked once in my direction. So I had to get up, walk to the bar and order the beer myself. I don't believe he ever even asked if it we wanted another round, either. So I guess you're only allowed one beer per meal at Krazy Fish. The old man would later bring our checks as five different checks (oh, I guess he COULD see me when it was time to pay the bill!). We were two couples and a friend; I guess he could have simply ASKED how wanted them separated, but no.OK, so the service sucks... but how's the food? I got the fried shrimp tacos. They were tasty, save for the "pink gold salsa", which the menu describes as "yogurt, honey, chipotle chilis and lime". To me it tasted like yogurt, corn syrup, high fructose corn syrup, cane sugar juice, liquid glucose and hot fudge sauce. Yes, it was overwhelmingly sweet, like a shrimp taco liberally doused in liquid cotton candy. It was gross. The mac and cheese, supposedly some of the best in the city, was OK. Perhaps I've heard too much hype, but I can make significantly better mac and cheese at home myself.I've been back a couple of times, and the experience was slightly better service wise, but I think this is the most overrated food in Charlotte.
4	I'd seen it on central and had plans to try it for a while but finally got myself over there. My fried fish tacos were fantastic. I think they might deep fry the tortillas too cause they were super flakey and awesome.I also had a cup of gumbo and some sofrito beans on the side that weren't really blowing me away but I'll be back for those tacos and to try some of the other stuff.
4	Krazy Fish was outstanding! It sits somewhere between Mexican and Caribbean cuisine. The atmosphere was extremely laid back (think pirate cove-esque). We sat in the tiki bar, an extra outdoor seating area (there are two). My handsome boyfriend had the Neptune Platter, which had a lightly breaded assortment of fried fish AND vegetables. I had the marinated ribeye fajitas. They were amazing! The meat was incredibly tender. The black beans were juicy and the rice well cooked. They even grilled the tortillas. I'm going back for more, but next time I'm getting the fish tacos.
3	I've been driving by this place for a while now, but I just haven't had the chance to try it out. So I came here with a friend and looked up their menu online and decided to give them a chance. First thing that comes to mind when I came here and saw their menu was that it was absolutely Krazy.Krazy Fish is a Southwestern Asian Fusion restaurant, at least that's how I would describe it. What surprised me was that even the menu had Pho, which is absolutely nuts to me. I ordered their bulgogi sandwich, excited to see when it was brought out that it was hearty and full. Sadly, even though the decorations were pretty and it was very creative inside, the food was a little bit of a let down. However, there was a nice twist on the mac and cheese as a side (I'll give you the details, it wasn't cheddar cheese they used instead it was a nice pepper jack cheese which actually gave the normal mac n cheese a punch!) The bulgogi sandwich was a little let down I must say though. The bulgogi didn't really have that bulgogi taste I was so used to at korean restaurants, however if they did marinate it right and had that kick and sauce pouring from that sandwich it would be awesome! I think I give them a thumbs up on knowing the path to take to make that sandwich awesome, however they missed it on the flavor. The beef tasted like just beef that was cooked, no where near bulgogi flavored beef. The Chipotle beef taco was supposed to be their version of the bulgogi taco (at least that's what they said) and it was yet again a let down. My friend and I also got the side item cactus salad, which was I don't know a little wild. It had a slimy texture and well it tasted a little exotic nonetheless. But, back to the topic of the taco. It was just beef with  chipotle sauce on top. This place is definitely a place to eat and have tacos as a side item, so I guess coming in here for lunch was a little off.Overall, I thought it wasn't too bad. They're almost there though, with that bulgogi sandwich. I'll definitely come back here and see if they change anything before I say anything. Without a doubt I think this place is a great place to drink though, and if I don't come back for lunch at least I'll come back for tacos and drinks!
3	The atmosphere is very relaxing. I tried the bulgogi tacos and the po boy. They are very generous with their portions. The macaroni and cheese was delicious and is a must have. The bulgogi tacos were good, although it lacked the bulgogi taste, but the taco shells were amazing. I also had their po' boy, but the sauce for it tasted a little bit funny. I would most definitely return to Krazy Fish to try out their diverse menu of fusion cuisine.
4	Because of it's 4 star rating on Yelp, my husband and I decided to visit Krazy Fish tonight. It definitely looked a little krazy, and maybe slightly questionable upon pulling up, but we were greeted by smiling faces and great music once we stepped inside. The interior is fun and gives you plenty to look at while waiting for your food. We started off with a watermelon margarita and sangria. The margarita was light, delicious, and not too overpowering in sweetness, but the sangria was average.We also ordered the ceviche & chips appetizer with a light white fish and pico de gallo. It was fresh, and a fun alternative to the typical chips and salsa. We wish there had been just a little more ceviche to go with so many chips.For entrees, we ordered the salmon tacos with bulgogi sauce and mahi mahi tacos with a cilantro butter sauce. Both came with two tacos, and they were large, especially for the price - in fact, I was full after eating just one, since we'd also had the appetizer. We both agreed that we would order each again. They were delicious! And from the looks of the menu, there are many more fun combinations to try. So many unique sauce and seafood options. Not only do they serve tacos, but also sandwiches, roti, and other chicken and seafood entrees. I should also mention that the cheddar jalapeno grits were the best I've had in a long time. Thick and flavorful! Next time we'll save room for dessert - either bananas foster creme brulee or the orange peel brownie!I've gotta say, after visiting Cabo Fish Taco once as well, I would return to Krazy Fish first!
1	Last time!  It was great to hear the manager yelling and cursing at employees while young kids are in the place!  Don't waste your time.  It didn't feel like the a/c was on.
4	I was hesitant to go .. but we were seriously impressed about the food.  It was DELICIOUS!!! I am def going back to try everything!! Its a mix btwn asian/ louisana flavor .... I do suggest everyone try it
3	This is my third review on fish tacos. I'm a snob when it comes to those.  I have been to Krazy Fish multiple times despite the food being just average. Why do I keep coming here? Taco happy hour!  Every day between 4-6pm you can enjoy any of the tacos for half the price, which comes out to be an order of tacos and a side for $4. How can you resist that? It's cheaper than going to the grocery store and making tacos at home! So I have had the ceviche, calamari, scallop, swordfish, chipotle beef (all in separate occasions). The scallop & swordfish are not on their regular menu. They were specials. Always watch out for those! As a ceviche connoisseur, it was disappointing. "Blah" is all I remember. As for the calamari, swordfish and  scallops, well... they all taste the same. Literally. "Deep fried something topped with slaw and side of your choice" is a pretty accurate description of what I have had here. It seems like their seafood by default deep fried which kills the flavor of the fish. Deep Sigh.Their menu is huge. And I would even say, too big. Their offerings are all over the place - they have barbecue, chicken, beef, pho, gumbo, wings and the list goes on... What an identity crisis! I have to admit that the chicken and chipotle beef tacos that I have tried are better than the seafood ones.  Which makes me think that name "Krazy Fish" is misleading. It is definitely not a seafood place because otherwise the seafood dishes would be the best things in their menu. and they are not. In sum, their food is alright. Good spot to visit for convenience. I don't think I would visit during non-happy  taco hours though.
5	Krazy Fish is a unique and fun Plaza Midwood restaurant that opened just over a year ago in April 2011. The focus is on seafood and spice and the global menu includes a multitude of tacos, roti (flour tortillas stuffed with a protein of choice, rice and a chosen "roti sauce"), sandwiches and salads as well as entrees like fried seafood platters and shrimp and grits. The decor is quite entertaining including lots of nautical chotchkes that put you in the mind of a beachside seafood shack.For lunch I was able to try both the special salmon taco - delicious with a tasty sauce - and the fried shrimp taco, which was also very good. The jalepeno cheddar cheese grits souffle was awesome and should not be missed. Many of the other side options look like great choices as well, especially the cactus salad which I didn't yet try. Service was friendly and fairly quick and our waiter steered us in the right direction with several recommendations. I look forward to returning to Krazy Fish to try more menu items - in particular the wings and the shrimp and grits. Also to note: every day tacos are half price from 4-6 PM - a great deal - and on Tuesdays bottles of wine are half-price as well.
3	I had the southern fried shrimp tacos. They were quite tasty. However they were made with popcorn shrimp which I feel should be noted on the menu. The Mac & cheese was so-so. We did have green curry mussels as an app though that were delicious!
5	mmmmnnnn.....Krazy Fish.  I must say, it's one of my favorite Fish Taco joints, and that's only a fraction of it.  I've had all the various assortments of Fish Tacos along with the Pork and Cuban Tacos.  The Flour Taco shell is so delicious and crisp, I could just eat that and be fine.  While I usually get some sort of fish, I opted for the pork on my last visit here.  Now, usually, I'm hungry within an hour of eating here but the pork tacos filled me up all night. I think the various sauces that come with the tacos is what sets it apart from the other fish taco joints.  It's not just the standard white sauce.  The most common sauce is the Pink Gold sauce which is very tasty.  I was recently taken a back with the blueberry sauce on the Pork Tacos.  It's not something that I would have thought would work but it does, surprisingly. I ordered the Mac'n Cheese as a side and it was just ok.  Nothing spectacular, a lot of goopy cheese.  I've tasted the jalapeno grits as well as the Squash Casserole.  I felt that the Casserole was bland and could have used a little spice and the grits were as you could expect, grits with Jalapenos.   I have heard that the Shrimp Gazpacho is awesome and it certainly looks that way.  It's huge!As far as Apps go, we've had the Tempura Veggies and the Chips/Salsa with Queso.  The veggies were a nice change for an App but the Salsa lacked a lot of flavor.  They offered two types, Gringo and Hot.  I felt that the Gringo was way too mild and heavy on the tomato. The Hot salsa was more of a smoldering heat.  It took a minute to catch up with you.  However, the Queso was good, hard to ruin but you appreciate it when you've had bad Queso.I hope to try more of the entrees next time like the Rotisserie Chicken but I'm always lured to the Tacos.....
4	I've driven past Krazy Fish countless times, never quite sure what type of food they served.  A couple of coworkers suggested we check out K.F. on a Tuesday after work.  Who says you have to wait until Thursday night to start your weekend?The thing about Taco Tuesday, is well, they have half priced bottles of wine.  Every day is taco day, as the tacos are 1/2 priced 4-6 p.m.  We split the potato cakes as an appetizer.  Delish.  I loved the Jamaican yellow curry sauce it came with.  I ordered the tuna tacos with pineapple salsa and devoured every last bite.  The tuna tasted so fresh and was really complemented by the pineapple.  Oh and the best part? The flash fried taco shell.  Totally worth it. Minus one star for the swarm of flies we somehow attracted to the outdoor patio. Shower much?Next time, I will be trying the pulled pork tacos with blueberry tamarind chutney.  Love the creativity of the menu! Great service, funky-fresh atmosphere, oh yeah, and two bottles of wine, an appetizer, and a meal for $13.  I've spent more than that at a Chick fil A!
5	They don't advertise that they have a happy hour from 4-6pm where the tacos are half off, and miller lite is $1.75 per bottle.. But my girlfriend did some snooping while I was here in Charlotte for my business trip.I have crazy greedy eyes so my mind told me to get 2 tacos. My stomach told me to stop after one plate, cause I was already full. Mind over body, and thus, of course, I had another taco. Got their Tuna Taco priced at $9.95 and the fried shrimp one at $7.95 (then you divide that by 2). The food here is good. Yes, get the Tuna Taco, but NOT the Fried Shrimp (highly disappointed). But the highlight are the sauces; they are what makes the tacos in my opinion. I had three of their different salsas: Salsa De Arbol, Pink Gold Salsa and Blueberry Tamarind Chutney. Pink Gold Salsa is a MUST! Ask your server to change it from anything that you would have with that. You won't be disappointed.For 2 orders of tacos and a bottle of beer, meal came out to $14 with tip and tax. CHEAP!
5	Got the Groupon and knew I was in for a treat.    Thank you KC for opening up another great eatery.   I have absolutely no complaints.    The Fried Shrimp w Sweet potato curry over potato cakes was Awesome.     Chips and Salsa, I had the gringo, pinapple and the roasted poblano I think, and couldnt have asked for any better.   I honestly cant remember the 3rd course name.   Something to the effect of seafood curry, with fried seafood on top, rice in the middle.   FREAKIN FANTASTIC!   fourth course was a mojito and some $1 beer.   Fifth course,  Bananas Foster Creme Brulee,   not eggy creme brulee,  more creme,   very very good.  and for the final course bc I just was not finished....   Yes  6th course!    The ribs, they were a special offering and lets just say I hope I didnt ruin my craving for smoked ribs that I was planning on doing this weekend.    KC does it again.   Even the smoked half rack was excellent!     If you remember Fat City, and you remember the food, you will want to go to Crazy Fish.    The mac and cheese is there, the squash casserole is there,  the corn bread,  and several other old recipes were on the menu.     Enough about the food.    The service was top notch as well.    Nobody was slacking there.    If I could remember the girls name I would give her commendations.   Young, Blond,  knows her menu quite well.   All in all.  You are  fool not to go try this place and if you do ENJOY.     Thanks Again KC.   Hate it you were at the beach but I will be back and will say hey to you then.
4	After not being able to get into Soul last night, we decided to try out Krazy Fish.  I've never been so glad to not get into a restaurant!  Krazy Fish has its own parking lot, which is nice in Plaza Midwood, and we were greeted as soon as we walked in.  The decor is fun and funky, and our waiter, Duncan, was friendly and helpful with menu suggestions since it was our first time there.  We tried the Krazy Grill with chicken, pork, jalapeno grits and squash casserole and the Cuban Chicken tacos with green beans.  It was all delicious!  I don't even like grits, but I couldn't stop eating these.  Everything had just the right amout of spice, and you can't beat the price considering how much food you get.  It almost felt like a Cuban Midwood Smokehouse, which is a compliment to both restaurants!
4	Decided to give this place a second try. Much better and on the rotation.Got the pork/brisket tacos with Grits Souffle, and Mac and Cheese. Everything was awesome.
3	Things are a-changin' at Krazy Fish...We have been to Krazy Fish several times... in fact it was the first restaurant that we ever ate at in Charlotte.  The first couple of times that we went, the food was great and the service was... well, it was interesting.  There were long, weird waits between courses and just generally took a long time to get food.  It wasn't enough to keep us away, the Red Thai Curry is that good!  A few months ago we got a groupon and went back to use it (just the two of us using a $40 groupon).  We actually had a really hard time using the whole $40 on just two people.  This should give you an idea of the prices.  We had the mussels (amazing), a crab po boy (if you like that type of thing) and the Thai curry + we had to order dessert just to use up our groupon. THIS IS NO LONGER THE CASE!We went to Krazy fish for, I dunno, maybe the 5th time (?) last weekend with some friends.  The patio was completely packed and there was no parking, but the inside of the restaurant was like a ghost town.  We sat out on the patio (we waited about 10 minutes) and upon sitting down I immediately noticed that their prices had gone up.  My favorite thai curry is now $17.95! That is a little steep, I think.  Also, my hubby was very underwhelmed by the portion size of his burger, which came with two spoonfuls of mac and cheese as a side.I wish I could do an exact price breakdown of how much the prices have gone up but the menu on Krazy fish website isn't working...  but just to give you an idea:Previous pricing:Mussels AppThai CurryCrab Po BoyDessert=$40 (almost exactly) (This trip we brought home leftovers from all courses but dessert)New pricing:Chicken wings AppThai CurryVery Sad Hamburger=$50 (This trip there were only leftovers of the Thai curry)I really like Krazy Fish, but I honestly don't see us going back anytime soon.  It has just gotten a little too expensive for what it is.  To be fair, the Thai Curry is one of the most expensive menu items, but I am pretty sure it used to be only about $12...
4	First time there. Went for the $5 BBQ, Wings or Jambalaya, and the $1 or $2 grab beers, but since we were seated in the roomy, back Tiki bar section, ended up ordering off the menu.  Loved the Southern Fish Tacos, and we still got the cheap beers.  Not to mention the free American Honey shots! Great service from Duncan, too!
5	Probably the best dining out experience I have ever had. Awesome food, drink, service, and atmosphere!
5	Came here recently with some local friends, and really enjoyed it. It is a laid-back place where you can eat well, and enjoy interesting food at a cheap price. I had the BBQ brisket tacos, and they were out of this world. And to keep it eclectic, I had to order the mac and cheese, and it was verrry good. And having foodie friends, we tend to share, and the pork roti didn't disappoint either. Also having New York City's famous McSorley's ale to wash it down, I love this funky joint, and while I do not live nearby, I hope to visit again.
2	Am I the only person who thinks that the food here is horrible? I stopped by here after voting for lunch. We ordered Chips with Salsa and Queso as an appetizer and sadly that was the best thing that we ate. My partner got the Schezuan tacos with cheesy grits and I got the Krazy pad thai. My pad thai was so greasy and the shrimp in it smelled shellfishy. Honestly, the smell of the pad thai reminded me of my wet dog and made me sick to my stomach. My partner who is usually not a picky eater couldn't even finish his second taco. Overall this place is overrated and I will not be a return customer. Not sure if it was because it was lunchtime, but the other user photos definitely do Not look like the food I was served. buyer beware.
5	Wow. Damn! The portions are large, the prices are good and the food is delish!! Great variety and incredible flavor. The owner is cool as shit
2	My wife & I are are always excited trying new places where sometimes a star and other times a dude.  Krazy Fish was a big disappointment.  My wife got the fish fry and with four of us at the table none of us thought the broccoli casserole they brought as a side even was identifiable as such.  Her mac & cheese side tasted like it came straight out of a Kraft box (Kraft is better).  Our queso appetizer was unimpressive as well as my shrimp & grits.We could not complain about the service thou.  We had a cute & bubbly teenage waitress who very friendly and stopped by often to ask if everything was OK.  The food quality just was not there.
3	I'll preface this review by saying I have only been here once and with their extensive menu options it is quite possible there are 4 and 5 star items to be had.First of all, from the outside, this place looks "crazy"...it reminded me of a trailer park or actually of my neighbor down the street that puts everything they can find that is tin in their yard and calls it good landscaping.  This place was like a junk yard with a fish theme but it was cool and certainly down to earth.  The inside decor remained consistent with the exterior.Our waitress seemed really happy to be there and even sat down at our table to describe the specials and featured items on the menu.  I got the "act" but it was over done and I wasn't much in the mood for it.  I can just picture the staff meetings in the mornings.."ok do what it takes for shock value, just act crazy kids!! Make it a super fun environment."Nah, it didn't bother me too bad and it was "fun" but my real pet peeve surfaced when the only menu choices she reccommended were the most expensive.  She went on to say "really for your first time in you have to go with one of the specials."  Against her wishes I went with the blackened tuna tacos that came with their house slaw and pineapple salsa on top.  They were decent but not amazing and maybe I am wrong in saying that for blackened tuna I expected it cooked through but it was really rare and cold...it just didn't work well as a taco.  I chose the squash casserole as suggested for my side and it was ok but lukewarm and not overly thrilling.We ordered the cheesecake brownie ala mode but there was nothing cheesecake about the brownie...pretty standard, nothing special.I give them credit for their creative menu and friendly environment but I won't make a habit of returning.  I will say it is worth going mid week when their tacos are half off...that may be more of a justified price.
3	Gawdammit. Having worked in endless kitchens, I know how things can get all mis-sorted. The strangest thing I ever found in my food were STAPLES at a curry place my friends and I have religiously eaten at in Brick Lane, London. Anyway. It's happened to us all before: HAIR IN YOUR FOOD.My friend had one of these Living Social coupons to this "eclectic", kitsy restaurant in Plaza Midwood, Krazy Fish. Place looked cozy, run by young, hip twentysomethingyrolds. Glanced in the kitchen, couldn't help notice the very earthy chef vibe, bit like at Common Market. Fair enough. Ordered a glass of white wine, and a special on the menu, Blackened Tuna tacos. I was actually pretty excited, until I got my food.Lo and behold, a hair! Tucked just on the side of a taco-- it looked flung from a greasy dread, or something. My friend noticed it, but since it was on her bill, I didn't want to make a fuss. I know it's the price you pay at these southern, homey places-- but it pretty much ruined my entire experience and I doubt I'll ever go back.Reminded me of an Applebee's I stopped over at in Richmond, and found a pubic-looking wrangle of a strand in my Carbonara. Trying not to vomit, I complained and all they offered me was 50% off and to remake my food. I was livid!! Why would I want to eat the same thing from your kitchen when my appetite's already been spoiled.Blecch.Rankings    # of times dined here: 1st    Cost of Bill incl. Tip: $15 for 2ppl (using Living Social)    Food Rating: 5/10    Service Rating: 8/10
5	I had a great experience here. I went when it was slow, but I was very pleased with the service. I had the Neptune patter that include shrimp, calamari, scallops, and tilapia fingers. The sides were fried broccoli, carrots, zuchinni, and red peppers along with steamed cabbage and carrots seasoned with Thyme. It also came with what looked like Jalapeno cornbread. Everything tasted fresh and had it's own flavor unlike some of the fried food that you get. They have a very diverse and unique menu and I respect an establishment that has the guts to do that. I will definitely be back.
4	My best friend in Charlotte lives in Plaza Midwood and is a big fan of seafood. And we've both found it difficult to find good seafood in Charlotte. So when he told me that he found a place where he had good Chilean sea bass and a lobster tail for under $20, I was pretty skeptical. But naturally, I was prepared to give it a try.So we went one evening in December around finals time. It was a cool spot. I wasn't really sure what to expect walking in. It wasn't a fancy place at all, but the decor had its own appeal and charm to it. It had a variety of streamers, lights and...well "flair." Like it or not, it's definitely not something you see everyday. Plenty of seating, a cool tiki bar, clean, terrific and attentive service...not sure if there was any outdoor seating though. But the highlight was the food. There were many cool options to choose from. They consider themselves soul seafood fusion and the menu options did not disappoint. The special was halibut with lobster tails and rice. Absolutely delicious. The best seafood that I've had in Charlotte. I also had to try the gumbo, because, well, I'm a fan of gumbo. And I'm now a fan of their gumbo. The meal was terrific and very reasonably priced. It was so great in fact, that I ordered shrimp and grits to go for my wife (who has to work late.) she was pleasantly surprised and loved it too! We can't wait to go back.
4	Not too shabby.Got a Groupon deal, and had to check it out.Food: surprisingly good. I had the Green Thai Mussels, curry taste and spicy that was good. For dinner, I had ordered the fried scallop taco special that had cole slaw lettuce and slather of mayo something that was delicious on a white flour tortilla. My husband had ordered me shrimp and grits platter for take home last month - and it was delicious!Place: strange.. Lots of different experimented objects hanging from the ceiling, with addition of street signs. But the venue did not deter me from entering the establishment with Groupon in hand and good reviews.Price: it is really reasonable. You can get good lemongrass dish for $12.99. All fish tacos are under $12. The only difference is the big seafood platter are a little pricier.Service: it was pretty good, but not A+. But if you need something, they can get you your needs quickly enough. It was busy around 7pm on a Sunday night, really?
2	We love this place, granted our first time was horrible due to lack of service. We come back routinely for our same dishes we always get and last night had the same service that almost turned me away from this place the first time. Last nights food was also off so i felt like i was in the twilight zone and i was at Crazy Fish but i wasn't at the same time. Idk who reads these but check the schedule for who was closing last night on the 6th of Feb and i would do some re-evaluating on the kitchen staff and wait staff. The older woman looked lost while the little blonde was running circles around her...needless to say we had the lost looking waitress. Basically fire everyone from last nights crew except the blonde waitress and you will be back on track!
5	This is hands-down one of my favorite places in Charlotte. Yes, it's a little weird. The menu is an unusual mesh of gourmet asian, rotisserie, soul food and fish.  That being said, anything and everything I've gotten on the menu has been out of this world.  It's imaginative and fun. Very well-thought out and insanely delicious. I always get the grill mix which includes the smoked meat and chicken (though you can pick your own meat combos). One of the best things though is the price. That's right. It's cheap. Less than you'd spend on a manufactured and plastic tasting meal at Applebees and the like. There are always great specials AND if that weren't enough; at the bottom of your receipts are discounts that you can collect to take off the price of your next meal. An all around win great for family time, friend time or date time. Even with the obscure fish sculptures staring at you.
5	amazing! you have to go, don't pass it up!
3	3 of 4 stars (good, casual food).(see explanation of ratings below)Allow at least 45 minutes.What to wear: a Hawaiian shirt or grass skirt.$11 per person, no dessert, no alcohol, gratuity not included.Former Pizza Hut converted into a funky, eclectic eatery and watering hole.Dishes range from Caribbean to Vietnamese to Southern.About my ratings:Only fine dining establishments can garner five stars.  Until yelp realizes that a fast food joint cannot possibly be ranked equally with a $100 per person place, I need to draw the line somewhere.  If we were only talking about the quality and presentation of the food, it would be a different story.  But, as we know, yelp's rankings take into account the entire dining experience.Therefore, I divide restaurants into three categories (and I wish yelp would do the same):1) fast food and "fast-casual" (no table service )2) casual and "polished casual" dining (table service)3) fine dining (linen napkins, no plastic cups, no TV's in dining room, typically more expensive than casual dining)Fine dining can earn a max of five stars.  Casual dining can earn a max of four stars.  Fast food can earn a max of three stars.
1	Been a few times, ordered the same thing both times only to be told just as everyone else's food is coming out that they were out of what I ordered.  My food didnt come out until everyone else was done eating and it was time to leave (part of my meal actually came out as we were walking out the door)...but I was still charged full price though!  I will not be back.
4	I really like this place.  It has kind of a quirky feel to it, but the food is great.  I think the tacos are one of the two best in charlotte.....and no, cabo fish taco is not the other...blah.  Anyway, I've been to this place 4 times now and have loved everything I've gotten.  They only thing i would stay away from is the steak.  My wife tried it once when it was on special and even though it was cooked well, it was very chewy.  I don't know if it was just a bad cut of meat or what, but stick with the tacos and you can't go wrong.  Also, make sure you get the jalapeno grits as your side...sooooo good!
5	I took a friend to Krazy Fish, and it remained excellent.  She ordered Southern Fried Fish Tacos and Krazy Slaw and enjoyed it very much.  I order a vegetable sampler again, and it was yummy....blackeyed pea salad, squash casserole, pickled beets and the stellar mac and cheese.  Our waiter was Mike, and he was exceptional at customer service.  He made sure the we liked our food and that our drinks were filled.  I am so proud that this restaurant is in my neighborhood!
5	Anothe great visit to the Krazy Fish- this time my first for brunch.  The brunch menu was nice, albeit a bit small.  One perk- all brunch dishes come with a mimosa.  We decided not to go that route and ordered crab cakes as an app, shrimp and grits as an entree and szechuan salmon tacos for entree.  All good as usual. Service was great and friendly.  Krazy Fish is a hidden gem- great food, great prices and an interesting environment that is definitely not too sterile or bland!
4	Good food, tight seating. Overall this place is great and right around the corner from the night life.
5	Krazy Fish is hands down my go to restaurant when I am trying to show off the best Charlotte has to offer. It's got a funky, fun, hippie atmosphere and it's laid back ambiance is really contagious, this is especially true for some of the people who work there. The staff is fantastic but make sure you go there with some patience, order 1 more drink than you typically would, and enjoy the experience. Their tacos are creatively delicious works of art. I've tried all of them and have yet to be disappointed. Same goes for their sides. My all time favorites are their beets, side salad and squash casserole. Those side choices might make me sound like an 80 year old man, but I just can't help it. They are too good. Little secret, if you love their Seafood Diablo (a heavenly mixture of Asian seasonings/curry with all the best seafood you can think of) and it's not a nightly special, ask your waiter if the kitchen would be willing to make it. They always have every time we've gone and asked. Krazy Fish always has some krazy specials, those paired with their menu have yet to disappoint me in the 30+ times I've been there. What ever the chefs were inhaling when they were creating their culinary masterpieces has me coming back for more and singing their praises.
3	I don't get to this side of town very often, but Krazy Fish has been on my bookmark list for quite a while... so when I happened to be close by around lunch time today, I decided to stop in and finally give them a try. I ordered the blackened mahi tacos but am not a fan of slaw, so I asked if I could get lettuce on the side instead.  Yay, not a problem here! The tacos came with a pineapple salsa that was quite enjoyable. The blackened mahi had a nice level of seasoning and the dish came with some sort of raspberry concoction to put over the tacos. Looked a bit odd, but the flavors went well together.  The only downside to my meal was the Krazy rice - it was rather bland. (Basically, sticky-ish  white rice with some carrots & peas but not a lot of flavor.)  I think next time I will skip the rice and try the jalapeno cheddar grits instead. Overall though, I thought the food was pretty solid and I would certainly come back to try some of their other dishes.
4	The food & service was excellent.  It's a fun place but I really wouldn't consider it Plaza/Midwood. The decor is bright/colorful & the ambiance is very casual.  I love the theme of food choices that range from tacos, pad thai & curry dishes. The variety of different flavors suits my pallot & I left very satisfied.  Tuna & Salmon Tacos were awesome!!!  Specials from 4-6 through the week, I believe.  They have a humble dining room & patio space for a fun place to hang with friends.
2	Went here based on Yelp reviews. Once again I  was let down in my search for good Mexican food in Charlotte. The fish tacos were so heavily battered and deep fried that I couldn't fool myself into thinking I was eating healthy by eating fish. The restaurant is very nice though. Food was decent. Much better than Crazy Burritos.
3	Great little quarky restaurant on Central Ave. I had the lemongrass tofu tacos which were topped with a blueberry sauce. The tofu was a little chewy but overall the flavor of the tacos were good. I ordered the mac and cheese to accompany the tacos which sounds like a weird chocie but I was craving some comfort food. It wasn't the best mac and cheese that I've ever had, but it did the trick. We also ordered the potato cakes which were filled with potatoes, peas, onions, and spices  pan-fried topped with Jamaican yellow curry and Krazy Slaw on the side. Overall the meal was ok. We sat outside on a beautiful night and had good service so that made it better. I'll have to try some other things on the menu next time I'm there.
3	Much Thanks to the Charlotte Magazine that was in our hotel room. It was the best of issue and we used it to go to a lot of places while we were in town including this one.We came here after picking my friend up from the airport and it was nice to sit out on the outside area and just chill. I had one of the Rotis and my friend has the tacos.It was good a nice sense of home cooking and the prices were really reasonable.
3	This place is so close to getting 5 stars, it's almost painful to punch it down to 3. But that's exactly where it is. The good: The wait staff is *awesome*, really laid back, on point, getting you what you need when you need it, with smiles, style and friendly banter. Our waiter was a very cool dude and we enjoyed his presence. We also like the atmosphere. The outdoor seating is a creative project of junkyard items sculpted and painted into what looks like blossoming garden all around you, and somewhat protecting you from the traffic on Central. And the menu is great. A nice mix of meat and vegetarian options, and some exotic variations on tacos. But, as with all restaurants, all of this is precariously balanced on top of the food. The bad: My wife got the blackened tuna tacos. They gave a *generous* portion of blackened tuna. And therin lies the problem. It was mostly just fish, slightly fishy fish and tons of it, juicing out and making the taco soggy. I got the potato tacos, which were indian spiced with a blueberry chutney. They tasted similar, but not quite as vibrant as samosas you'd get at an Indian restaurant. They were fairly dry, and again, it was just two large lumps of potato really. The blueberry chutney was very good though. Both of our dishes could have easily been kicked up a few notches to really round out a great experience. We will be back to give it another shot. The mixed bag of reviews this place has makes me think they have a few different cooks who aren't all on the same level. Seems to be a lottery whether you'll get amazing food or mediocrity. I find it to be that way at many Charlotte restaurants, and you know what? That's a real shame. Pick it up Charlotte.
2	I live very close to Krazy Fish and my boyfriend and I have been here many times. We used to love this place. The menu has many options and you can get a taste from all over the world. They also have daily specials, Sunday was my favorite for the fired chicken.However I am giving it two stars because the past year and half the service has gone down hill. This is really sad because they used to have really good food. The last few times we ate there it took over an hour to get our food, and it tasted old and not good. I do not know why this place changed from being ran well to how it is now, but I do hope they can get it together again one day.Sorry Krazy Fish, but it's 2 stars for now.
3	Went on a rainy Thursday for lunch. My brother got the chicken quesadilla and I got the Szechuan Salmon taco with bulgogi sauce and cactus salad. Our food seemed to take quite a while to get out, but at least we felt confident in its freshness. The quesadilla had a lot of meat in it. My salmon taco was very delish. I'm still amused by the combination of Chinese/Korean/Mexican. The cactus salad needed seasoning to me. My brother wasn't too impressed with the decor/cleanliness, and I have to admit, I think they put too much into decorating it and don't pay enough attention to simple sanitation. Their sanitation rating was hidden (I LOOKED for it), our silverware was filmy and overall, it really seemed to be a dive. I don't mind dives, but the concept is to APPEAR grungy, not BE grungy. I think whatever the customer comes into contact with should be CLEAN. I looked up the rating and it's a 95.5 if you're wondering.
5	Last Sunday my Dan and I revisited here for their Sunday fun day brunch. They have made some great improvements here. We first ordered the calamari and it was delicious! Then we ordered the mahi fish tacos and the pulled pork tacos, both were great and right on point. The service was wonderful. No matter what our experience the staff is always great. I really applaud them for the changes they have made and we will for sure be back. Thank you Krazy Fish!
5	This is the place you have been looking for. Great food, good price and fun
4	Krazy Fish had great food. For a side, you must get the macaroni and cheese. It was my favorite part of the meal. The meal was also really good. It was a little pricy, but still affordable. Our margaritas were mostly tequila, so much that we had to send them back to get more mix added, but I guess that's a good problem to have. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the atmosphere is fun on the inside. We really liked this place!
5	Get the pulled pork tacos!! Fun place to go on a Friday and relax.
4	Great tacos! Love the variety of food options. The cheesy polenta is a must have!
4	Great pulled pork tacos! Great atmosphere for hanging out with friends! Not quite in Midwood, but close enough.
5	Why has it taken me so long to review Krazy Fish!? I guess it's in line with so many other reviews of mine where I wanted to pitch my opinion as best as possible for a place I think is so awesome. And that it certainly is.Out-of-towners? This might be one of my favorite places to bring them. Especially if they're an out-of-countryer. This joint is so whacked-out. Think...remember the peyote cactus trip from the Beavis and Butthead movie? Yeah that. They've got some bizarre decor you really just have to see to believe. And outside they've done well to turn integral parts of cars into flower-like metal sculpture, a necessity to any tripper's garden.But where their garden lacks in legit, earth-grown greenery their kitchen does not. Vegetarian or vegan you can find an option. Plenty of cilantro, plenty of tomatoes and peppers. That's just a start. Seafood tacos are the way to go. Any fish you can imagine they'll have it in here sometime as the daily special. Sea bass, scallops, tilapia, shrimp. Fry it, grill it, broil it. Then toss it with veggies into a taco shell and coat it with a house made sauce like the pink gold - yogurt based sweet & spicey - or the blueberry chutney, which pretty much speaks for itself in excellence. If you're looking for a real fusion southern favorite, stand firm with the jalapeno cheddar grits which might well be their biggest claim to fame.Waitstaff is helpful and informative about the menu in general. In fact we were delighted with the friendly waitress who just plops right down beside you and guides you through the menu as if she were your new BFF. In reality I'm sure she just can't stand watching everybody else enjoy the food while she works. My only qualm is the location of Krazy Fish. Either Plaza Midwood needs to get to expanding down in their direction or Krazy Fish needs truck shop up beside all the goings-on. Imagine all the late-night Common Market drinkers that would wander in to binge!
4	After my first experience I decided to give them another try. And I was very happy that I did! I could honestly care less about the decor, as for me it has no affect on the taste of my food. This time I ordered the brisket tacos, and a side of mac & cheese (again). Hot damn if that wasn't some surprisingly good brisket!! My only complaint would be the sauce that it was topped with was a little too peppery for my taste. Although I'm sure next time if I asked I could sub the sauce for a different one. They also really improved on the mac & cheese..so I guess maybe my first visit was on an off day.
4	After having been thoroughly disappointed with Phat Burrito...I was a little nervous to check this place out.  With the stellar reviews, I was hoping I would not be disappointed, again.But I have to say....this place freakin' rocks! I love the decor and the food...OMG! I got the Bulgogi Beef tacos and my husband got the Southern Fried Fish Roti with Indian curry.  Both were wonderful with so much flavor.I'm definitely coming to this place again!
5	Love it! Superb staff, funky atmosphere and the food is out of this world.Had the Sea Bass tacos and jalapeno cheese grits... excellent.When can we go back?
5	Ken Foust here,The food here is the best.  I eat at other comparably priced establishments and, frankly, I have been surprised at how much more complex the dishes are @ Krazy Fish.  They have treated me so well as I live nearby.  Do pass up the opportunity to experience their Krazy Kuisine..
4	The service can be slow but the food is worth it. The home made salsa is delicious. The tofu tacos are one of my favorite meals when I go out. I also love the $1 mystery beers on Sunday night - they are draft beers so they aren't the cheap stuff. Also the grit souffle is  worth trying.
3	Pros: Fun atmosphere, very casual (borderline dive), attentive staff, relatively cheap.Cons: food just ok. Maybe I got the wrong thing (ceviche tacos). I'm willing to try again.
2	I had heard that this place was great so I was very excited to try it - especially when a Groupon came out. Sadly, I was pretty let down.  It's a cool spot, service is great and our waiter was really friendly, but the food was just not wonderful.  Everything tasted like it was spiced with the exact same spice mix, and it wasn't a great one.  Maybe we'll give it another try one day, but I wouldn't recommend it now.
5	Hidden gem. Great, quirky service. Good specials. Great specials. Not stuffy hip joint. Eat their food and drink their drinks, you wont be disappointed.
4	Walking into this place,  you get mixed emotions.....it def. looks like a dive and IS tacky, tacky but the smell is soooo alluring!  Staff is very attentive and down to earth....service is also very fast.  I wouldn't say I was wowed by the food but it was pretty tasty and you get a big bang for  your buck!  Boyfriend LOVED the tacos....I didn't but only bc I'm not a fan of celery seed in slaw.
5	Tried this with my girlfriend for the first time a few months ago and while I will always love NoDa's Cabo Fish Taco...... The fish tacos I had at Krazy Fish were somewhat MORE exceptional.   Tried the schezuen salmon tacos and the Cuban chicken tacos and oh man!!!! The salmon was delicious!!!!  Probably the best tacos ever!!!!  How I avoided this place is almost concerning so don't make my mistake!!! Get there ASAP!!!!
5	Krazy Fish is a great place to eat.  The tacos are delicious and have a variety of unique sauce options.  My favorite side item is the jalapeno cheese grits.  There is a brownie for dessert served in a large goblet with scoops of ice cream that is the perfect ending to your meal.  There is a nice large patio area for warmer weather.
4	Why, oh WHY did we wait so long to try Krazy Fish? When I think of the sublime shrimp and grits that I could have been stuffing my face with all this time...I weep for the loss.Funky vibe, cool and casual. Beer menu could use some work (not really anything special on tap), but the food was awesome. Again, I'd order the shrimp and grits again any day of the week. Husband's calamari tacos were, as they say, "off the chain". Prices are super decent, especially if you stick with anything that's not on the "Entrees" part of the menu. We're eager to hit them up for the weekday half price taco special sometime, since that seems like the best deal in Charlotte. How soon can we go back?
3	Went for lunch on a cold weekday. Place was pretty empty. Service was speedy, but atmosphere kinda lacking (cold, dark). Food was very good. No complaints about the standard "Southern Fish" tacos. Side of corn was disappointing --- pretty much canned corn w/ added spices.$2 Yuengling specials can't be beat.
2	I wanted to see what all the hype was about, but i was disappointed.  The food is okay at best.  It seems like they tried to create a fusion menu, but everything fell short (either too salty, or too sweet).
4	Yes, very nice.  Had the brisket tacos with a side of black eyed pea salad in honor of New Year's Eve.  Both very good but especially appreciated the salad.  Wife had shrimp and grits.  That too was very good.  Topped it off with a peach cobbler.  Nice atmosphere, great service from Chris.  Will definitely go again.
5	Oh geez....can't believe I just discovered this place!!! Came here Friday for lunch. Flavor explosion!My husband and I got $1 beers!I ordered the Schezwan Salmon tacos with the Squash casserole and my husband ordered the Southern pulled pork with BBQ and blueberry sauce with the japapeno grits for a side. Now, even though I am Southern through and through, I have never been a grits fan. These grits completely changed my outlook.....holy amazing!!! I actually ate most of my husband's when he wasn't looking! The salmon tacos were crazy flavorful and the blueberry sauce for the BBQ tacos was amazing!Great experience and will definitely be back.The waiter said that on Sundays they have complimentary mimosas......may need to check that one out! :)
3	Not too bad ! I dont want to just give a bad review and the fish was good. I had the Fried Talapia which came with a choice of side and I tried the Black Eyed Pea Salad wich was drowned in vinegar. The Fish was pretty good so no complaints on that. The waitress was friendly and the atmosphere was different. The Cole Slaw was drenched in vinegar as well so I may not come back. This my be my fault because I initially came here to try a fish taco and didnt so...... I will give it a 3 out of 5. Everyone is diff and its worth a try :)
4	Bottom line... Order the tacos, skip the entrees. I've been on the hunt for a legit fish taco joint after Cabo left me wanting more. What was ordered... - Szechuan Salmon Tacos. Yum. The salmon was nicely cooked and the toppings and sauce really complimented the fish. This dish is on the sweeter side. For the side, the jalapeno cheese grits were excellent. Super rich and creamy but I didn't get any jalapeno heat or flavor. I'd get them again. I really appreciated that the flour tortillas were lightly fried, which gave them a nice texture. - Blackened Tuna Entree... Small portion of "blackened" tuna. The fish was taco quality, not super high-grade. It came out overcooked and flavorless. Served with canned green beans, flavorless rice topped chicken gumbo. The best part of the meal was the starter salad. For $19, I was pretty disappointed at the plate that came out. They really should take this off their menu. I guess it serves me right for ordering something other than tacos at a fish taco place. I'll definitely be back for the tacos.
5	KRAZY FISH is KRAZY GOOD!  Don't be KRAZY and miss it!  I was in town on a business trip, found KRAZY FISH thanks to my HERTZ Never-lost- put in "Seafood", and when it was taking me 10min off the fwy, I hesitated, but pulled up the reviews on Yelp-and decided to drive on... and I am so glad I did! Now I'm going to call this my 50 First PLATES restaurant-- why didn't I find it before my gastric bypass surgery?!    Sooooo many delicious choices on the menu, it was too hard to choose just one--I had to have help from my very friendly waiter.  I also needed a "Miracle" margarita, which was just one of the mouthwatering drink specials on the menu.  I finally had to decide, but since I can only have small portions, I tried a cup (?huge)of gumbo (mmm-mmm) , and the Shrimp Curry appetizer. Lightly breaded & fried Shrimp in a Jamaican Yellow Curry Sauce with Potato cakes and a spicy slaw that set it all off perfectly.  It was a flavor explosion in my mouth!   Unfortunately or fortunately-however you want to look at it, most of it went home in a box, as I was unable to eat as much as I really wanted to!! (But I did get to enjoy it again later).Alas, my business trip was too short for me to return, but I did share my experience with my new coworkers, one said she and her friends go there all the time just for the grits- which is saying something!    The entire staff and owner are extremely friendly and welcoming, so hurry up-- you'll be KRAZY if you miss KRAZY FISH!!
4	I've been a fan of this place for a while. They have some incredibly creative dishes fusing Mexican with fish and some southern aspects. I typically get the pork tacos with their blueberry salsa and coleslaw. Their tortillas are always hot and fresh. I've been told they make them in house; I believe it. They're always airy and light. I also like their Krazy Rice as a side. I hate the name (it sounds like something you'd get at a kitschy rest area) but it's a sticky white rice with carrots and peas. Great flavor. Overall Krazy Fish has some great and innovative dishes and they're always consistent. I will say their service is typically slow so be prepared to hang around a while. Enjoy!
5	This is one of my favorite spots in plaza Midwood.   Never have I been let down by their food or service.   Their specials are always great and when I want to get my fried fish on I can think of no other place I'd choose in this city!!!Margaritas are awesome too!
2	When you come to a place thats this highly rated, you come in with certain expectations.  Don't.  Fish tacos here are a bit overrated and ceviche was just average.   The vibe was excellent but food was par at best.
2	I honestly don't know how this place gets such good reviews. I've been here twice and left both times extremely disappointed with the food.The two stars are for the nice staff and the good drink specials. They also have a nice outdoor area.The food, though, is way below par. I love Thai food. I love Indian. I love fusion. But this is just confused. It seems like all the dishes are very sweet and many of the "creative" dishes are just a jumble of flavors. Tonight, I ordered the Krazy Pad Thai and it was soooo sweet and vinegary I couldn't eat more than 2 bites. I won't even tell you what it smelled like.The waiter was awesome, though, and gladly brought out tacos instead. They were much better but still sweet, as were the beans.The $3 margaritas were a bonus, though, and LO seemed to enjoy her side dishes.Don't plan to return.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Plaza-Midwood, if not all of Charlotte.  My favorite dish is the tofu-lemongrass tacos, but everything I've had there is good.  I love the casual atmosphere, interesting decorations, decent prices, unique menu items (if you are vegetarian make sure they prepare your dish without fish sauce), friendly staff, community events, easy parking and comfortable patios!  I'm getting hungry just writing this... maybe I'll order takeout for dinner tonight?? :)
2	Perhaps my order was off...I ordered the Schezuan tacos. I don't know why. I'm usually down to try some funky creation or rendition of Latin food, but it just wan't working. I need to learn to stick to what I know. Venturing out the box is always going to be a hit or miss. That day... it was a miss. The salsas and chips were aight too. It wasn't memorable enough for me to comment on. My regular lunch crew didn't comment on the food at all. We just went on about our business sharing the goss. Perhaps I ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I'll take a gander at the reviews again and go with a selection that has been deemed popular by the masses, based on all the good reviews. Until next time...
3	I really debated on the number of stars I wanted to give this place. If I were basing it solely on one thing or another it might be different. First off we will talk about the food. We went in and sat at the bar and ordered the chips & salsa for an appetizer and they pick the different salsas for you. We got a pineapple, regular and the arbol salsa. The pineapple was good but not something I would normally dip chips into, the regular was really sweet but the arbol was my favorite. It tasted more like traditional salsa to me. We ordered the veggie tacos to split with a side of the jalapeno grits. The grits were amazing. They were absolutely delicious. The tacos were also really delicious, the veggies are lightly battered and the taco had an almost asian inspired flavor as well. The only complaint I have about the food is that while I was eating my taco I noticed that something tasted off, I looked in it and there was a piece of a fish. I am a vegetarian who occasionally eats fish (like maybe 5 times a year) so luckily it wasn't that I was allergic but I was still deeply upset about the fact that there was fish in there. It seemed careless that that could happen especially considering that someone could be allergic to it. I do realize that this is a fish establishment but someone should be able to order veggie tacos without fear of getting fish in it. The second taco in the order that my husband was eating also had a small piece of fish in it as well. The second factor for me was the atmosphere/service. We sat at the bar to eat since we weren't ordering much and didn't want to take up a table. The folks who worked there were very loud and didn't seem to care at all about what they talked about in front of the customers. There were several conversations happening that I wish I hadn't heard.I would like to try eating here again as the flavors were really good but perhaps I will order out and see if I have any more issues with the food.
1	Anything they say is vegan is not! Everything has fish oil, or oil that has been used to fry fish. There is a lot of cross contamination, and some of their employees are not being paid properly.
5	Impressed with this place. We were a little skeptical going in on a Sunday at 4 and not many customers. However the service and the food was excellent and I will return. Service was awesome as well.
4	Great service. Friendly and welcoming atmosphere. Mussels in green Thai curry..phenomenal. wings a little salty for my taste but were still good.
5	Been to Krazy Fish three times now and it has never disappointed!  The staff is funny and super helpful, drinks plentiful, and most important the food is great.  So glad they're in the neighborhood.
4	Went back again and had great service and food. We tried different menu items and left satisfied again.
5	Fantastic place! Five of us went Friday night. Not only was the food great, but our server was a pleasure as well! We will definitely be back!
5	One of the many things that I love about the Queen City is that 3 of our favorite restaurants are former Pizza Huts (as a local government nerd, I'm a huge fan of adaptive reuse) -those establishments include: Koishi, Moosehead, and Krazy Fish. I'll review Koishi and Moosehead later (if I haven't already)...Krazy Fish is one of the places in CLT that we always take our out of town guests. We take our guests there for a number of reasons: 1) we like to show our friends and family Plaza Midwood and tell the story of the neighborhood's renaissance and how the residents helped to transform a neighborhood in decline into a truly vibrant community; 2) I love the atmosphere inside the restaurant ranging from the mannequin mermaid in the middle of the dining space to the sasquatch statue on the large round table near the bar; 3) the staff are fabulous -the waiters are all passionate about the food they serve, make great recommendations, and provide fabulous customer service; and 4) the food is absolutely out of this world! Who knew that Pan-Asian/South American/soul food could result in such an amazing fusion?!?! I have to admit I was skeptical the first time I read the menu, but oh my goodness- the fusion is pulled off what has to be divinely inspired fashion!If you haven't been to Krazy Fish yet, do me a favor and go there. In addition to great food, they have a nice local beer collection; serve some really creative cocktails -including a mean bloody mary. Go, now... stop what you're doing and treat yourself to the best fusion restaurant in Charlotte!
5	Still Krazy for KRAZY FISH!  I returned to Charlotte on another business trip, and had to make it back for some more Krazy Fish food! I went with coworkers, one who'd been there several times and loves the grits (and they know grits).  We showed up on a Monday evening for dinner, but were sad when we discovered they are now closed Mondays. But before I left town, I made the drive out again and was not disappointed! From the $1 'mystery' beer to the tacos and grits my friend demolished, to my Red Thai Curry-everything was delicious and flavorFULL. They throw down in that kitchen!  Our waitress was very nice, and my favorite  waiter from February even remembered me, making our dinner even more fun. Great food, so many choices, drink specials, great service-what are you waiting for? Grab a hungry pal, get in the car, and get over to Krazy Fish now!
5	The food here is terrific! I ordered the BBQ sandwich with macaroni and cheese. All of it was delicious. Most surprisingly was the pickles that came with my plate. I've always hated pickles, but my boyfriend encouraged me to try these because they are unlike anything he'd ever eaten. The pickles were like tangy cucumbers. They had more of a consistency of cucumbers, less like pickles. They were fantastic. We also had the chips and salsa appetizer. The pineapple and mild salsa were awesome. Everything I ate was delicious and filling. The server was friendly and attentive without being overbearing and fake. It was cool of him to give us to-go boxes for our food and the salsa. Also, the interior design and decorations of the place were intriguing. I can't wait to come back.
4	We first went here with friends for half price tacos.  I had shrimp tacos and grits.  I had never had a shrimp taco before and it was just divine!  There were two tacos, dressed with cabbage and a spicy pineapple salsa.  I do not eat grits, but thought I'd give these a try because of the cheese and jalapeno in them.  These grits are to die for!  They are creamy, cheesy and have just enough kick to be a little hello in your mouth.  The service our first visit was a bit show, even though we were the only guests there.  We were all out of beverages so I walked up to the bar to request refills and reorders.  The owner was standing there and completely flipped his lid, screaming and yelling at staff who were out back smoking.  LoL. The service for way better, even though I was mortified!  Since then, we visited almost weekly for a variety of foods and great drink specials.  The good is always fresh, the flavors and good are consistent and enjoyable, and the service had been well above average.  If you're looking for a really casual place with an outdoor eating area and a separate outdoor bar.  This is the place!  They have great food, great prices and specials, and a variety of foods made well and they are very consistent with good service.
2	For me just so-so. I have been twice and both times ordered the shrimp. A taco and the po-boy and both times it looked and tasted like the shrimp came from a can. The atmosphere and staff are nice so I hate to rule it out. I may try brunch but will not go out of my way.
5	So a ton of friends recommended this place to me- I finally went and I was not dissapointed! It was really delicious. I got the salmon tacos- and my husband got the buffalo shrimp taco- it was also really amazing. From the outside you might think idk this looks like a meh place... But trust me just try the food and you'll realize it's a fantastic place. Our waitress was also incredible.
5	Krazy fish is crazy good. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Charlotte and if you've been then you know why. The food here is nothing less than delicious and the staff is great as well. I had the salmon tacos with the jalapeno grits and calamari app. Hint: make sure you get the honey wasabi sauce with the calamari. Everything was full of flavor and very fresh tasting. Best tacos in Charlotte for sure and they come with a side so you definitely won't go home hungry. If you haven't been here then I strongly suggest you go asap!
5	I strongly recommend the wings, potato pancakes, and tacos. All are great. The mystery beer isn't half bad either. Krazy Fish is just a great place to eat.
5	Just sat down and was immediately helped.  Drinks came fast and our food shortly after.  Definitely recommend the fried calamari tacos and seafood creole!  Our waiter was excellent. He was fast in bringing our food and drinks.  We had a good conversation like if we had known each other for years! Eating outside on the back patio, very nice atmosphere!  Recommend to anyone craving some crazy seafood dishes!
5	Nice find! Me and the hubby were in the area and decided to pop in for a late late lunch based off some recommendations from a coworker. I had the blackened tuna taco's, my husband had the salmon taco's super delicious! We also got the side of grits and Mac-n-cheese, to die for! Definitely give this place a try!
5	While the location and decor are casual with a hole-in-the-wall feel, the food is anything but. Tonight we had the Thai curry mussels that would rival anything you get at a top, high-end restaurant. The tacos all are amazing and each have a sophisticated flare to them. I love the cheddar grits. Seafood is fresh and for a min, we forgot it was Charlotte.
4	Today was my first time at Krazy Fish.  I must first say we had a great waitress named Bonnie. Not only did she help us make up our minds but really knew the menu. I ordered crab cakes with the corn along with veggies followed up with the special lobster bisque. The Bisque was AWESOME! At first glance it can be some what not appealing but the taste was amazing. The crab cakes weren't lump cakes but a good balance of filler and crab. The corn was a "Mexican mix blend" which wasn't anything special but still good. The vegetables had a bit too much minced garlic but cooked perfect. All and all I would say give me the crab cakes with a huge bowl of bisque . Yum!My one friend had the special salmon cakes. Definitely had an Asian fusion blend to it. They were good but definitely had something different in my mind. She loved and raved about the squash casserole . Spicy! She also had the Mac n cheese which was good but not killer.My other friend had the shrimp and curry potato cakes. The shrimp was delicious and I am not a curry fan so can't advise against anything more.For an app we had the calamari . It was hot and oh so yummy.Will definitely be going again!I believe Tuesday through Friday from 4-6 you can get half priced tacos .... A good selection of different tacos available. It's a must try! A little hidden treasure.
5	Yum!!! Amazing!!!! Food was great, service was amazing, shocked that I have never been before! Drinks were great too! I had the salmon cakes with the squash casserole! I tore that casserole up, delish!!!!!
2	I have driven by here on my way to work every single day and always wanted to try it.  Finally tried it this week.  I really really really wanted to like it.  It looked different with a cool vibe to it that I thought my family and I would enjoy.  I cant complain about the service.  They treated us great and the food came out quickly.  The food however disappointed us.  My son had a burger which was incredibly dry.  For him to leave a burger half eaten told us something since he's usually a vacuum cleaner when it comes to food.  My wife's fish tacos were also really really dry.  Her squash casserole was really really bad.  I had a taste and needed to down it with water in order avoid gagging.  No joke.  My plate was fine but nothing great.  Not bad, but not great either.  I had a seafood creole platter.  All in all, I hate to say we probably wont be coming back for seconds.
5	We come back here again and again, even though it's a 45-minute drive from our home. Visiting relatives or friends? Krazy Fish and then Amelie's for coffee. I've never had a bad meal here. The staff is great and the food is wonderful. Fish cooked to perfect tenderness. If you get there and order before 6 you get half-priced tacos with a your purchase of a beverage. I wouldn't call it Mexican, though. More Caribbean. OH...and WAY BETTER THAN CABO FISH TACO! just sayin'...
4	Gone past Krazy Fish so many times.  It's a diamond in the rough of Central and it always sort of jumps out at you...but then it's too late and you're past it.  Well today we made a u-turn, and it was well worth it!LOVE the artsy/hippy vibe that is visible in the art, music and menu.  This place blows Cabo Fish Taco out of the water - SO yummy!  Give it a try!
