5	Good service and great selection
3	Location: Atwater Market - the entrance is facing the street. Service: Nothing to write home about. The staff wasn't overly friendly and no recommendations or suggestions were made even though I mentioned that I had never been there before. Chocolate: I handpicked my own flavors (nine, in total) based on what I thought I'd like. They do have some interesting choices like Coco-Coriander and Apricot-Lavender, however taste-wise, I wasn't really impressed. I found some of their flavors to be overly sweet for my taste, and in some cases it just seemed like I was tasting the sugar. I did love the Raspberry flavor though, as well as the Pistachio. That being said, I still prefer Suite 88 to Privilege, and nothing will top ChocolaTas in Vancouver, for me. They are all about quality and taste and it shows. They offer a variety of bulk bags that I assume are used for baking (Baking? What the hell is that?), as well as bars in dark, milk, white and butterscotch. Since everyone has different ideas about what makes chocolate good, I suggest you try them out and decide for yourself.Price: Average to expensive. A box of nine will cost you $13.
4	Visits: 1stRating: 4*This review is just for the macaroon since that's all I had. After several disappointments with cakey macaroons at other establishments, we finally found good macaroons with chewy centers. I had the pistache & noisette. Both delicious!
5	If you want to experience an amazing chocolate shop, this is the place. Sat down and had a eclair au chocolat and it was simply amazing. The chocolate filling was soft and subtle and not to overpowering. Also, the texture was quite creamy, and didn't have a crystallized flavor of other similar fillings. I also had a brownie, which was amazing as well. The ambiance is of my liking, as it is located at Marche Atwater, where you can see the world go by. If you want to sit, relax, have a coffee and chocolate, this is the place to go. Their artisan chocolates look pretty darn good as well.
3	Got the macarons here, and for $8.95 (tax included) for 6, it was a good deal... except the macarons were substandard.They weren't as sweet / as bad as La Maison Christian Faure (MOF) in Old Montreal, nor as sweet as the ones in Point G, but they aren't up to the standards of the ones sold by A La Folie around the corner of Point G.These macarons were just.. all right. The pistachio had no ground pistachio in it, it was just the essence of pistachio, the yuzu one ended up being a buttercream (YUCK!), the raspberry was too sweet and too jam-like, and the caramel was just.. OK.Maybe the chocolates are better but the macarons were disappointing.
