2	I'm going to disclaimer this review & the 2 stars from the start & say that I almost always despise buffets. So if you actually enjoy the buffet style (which boggles my mind), then you may actually think Dragon Buffet is worthy of a higher rating. But the combination of buffet & Chinese (also another non fav of mine) doesn't really bode well for this review.The food actually does taste pretty good for buffet food, from orange chicken, to beef & broccoli, to all your favs, they have quite a bit on tap. They have the usual rice options, & I actually enjoyed the vegetarian egg rolls. But I wouldn't recommend the ice cream, it's just a little too dicey for me. So they do have plenty of options & I'm sure a Chinese buffet fan would love to peruse the options all lined up for the taking. And along with the set price & rapid quick seating & service, I can see why people keep this place quite packed.I probably won't be heading back here anytime soon, but they do have plenty of Chinese food options for a good price. So bring your appetite along with an open mind (if you're like me).
4	Assuming you're looking for a Chinese buffet (Why else would you go somewhere named "DRAGON BUFFET"?) you'll find satisfaction here.  The place is clean and the decor is pleasing.  The selection is pretty good and the location is convenient.  I like to come here when I get burned out on Royal Panda (also nearby).  Try the Indian Chicken and the Mongolian Beef.  Both are very good!
3	This was one of the smaller chinese buffets I have seen. Everything was pretty decent. The sesame chicken stood out to me and everybody and their mama was loading up on the butter shrimp. The lunch buffet is about $8 and that seems pretty fair.There were no major negatives. It's a solid place. But it's by no means outstanding. Nothing made me think to myself that this was going to be in my regular rotation.
3	I've visited Dragon Buffet a handful of times and it's been the same experience every time - consistency is key.The chef is out at the buffet tables often and it's rare that any tray goes nearly empty for long, even as late as 8pm.It's not high-end Chinese food, but it is pretty good for buffet quality. Don't miss the Black Pepper Pork, the Indian Chicken or the Mongolian Beef. All are quite good. The rest is only so-so.Several of the battered and fried chicken bits in assorted sauces I have seen at other buffets, which I skipped. The baked crab is so greasy and oily, I skip that too.They do sometimes have spare ribs but the few times I tried them, I found them overcooked and with too much "char" on them as well as being more of the "end" cuts rather than the meatier "center" pieces. The wontons are not fried and they do have dim sum on the steam table.The dessert bar is okay with the usual banana pudding, seriously chewy macaroons and a bunker of self-serve ice cream.At less than $10 for dinner, it's a pretty good bargain.
4	I have gone to Dragon for several years and the food has always been pretty good for a buffet. The food is always the same, but has always tasted pretty yummy. They make sure the food is always stocked, their servers are friendly, and the price is under $10. There really isn't a whole lot to say, it's a buffet. It is the best buffet in town and I highly recommend going! Just make sure you go after 12pm because it's pretty packed and it can get hot in there.
4	I dont mind a good buffet, although when I see too much food spread out all at once, I mysteriously lose my appetite (?) But Dragon buffet is one I will always fall back on when Im hit with a sudden asian buffet craving.  I love their buttered shrimp, although you have have lady luck with you when they bring them out.  People pile them in their plates higher than the himalayas!  I mean, c'mon people, Im right behind you praying that Ill get alteast 2 pieces!  But they are that good.  Greed will take over when you taste them.  I also get the green beans, which they load with garlic (a good thing if you dont plan on a smooch-fest later), soy glazed mushrooms, a fake crab casserole, scallops with zucchini, etc.  Soups are yummy too and they even have a dumpling section (but its pork, so I didnt taste it).  Sometimes they have Singapore noodles, which has a good curry flavor other times its just lo-mein.  They even have sea bass and salmon on the buffet (not all the time, I guess its seasonal) They offer good options for vegetarians and pescatarians like myself.  I didnt bother looking at the other protein dishes but they're good and plenty.  Crab rangoons are too cream cheesy, but doesnt stop me from eating them.  A good deal for under $8.00 for lunch.
4	I wanted Bill Spoons today, but didn't have cash and was too lazy to drive to an ATM. I'll see you next time Bill, next time. So, Chinese it was! 3.5 stars to no avail so 4 it is. Dragon Buffet isn't the greatest place, but its far from being the worst. It is though, my preferred Chinese restaurant in the Billy Graham area. Typically, I too normally avoid Chinese buffets, less tin tin. Dragon Buffet though, is a restaurant in which I prefer the buffet. All of the dishes I've ordered off the menu here have been horrible. Orange chicken was atrocious. The sauce they use for their sweet and sour dishes taste nothing more than diluted strawberry jam. Hot and spicy beef was lacking the spicy and the flavor. So, I avoid the menu altogether and go straight to the buffet - even for my to go orders. Their buffet offers a nice variety of items. Mongolian beef, sesame chicken, and the usuals etc. but I have my favorites:#1 is the buttered shrimp. Can't go wrong with tempura fried shrimp! #2 is the Indonesian or Malay chicken..I think. My memory fails me worse than I failed the series 7. I forget if it was malay or indonesian and I was just there an hour ago, lol. #3 is the fried rice. Abnormally brown as heck, not the greatest tasting and greasier than fried chicken, but dang I can't get enough of it. #4 (kudos if you caught this earlier, lol) is the fantasy chicken. I can only eat one or two pieces though. This chicken is made in a sweet, I think mayonnaise type sauce. Very strange, and unique. It isn't the greatest, but different. And all else, I get a sampling of the potatoes, mushrooms, and cabbage. Sometimes I get the imitation crab bake that looks like a casserole. This too has some type of sour cream or mayonnaise sauce. It is unique but isn't for everyone though. They have been recently offering pad thai at the buffet. But the pad thai is made with clear vermicelli noodles. That should be a crime. It looks strikingly similar to a Filipino dish called pancit. In fact, it taste more like pancit than pad thai too. Skip that. Today I also saw a new item, the shrimp biscuit. Dough stuffed with some type of shrimp and mayonnaise concoction. Different again, but I didn't like this one. I also asked for a cup of hot oil/chili today. It was interesting. Call me crazy, but it tasted like the chili on the outside those mexican mango chili lollipops. I dunno if that's a bad thing? To go orders at the Buffet cost $3.95 a pound. If you splurge, you might end up with a $15 dollar to go box. If you only get what you want and don't fall victim to temptation and pack a sampling of everything thats out, you can make out pretty well. edit - service is always good here.They are very friendly and the restaurant is very clean too. All in all, Dragon Buffet isn't the best chinese place, but I've acquired a taste for it and can't seem to get enough.
3	I am not a fan of buffet but the food was not bad. The place seems clean and the waitress just can't wait to take your empty plate away. So sure I'll come back... some time next year. And no, won't write home about the experience.
5	After spending the day at Carowinds, Our Family decided to eat here after searching YELP for a buffet style restraunt to eat at.  Prior reviews seemed favorable so Dragon Buffet  was the choice. Easy access off 485 & Tryon.We arrived around 3:30, no waiting and only a couple other families were eating.  My wife and I, along with our 5 boys ( 17, 16, 14, 10 , 7 ) were seated, ordered our drinks, and then went to the bufett.They have a great selection, including Sushi. The food was great, some buffets the food is dried out from sitting so long.the staff was very attentitive to the buffet, keeping it clean and stocked.Desert Bar and 4 selections of Ice Cream!the restraunt itself was clean and attractiveThe best part was of course feeding a family of 7 for $54I do not know if prices change in the evening, but I can say Dragon Buffet will be a regular stop for us when we are in the area!
3	Dragon Buffet is a decent, competitively-priced Asian buffet that is within close proximity to my office.The buffet is almost entirely meat.  Don't get me wrong; their selection of different Asian style meats were great, but I would have appreciated more choices of vegetables other that just buttered broccoli and limp cabbage.  My favorite food from the buffet was their their "baked crabmeat".  It was imitation crab, but still tasted great.  Good thing I'm generally a fan of cheap white fish.Their service wasn't the best.  While we were being seated, our host got distracted by something and just forgot about us.  Our waitress got my friend's drink order wrong, too.  All this must have been due to the fact that the place was filled nearly to capacity.At $6.95 for an adult weekday lunch buffet, I'll certainly give Dragon Buffet another shot.
4	I am not a big fan of buffets, but my 13-yo son adores buffets, especially Chinese food buffets so we frequent Dragon Buffet almost on a monthly basis.  We have tried just about every Chinese Buffet in the area and, with the exception of the expensive (but well worth it) Tin Tin, Dragon Buffet is our favorite.  We have dined there at various days and times and the food is consistently good.  It is also very reasonably priced, since they don't have crab legs.  The restaurant is very clean, the service is very good and the food is always fresh.  Give it a try...you won't be disappointed.
4	I come to this place a lot. My favorite Item that has me tossin in the bed like i'm going through withdraws are the BUTTER POPCORN SHRIMP. The butter shrimp here will make u "wanna slap yo momma"Service is FAST.I've had everthing on the buffet.. EXCEPT the sushi, salad bar (u should see it..) & desserts... I DON'T have ONE sweet tooth in my mouth.. wierd huh??the dinner prices are about 7.95 i do believe.Lo MeinBeef & BroccoliSpring Rollshey... u get the picture. They also have a little window where you can see them cooking. Cant beat that right??*** I've heard some music in here that made me wonder if they were trying to be funny or Muzak was on strike.I've read "This place isn't bad to be located in a strip mall" soooo many times it makes me wonder why is THAT a issue. FOODIE SHRUGSlike Andrew Zimmer says... if it looks good...... EAT IT!!!CHEERS
4	I dont really go to buffets, mostly because the food sits out a long time if there arent many people at the place. Dragon Buffet is different. This place is very busy at all times. I have never eaten inside at the table. Always takeout. It is such a steal. My boyfriend and I go, grab a to go box and fill it up. Usually with their perfectly steamed rice, bourbon chicken, great broccoli and usually some of the good ol General Tsao chicken. We fill up the box and we both eat for under 11 bucks. To sit is much more but still totally affordable.
1	First of all its chinese then buffet.I was here with my collagues, oh my ...i dont know what they are using instead of meat. its was lack of spices than no way to hide the poor quality of the meat. And long line...i really dont understand people. Chinese food needs attention. And should be always prepared as orrder. Not like buffet and waiting on the counter too long. I wont be back and will make my collagues not to come back again neither.
5	Amazing place to eat. The food is fantastic and cheap. You may not want to go on Sunday afternoons because it always has a large church crowd.
3	food was good not great, the butter popcorn shrimp was better the other places. Cost was averge we dined in and try most of the food. Was standard mixed buffet. not a lot of asian food, sushi was not good.  The place needs make over dull and no shine to the place.
3	For a Chinese Buffet, this place isn't that bad! Lots of choices, food usually fresh and hot and the restaurant is clean. If I am looking to eat a variety of Chinese dishes, I usually come here. If I am craving a particular dish, there are better places to go.
3	Good, cheap chinese food.  All you can eat for lunch on a Sunday for $7.95?  Sure!  Why not?!  You can also take out food for around $3.50/lb.  Nothing particularly special, but clean and nice staff.  Food is refreshed regularly so you are not staring at empty trays.  The fantasy chicken was something I haven't had before and I was pleasantly surprised.  It could use more desserts in my opinion, but having apple pie a la mode satisified my sweet tooth.
4	They do serve carry-outs, meaning you fill out whatever you want off the buffet - and they weight it.  Price won't break the bank - for sure! :) I really could not dine inside and stuff my mouth, for the sake of dollar's worth. Feeling so bloated afterwards. Buffet carry-outs defy IS worth every dollar AND I still can save some for later in the ref. :)
2	I was not impressed by this place at all. The food was strange and there was no sushi. I probably won't be coming back here again.
3	Not the largest of buffets, but what is available is tasty.
4	Good food for a buffet.  One of the better Chinese Buffets in the area.  This is not a place to go if you want sushi, because while they have it, it is not a center piece, but a after thought.  They have some of the better crab rangoons that I have had at any restaurant.  3 serving islands with hot food.  The popcorn butter shrimp is very good.  The Egg Drop soup is hit or miss, the days that it is on it is great, the days they are off, it is like yellow water.  I also recommend the pepper pork, Mongolian beef, and chicken and broccoli, as they are all good.  Of course my 4 year old son always wants to go because he gets the ice cream dessert.
3	Great food compared to others I have been, right next to Walmart and the the bus!
1	Worst food ever for health conscious eaters.  Most of the selection was too greasy and had way too much breading, with very little healthy choices of fruits and veggies. The sushi was a lame effort. Indigestion lasted 15 hours.  Don't go.
4	Food is fresh and good!  If you like asian buffets, this is one of the better ones.  Lunch is always full, but they move people in and out fairly quickly.
3	Hours later and I'm not sick. This place gets the mediocre at best award.
3	Not the best chinese buffet I have ever been to, but it gets the job done when it comes to buffets as all chinese buffets do.  Cheap for lunch and only a little bit more expensive for dinner although I don't think you get anything extra with dinner.  You will leave with a full stomach that wishes you hadn't eaten so much.
4	This place is legitimately decent compared to a lot of Chinese buffets in Charlotte.  First of all its a clean and cozy atmosphere.  The coconut chicken is awesome, butter shrimp is awesome.  My only knock is they don't switch up the menu at all and put different things out there.  I'm sure they are trying to save money and not have to buy tons of product to keep switching out....but still.  I'd like to see a few more dishes with shrimp or even something with scallops.  I will continue to eat here when I cannot afford Tin Tin.  This place deserves a solid 4 stars for a Chinese buffet....start varying the menu and I will give you a 5.
3	This restaurant has the most presentable and clean dining area compared to other Chinese buffet restaurants. I will rate the physical aspect of the restaurant as 4 stars. The food tastes okay but not to a point where you will look forward to eating the same food in the near future. I'll give the food taste 3 stars. In terms of the food offered, there's not much you can select from. For the food menu and selection I give it 2 stars. But what about the $$$? I give it 5 stars. You can't complain much with $8+ dinner. Am I going to come back here? Yes why not. It's cheap!
1	I didn't like the food at all and the ambience isn't great either I wouldn't recommend this to anyone
2	A ok place for work lunch.
2	Unpredictable each visit.  Checked the county health code web site and decided to stop going.
5	This was one of the best Chinese buffets I've been too, the  chicken tasted like good chicken all very fresh and juicy nothing was dried out. Great crab Rangoon that is one of my favorite things at Chinese restaurant and those were the best I've ever had. The fantasy chicken was incredible. I enjoyed every piece of my meal from beginning to being able to scoop my own strawberry & cookies and cream ice cream :) yumm. The only thing that would make this place better is if the wait staff were more friendly.
5	Love this place. Once a month we always order take out (2) orders of Beef with Broccoli with White rice, (1) order of chicken wings & crab rangoos. Love the taste!
4	By far our favorite Chinese buffet.  We will not go to any other buffet.  Highly recommend!
4	For $6.99, it is a solid lunch spot (and probably the cheapest around for chinese buffet). They have all the basic items. I particularly enjoy the spring rolls they offer here (looks like a firecracker stuffed with minced meat). Their entree choices do not all taste alike (thank goodness), and you can easily get your month's worth in 2 trips (or even 1).
4	Stopped in for lunch a couple of days ago and was pleasantly surprised. The price was definitely right ($6.99 for lunch M-F). I believe it had 3-4 food islands to choose front, which was smaller than my favorite buffet in Kannapolis, but the food was delicious and fresh. Nothing tasted like it'd been sitting there for too long. My favorite was the fantasy chicken. I wasn't sure what to expect but it was superb. It's hard to find a chicken dish on a buffet that's all white meat, and this was. My only complaint was the service, which was seriously lacking. Heaven help you if you need anything after you've been seated, such as a drink refill.
