3	Michaels is one of my favorite stores for art and craft supplies. The layout is similar to other Michaels I've been to back in Northern California. Unfortunately, nothing really stood out with this Michaels. I just browsed through the rubber stamps and the scrapbook section. The Christmas clearance section was a bit small. I didn't buy anything.
2	Unfortunatly there aren't a lot of craft stores near me, so this is one of my spots for scrapbooking and diy projects. Its always been kind of messy when I go, but I guess with a bunch of little things and a bunch of roaming hands it is easy for things to get all over the place. Scrapbooking stuff they have is nothing special, just your basic stuff. They do have some good sales occasionally.
3	If I have coupons, I want to use coupons. I know they say one per customer per day, but other locations have done separate transactions to accommodate, which is awesome. This one doesn't. That's okay, I'll just buy my one item and move along. I love Michael's, they are usually stocked well with what I'm looking for. During the Christmas season, it's a mess...during the rest of the year, it's not as big of a mess.  While waiting in a forever-line one day, I overheard another customer's rant. She had apparently called and asked for some yarn to be held for her, but they couldn't find it when she got there. There was one pack left on the shelf, so she had that, but they looked everywhere for literally 30 minutes for the stuff on hold. Finally, they found it, fairly easily, under one of the register counters. I guess whoever placed it there didn't communicate with the others before she left for the day. This woman was livid!
5	We walked into Michael's yesterday to get some last minute Halloween stuff. One of the employees was doing face painting. We were planning on going to Peoria's Halloween Bash that night so we figured we'd get our 5 year old daughters face painted to match her costume. She did a great job on the face paint and best of all it was free. Things like this keep me coming back to businesses. I really think it's cool they give back like that. And by the way, My daughter took "Most Original" in the costume contest. If you're reading this face painting employee, THANKS! You made my daughters day!
3	Great for frames, great for sales, but otherwise quite uninspiring, crowded, and dingy.
4	They always seem to have what I need for just about a any project. I did have a problem with a custom framing project should have gotten their quote on writing and it ended up costing extra. They did give a discount but would not honor quoted price.
4	Pretty standard location for the chain. This one is close to our house so we have ventured here a few times.  They are also right next to a Target location, which is convenient.  They have a bit of a different layout from the majority of the chain locations.  The staff here is friendly and quick to get other cashiers up to the front if they see a line - which can be hit or miss at other locations.  The store itself is clean and well-stocked with the usual variety of items for everything from scrap booking, painting, knitting / crocheting, and miscellaneous decor for a variety of occasions (wedding, showers, holidays, seasons, etc.).Overall: A-Good location for the chain. Layout is different than other locations, so be sure to read the aisle headers if looking for something specific.
