5	Best Running Store in Charlotte! I have shopped at quite a few running//sports stores and have yet to be all that impressed with what I have found in town. Finally a place that carries trail shoes and a great selection of them as well. A lot of hard to find brands like Tailwind Nutrition, Hoka, Solomon, Innov-8 and Altras. This store is great for everyone from a new runner focused on 5k's to the veteran Ultramarathoner.The staff is extremely patient and knowledgeable.I am sure there is more I should be saying but go check them out and see if I am right.
5	These guys know running. They are so educated and friendly, and take a lot of time with you to explain their products. I went to other running stores in Charlotte before finding this one, but now only want to come here. Women, try their Oiselle line, it's amazing.
5	Excellent and knowledgeable staff. Best running store in Charlotte!  Support local stores and get your running gear here.
5	Awesome store with great people who have answers to all your running questions.  It is amazing to find a store with people who actually go out and run the big events around the region and around the country.  I am loving my Hokas, my Innov8s. and my Altras!
5	Definitely the best running store in Charlotte.  Don't let the name intimidate you...it doesn't matter if you have been running ultras for years or just considering running your first!  The guys (and gals) running this place can help you find what you're looking for and perhaps get you even more excited about running!If you think it's "just another running store" think again and check it out for yourself.  You won't find Altra, Inov8, or Salomon anywhere else..and you definitely won't find InkNBurn apparel or Tailwind Nutrition at the other stores!
5	Great service. Super knowledgeable staff in Nathan, Jeff and Jamie. The shop carries great brands that runners respect and know, including Altra, Salomon (sp?), and Ink N Burn. The staff all runs too -- so they only sell products they know. My wife also discovered multiple items thanks to help. High recommendation.
