5	I scheduled a tire install here the other day and could not have been more happy with the service! I originally bought tires somewhere else since a few years ago an employee told me that Discount Tire doesn't match competitor prices. I was helped by Patrick who was genuinely concerned with why I was told that when they in fact DO match prices. Everyone here was really friendly and I got my tires changed out in about 30 minutes. If I ever need to buy new tires again I will come back.
3	It took about an hour on a Wednesday at 11am to get my tire changed out. Customer service was good but they added on a few things to my total with out telling me about it. My husband was told that the tire was $128 but no one mentioned anything about a free replacement tire certificate for $19 or a repair kit for $10 or a rotation service for $16 so when I told my husband the total came to $191, my husband was not happy! When I called them to get an explanation they apologized and told me they would fix it if I came in with the receipt. When I came in they did go out of thier way to make up for the confusion, but at the end of the day they quoted my husband over the phone for the price of the tire and didn't mention the service fees and other things that are not optional that take the price up about $50.00 after taxes and all. It's important to manage your customer's expectations so they aren't disapointed, and in this case they didn't do a very good job of that.
5	got there Friday morning 10 minutes before they opened at 8 am.  there were about 3 or 4 of us waiting.  A group came out and greeted us.  I knew exactly what I wanted.  I needed 2 new tires.  I had a flat and wanted to put one of my other tires on as a new spare since my spare wasn't that great.  Had the 2 new tires put on and was in my car headed home at 8:17.  Can't beat that.
5	Great customer service at this location.  Matt is excellent to work with
5	Matt fixed me up with a set of American made Goodyear tires for my Crown Vic. and I couldn't be happier. Out the door for less than $400. Great service. Tires ride quiet and smooth. Can't beat it with a stick!
5	I have come here several times to have tires replaced and rotated and the staff has always been efficient, helpful, and friendly! They need a lock to get the tires off; other locations have forgotten to give me the lock back when finished, but this location always returns it without having to be asked. The staff all has a sense of humor, which is refreshing. I also love the tire warranty that Discount Tire offers at all locations.. It's such a savings! When I was waiting today I sat next to a woman who told me that she has come to this specific Discount Tires for 22 years (ever since she moved to AZ) and that they have always treated her beautifully! I was shocked that this location had been around that long, since it is clean and relatively new-looking!
2	My email to the manager:  I have 4 tires from discount tires and have had really good service so far.  Last time when i bought 2 new front tires the guy had me put them on the back i protested and said my front tires wear out faster can you put the new ones on the front and when i get them rotated the new will then be in the back.  Fast forward to my tire rotation today same thing refused to do a tire roration because the back tires were better,  well duh,  so much for food customer service,  just more bait,  switch and hustling.
5	I took my car in hoping my flat tire was fixable, unfortunately, a pot hole had damaged the inside of the rim.  To replace the one wheel was going to cost about $600.  Jordan took the time to show me other wheels/ rims.  I ended up purchasing 4 new ones, but it was still cheaper than the cost of the original.   My car wasn't going to be ready until after I had to go to work so the Discount team pulled my car into the bay overnight to keep it secure until I could pick it up the next morning.   When I got there, I wasn't sure I liked the new wheels.   Jordan immediately came out and asked what I didn't like.  He took the time to pull out my old wheel so I could do a side by side comparison.   When I was still unsure, he offered to get me different ones.   After a few more minutes and some pics on my phone for a different perspective,  I decided to keep them.Really appreciated the personal touch from these guys and Jordan's assistance.   Thank you!
5	I had a completely flat tire that could be heard leaking air. Took my car in and they fixed my tire at no charge within an hour. The shop was busy so the short wait time was impressive. Great customer service and very quick. Best experience with a tire shop that I have ever had. Will definitely be returning for any future tire issues.
5	Have to say that I haven't really been to a bad discount tire shop. Customer service is always top notch. Everyone was super helpful and friendly at the 83rd Ave store! Even put a couple different rims on our truck to help decide which ones to choose.
5	Put on new tires today with the help from Tony, we have used them in the past when we had to have tires repaired.  A great place to have your auto needs met.   Thanks crew
