1	I am the dork-ie kid from your kindergarten  class. Who has been wearing glasses since I was 5 years old so please take this review seriously.  I know my way around a pair of eyeglasses.  Wow am  I getting old , that would mean I have been wearing eye glasses for 20 years.  Do me , you and everyone you care about a favor and avoid this location.  The service is here so incredibly inconsistent.  I have nothing,  I mean nothing good do say about the service that I have received here .The eye glass assistants are rude.  The way you are treated is sub par.  America's Best (I even hesitate to use that name because it's obviously not the best in America) just sucks.   Due to my terrible eye site I have to spend EXTRA money for thin lens.  So normally what I do is,  once a year I shell out $200.00  no insurance to buy two pair of glasses, paying cash.  The frames are alright but nothing that great. Besides my lens not being great another thing I  have a problem with is the poor customer service. On more then one occasion through out the years I have been talked down to.  I have been wearing my current prescription from AB for about 10 months. This prescription is not good for me, before I had a magnified prescription that made everything BIGGER. My poor little blind self I have an astingamstism in both eyes. Two years ago I got good lens with nice frames but in 2012  I got shit lens with an okay frame.  I don't plan on returning to America's Best , it's just not worth it.
1	If you look at my Yelp reviews I NEVER give 1 star, but this was the worst costumer service experiences I've had in my entire life. The entire staff was rude. They made us feel like it was such an inconvenience. From lady at the reservation desk who frowned, snarled, and barked commands like we were in a prison, to the embittered woman who was supposed to help run our insurance information, this experience made me feel belittled and terrible. Before arriving we checked with our insurance companies that America's Best would honor our insurance, but when we got there the lady said that they do not take our insurance. After BEGGING and PLEADING that they call our insurance company she finally did and while frowning told us that she was wrong and they America's Best actually did take our insurance. We were so disgusted with our experience here. We called the corporate office (something I never do) afterward and told them that when are contacts arrive we will not go back to this location. The people at the corporate office were actually really nice and had them shipped to the North Hills location instead. When we went to pick out our contacts at North Hills the staff was very pleasant, but it was too little too late. The downtown office has ruined America's Best for me forever. Honestly, I have been telling everyone I know never to go to this sub par establishment.
4	I'm used to going to a private practice in Columbus, Ohio for my glasses needs. But I've moved to Pittsburgh and needed some place economical . I booked my appt online the night before but showed up late.... I didn't know there was a marathon going on . I just wanted to get an exam so I could buy glasses online . The staff was nice and rescheduled me for the next slot. Everyone was nice including the doctor .  Although I didn't initially want glasses 2 pair for 100 bucks and a free eye exam is a great deal. Especially considering I usually spend 300 on glasses after insurance is said and done. My only complaint is the selection wasn't amazing but what so you expect for such cheap prices.
2	From the previous reviews that I read I know exactly who people are talking about.  I rarely give a one or two stars. The customer service here is horrible.  I feel like everything I say is wrong.  I felt rushed when selecting my frames.  They changed me $10 more than what the price was marked on the frame.  When I pointed that out I got an attitude.
1	Edit:  A customer service representative from the central office called me and was able to arrange a refund with the manager of the Pittsburgh location. Still, I think this location only deserves one star, considering one of their employees actually lied to me about the return policy, saying all sales were final, while another one said "I don't know what you're talking about" when I tried to explain my problem. Very poor customer service at this location. Despite what it says on their website (30-day return policy), this location refuses to take returns, even for a defective product. I got a set of eyeglasses here which have reflections all across the field of vision. They're barely usable due to this. If I sit near a bright window, I have three reflections which show up in each lens.  These reflections go directly across the center of my field of vision.  $200 down the drain. Buyer beware.
