2	The name Cardinal Pizza is sort of a misnomer for this (mainly) Latin American restaurant that specializes in Salvadoran and Nicaraguan food.  Yes, pizza is on the menu; however, when I went for lunch, I didn't see any pizzas being ordered.I spent part of my summer in Nicaragua last year, and I had some AMAZING papusas down there.  Since then, I've had a serious papusa craving, and when I saw the sign in the window, I figured I'd give them a shot.  While they got the basic idea, Cardinal Pizza's papusas aren't even close to the ones I had in Managua.  They're a bit bland, and the salsa and cabbage-like toppings weren't great, either.  Unfortunate, but live and learn...
3	ate here tonight for dinner, ive eaten here several times. Im not sure what kind of food this restaurant serves can anyone help me with that question. I thought it was Mexican but after looking at the menu I noticed many items that are not typically Mexican. then their are some items on the menu that are Mexican. next time I stop by im going to ask so I will know once and for all. ok I usually order the empandas. which are hand made. They are very tastey and just the fact that they are hand made is a big positive. And they don't use any butter or oil in the empanadas. hand made thick corn tortillas stuffed with what ever you want I always get beans without cheese. Tonite I also got one shrimp empanada. that's a first. and I didn't care for the mozzarella cheese in my shrimp. so if I was to get that again I would request without cheese. They have salsa. and if your a die hard salsa fan like myself and you know and like Mexican salsa. Cardinal pizza's salsa is not my favorite it does not have that flavor and kick that I like. I ordered chillis torreados and they were not hot at all.. So I didnt  get that hot burning lips and mouth sensation that I love. For the hand made empanadas and the jamica juice. I will come back. I can always pack some chilli pepers  to bring with me to provide my own heat. LOL. The staff is lovely usually one older gentleman and two middle aged ladies and they are very friendly and accommodating. Usually see mexcans eating here.  and they seem to like it. My two friends like this place a lot and theirs never a fuss when one of us suggests eating here .Give  Cardinal Pizza a try I think you'll like it. and if you find out what type of restaurant it is let me know.. FYI .... they only take cash for payment.
4	This little restaurant (which is just down the plaza from the inFamous Reyes De La Torta) gets overlooked because of its name and the simple fact that many customers go to this small plaza just for the Tortas next door.But don't let the name fool you...This place serves Authentic Mexican food as well as a few Central American dishes like pupusas and platanos fritos. The food is very good and I've rarely been dissatisfied with anything I've eaten there. She makes one delicious Mole Poblano. As a matter of fact its the only Mole I've ever had at any restaurant that I actually like. She also makes a few items that aren't on the menu, like her NacaTamales, Nicaraguan style tamales. They're a little more expensive than the average Mexican tamale, but they're so delicious and large, about the size of a Guatemalan tamale. Her enchiladas are very good as well. My favorite thing to order is the tacos al pastor...so so good!Her beans are rice are head and shoulders above what I've had at ANY mexican restaurant before. Her rice is nice and loose, not masudo like most restaurants put out. Her beans are red, not pintos, and very very good. She doesn't use lard like some places, or add milk...like her famous neighbors do. She also makes her own sauces, she doesn't use canned salsas. I think it makes the food taste better.Her pupusas are good, but not the best I've had since she uses mozzarella instead of the authentic cheese other restaurants use. But I take into account she isn't Central American.  Overall I'm very pleased with her food. The prices are reasonable and the quality and authenticity of her Mexican dishes are great compared to many Mexican restaurants around. Whenever I'm craving Mexican food, this is where I go. If you want the usual Mexican-American food you find at most restaurants, I suggest you look elsewhere. This is more homestyle food. The owner is always there, she's the cook, and she's always willing to accomadate any requests you might make (hence her adding pupusas to the menu).They don't really have waitresses. Its a small place that usually only has the owner and a helper or two. But the owner will take good care of you, even if she might take a while because she's in the kitchen cooking .  Make sure to bring cash, since they do not accept credit.
4	I gave this place four stars because the folks here cook tasty food, treat you right, and it's priced low. I ordered tacos carne asada and they served them hot, juicy and promptly. The place is very small and you'll see them washing pots in plain view, just beyond a curtain, from the dining area. The strip they're in is dominated by another popular restaurant so I think this place gets passed over plenty.
