4	Escape Lounge is a very large bar and grill space that has recently been transformed into a gay lounge.  By transformed I mean it has a new rainbow paint job on the logo and bar front.I'm not ripping on Escape it's truly a laid back, not too loud, let's play pool and have a beer kinda place.  NOT a dive.  And certainly not as prone to camp as other gay bars.They have 2 happy hours daily one from 5pm to 7pm and one from 5am to 7am....I friggin love that!So, honestly, if you wanna chill in a bar that's not so crazy you can't have a conversation this is the place. Give it a try.
1	Ok, so help me out. I hear so much great things about this place, but I have been there about three times already and it has always been dead. I hear of packed nights, but I guess it is only during certain hours. That's fine, but I like bars that get steady business no matter what time it is. They don't even have happy hour or any drink specials. There is a card I guess you can sign up for to get like a dollar or two off of your drinks, what is this Von's. There is a jukebox you can use if there is not a apple laptop dj there. The booth and couch seating is very nice, and I guess if you are looking for just a cool place to be alone with your friends for drinks then it is ok, but sometimes you just want to party and this is not the spot.
1	Expensive drinks (unless you're drinking watered down well drinks), was dead on a Saturday night, except for a few really unattractive people coming in as we were leaving...Poor choice of music. Seriously... Rap??? At a gay bar??? No thanks. It was also WAY too smoke filled in there despite the limited number of people. Why can't this city get with the times like Cali and Washington and ban smoking in all public places, not just those serving food? They'd certainly attract more people after a few months.I'll save my money for a bar that attracts a better, and much hotter crowd.
4	One of my favorite bars to hang out at with friends! Thursday night performances are great and you can't beat the $10 beer/liquor bust! It's very low key, has a couple pool tables, vending machine and fun bartenders.I have yet to have a less than pleasant experience at Escape!
5	Best happy hour in town!AAAA+
3	Friend and I decided to meet halfway from his work and my home. Yup, this bar popped up.Went here on a Tuesday night. We were expecting this place to be slow but nope it was actually raging with people. Well, the pool tables were. The drinks I had were $3 each. Yup. I drank like 4 or 5, but I think the bartender only charged for a couple cause my tab ending up like $11. Yeah, I know odd number.I hope they start serving food cause after couple gin and tonics, I get hungry. Haha. Would definitely come back here if I happen to be in the area.
