4	The City Chambers in Edinburgh was a building that I was quite naive about until I visited it last year.  From the Royal Mile, it does not really stand out, well it is very hard to with the amount of old historic buildings there. However, when one is inside or looking at the building from Princes Street Gardens, one can finally appreciate how splendidly large and dramatic this eighteenth building is.Inside, the building is huge, with many, many floors (note to self - must take elevator next time)! The many rooms facing out towards the New Town have brilliant views of the city and beyond. Not a bad place to work at all! Inside, the building also houses the grand debating chamber which has recently gone under some renovation. It is grand and has a public seating area for around fifty people. It even has a private room for councillors in the building with grand chairs, newspapers on offer and breakfast items available. An underappreciated building, but nether the less a great building.
3	Really nice inside. Was at an even in here a while back and the panelling etc was gorgeous.
4	I had the opportunity to visit here on 2 occasions. The City Chambers are usually booked for conferences and meetings. As a venue this is a great way of impressing visitors and delegates. To enter the main building you go past security. The carpeted stairs are something out of Harry Potter; big banisters you can slide from and they seemingly go on forever. They lead to many different rooms and doors There is glass in lead windows and big old historical paintings on the wall. Impressive. The main function room is the Council Chamber - that is close to the kitchen and provision of meals and buffet is done from here. It has views over Old and New Town Edinburgh. They provide a drop down screen for projections too. I guess a wedding reception here would do just nicely. I had the pleasure of attending an Bir Urquell tasting meal where the Czech brewers opened up vat after vat to accommodate us drinkers. We were served a 3 course meal on round tables for about 90 odd people - plenty of space. The service was really good and I enjoyed spending time here. The toilets are of the old Victorian Crapper variety. Lots of white tiles,  spacious and acoustic - I did have quick go with a song & whistle and it sounded  fabulous! :o) Some areas cannot be entered by wheelchairs, but they have ground floor spaces if this is the case. Smoking is permitted outside only, however they have very little to no ashtrays, smoke pots to use. This is available on the Royal Mile / High Street.
4	I love chandeliers and they have gorgeous one's here. It's interesting to see where the movers and shakers of the city are debating the stuff that affects us but I couldn't help thinking, maybe they were a bit dazzled by the blingy chandeliers when debating the debacle that has been the tram project...For Doors Open Day, it was great to have a peak around. Contemporary stainglass windows,  big debating rooms, views over the city and also to make Caz H feel a bit at home, the Dunedin room - named after Dunedin in NZ which is twinned with Edinburgh. The room is all panelled in wood from NZ too.You do only get to see a few floors though - don't look down if you have vertigo as the building is on 9-10 levels and you probably access about 3 on DoD. Worth a peak, next time it is open to the public!
