2	Inquired about an oil change promo I heard on the radio, also have a check engine light on dash. The oil change special is for $10 off or is actually $21.95 after discount. The check engine light they said would require a diagnostic charge of $99. That to me sounded excessive, given many places will do it for free or low cost.
4	I got my tires rotated for my 2010 Tundra at 4:30pm today for $20. It only took them 25min to do the job. The employees and the mechanics are well train and very helpful. I'll be back again.
5	APPARENTLY I REVIEWED THE WRONG FIRESTONE BEFORE. THIS THE CORRECT ONE. These guys are excellent. Absolutely excellent. They know their stuff and do absolutely everything they can to keep the cost as low as possible. The first day I bought my car to FCAC, I met Joey the Manager. I learned that he was an "opener" some who is so good at their job that they are sent all over the country and even the world in some cases to open new stores. And when the store is running like a well oiled machine they move on to the next. Anyway, the next time I came in the new manager told me Joey had moved to another store and I went there. Have been ever since. Let me tell you why. The very first time I met Joey he helped me immensely in a time of need. Joey was more concerned about making sure I was driving a safe vehicle. A well fixed vehicle then "the bottom line". When I thanked him profusely for the immense help he said something that I haven't heard in a long time..."I believe in repeat customers, that's where it's at". Imagine that concept...amazing customer service AND expert knowledge AND the desire to genuinely help some one in need. So guess what, those few bucks he sacrificed by "waving" some of the charges? He made back ten-fold from the the people I've sent his way who keep coming back and have thanked me for referring him to them.  All four cars in my household are serviced here. And they will always be as long as I live here. That is what business should be about. Joey and his staff give this big franchise auto care center a small neighborhood shop feel with the way they treat their customers. They know many customers by name and treat everyone equally. Ok, now about the establishment. Clean, always clean. Even the mechanics bays are clean. Very presentable and professional. The staff seems very happy to work there. They have free coffee, water, and WiFi. The chairs are so comfortable you can sleeping on them. A couple of them even have laptop tables attached. The bathrooms are also always immaculate. They have a small TV for entertainments.The location is also excellent. Every type of retail store and restaurant you can think of is within walking distance. The price is right and they are constantly "throwing things in" to relieve the total cost a little.We have no idea where we'd go if this place shut down. No one in town comes anywhere close.
1	Besides this being the 9th time I'm bringing my car here for the SAME EXACT PROBLEM that they just can't seem to get right, this store has to have the worst of the worst in customer service. Long story short, I brought my vehicle in to get a problem fixed and when I picked it up, there was a completely new noise and problem that was unrelated. When I asked the new store manager (btw this store goes through managers like a fat kid through candy) he simply got mad and walked off on me! THE STORE MANAGER!!! I will never bring my car here for anything that isn't already covered by the piss poor warranty of the parts that are unfortunately on my car. If you care about the quality and safety of your vehicle, do not bring it to this Firestone. You know what, just don't even bother with any Firestone for that matter. Take it to the dealer.
4	I took my car in to this location on Tuesday June 24, 2014. I needed two sensors replaced which they ordered from another location. I bought my lunch because I knew it would be a while so I was there most of the day. They also changed my oil and some other minor item. It was a great experience and the Manager is funny, entertaining and really engaging with everyone. The only reason they do not get a five is they charged for the diagnostic and I just struggle with that. My check engine light was on and they did need to do that but I am unaccustomed to being charged for it. I will return as I am quite happy with the work and that they were able to take care of me. If you need dependable service this is the place to go!
1	I have given this location many chances to redeem themselves from the many mistakes and bad customer service.  If you don't mind wasting your time then this is the place for you. A simple oil changed turned into engine problems because they had spilled oil all over my engine and had to take it back twice for them to clean and all the said was oops our bad. I had bought tires there and for what I paid they can't even remember to put a cover on the tire valve?! You're a tire place that's you speciality.  Not to mention I ask them to put air in a tire because my tire sensor is reading low but instead of actually taking the two seconds to do it they said "oh sometimes they give false readings". Went to put air in it myself and oh surprise now it reads fine. The straw for me was giving them the benefit of the doubt and calling to get scheduled for an oil change was told "oh you don't need an appointment were not busy come on in". So went up there about 15 minutes later and was told "were too busy I will have to schedule you for tomorrow" by the same guy who just told me to come in. Not sure what 12 year old the manager decided to leave by himself to run the front but you might want someone who knows what they are doing. The people there may have time to waste but I don't. I will be taking my business else where.
1	Went to this firestone sunday 10-12 14. I  explained to them that I had a screw in my rear tire and I wanted it plugged. They called me into look at the tire and told me they wouldn't fix it. Firestone stated the screw was to near the side wall.  I later used a ruler and it was 2.3/4 inches a way from the sidewall. This screw was in the raised part of the tread. Friestone refused to fix the tire. Stated it was to close to the side wall.  Firestone wanted me to buy a new tire (plus it had to match the other side so two tires) as they now stated the tire is old and cracked. May not be able to fitted back on the rim.I told them take my truck off the jack. I went to Sears they fixed the tire with a plug had no issues with placing the tire back on the rim.l had Sear check the tire and they wrote in their review of the tire it had no crack.
1	Went in for an inspection that was supposed to take 30-40 minutes, which I was fine with, to find that they failed me because my rear tire tread. Took to my trusted dealer to find that they saw no concern for the tread and didn't see a reason for failure. Thanks Firestone for a colossal waist of time. (1hr 10min). And nice try for thinking you'd get me to buy tires.  Jerks.
1	I was in on January 3 for an oil change and brake inspection.  After paying $17.99 for the brake inspection I was  told that I needed new brakes and rotors.  On January 5 I went for a second opinion.  Was not charged anything and was physically shown I had 50% left on my pads.  In addition, I have wheel locks on my tires and firestone did not ask me for the key.  So, how did they look at my pads and measure them in mm?  I will not return for absolutely anything.  No trust there.
