4	Thanks to a MGM employees offer, I was able to obtain two free passes to attend this Australian Bee Gees show on 2/15/2011.  I didn't really grew up listening to the Bee Gees, but I have a few favorite songs I enjoyed, and didn't want to pass up a free show.  In case you are wondering if it is the Bee Gees performing.  It is not.  The Australian Bee Gees is a Bee Gees tribute band, that "has become the world's leading Bee Gees show", according to the show's website.  But they do have a certain resemblance to the original band, and even sound like them.The venue of the show is in Excalibur's Thunder From Down Under Theater (2nd floor near the Buffet).  So the theater is small enough to offer a more intimate performance, where audiences are seated close to the band.  Most of the audiences are seated around long tables directly in front of the stage,while others are seated in booths further back.  There is a bar, so you can order your beverages while you enjoy the 75-minute long performance. Cost:  General Admission - $44.95 (plus taxes and $6 fees)VIP Seats - $54.95 (plus taxes and $6 fees)I enjoyed the show, even though I don't know all the songs that they performed. But I am sure if you grew up listening to them in the 60s and 70s, this will bring back fond memories.  In fact, the majority of the show's attendee seems to be in their 40s or older. But my coworker told me her daughter and friends (in their early 20s) also enjoyed the show.You can order beverages to drink during the show, and the tables make it convenient to set your drinks on during the performance.  I can't imagine how annoying it would be to hold on to your glass, especially after you are done with it for the course of the show.Anyway, it is a fun performance to watch.  It may not get the same level of publicity as the Cirque shows, but it is a enjoyable and relaxing evening nonetheless.Decor: 3/5  Not really decorated for the Bee Gees, as it is in the Thunder Down Under venue.Value:  4/5  A relatively inexpensive show, especially for a show on the Strip.Fun: 4/5  I had fun enjoying the performance, while a few left during the show, and most of the ones that stayed seemed to have had a blast.Not a solid 4 stars, but more than just 3 stars, so I will round up as I don't feel that I am in the target demographic yet still enjoyed it.
4	Absolutely loved this tribute band....... Absolutely hated the showroom. These guys did a stellar job and bore a striking resemblance to the real deal. Unfortunately, the showroom is jammed in tight. They do have a dance floor to one side of the theater, but there wasn't a snowballs chance in hell of getting out of our cheek to cheek seats and ever making it back. Sound system is not the greatest either. All in all, I would go back with discount tickets, but I will be hoping for a new venue to showcase their amazing talent. Go see for a blast from the past!
5	I love the Bee Gees so I was really looking forward to this show and it just blew me away, they were so much like the original band and sadly with maurice's passing, the best we are going to get.Nice intimate theatre means your very close to the band, excellent stage production and tight back up band, it would be a 'Tragedy' to miss this show.
5	Love the original Bee Gees and this was still a great show!  If you are a Bee Gees fan, you really do have to see this.  The space was nice and small so there isn't a bad seat (though I didn't know when I bought tickets and sat up front).  Unlike some reviewers that got free or discounted tickets, I paid full price and would again!
5	I LOVED this show!!!  These three men are as talented as it gets... Oftentimes, tribute shows are a lame attempt to sing some classic songs and make a buck.  Not so in this case, these performers have perfected the sights, sounds and on-stage presence of the original Brothers Gibb to the tee.  Literally within a few minutes from the start of this 90 minute performance, you will forget this is a tribute show and swear you are watching the original Bee Gees.       An unbelieveable experience that covers all the great hit songs from the 60's through the 90's, the show also offers an opportunity to get up and dance by the stage and to meet and greet these talented performers after the show,  If you like the Bee Gees and/or disco era music, I guarentee you won't want to miss the Australian Bee Gees show!!
4	Being a Bee Gees fan most of my 39 years on the planet, I have regretted never seeing them live. That is until I saw the second best thing to a Bee Gees concert: the Australian Bee Gees.  The Australian Bee Gees had the looks, manerisms, and musicianship of the real Bee Gees down to a t. They resemble the Bee Gees of the late 90s. They look so identical to the real Bee Gees that if I were to pick the real Bee Gees, I would be undecided. The deal is that the Australian Bee Gees are oustanding Bee Gees impersonators and musicians. I really felt as if I was a spectator in a late 90s Bee Gees concert. What was cool was that I learned who sang lead on the biggest hits. Major hits ranging from "To Love Somebody" in the 60s, to the Saturday Night Fever era hits of the late 70s to "Alone" in the 90s.  The Maurice Gibb impersonator was the comedian of the group. When Barry and Robin dominated the harmonies on the songs, he would make like he was going to join in on the vocals and walk away. In the later moments of the show, he invited people to dance in an area to the left of the stage, named Mo's Disco. And the one song that Maurice performed was a rocking version of Grease.   Unfortunately, the Excalibur showroom where the Australian Bee Gees perform is subpar. It is a large room that appears more like a convention room than a show room. Spectators sit alongside what looks like vertical bridge tables. There is no stadium seating. If you are in back of a tall person, then just enjoy listening to the beautiful songs that the Australian Bee Gees are performing. There is very little space between seats, making aisles virtually nonexistent. The show also starts kind of early. In my opinion 7 PM is early for a show.   I recommend the Australian Bee Gees. If you are going to see them, I strongly suggest using a Half Off Tickets agent. They will save you a good amount of money.
4	This show was a lot of fun. The band were totally enjoying themselves as well and it showed. I was worried that it would be a lame, cheesy impersonator show with the performers condescending to the artist that they're supposedly paying tribute to. Not so, this was high energy, contagious enjoyment. The crowd was a little older, my wife and I were the youngest people in the building (not including the staff), but that's okay. It's fun to play the crazy kids once in a while.The Australian Bee Gees sound like dead ringers for the originals, which can't be an easy task, given the intricate harmonies and falsettos. They didn't focus on the just the 'Saturday Night Fever' stuff, they played a lot of Bee Gees material from the late '60s too. Songs like "Massachusetts" and "Words", which I'm sure everybody has heard but might not know it's the Bee Gees. They even threw a couple of tunes in there that were made famous by other artists but were actually written by the Brothers Gibb such as Franki Valli's "Grease" and "Guilty" by Barbra Streisand. It made us a little verklempt.The guys also go out of their way to look like the group too which kind of borders on the creepy. When they first took the stage I thought I was looking at Madame Tussaud`s wax figures. The guy that plays Barry Gibb seemed to have a lot of make-up and his wig is kind of phony looking. Maurice looks the most authentic, probably because his trademark fedora casts enough of a shadow over his face that his make-up doesn`t show. All minor details. The guys all have a witty comedic rapport with each other too. They were always hamming it up between songs. I don't think the real Bee Gees were ever this funny.The venue however, sucks. Like Daniel S. pointed out in his review, the room is small and the tables are tiny and placed annoyingly close to each other. My wife and I had tickets for the back row but the ushers insisted on filling the tables up front first despite what seat numbers were printed on the tickets. I enjoy my space and breathing room, so I had to insist that we be allowed to sit in our rightfully assigned seats.I second Daniel S' suggestion to buy tickets from a "half off" agent (look it up) and try and get seats at the back too. Trust me, this is one time where you don't want to be up front. It's not that the performance isn't worth the price of admission because it is (it's like 'buttah'), it is because the venue is sub par.
4	These guys do a very good tribute show to the Bee Gees.  Their voices are similar to the Bee Gees I grew up with and to which I listened a lot.  From the late 60s with "Massachusetts" to the more modern disco sounds of Grease and Saturday Night Fever, they covered a litany of the Bee Gees music.1/3 of the way into the show, the drummer and bass player left the stage and the 3 used just one mike and one guitar for several songs they sang.  It was a superb series of songs and really showed off their talents.At the end, when they were doing the disco music, Club "Mo" opened and people were invited to come up and dance and one number they sang was "You Should Be Dancing."  As for the venue, it's relatively small, holding a couple of hundred people.  I got a seat along the counter between the floor seating and the rear seats.  It was a great place to sit because I had a place to lean on, place my soda, and just be comfortable a bit higher up than the floor and with an unobstructed view of the stage.  I've been in the theatre before to see Louie Anderson and Ronn Lucas, and I was seated at one of the 8 person long tables, and I don't like that layout as well.A few gripes about shows in general, namely audiences.  Please plan to arrive ON TIME.  Coming in 20 minutes late is not fashionable and is very disruptive to other members of the audience.  Also, the fact that you paid to see the show doesn't mean you have the right to keep talking throughout the show.  Why do people pay good money to see a show and then miss a lot of it because their talking with the person with whom they came.  Shut up, watch, and listen.This is a great show!  Go and see it.
3	If The Real Bee Gees Sounded Like This - They'd Never be Famous.....Pros:   Three nice guys.  Inexpensive for Las Vegas.Cons:  Pales in comparison to the original.  Located in a dungeon.Suggestions:   Get seats along the rail of the slightly elevated semi-circular section in the back.  Bring handiwipes. Ratings:-   Overall:   3-   Voices:     3-   Instrumentation:    3-   Comedy:     3-   Atmosphere:     2-   Excaliber:      1-   Cheesiness:     5-   Value:     4I like the Bee Gees.  Both of their incarnations...mid-late 1960's English/Australian folk music and the disco period starting with Saturday Night Fever...were lots of fun for various reasons.  Although I'm not a big fan of tribute bands, my wife and I made reservations for this show with 2 other couples during our 3 day visit to Las Vegas.The show was okay.  Nothing really wrong, but nothing particularly special.  Would I recommend it?  Not unless you're either a diehard fan and need to hear something resembling the Bee Gees...or don't have a clue who they are and ran out of other options for the evening.  That way, you won't have any memories to spoil.The location looks like a dungeon.  That shouldn't be a surprise because it's below street level in the basement ( or is the first floor just REALLY low? ) of the Excaliber Hotel.  The exterior of the buildings seems okay...at least at night...but the inside screams a need for "extreme makeover".  Like the trailer park of hotels.  The room is probably standard for a mid-tier type of show in the 1960s with small stage and lots of tables for 8 and 10 arranged Bingo-style from left to right.  No matter where you sat, everyone had a cheap seat...literally.  When they say the town folds up at night, that's what happens after this show.The 3 guys playing the brothers Gibb did their best and seemed to enjoy themselves.  Instrumentation was reasonable, singing decent and comedy among the 3 not half bad.  I thought "Barry" reminded me of a puppy begging to be petted and "Robin" was even more quivering than the real one, but "Maurice" had a nice, funny and understated connection with the audience.  Overall, the "cheese" factor was about as high as a dairy farm in Wisconsin during mating season.A few impressions after the 90 minute show:-  The Bee Gees had a huge number of good songs and big hits-  How much we miss them-  Listen to the originals!-  The sound, lighting and atmosphere were more country road house than Las Vegas Strip, but for an early evening of entertainment, it was certainly worth $50-  Finally...My memory of the Bee Gees deserves a better location than the lounge at Motel 6
5	This review originally appeared the online magazine that I maintain with my husband, Vegas Posh.The Australian Bee Gees show is a celebration of one of disco's most legendary names, bringing the music that shaped the cultural landscape of the 1970's to the Excalibur Hotel & Casino.  I am nothing if not a Bee Gees fan (my wedding processional was "More Than a Woman" and my recessional was "How Deep Is Your Love"), so the opportunity to see their pre-eminent tribute group was one that I relished.The Australian Bee Gees did not disappoint, suspending the belief of the audience for 75 minutes with Barry, Robin, and Maurice Gibb.  They opened with favorites "You Should Be Dancing" and "Jive Talkin'".  In their addresses to the audience, they capture the essence of the Brothers Gibb, quirks, flowing locks, and all.ABG was inclusive in their tribute, covering everything from the soulful, early hits like "Massachusetts," "I've Got to Get a Message to You," and "I Started a Joke," to their Saturday Night Fever and disco hits like "Stayin' Alive," "Tragedy," and "If I Can't Have You (I Don't Want Nobody, Baby)."  They even performed the title track to Grease, which, though performed by Frankie Valli for the film and soundtrack, was written by Barry Gibb, a fact often overlooked by even the most devoted of Bee Gees fans.Anyone who loves the Bee Gees will undoubtedly be pleased by both the song selections and the interactive nature of the show.  ABG not only performed everyone's favorites, devoting time to more than just their number one hits, they also gave the audience the opportunity to show off their disco moves at "Mo's," an area of the theatre designated as Maurice's "nightclub," where the audience could become more than passive spectators and dance to the songs that were meant to be danced to, not just listened to.The Australian Bee Gees are the closest thing that many of their younger fans will ever get to seeing the Bee Gees perform together and the closest thing that their older fans will have to reliving their favorite concert memories.  Michael Clift, Wayne Hosking, and Dave Scott amply live up to the great responsibility that this fact has placed on them, offering a solid performance that would make Barry, Robin, and Maurice proud.
5	Absolutely fantastic show a must see. Every seat in this place is great! The guys take you back to the 60's with the great hits like Massachusetts , To Love Somebody, I Started a joke. Then go into the 70's with all their big hits. Even got to hear a bit of Andy Gibb's "I just want to be your everything " We got the most affordable Tix and it ended up being better than the other seats because we were next to the bar and we danced the whole show!!!!! Must see this show. Worth every penny!!!! I love the Bee Gees forever!!!
4	I was a pretty odd child growing up.  I knew more Beatles songs than I did Top 20.  I watched "Grease" more times than I can possibly remember.  I owned the "Saturday Night Fever" soundtrack.So ever since I heard about the Australian Bee Gees show at Excalibur I knew I had to make my way down there sooner or later.  Fortunately, I found a good deal on tickets one day and jumped at the opportunity.This is a pretty no-frills show; but what they lack in stage production, they make up for in every other way possible.  These performers look and sound very similar to the Bee Gees.  The music is spot-on.  If you consider yourself a Bee Gees fan, you will really enjoy this.Other than "Saturday Night Fever" and a few more songs I knew, I assumed the Bee Gees were pretty much a mid- to late- 1970's group.  Imagine my surprise when I got to the show and didn't know many of the songs they were singing!  It definitely gave me a new appreciation of this band.  It was a lot of fun to sit around and listen to some music, and they even opened up "Club Mo" for everyone that wanted to dance to their more popular disco songs.One of the downsides to the show was that it was an older crowd (at least the night I was there), so the audience wasn't getting too lively with the music.  Also, the banter between the performers was a little slow and forced.I considered giving 3-stars because the show is a bit slow at first.  But then I decided that it wasn't fair- it's just the nature of the earlier Bee Gees songs and nothing on the part of the performers. If you are in any way a Bee Gees fan, I think you'll love this show.  For those that are interested but aren't necessarily a big fan of the group, I think this would still be a fun show to see- especially if you can get a deal on tickets.
4	Fun show to watch if you grew up with disco. They played alfrom gamblingl the hits and worked the crowd during the show. The room was setup with tables and chairs which was very tight and uncomfortable at the Excalibur. Why not go, it will kill a couple of hours and take you away from gambling.
4	A lot of fun! Played a majority of the hits through the years (When your talking Bee Gees you just can't get ALL the hits into the show, so don't be a crybaby if they don't play your favorite song). They look and sound a lot like the actual Bee Gees. A lot of crowd participation with singing and dancing.
4	just like the moniker says "you'll get Saturday night fever every night".  I enjoyed this tribute to the legendary Bee gees.   There is an incredible resemblance to the real deal.
4	Got discount tickets from Goldstar at half off ish. It was a good show, entertaining. They interacted w/ the audience, encouraged the audience to dance. It's a small venue so there were no bad seats. Big complaint, watered down expensive drinks. I can deal w/ $11 margaritas but there was no kick to it. At least have a good splash of vodka in there. I wasn't sure there was even alcohol in it. Only one waitress so if you don't get there early, you will order during the show and it's a pain to deal w/ that while you're watching/listening. No food or drinks - not even a bottle of water - can be brought in. Oh, I forgot, $5 bottle of water. Yikes. Well, it's Vegas, what else do you expect.But, for what it's worth, we had seats right under air and we asked to be moved. The venue was gracious enough to find us great seats close to the front with no air blowing. BTW, check in at Yelp and you get a free poster which they will sign at the end of the show.
4	I never got to see the originals, but these guys DO AN AMAZING JOB! My only complaint is I kept thinking of the group Human Nature during the show. I am a theater person. I like concerts that excite you right out of the gate. there was no WOW... no "build up" at the opening. They just kind of walked out on stage and started playing. Literally. I was wishing the entire time I could have re-DIRECTED the opening to build them up more.  Human Nature pumps the crowd up thru a series of videos and lets us know how they got their start, how they met, etc.  The ABG "introduction" was very monotone and non energetic and some of the videos that played in the background during their songs got to be distracting and were strangely generic like what used to play in the background at Karaoke bars in the 1980's.But had I been in a time capsule and dropped in this showroom and had I not known two Brothers Gibb members have since passed away i would have thought IT WAS REALLY THE BEE GEES! Were the tables close together? I didn't notice, we sat in a booth. I was able to get comp. tickets being an MGM employee but if i had to pay I would not have been disappointed. A solid 4 stars
5	Great show, I purchased my tickets through travelzoo.
5	There is no such thing as Too Much Heaven with the Australian Bee Gees. The men playing as Barry, Robin, and Maurice do a phenomenal tribute and one that I am sure if Barry Gibb saw the show, he would stand and applaud. These men not only look like the Bee Gees, but the voices are nearly pitch perfect. The theater is meant for the Thunder From Down Under that follows that show, but there really is not a bad seat in the lounge. Since three of the four Gibb brothers (other brother being Andy) are no longer with us, this is your chance to see what it would have been like to see them in their prime. Yes, it's a little cheesy, but so were the Bee Gees at times. As Wayne Campbell said in Wayne's World, "Led Zeppelin didn't write tunes everybody liked. They left that to the Bee Gees." I am local and have seen the group four times and cannot wait to get back to the Excalibur again and dance to some of the great dance tunes of all-time. If you don't enjoy yourself at this show, you either can't stand the music of the Bee Gees, or you just are a killjoy.
4	These guys did the Bee Gees proud and the audience, led by a table of Canadian women, really got into it.  The showroom is small so every seat has a good view.
5	THE AUSTRALIAN BEE GEE'S ... A GREAT NIGHT OF ENTERTAINMENT!OK, so last night (10/29/11) my wife and I went to see the Australian Bee Gees show at Excalibur.  Expecting a bit of a hooky, lame, but hopefully somewhat amusing performance, WE WERE BLOWN AWAY!These guys are good!  Sure, they go out of their way to look and dress like Maurice, Robin and Barry (no word on Andy), but they actually have captured about 90% of the unique Bee Gees sound.  They were spot on with their harmonies when they did  How Deep Is Your Love, and many of the other numbers were very close as well.  The falsettos that marked the Bee Gees new and most successful sound in the 80s were authentic, with Barry standing up well to the strain, but Robin needing 6-8 short moments to swig water to soothe his tortured voice.Sure, they do a little mindless banter between themselves which is at best quaint, but it does elicit a chuckle now and then.  But add in the production values (video on three screens, dazzling/blinding lights, stage smoke, live video of the audience by Maurice) and the excellent instrumentation (lead guitar, bass guitar, keyboards, drums) and you have a great band.They were able to engage the audience at several points ("Can you spot the country you're from in the following montage of our global concerts?") and had the obligatory audience member (from Auckland, NZ) come up on stage and dance with Robin.  Their real impact came when they encouraged the audience to get up and dance to a number of their famed disco tunes.Tentatively a few did, but when the 30-ish guy got up and asked the white haired 80-ish lady to dance, the place went nuts!  From young 20s to literally the 80s people were jamming the isles and dancing themselves into a lather.  It was some of the best fun we'd all had in many moons.The theater is modestly sized, so there can't be a bad seat in the house. We paid for VIP seats which put us in the front row (and got us a program and a CD), right in front of the big speakers.  Upon checking in at the box office we begged to be "downgraded" to seats further back.  We got the best seats in the house, table 12, seats 1 and 2.  Get them if you can.  We had a great view, and we left still able to hear!Run, don't walk, to the Australian Bee Gees tribute show.  And take your dancin' shoes.  You'll be glad you did, mate.Dean Herrington
5	If you like the BeeGees Before, you'll love these guys...Great! I mean well worth the cash! Up front and close to the stage...Perfect sized room (not a showroom)...High pitched voices are very similar to original guys...Over 40 crowd for sure, however flashback to the Saturday Night Fever show for sure!!!! Place was packed as well!
5	Great entertainment. Doesn't matter if you're young or old. They sound just like the original.
4	While visiting my family in Las Vegas I attended this show with my mother. She actually received the tickets or free so I wasn't losing anything by going. I only agreed to go because my mom really likes the Bee Gees and I felt bad about her going by herself. Surprisingly, I really liked it! It was very entertaining and the guys who performed kept the audience interacted, rather than just sitting and watching a concert.The songs were really well played and the audio didn't overpower the vocals so it was easy to sing along and understand what the guys were saying. The impersonation was practically spot on, almost as if I was really at a Bee Gees concert. From the vocals to the clothing to the stage presence, it was very reminiscent of a Bee Gees concert (or so my mother says). I think an important thing to remember with a show like this is that the number of people who would be interested in this will exponentially decrease over the years. I'm a 90's generation and I barely knew a lot of the songs; though some of their songs are iconic and will have a lasting rotation on radios. But I think the guys keep it fresh so it doesn't seem old-fashioned and even attracts younger audiences. I would definitely recommend to couples or even groups of friends because it is a great time and something worth seeing while it is still available.
4	Was pleasantly surprised , a well organized show that brought back memories.
5	I've been a fan of the bee gees since I was very young. This show was pure fun. Not only did the performers look and sound just like the originals, but they put on a funny and entertaining show.  Very great seats close to the stage with good cocktails. I sang my heart out along with every song and the dancing was a blast. Meeting them after was a treat! Great show :)
4	Nice SurpriseWe were not Bee Gees fans, and probably could not name, sing, or hum more than two or three of their tunes. What a surprise when we learned how many songs we knew that they had made popular.The Australian Bee Gees do an exceptional tribute show, at a very reasonable price.Only objection... the lighting is such that on many occasions the audience is hit with blinding light that takes away from some of the enjoyment.
4	The Australian Bee Gees show are one of those shows that has been around for a while. Which means that plenty of people deem it worthy of watching whether its their 1st or 20th time. Im glad I got a chance to watch these guys because every time I see the billboard of them on the strip, I always mutter to myself, man I gotta see those guys before they up and leave. Too many times I have said that only for it to come true on several shows in the past. Now that I got a chance to see them, I wont be saying that every time I see that same billboard.These guys are located inside the The Thunder Theater (yes, the very same theater that the Thunder From Down Under show performs), on the second floor of the Excalibur Hotel and Casino.The theater itself is a nice size in ratio compared to the actual stage. The audience seating arrangements have these wooden chairs with a failed attempt at putting some kind of cushion on there. Seriously, my butt was numb after about 30 minutes into the show. Of course you have wooden tables that are numbered in between the chairs.As for the 75 minute show, usually anything live is always gonna be better than listening to a recording and that holds true to just about every band and/or singer I have ever witnessed on stage. With that said, these guys can harmonize really good along with 2 out of the three members playing instruments like they invented it. Most importantly, they sounded just like the Bee Gees so just that alone you get your money's worth.I would consider myself somewhat of a Bee Gees fan as I can attribute it to my parents listening to these guys on 8 track in our family van in the early 80's. Honestly, I could only recognize about 6 songs these guys played and im assuming it were the ones that were really popular back in the day. Songs like More Than a Woman, Night Fever, How Deep is your love, Too Much Heaven, You Should Be Dancing, and of course, Staying Alive.I must admit that the songs I was not familiar with I almost yawned a couple of times. When I actually looked around the room. it was mainly a 50 and over crowd which sounds about right. Still, I appreciate good music and these guys have a lot of talent. The only thing that needs to be worked on are the seats. Please swap them out with more comfortable chairs so that I can actually feel my that my butt is still there. Also, when I tried to check in on the Yelp app on my phone, it said that I was too far away from this show to check in. According to Yelp, this show was 2 miles away. So I ended up checking into Thunder From Down Under and to add insult to injury, I became the Duke. Eventually, after the show, I was able to check in about 2 miles later. You guys should have seen all the smartass comments I got on my check in page. Sheesh. Lol. Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #112 "Wrong Check in!"
3	We went here with a few friends to check out the show!  It's located in the same theatre as Thunder from Down Under.  The seating wasn't very comfortable but I'm sure it is more for the Thunder show in which the audience members aren't sitting down for.  ;-)I will admit that I not one to sit at home and play the Bee Gees on my iPod.  I do know a few of their songs which made it nice to sing along at a couple points of during the show.  I did have to chuckle at the orange leisure suit one of the band members opened the show with.  Just think of Jim Carey in Dumb and Dumber...  same.     The Australian Bee Gees did a great job as far as entertaining and sounding like the real Bee Gees.   They get the audience to participate a little bit and try to have people dancing by the end.  It was an ok show for me.
4	The aussies are pretty spot on, with the looks and sounds of the Bee Gees.They went through pretty much all the hits you want to hear. Staying Alive, Jive Talkin, Night Fever,   I even think they sang You Win Again, which is a later hit. The one song I would love to hear is Fanny Be Tender. Other than that it was a great show. They even do a medley of hits that the Bee Gees wrote for others like Islands In The Stream and Grease.
5	Been an Aussie and in Vegas had to do the show,awesome,if you have a chance diffidently worth the experience !
4	As a 1990's baby,  I wasn't originally sold on going to see the Australian BeeGee's,  I didn't grow up with their music, but I was in Vegas celebrating my mom's birthday and she wanted to go. I ended up being the youngest one at the show but it was a good time. We bought discounted tickets outside at the Half priced kiosk and the seats had a awesome direct view of the stage. The performers sang the BeeGee's classic and made small chat banter among themselves it was overall very entertaining. After the show there is a meet and greet and they give you the opportunity to purchase merchandise and get their autographs.
5	We've seen this show twice, once in 2011 and again in 2014. I go with a friend who loves the BeeGees, too, and my husband who is a good sport. I've found that the audience often adds to the experience and energy in the room. Of course, you can't predict who will be there, but perhaps on a weekend you'll have a better chance of having enthusiastic fans light up the room (or maybe that's you!) I normally decline the green screen photos before the show, but we accepted this time and actually loved the resulting picture. Cheesy and awesome to have the BeeGees superimposed next to us. Be sure to have them sign your photo after the show. They're actually really personable to chat with as well. The show starts early in the evening at 7pm, so it can be tricky to plan dinner. Buca de Beppo is right next door and pretty good for a reasonably priced after-show meal.
3	So, I keep watching these shows that is just not my cup of tea. First of all, this place was difficult to find. It did not have any signs directing to it! I finally took a chance and went up the escalators. And yup it was there.  They force you to take a picture before entering the theater with the Bee Gees somehow in the picture. I believe it cost $20 at the end. The show itself is pretty cool if you like that type of music- the 70's and 80's type of music. They did their own music for about 30 minutes, and then they performed popular music during that time period. After the show, they did stick around to talk to people.
4	These guys look and sound like the real deal. They sang all the hits from the Saturday Night Live album and worked up to the One Night Only album. They are the closest thing to the real Bee Gees you will ever witness.  My favorite song was "Alone" from their One Night Only album. If you love the Bee Gees, this show is definitely a must.  However, I felt the Excaliber Hotel could have done better on the room, which is why I gave 4 stars versus 5. They share the same room as the stripper show, Thunder Down Under. The room was very small and somewhat uncomfortable. These were not theater seating. They squeezed in a bunch of chairs and aligned with with small skinny tables. The lady sitting behind me kept kneeing me in the rear.
3	While at Vegas on a 4-night getaway, my husband wanted to see this show.  Fortunately, we purchased the tickets at Tix 4 Tonight so they were discounted.  We never want to pay full price.  The seats were okay.  I didn't really like the setup of the theater.  The seating is by table and our table was about a foot wide so your date is next to you, which is fine (you can hold hands), but not too fine if you're not at the head of the table.  I had to sit behind a very tall man and had to keep moving from side to side to see the stage.  The performers themselves were good, not great.  I feel that the original Bee Gees had such effortless harmonies and these guys weren't as effortless (okay, okay, that's what my husband felt).  I was a little bored, but I feel it's a bit unfair as I was there for my husband.  In the end, he was a little disappointed that this tribute band didn't reach the depths of the originals, but overall, it wasn't bad.  I would not go again, but I don't mind recommending it to a Bee Gees fan since it's a good pass time and an inexpensive cost (especially if you purchase through a ticket broker).
