1	I visited the Super Star Car Wash at 1919 S. Greenfield Rd Mesa, AZ 85206 on 12/16/2012. One of the guys convinced me to buy a 1-month membership for "Express Plus: Protect and Shine" package for $11.95 (normally $21.95). I was told this would not renew automatically. The first car wash was a free upgrade to the "Protect & Shine Plus: Everything Wash". My first time through was nice and the car looked great.I came back on 12/23/2012 after taking my daughter to the mall to get a picture with Santa. I decided to stop by and get a car wash on the way home. We got through the wash cycle and we were being pulled through the rinse cycle. Sometime before we got to the dry cycle my dash lit up showing I was losing tire pressure somewhere (my vehicle has one light for TPMS). At first I thought it was nothing since sometimes the light would kick off if the tires were just a little low. But just to play it safe I pulled my vehicle into a nearby parking lot and checked. I found my front passenger side tire was going flat and I could hear air rushing out of a broken tire stem. Somehow this got damaged by the car wash.I found and talked to one of the employees and showed him the damage. He took pictures and filed a report which he had me verify and sign. He also helped me a little bit with changing my tire so I could put on a spare. He told me someone would contact me soon after they do their "investigation". The next day I took my car to Discount Tire Co and they fixed my tire and replaced the broken TPMS module. This cost me about $80.One other thing, the sales guy lied to me about charging me for just a 30-day membership. Turns out they have me on a automatic renewal of $21.95.It is now 1/19/2013, almost one month later and I have not heard a single word from Super Star Car Wash. I just submitted an online feedback at their website (I can find no office number for this place) and requested a reimbursement and cancellation of monthly membership I shouldn't have been charged for.I do not recommend this place.
3	First visit here.  We say the "$3 wash" banner, and thought we'd check it out.First, the $3 wash is just a water spray with the spinning brushes.  For $5 they'll actually spray on soap of some sort (I forget how they described it...special whiz-bang soap...you know what I mean?).  We did the $5.The car went through their machine and came out clean.  It does use the spinning brushes, so obviously is not "brushless" or "touchless".  After we went through we pulled into their vacuuming area.  Kinda cool that they have free vacuums for customers to use.  So we vacuumed out the interior and the trunk, and went on our way.I expect we'll be back.
1	I've been using this car wash since it opened.  It does an ok job washing but i go for the self serve vacuum.  On 4/12/13 When I was purchasing  my wash it gave the option to pay for one in advance.  I went for it and I'm sorry I did.  It unfortunately expired on 5/13/13.  On 5/17/13 I went to super Star to see if I could still use it since it was only 4 days expired...and it was something I PAID for in advance.  Of course they would NOT honor it.  It is my fault for passing the expiration date but any business with half decent customer service would honor it.
4	First off, if you start looking for the Super Star Car Wash, you may be a bit confused, there are no signs that say that. What you will see is the $3 car wash. Now that we have that taken care of, this place opened up and I just kept driving by and never stopped in because I will admit it, I was a self service car wash snob. I have to say, I am now a fan of this carwash. I have been going to Danny's and Full Circle for years.  I really thought that a full service place was the way to go, that is until  I found this place.I drive a Hummer H3 and I always like it to be clean. So here is how this place works, you can buy a wash as a per wash fee, or you can pay for the unlimited wash plan. That is what I do, they have a $16 a month plan, which covers you for a basic wash. I really don't think that type of wash does too good of a job, that was the first plan I bought. I was going to cancel, then I learned about the $26 a month plan. This one does a much better job and to my surprise you even get your wheels dressed right inside the automatic car wash. If you get the automatic tire dressing, make sure you wipe the tires before you drive. Otherwise it will splash all over, I learned that the hard way.They also have very powerful free vacuums available.What I like best is it is fast, there can be a summer storm in the early afternoon or even a Haboob and in about 5 minutes, my hummer looks like it just got detailed.
4	I love this car wash..Great prices, love the options available I have a convertible and it gets my car sparkling even the cloth top, I was worried at first but they said it was safe, I was very pleasedI love that I get a choice of air fresheners and a wet towel that is included in the price of my car wash!!Love the free vacuums one on each side of the car so you don't have to drag it across your car like most.I love this place I get a good Carwash without over paying! What more could you want?
3	I have been here several times now and have always left with a clean truck.  Car wash is good for the money.  Free vacuums so you can't go wrong there.  I drive a full size crew cab 4x4 and have no problem getting through. Make sure you watch the lights that tell you which wash you are about to get.  I once got a cheaper wash than I paid for.  I had to tell them otherwise they would have let me go.  That's why it's 3 stars.  Said it can get off count when busy.   I did get a voucher to come back so they did the right thing
1	It is time for me to change my review. WOW! Has this place gone down hill fast. I used to pay for the monthly service and I have recently cancelled it. The staff is not friendly, they rush you through the line. It appears that they have increased the speed that you now go throughout the tunnel, it just does not do a very good job. They are supposed to give your car a spray before going into the tunnel, they give it a light mist.What really made me mad at this place was the fact that a bad driver panicked inside the tunnel and backed into my truck, which caused the car behind to hit me. I tried to discuss this with them and they just really did not want to be bothered. It is not that there is a problem, it is how they respond to the problem. They don't respond.There are better places than this, if you want an ok wash at a cheap price, then this might be the place, is this place a good value???? NO!I really used to like this place, read my previous review. Not anymore.
1	I went to the car wash on 2/17 and was told to sign up for the a month of car washes for $6.95 - no strings attached.  Great idea right? Well I was not given all the information.  Last week when I was there I heard other customers talking about how they needed to cancel the service - I asked what they were talking about. They said there is a monthly fee that you have to cancel.  I went home right away and did research and found out they keep your information and charge you.  NOT COOL.  After I canceled it they still charged me $16.95 this month. I called Corporate - JUST A MACHINE!! And I went back to the car wash to complain the Manager said its not his problem and GOT IN MY FACE YELLING AT ME (Named Collin).  Totally unprofessional.  Have yet to hear back.  Honestly I would like enough people to come forward so they MUST DEAL with the information.
1	This is probably one of the worst, if not the worst car wash I've ever been to. I elected for their $10 wash that includes a "spot free rinse" and "tire dressing" among others. As far as spot free goes, I think my truck was dirtier when I left than before I got there (actually washed it again when I got home). The tire dressing covered about 1/3 of my tires at best.The staff is very unfriendly, and only really acknowledges you when they want to sell you something. Otherwise, they care more about flapping gums with each other than you. The guy handing out the towels just inside the tunnel made sure to finish his conversation about his Friday night before handing me my towel. This led to the other kid he was talking to partially spraying the inside of my truck.I would not be the least bit surprised if the way they built the facility has caused it's fair share of accidents either. When you come out of the tunnel, you're going right into the main drive of the shopping center. You have to hurry and get out though as the next car is coming out of the wash.Lastly, the vacuums are a joke, and essentially worthless. I had sand on my rubber, all weather floor mats, and it really couldn't even get that up. I will not be coming back.
1	Horrible. Don't buy the monthly pass. It's harder to cancel than a gym membership. Sometimes I use the free vacuums but I don't ever pay for a car wash.
1	How do I give this review- NO STARS!  Not only was my van not clean, but halfway through, my van came off the tracks and was facing sideways.  The attendant got me back on the tracks and sent me through again.  I got out to survey if there was any damage and of course, I had a huge scrape and dent down the side of my van.  The manager insisted I show him where this happened in the car wash, because he states there is nothing that would cause it.  I tried to show him, but he wouldn't even turn off the car wash so we could walk through.  He gave me his card and I filled out an incident report.  He offered no insurance information.  $700 worth of damage!
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Worst customer service EVER! I paid to go thru the car wash TWICE...when I got done..my car had just as many bugs on the front of it along with dirt as though I had not even gone through. Needless to say I was not happy. I asked a manager to come look and he told me that that there was nothing he could do because I didn't buy their expensive wash. I asked if I could at least have one of the paper towels they give out to try and wipe the bugs off. He said 'No', those were for people who bought the $5 wash. I was like really, I just paid $6 and you won't give me one. 'No, nothing I can do to help you.' REALLY?  Guess I'll just use the free vacuums and get washed elsewhere.
3	I've got the multi pass so I'm trying to frequent the locations to feel like I got my monies worth. So far they do a pretty decent job but last 2 times my front bumper hasn't come out clean. I was able to wipe the bugs off pretty easily so I'm thinking the machines aren't kicking butt like they should. I guess what do you expect from a $3 dollar car wash set up.....
1	Worse service ever. Paid for the service, asked a question if the wash would clean off all the bugs on the vehicle from a camping trip. Manager stated "you should have paid 10 dollars for the the bug wash, I'm not guaranteeing anything" we asked if we could upgrade before going through the wash, manager stated there was nothing he could do and would not refund anything for us. Requested for the managers information, the manager on duty was rude, stated if we wanted the information for corporate we could go through the wash and ask for the card. Called corporate and never received a phone call back. Never going back. If I had an option to select no stars, I would. Definitely unprofessional business.
1	Terrible on all accounts. They were doing a special for a month on their unlimited car wash pass. I decided to do it only after confirming that it was for one month only and that I wouldn't automatically be charged. Well, the following month I got charged for a second month anyway. When I tried to call the number on their website no one ever answered and I could never get a hold of anyone. My credit card company ended up taking care of it for me. As for the car wash, it didn't get my car as clean as I would expect. I won't go back, and don't recommend it.
1	This place is horrendous and customer service is shoddy at best. I brought my truck through after a long work day that took me out to a dusty part of town. I had never been here but stopped because it was on my way home. I reviewed the menu- and knowing I needed more than a $3 rinse, I chose the $8 wash, as the screen showed that the $10 wash was the highest wash. I went through the wash after getting a moist towel- to wipe my own interior? Tires? What??, I have no idea- and hit the free vacuums. The vacuums here have zero suction so I gave up, only to walk behind my truck to see a wall of mud on the back. I pulled back around and spoke with a guy who appeared to be somewhat in charge and I asked him to look at the rear of the truck and please explain to me why it hadnt been cleaned. His response was that the $10 wash includes a power wash.... My response, of course, was that if I pay $8 my car doesnt get clean but if I paid for a $10 wash it would???  I believe he sensed my impending verbal assault and- against policy (of course)- he said he would rewash it at no charge. I pulled back into the lane and surveyed the menu board again. I questioned the attendant where this so called power wash was on the $10 wash and his response was that it was included in the $15 wash- which wasnt even listed on the board. When this was pointed out to the guy he just stammered and sent me through. So back in the wash line the first guy shows me a wet cloth- that i already had- and a choice of 2 air fresheners. He wanted to show me what my "free" $15 wash included- in a snarky tone. Well I got the cloth for $8, and my febreze air freshener already in the car cost well under $7 so you do the math. But they did spray the car- barely. So i finish my "free" $15 wash after my $8 wash and-no surprise here- there is still mud on the back of the truck. So now I have their "best" wash and a dirty truck. Thanks but no thanks. For $15 I can get the entire truck cleaned at Dannys without touching anything- even if it now takes FOREVER since the raid... I digress.... Anyhow, if you are spending money to pay for a car wash, dont waste a penny at this place. - and its only getting a star because Yelp obviously feels bad for crappy businesses and its required to post....
3	I think the reviews are hilarious on this business.  When you go to a place like this it's about speed and convenience.  It is NOT a full service car wash.  You do everything yourself, bring a drying towel, something to wipe the windows and your good.  Vacuums work fine, if it's that dirty go pay full price (another $5.00) car wash on higley and southern.   I'm only giving three stars because you get what you pay for.  You need to set your expectation when you go here, if you do you will be fine with the car wash.
4	For people expecting a $35 hand car wash job here, you're at the wrong place. This car wash, even at their highest priced wash, will give you a bare bones, decent wash so your car doesn't look like crap rolling down the street. We have been bringing both our vehicles here for about 2 years now, having bought the unlimited wash passes for both. My husband has a flat black dip job on his truck and it looks filthy after 2 days of normal driving. The $15/month pass is perfect- we can drive through and get it decently clean within a few minutes. I don't mind vacuuming myself or wiping down my own interior. The cars don't get spotlessly clean like they do at a handwash, but good enough for the price. My only issue is with the electronic pass for your windshield. It literally works properly 1/5 times. We were told this was due to a faulty pass and given a new one. Then we were told it was due to the polarized windshield, and they gave us a signed pass to keep in the glove compartment. We have problems each time we use it and are told that we need the adhered windshield pass. It take a 10 minute explanation each time until the manager comes out and recognizes us as near daily patrons. Otherwise, I think this place is a good bang for the buck!
