4	Yes, I am actually reviewing a diner inside and attached to a car dealer (Ford Country, to be exact)!  I was at the Mazda dealer next door and waiting for my car to be finished and inquired where I could get a bite to eat - who knew?The reason I felt so compelled to "yelp" about Mustang Sally's is because I'm still having thoughts about my visit - and they are good lingering thoughts!  (If only I could have a date these days that left me with the same impression....)  I had the "Monster Burrito" which was $8.95.  When I asked the server if it was good she recommended and said she'd get the red enchilada sauce put on the side, since my leftovers would then warm up better.  Oh, was she correct - I had leftovers!I crave mexican food since I've moved to LV from Chicago, where a "burrito as big as your head" is a very common and good late night food!   Well, this burrito was HUGE and unbelievably good.  Rice, beans, lettuce, tomato, cheese, ground beef and sour cream inside with a bit of melted cheese of top - small side of chips & salsa.   I brought the other half home and almost couldn't wait to have the leftover!!  The folks who work at Mustang Sally's were very pleasant as well and kept refilling my water and iced tea.  As I sat at the counter, I watched the food that was being served and I must say it all looked pretty good and pretty large portions as well.Was this the best burrito I've ever had?  Not THE best - but the best so far in Vegas on my continuous search for burritos and mexican food in general.  (I have a few more reviews to write on the others I've tried.)  But I will say that I need to go back to the dealer before month end and Mustang Sally's will be a DEFINITE part of the agenda for that day!!!
1	I was waiting for my oil change and grabbed a bite to eat.  I got the chicken fingers and fries which is a pretty hard to thing to mess up but they managed to.  I sat right at the bar in front of the girls that were working and never once was offered a refill or asked why I only ate about 2 bites of my food.  Even the fries were horrible! I ended up getting stuck with the whole bill for food I didn't even eat or like.. and if I remember correctly, even charged for Ranch Dressing.   I will not be eating there again!
3	Had the Crunchy Chicken Spinach Salad while waiting for my oil change and it was totally great. Service was fine, though the place was nearly empty.The decor involves a lot of red, black-and-white checkers, that nostalgic glitter diner furniture, and a bit of automobile nostalgia. My coffee was slightly stale, but that's any diner for you. I could have asked for a replacement.This is also the first place I've seen in Henderson with an actual lunch counter, if that's your thing. I'm sure there's gotta be more lunch counters in Henderson...
3	I give this 3 stars for the type of place it is, Diner food. Food was ok.I came for lunch with my daughter while I got me car serviced at a different dealer. Service could have been friendlier but I guess what do you expect in a car dealership. The food took awhile for a quesadilla and buffalo fries. It seemed pretty clean.
3	This place is what it is, and it serves its purpose nicely. Just don't come in here expecting to be blown away.Let's be honest - we all have those times were we have to get our cars worked on. It's often a drawn-out, lengthy procedure. At these places you often go bored and hungry for an hour or so. Fortunately, when Ford Country was built, they took this into consideration and attached a diner to the place. Smart move. Is this place any good, though?I'll put it bluntly - Mustang Sally's is definitely better than I would expect for being a place attached to a car dealership/service center, but it isn't ever going to compete with a full-blown, stand-alone restaurant.The food itself is actually very good. I have only ordered a few different things off of the menu, but I have yet to be disappointed food-wise. Last time I tried a spicy chicken melt with waffle fries - this thing was actually pretty damn good!The service is subpar, though given what kind of a place this is I guess you can't overexpect. When I was in last, the waitress didn't seem too enthusiastic or attentive - I don't think she cracked a smile once, and on top of that she put a lemon in my water when I specifically asked for them not to put one.The hours for the place aren't bad, though I wish the place was open for dinner - it would be nice for those of us who get off work late and have to have a car serviced in the later afternoon/early evening hours. All in all this place is good - nothing more, nothing less. If you're stuck at Ford Country getting some repairs done, you'll likely be pleasantly surprised and enjoy what you order - though I doubt you'll go out of your way to come back, at the same time.
3	I really enjoy this little diner.  it is in the Ford dealership so make sure you dont miss it!  the food is good and relatively inexpensive.  They have a good selection from burgers to sandwiches.  The waitresses are very nice and cute.  The food comes out quick and hot.  If you are going to be in the area or at the Ford dealership i would recommend this place.  Also make sure to get a certificate on restaurant.com!
3	The food was good.  Service was fast..  and not one smile was given out by any of the employees.  Maybe it was a bad day to them..
3	This is a DINER at a CAR DEALERSHIP.  It's not gonna be gourmet.  You have to know that going in.That being said, I've eaten here a couple of times in a pinch.  I always get the soup.  My favorite was the buffalo chicken soup I tried (sounds weird but it's good)... however, it wasn't all that hot.  It was just kind of tepid.  Whatever.  It's food.  Their iced coffees are goooooood.  They will add any syrups you want and they have sugar-free ones too.  The guy I usually see behind the counter really bends over backwards to make sure your drink tastes good.I mean, three stars might be a bit generous, but it is what it is.  It's a car dealership diner.  It does the job.
1	Mustang Sally's used to be a nice dinner, with the 50's or 60's atmosphere. It has changed so much, with a look of barely alive, trying to look like a  Star Bucks dinner, yet falling short of that mark. The counter where the cash register used to be is dusty and it looks like it is basically ready to close down. The people that wait on you are not trained for a restaurant, but simply order takers that act like they don't want to be there. Another nice place gone away; it is too bad.
4	Getting your car serviced or if your just in the area. Located at the Ford dealership. This place has great priced breakfast. I got the egg and cheese croissant. Would come back again and again!One star loss because it takes so long after you order to get your food!
1	Used to love coming here for breakfast when it was a diner with real diner food. They have changed it over to a coffee and snack takeout. I don't bother coming here anymore. What a loss.
3	What can you really expect? It's a diner at a car dealership. They have a pretty clean dining area and you walk up to the counter to order and pay. The menu is displayed on a board behind the counter and details a variety of breakfast items, pastries, sandwiches, burgers, salads and more. The drink menu is impressive with a wise variety of coffees, shakes and malts. I got a breakfast burrito while waiting on an oil change. It wasn't good and it wasn't bad - a little bland if anything. The burrito had scrambled egg, pico de gallo and chorizo (which I couldn't find) so it was pretty basic. One thing I will say is that this place is affordable and is a great way to kill time. I'll be back during my next oil change but I doubt I will be ordering the breakfast burrito again.
5	This place is great! Food is good and the customer service is AMAZING and I needed that after dealing with Nissan right next door and their crappy attitudes! Ford is smart to have this type of place for their customers. Although I'm not a customer of Ford this made my wait worth it. Everyone is so friendly!
5	I really like Mustang Sallys.  I bring my car for its mileage-due services and I usually wait in this very calming dining area.  They have very reasonable offerings.  What I liked the best is that they served 'chocolate energy drinks' to the bicyclist club (on a particular weekend).  I believe it was complimentary or perhaps not.  But it was intriguing and made me want to become a cyclist.
4	I've been coming here for years... I ordered the tropics smoothie.. So good.. I've also had their breakfast before.. Definitely will hit the spot....
2	We were picking up a car being serviced and had an appointment to speak with a salesperson about a possible trade in. We were a little early, and starving, so went into the restaurant. It is retro cute and clean. I cannot comment on the food, we waited an hour and 20 minutes and walked out. We told the salesperson, sorry, but we needed to leave and eat! Not his fault, but sadly, his loss. Don't go if you are hungry!
1	The food here is not so great. I do not recommend anyone coming here to spend money. The service was okay but not how a diner should be. Blt, no mayo? Really? Weird. The toast was over toasted and very chewy. The bacon was over cooked. Ehh kind of place. Will not be back.
4	It's a good place to eat while your waiting for your car to get serviced. Went here because there was nothing else around & we had no car. It's very convenient next to all the car shops around. Luckily we were only at Nissan, which is 1 car shop away. The food was pretty good. Great for the price. I ordered the Ford f450, which was 2 pancakes, bacon, eggs & hashbrowns. Not bad. The only thing is, I asked for chocolate chip pancakes & I received regular plain pancakes. The place wasn't even that busy? There was 2 other tables she had to take care of. I Don't understand. I didn't bother asking the waitress to change it cause I was so hungry. But anyways, if your in the area & it's the only thing around. Give it a try. If you don't mind driving a little further, go get something you really want.
2	I would give it 2 1/2.  Nothing bad necessarily just nothing all that great. Burger didn't really have much taste kind of on bland side. It's a nice theme for a diner some cool mustang memorabilia on the wall potential is there for a cool old school diner but falls short unfortunately
5	Great place for breakfast or anytime food. The wzitress we has was super amazing she was african american very cheery and she made the best malt ever.  Def gonna go back. Price is right too.
3	If you are getting your car serviced anywhere along Gibson and your on foot go to mustang sally's in the Ford dealership it is the closest place to walk. Great diner food, friendly staff and it's quiet. Bring your laptops or tablets the WiFi is great.  I gave sally's 3 stars because of the hours 7 am to 3pm. They should be open until 5pm M-F and until 7 pm on Sat. Also, it is diner food. Although, the soups and dressings are made from scratch.  Don't forget the sally sauce when you order fries.  Other then that everything was great!!!
4	I came here for the mustang experience.  It wasn't bad. We came  right before closing and were the only patrons in the diner. The service was good.  Our waitress was friendly. The food was ok. I would give this place another try. Maybe I'll get an oil change on my mustang and venture in while I wait.
