4	Friendly staff make this market one to enjoy just like a normal gas station with beer smokes soda and snacks galore and a great priced car was to boot! also they give cash back if you need some and an atm isnt handy!
3	Nice convenient gas station with a clean atmosphere which is something hard to find these days.  Sinclair gas is about 2 cents more then the closet competitor down the road.The store is friendly and clean.  The station also has a car wash.My only complaint, if you call it that, is that the pumps are a little sun warn and it is a tad hard to read the meter as you pump.
4	The staff is friendly, and if you don't know it yet, they serve Thrifty's ice cream now in scoops or pints.  That was a great decision on their part.  The convenience store is clean and gas prices are competitive.  They also have a car wash, but I have yet to try it.  This isn't a complaint really, but the gas pumps are a little bit of a distance from the convenience store.  There are pros and cons to this.  The pros are that you won't experience car bottle-necking if and when all the pumps are taken and people are waiting behind others to pump their gas.  There's plenty of room to maneuver.  But, I've never witnessed all the pumps in use while I've ever pumped before.  The cons, and I can only see one being that you have to be alert as you cross from the store to the pumps, because some cars barrel through the area.  Just use common sense.  In truth, this little gas convenience store has one hold on me, and that's the Thrifty's ice cream.  If you, like me, grew up on the stuff, in a desert without a single Rite-Aid, it's nice to be able to hearken back to childhood and have a scoop or two.
4	Great place near my house to get some gas and/or grab some beers. Cashiers are always friendly and they play some good R&B while you're pumping gas. It makes pumping gas a lil more pleasant.The carwash gets the job done at reasonable prices. Oh yeah, one on the few places that offer free air and water still.
5	This place has really great customer service. I went inside the store because the pump didn't print a receipt. The owner apologized and gave me a free car wash for the inconvenience. Haven't been anywhere else that's taken care of customers like that
5	Great place to stop for smokes and soda. They have a thrifty's ice cream, all kinds of energy drinks, and just all kinds of neat stuff. They have all kinds of smoking stuff too, even e-cigs, cigars, hookah flavors and coals, papers, and almost every cigarette brand. The owner is amazing. If there is anything they don't carry, just ask and he will try to get it. The staff is always nice and helpful.
5	If you spend $50 in gas you get a free car wash! Owner is usually there when I go and he's very nice. They also have a thrifty ice cream inside and the gentleman that's always there is awesome! Tells me when new flavors are coming in and always helps me pick my flavors. I usually get the pints and the awesome part of that is you can put 2 flavors in 1 cup. I rather go here than scoops up the street because the service is that good. And the same for the gas station. It isn't the closest but I'm pretty loyal to good service.
