4	I love shopping here because they have a large variety of clothes to shop through. AND they're CHEAP! I can get 6-10 pieces of clothing for around $100-120. Downside, they're not the best quality. Fair warning: They do not accept any type of returns on dresses. You also only get exchanges or store credit when you purchase anything. I think as long as you know this, it's fair. I try on everything before I buy it anyways. If you don't like to try things on, then you probably would like to stay away. Otherwise, this place is great shopping for people who are on a budget. It's great for teenagers up to early 30's I would say. I have found some very trendy outfits and so not so attractive. But to each their own! The place is very organize and they stock clothing pretty often. The customer service isn't superior, but the girls are always willing to help, IF you ask them.
4	Cute little shop. Lots of cute outfits for my teen. Affordable. I have even bought a few things for myself.
5	This is by far my favorite store. I would rather drive here than drive to the mall. There is SO much to look at. Everything is color coordinated and easy to walk through. The store is clean and the staff is friendly. The prices are great too. I used to live by this location and then I moved further away from it. I still make the drive to this location because it is worth it.
1	I shop here all the time..VERY pissed off when I cannot return something even for store credit after SEVEN days...REALLY?! What a waste. The cashier (Liezle Radaza) had told me that the maxi skirt I got was the same as ones I've previously purchased. When it came time to wear the skirt I realized it was straight cut & did NOT fit the same at all. I brought it in to exchange for something new, & the SAME cashier was there & informed me about the seven day rule. So stupid. Would NOT recommend purchasing stuff here unless you KNOW it fits you right & you don't dry any of your clothes...Bc they WILL shrink.
5	This Rhapsodielle is a shining gem in surrounding chain stores! There are always cheap, good quality clothes here that are really cute! I enter this store to buy dresses for events like weddings, meetings, homecoming, etc. Other than clothes, they have a good stock of shoes and accessories located near the cash register in the back area! Also, their dressing room area is huge and mainly unused because the shop isn't very crowded! If you need cheap fashion and Walmart and Ross just aren't cutting it, visit this Rhapsodielle!!
2	This use to be one of my all time favorite stores! But it has changed soo much. The quality for some shirts or dress and pants is not worth the price. Everything is now like vail material. They use to have quality what happened?
4	Cute clothes and shoes. Cool if you need an outfit for a night out! Although some of the fabric is kind of flimsy, it makes for great summer clothes here in the Vegas heat!
4	If you love Forever 21 & H&M you'll love Rhapsodielle. Cute trendy clothes organized by color which makes shopping a breeze. But just like forever 21 the clothing is inexpensive AND cheap, meaning don't expect high quality here. Here, you'll mostly find cute outfits for date nights, GNO, weekend clothes as I call them. :) Which is fine for me. Who wants to spend loads of money on clothes that won't be "in fashion" within the next few months? Not me! I'd rather save that money for a great purse. :) Also be forewarned about their return policy. 7 days with the tags on for store credit or exchange only. So just know when you shop here, your money stays here.
1	I used to frequent this place a lot, but staff changes and the quality of the clothes is well...bad. First of, rude AF staff. If you don't know how to treat customers, you shouldn't be working at a customer service oriented job. And second of all, they use to have such nice quality clothes. The materials aren't so great anymore and it's become overpriced.
1	WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE ON THE PLANET! They are rude and never helpful. The clothes are okay but honestly its not worth it with how rude the employees are. Will never go back there again. Clothes aren't really good quality.
1	I live in the Northwest area of town and right down the street from this store. I went in this store today for the 1st time and for the last time! I will NEVER return to this store EVER! By far the worst customer service I have EVER experienced! Walked by 3-4 store associates and not a single "Hello" or "Can I help you find anything?" It was just a big ball of negativity the moment I walked into this store. Clothes was okay quality not very high but then again for the prices what can you expect. Attention management definitely look into your employees lack of customer service skills. Unless that's the type of business you want to manage which I highly doubt your corporate company would agree with. I will not be returning here and I will advise others to also stay away!!!
3	Clothes are really cute and very reasonable in price. There could be more accessories.. there is nothing but big bulky necklaces and a few gold earings. I have to say they have the WORST customer service that I have ever experienced. I was never greeted, never asked if I was ok or if I needed any help. They all spoke Spanish and walked around like they were the only ones in the store. It's not a comfortable atmosphere and management really needs to do something because it's like that every time I go in there but I keep going back because I can buy a lot for very little.
4	Cute clothes at a really affordable price! Basically like a forever 21 but cheaper. Sometimes it's a hit or miss. But the quality is still good for the price you pay, well for some items. I just hand wash everything, or do a cold wash and skip the dryer. Nothing has shrunk for me. This location is a lot nicer than the other locations, not as ghetto here. And this one has a proper dressing room. Not as many shoe choices here though.
