5	I was headed out for my birthday celebration, I had already purchased a dress, and I really wanted to get my hair done. It was late in the day and I wasn't sure if  ANY  salon would be able to take me, but I called Hello Gorgeous and they told me to come right over. I arrived and was met by MalissaAnn , who listened to what I would like to have done , and then she made it happen. She did suggest that I should have 2 additional inches off the back of my hair, and I agreed , I am so glad that she did, my hear looks healthier and fuller. The cut is awesome .She was really friendly , and I will definitely be back for a trim in a few months.While I was sitting there they were talking about lash extentions. I just HAD to know more about that... They introduced me to Xiomara, I think she pronounces it Zamara.  They were running a special of 15.00 I asked if she had time to do my lashes. She worked me in.  SCORE!She completed the task in 20 minutes .. AMAZING... 20 minutes and now I am batting my lashes at everyone ...I secretly wonder if it will get me my way ......Xiomara even does a loyalty program If you buy so many hair cuts .. or so many lash extensions ... you get one free. I left the card on my desk at work or I would have specifics people... But why don't you do yourself a favor and call her .. She will totally set you up.I will be going back for more lashes... I love that Xiomara can give me what I didn't have in the first place.Thank you Hello Gorgeous , I feel pretty and grlie.. and special .. Thanks for making my birthday that much better.
2	I saw Sharr R.'s review and was curious about the $15 eyelash extensions so I made an appointment to go in on a Friday afternoon. I have very thin, whispy eyelashes and love the look of fake eyelashes, I just hate the time it takes to apply them. Permanent eyelash extensions are done lash by lash, which creates a more natural look. This semi-permanent method uses clusters of lashes,  which are quicker and easier to apply but do not look quite as natural. Permanent eyelash extensions tend to run around $150 from what I have seen advertised, so $15 for semi-permanent seemed like quite the bargain.Before heading to the salon, I went home to remove my contacts and all of my eye makeup, as Xiomara had suggested I do. I arrived at the salon a few minutes before Xiomara was ready for me, so I scoped out the salon a bit. It's your standard, strip mall style salon. Not a bad place to get work done, but certainly not a 5 star setting. When she was ready to begin, Xiomara had me sit in a chair at one of the hair cutting stations. I expected someone that was working on my eyes to have me in the same position as someone that was working on my face... Flat on my back. I'm not sure if being in a more comfortable position would have made it easier for me to relax but my guess is that it would have. When Xiomara was putting the lashes on she commented on how much my eyelids were moving... And then another employee came over to watch and also commented that I should relax.... I'm pretty sure eyelid twitches are involuntary, but I was trying to relax. The last thing I wanted was glue on my eyeball! About 30 minute later I had fake eyelashes. They looked great and only felt slightly awkward. I was given a brush to use to blend them into my normal lashes and a loyalty card that offers your 6th visit for free (and referrals count as visits so if you go in mention my name!). Xiomara told me to be sure to come in if I wanted to remove the lashes, as pulling on them would also pull out my real lashes.Sadly only 2 days passed before a section of the lashes fell off when I was brushing them. It was Sunday, the salon was closed, so I ended up going to the beauty supply store to buy replacement lashes so I could fix my 'lash emergency'. I ended up being better then I expected at applying the lashes myself... I'm not sure I will spend the money having these done again since they don't seem to last as long as promised, and I can do the same thing at home for cheaper as long as I am willing to put the time into it...
5	All the stylists do great work at this salon!  Xiomara has been my stylist for the past few years and has always done a great job.  The atmosphere and staff are amazing!  I recommend anyone to go see Xiomara if they need an updated look, their eyelashes done, or any other service!
5	Ok I really liked it here. It was my first time here and I left with a great cut! It was comfortable and professional and I will totally go back and would totally recommend!
1	Shockingly aggressively rude and dishonest.  I ended up not getting a service, so I can't speak for the quality.  Have never experienced anything like it; am surprised they stay in business.  Be prepared to brace yourself.
