5	Best tacos al pastor I've had for a long time, everything else is pretty decent as well.  A dollar a piece for the tacos with all the stuff to go with it.  Call ahead and they'll have them ready for you.  I have to say I'm a regular now.
5	We eat Mexican food all over the valley, Sunnslope to Chandler and a few on the west side.  Grullo has the best bistek I've had. The nachos with green chili are my wifes favorite.  This is real Mexican food and affordable. for a comparison the bistek combo is $7.49. They serve Menudo and whole fried fish too.
5	Awesome food, combo burritos for 5.99 with rice and bean, salad. Salad bar is available for to go as well. Burritos is stuffed with meat!!!
2	Not very good. Lady behind the counter was really standoffish while I was asking my questions. Best part of the whole meal was the side of sliced avocado. Beans and rice were unflavorful and the beans taste canned. However they gave me a ton of food, so if you like quantity over quality this place might be good for you.
4	Came here with my 8 year old before a show at Mesa Arts Center, and the young man was easily bilingual which was good for this gringo. He took our order and we got our drinks. I had basic carne asada and the kid had bean and cheese burrito. It took a few minutes but it was all tasty and cheap. Everyone was very nice. Good meat on my burrito. Nothing too stringy or cooked wrong. I'd stop back.
4	Great place for tacos in Mesa.  Fabulous birria and good shrimp dishes.  We come back to try different plates and haven't found one we don't like yet.  Good service and clean.  Que mas quieres?
2	My wife and I stopped here for a quick bite while we were in Mesa just for the night.  I ordered the fish tacos and a Birria taco.  My wife ordered the green chili pork burrito.  None of them tasted that good...compared to many similar taco joints I've been to in the past.  The fish tacos for instance simply had way too much stuff on top which made it difficult to eat.  Sorry this was a miss for us however I do give them at least 2 stars for packaging everything so nicely on our to-go order.
