4	This business was recommended by people at my church.I went once, the prices were very reasonable, much better than other places, and the owner (Gary) very friendly.I would recommend.
4	I go to Chinese Church, and they recommended Gary.  I went there and I was quite happy.I have corrodred battery cable, he fixed for 15 bucks.   Very cheap, most places charge you this much for shop supplies.He also fixed my read brakes, much lower price and much better job than sun devil auto.
5	I was told about a possible brake issue around 200.00. I said go ahead and fix it. When I arrived, he found that the actual problem was something minor and only charged me 40.00!!! No mechanic has ever been this honest with me before. Oh yeah, be sure you talk to Gary.
4	Gary does a good job of balancing the cost of repair with the quality of your auto, unlike a lot of places that want to fix every little thing wrong with your car at (seemingly) the highest possible cost to you. If Gary thinks the cost of the repair is too high considering your 8-year-old car, or if he thinks that there's cheaper fix that will do, he'll let you know. And I appreciate that. I've had work done by him that literally cost me half of what another place quoted me. (!)The only negative for me is the fact them I am not Chinese and the language barrier sometimes requires some extra effort, but I've found it to be worthwhile.
5	I'm sad to hear that the 3rd reviewer has had such a bad experience with QAS but I'm going to have to give him (Gary) a stellar review.  I grew up in Tempe in the '60's and moved away and came about 7 yrs ago and have been scrambling to find a decent shop.  I tried Tony's Automotive on 56th and Thomas.  Tremendous service, quality work, and a price to match (ok, cheaper than a dealer I suppose?)     My brother-in-law, and 2 nephews have been going to Gary for years with no complaints, just bigger bank accounts.     When I 1st came to Gary, I was skeptical because of the "low overhead" decor of his facility.  And with all 1st time visits at a shop, I'm hoping for the best but preparing for the worse.     I, (coincidentally am Chinese), but I don't go to that church, and I don't speak a word of Chinese to save my life so it was a minor challenge to try and decipher what Gary and his wife were trying to convey.     To put things in perspective, I'm an above average (MHO) shade tree mechanic that has: 1) changed oi, 2)minor tune-ups, 3) brakes, 4) 4 cylinder valve jobs, 5) installed headers, 6) radiators, 7) fuel pumps, 8) clutches, 9) shocks, struts and blah blah blah     As I've gotten older, made a little more money, and have a wife and child that depend on reliable transportation, I've become dependent on others to do the work.      So, with my hands tied, (not literally), I handed him the keys to my ailing ride and said "have your way with her".   Here's a few of my observations/experiences using Gary's QAS:       1) He seemed to have a bunch of cars in his parking lot and on the rack, but he took the time to explain in his heavily accented english what was wrong with my car, what he changed, why he changed it and what the function was for said part.  He told me that he could have gone a more expensive route but that this was the best fix. (like the Jerry McGuire movie, he had me at the price)  The mechanics lesson was just a bonus.        I'd could bore you with all the different things he's fixed on my cars but I'm too lazy to walk away from the laptop and dig out the receipts.  But, prior to coming to Gary's, I usually would walk away from a shop with nothing less than $300 (like it was some sort of algebra equation y=$50x + $300)     Just for the fun of it, I should ask him what he'd charge for a fuel pump for my 1999 dodge caravan.  I took it to Tony's and it was, (are you sitting down clear of falling on sharp objects?) a blood draining $850!!     To date, I've never paid more than $275 for anything and the lowest was $75.  Maybe he's just nickel and diming me and getting the same amount per year as any other place but it feels like an free installment plan(?)  If you like those nice auto-salons with free coffee, massages and manicures, more power to ya.  If you like quality work at a reasonable price, go to Gary's QAS.  I'm happy as a lark and heavier in the pocketbook area (as Joey on Friends would say, "if you get my drift")
5	Our family has been coming to garys for years and have never had bad service here. Gary is quick, reliable and cheap. When my dad bought an old beat up f150, every mechanic said it was dead cause they couldn't change the oil because the kid was stuck. Finally we came here and Gary took the time to find a needle, insert it into the oil (tank?? I have no Idea) and pump the oil in then patch it up. He saved us a ton of money with that and has given life to another old minivan of ours that definitely stayed years longer thanks to Gary. However , like some people said, he is Chinese so it may be a bit difficult because of the language barrier.
