1	I heard a small hype about this place which is new in Charlotte. I've have many great nights out at the NC Music Factory so I was pretty excited to check it out. After spending a few hours at Fridays at the Factories we headed in to Wet Willies. We waited in a random line even though it was pretty empty inside. The hold up? They were using electronic handheld scanners to check ID's. I've never seen this in Charlotte, but I assume its no big deal. I thought wrong.The girls infront of us ID's would not scan, but they got pushed right thru. My friends ID scanned fine. My ID would not scan for some unknown reason. They tried 5+ times, but could not get it to register. So I'm just standing there.. waiting.. Finally after inspecting my ID like it was some kind of fake they show me this piece of paper. This paper has peoples names, addresses, etc. All sorts of contact information just laying out on the counter. They explain I have to write in my information to get in.Yeah right. You just let two females in, but want me to fill out some paper work? The bouncers had no ideas the females where with us so I pulled them and my friend back out. I explained I was leaving. They just gave me a 'so what' look. I walked next door and walked right in to Black Bear Saloon where the experience was great. After that I headed to Halo to finish the night .I will never go back to Wet Willie's and ensure everyone I know will avoid it.
1	HORRIBLE IS ALL I CAN SAY.. I am from MIAMI where wet willies is originally from on south beach. The vibe at the Charlotte Wet Willies is awful the drinks taste nothing like the way south beach wet willies taste. I would not recommend to anybody the place is an embarassing to have the Wet Willies name
2	Well, the call the cab is pretty good. but that may be all.  We had the kettle chips but it was just ruffles w/ cheese. The pizza was a sad excuse for pizza ragu.  Had to remind the mgmt about the fact that bathrooms need toilet paper on a saturday night. quite a disappointment. Well I will try another time to see  if they improve.
3	Daiquiri bar that has a great atmosphere... Great for summer time fun, but was kind of dead when I went in after work at 5:30.  I had a Pink Flamingo (strawberry/pina colada mix), was great... However, the menu doesn't have that much to choose from.Wait staff was efficient since there were only 3 people to be served.The waiter advised me that it picks up around 9pm which is normal for a weeknight in Charlotte.
4	All I could think about was both how awesome and bad for my liver (and pocketbook) a place like this would have been while I was in college.The bartenders did a great job of taking care of their customers and would mix any flavors you wanted! LOVED the pink flamingo. Great place to hang out--and can't wait to go back in the summer to get my frozen drink!!
3	When I lived in Charleston, I spent way too many nights at Wet Willie's drinking one flavor after another of the yummy daiquiris.  Alas, I no longer live in Charleston, and can no longer take in quite so many.  Even the samples they generally provide will do just fine, thankyouverymuch.Unfortunately for this particular location - at least when I have been - is that they seem to be generally somewhat on the empty side.  That is good if you want friendly service, but bad if you want a social environment.  You can only do so much if you are the only person in the place, right?  After all, a few "Call a Cabs" or "Shock Treatments" are only so much fun by yourself.Still, it is a nice setting, and it shows promise - it would just be so much better if it were elsewhere, and you could stumble around after you have had that awesome brain freeze and do something interesting, rather than figure out why you are out in the middle of nowhere on the wrong side of the tracks.  Concerts are nice, and a late-night breakfast at Mattie's is good, but your options there are limited.  Location, location, location!
4	Dance Floor gets jumping once all the "call a cab's" kick in...Nice crowd late 20's early 30's and the women come out to party and they walk up to you...always a plus
4	Went here with a friend and cousin, cool place but not my favorite willies. Don't get here before 11:00 no one is there but it is a nice place to go
1	Oh my goodness, this place is so bad it's almost funny.1. The alcoholic slushies somehow manage to have a rancid ether-like smell and to have seemingly no alcohol in them at the same time. They also taste strongly of food coloring. I could barely finish mine, which was highly recommended by the waitress.2. A friend of mine took one bite of his "cheesesteak" and didn't touch it again. I can only assume it was inedible. I hedged my bets and got chips and a trio of dips: salsa, spinach and artichoke, and "homemade" cheese sauce. I thought, how bad can this be? To hedge further, I asked the waitress if the cheese was actually made in house. "Um I don't know, I don't work in the kitchen." I would have prompted her to go find out, but I figured again (unwisely), how bad can it be? Here's a breakdown of how bad it was: the chips were stale. The salsa had a strangely off taste and smell...almost as though it was borderline bad. I took a few bites just to be sure, and my date did too. Yup. Something is wrong. The spinach and artichoke dip had a distinct freezer note. And the cheese sauce.  Ohh the "homemade" (it said so on the menu!!) cheese sauce.  I would bet my firstborn that pool of fetid yellow rubber was not conjured in house. If it was, holy crap, these people need to fire their cooks.3. We were in the quiet part of the bar, relatively speaking, and it was still fairly noisy. After sometime around 9:30-10, someone turned up the music so loud we were shouting over it. We settled our bill and got the heckfire out of there.Not many places raise my ire to scathing one-star levels, but Wet Willies did in a big way (this is probably abundantly clear). The real tragedy is that it seems like people consider this a fun place to hang out with decent daiquiris. I can only thank God I'm not in the drink-my-face-numb phase of my life anymore, if this is how the young'uns get it done in Charlotte.
2	Typical Wet Willies. Really frozen, overly sweet drinks. It was really hard to finish them. However, the bartenders were good and the live music was good. I happened to be here killing some time while it rained during the OAR/SOJA show at the amphitheater. I'll go back if I'm in the mood for a frozen concoction. Oh - the tequila finger shots were the best!
3	We have been to the Comedy Zone three weeks in a row now, and every week we walk by the entrance to this place it has been dead. Weekdays are not busy, so I wouldn't plan a trip during the week unless you wanted to sample the Karaoke on Wednesday night.  Although I will say the last show we came out of on Wed. still had no one inside to even sing. Anyway, last night we got to our show a little early so we decided to pop in here first for some daiquiris. I wanted the biggest bang for my buck so I got the high octane Call a Cab, and my wife got the Pina Colada. Hers was tasty and delicious, mine was not, but I bought it for the kick not the taste. My wife said it was like a Luden's cough drop with some grain alcohol, I didn't argue. After the show we stopped back in and there was a little more of a crowd. The bartender Ace was probably one of the nicest people I have ever met in the service industry, just felt I had to give him a shout out he was that pleasant to talk to. I had him mix chocolate and strawberry flavors and that concoction was a nice follow up drink to the show before we left in search of grub.I read some bad reviews for this place concerning the food, but use common sense people with Mattie's diner and VBGB right around the corner you don't come to Wet Willie's for the food you come for the brain freeze. A good spot to start a date or drop by in the middle of one, but no reason to spend more then 30 minutes here. Drinks are sweet and tasty so there is that motivation to bring a woman here, but the crowd and atmosphere probably won't keep you here for long.
3	Having been to the Wet Willie's in both Charleston and Savannah, I was pretty excited to see one open in Charlotte.  They serve food, but to me this is a "drinks only" type of place.  They primarily serve ready-mixed daiquiris, but you can also create your own by mixing flavors.   When you walk in, you will see about 30 machines behind the bar with names like "Call a Cab", "Mind Eraser", and the usual suspects like "Sex on the Beach" and margaritas.  I had a "Call a Cab" which is made with 190 grain alcohol so obviously it is super strong.  The alcohol actually burned my throat a little bit.  As the name says, you don't want to drink this if you're driving afterwards.The layout of this Wet Willie's is actually nicer than the ones in Savannah and Chucktown.  There is a small stage where dj's and bands can set up, complete with a dancefloor, plus a patio in front and one in the back overlooking the amphitheater,  There is also a nice little room in the back with couches, seats, and tvs where you can relax.  So, if you happen to be at the NC Music Factory for anything, dip into Wet Willie's for a frozen concoction.
4	Wet Willies is a chill place to go on the weekends. It's 21 to get in, and when you walk in there are about 15 flavors behind the counter where you can get frozen daiquiris. The place doesn't pick up until late in the night. Great place to people watch!
4	I've been to Wet Willie's Charlotte quite a few times and have enjoyed my experience every time I've gone. The drinks are cost-efficient and get the job done. For $9 you can get a large, strong, slushie-like alcoholic drink (and a cool cup you can keep and use later). It's a great place to pre-game and then head out to your destination for the night. When they first opened they charged guys $5 after a certain time, but I don't think they do that anymore. I've never ate there, I think Wet Willie's focus is on their drinks so I stick to that. I didn't find the place too loud like some of the other posters its a typical bar. My friends and I were able to talk and even hit the dance floor for a couple of songs. The waiters are friendly and the drinks are strong. I recommend this place!
3	Wet Wilie's - An institution of the South!This is a great concept- frozen, alcoholic, slushy drinks! Who doesn't like that?? Wet Willie's, for those who don't know, serves up a multitude of frozen daiquiris. Some of the combination's, quite frankly, taste like a chemical spill gone bad, while others are pretty tasty! They come in three different sizes and are "spot on good" on a hot southern day!The food at Wet Willie's is typical bar type food...Not the best, but not the worst either.This location is conveniently located in the NC Music Factory complex (Time Warner Uptown Amphitheater) Directly adjacent to the Comedy Club. It's a big spacious place, nice and clean, and the staff are very friendly!
1	Never made it inside Wet Willie's. The guy at the front door would not let us in because we had hats on. Yep, hats. LAME! My brother had a baseball cap & my buddy had a fedora on. Are they trying to be "upscale"? This is Wet Willie's right? By the looks of the insides, you were in need of patrons. We walked right across the hall to Saloon and were welcomed right in, hats and all. Sorry Willie, we won't be back! I'm sure the frozen concoctions are good, but it's the principal.
4	Your experience at Wet Willie's depends on A. the location, 2. the music, and 3. the crowd. Compared to the Wet Willie's in South Beach, Miami, Charlotte sucks. BUT this isn't Miami, it's Charlotte, so you take it how it is. Went here on a Friday night and was very disappointed because they had a live band playing all night, which was so-so. But the crowd was and older crowd(30+) who didn't seem to know how to have a good time. Since that time, I've been back 3 times, all on Saturdays. The music is great, the drinks are the same(we always have a few shots & mixed drinks along with our slushies), and the food is tasty. I have tried the spinach dip(not so good) and the bbq wings, which I adore! The sauce is soooooo good, I get their wings every time I go. I even dream about them during the week haha.My best bet, is to go on a Saturday night, get really drunk, and dance like noones watching and I guarantee you'll have a blast!
4	I've been to Wet Willie's in Miami a few times and always had a good time and decided to give the one in Charlotte a try.  The crowd in Miami was usually pretty hype. I went with a group of friends after leaving the Comedy Zone.  The crowd was nothing like the one in Miami but that was fine with me.  Nowadays I have to mentally prepare myself for the hypeness.  Definitely don't like being unexpectedly hot and sweaty when I go out.  Our server was very friendly and asked us right out the gate if we wanted to sample any drinks before we ordered.  Of course my friends and I said "Yes!"  I tried the "Margarita, Sex on the Beach, Bahama Mama and Mango."  After my mini taste test I decided to go with the Mango.  Crazy thing is that I don't even like mangoes but my Wet Willie's Mango treat in a cup was shear ambrosia.  Aside from the great service and delicious drink the live band that was playing that  Friday evening was amazing.  As with most bars and clubs the crowd is different every night but if you give me a good drink and great music who cares about the crowd.  A good time is what you make it.  I'll definitely be going back.
4	Friendly staff and stiff slushies.
3	I used to come here often when they were "the place to be"... well on this day (yesterday, 06/06) if I would have seen a Tumble Weed roll by i would have know it was from this place and NOT the sidebar "The Saloon" (get it??) Anyway, we walked in around 7:30ish (just killin time before The Comedy Zone show) much to the surprise of (i counted) 7 employees, sitting down by the bar, some over by the tv. the bartender was some kid that looked as shocked as we did that we were there. She'll have a Call-a-Cab, I'll have a Call-a-cab mixed w/ Apple please.16.00I finished mine, but my company cldn't... "eewww its too strong.. blah blah blah"If you been to one, you've been to em all.. This spot though.... well just subtract all the people, the music, the fun, the crowd, basically anything that would draw you to any OTHER WW and you'll fill right at home. lol...smh. This place reminds me of Fat Tuesdays.  TIP... UNLIKE "The Saloon" you CAN NOT take your drinks to The Comedy Zone. No Bueno!! especially if your drinking Call a Cab's.
4	Wet Willie's  is a pretty nice bar in the downtown Charlotte area.  Some friends and I went here on Saturday night and we were greeted with a live band. While I normally hate live bands at bars because I don't want to shout over my friends, this band was good and got the crowd going.Anyway the drinks were super strong and I had a lot of fun.  If you are looking for a great time mix the Call a Cab with the Sour Green Apple guaranteed a good time.  Also, there's no cover!!!!!
2	I am sad to report a good friend of mine is moving out of the Charlotte region and a trip to a place that touted an assortment of delicious frozen drinks was in order.Atmosphere- The place looks really cool but it doesn't exactly scream Wet Willies...I mean I pictured giant plastic ears or even perhaps Willy Nelson plunging into some water, but this place looked a bit more like a jazz club. It's definitely very nice inside, just not what I expected. For a Saturday night at 9pm it was fairly empty . We were stopped at the door to show ID's (kind of odd since it was empty ..you would think the bartender could handle it). We had a group that attempted to meet us afterwards and was not let in because one  gentleman was wearing summer clothing (a sleeveless shirt but it was tasteful...) , come on' it's a frozen drink bar, chill out (hehe) ! The only other problem with the atmosphere was that they had a band/or musician warming up...but this took a ridiculous amount of time and we were treated with incessant screeching throughout our stay.Drinks- There were several to choose from and I tried 3 or 4 flavors (as you're encouraged to sample) but all were entirely too sweet or just plain icky, so I felt bad but I decided to wait until the next place we visited to order a drink. I will say only 2 out of the 5 ladies in our group decided to get drinks. They just weren't very good in all honesty. Service- The two bouncers were very friendly but our bartender didn't so much as crack a smile.  Overall I don't think I'll be returning to WW. They take themselves very seriously...perhaps a bit too seriously. A frozen drink place should be fun, this really wasn't.
4	I always make a visit to Wet Willie's a part of my annual trip to Charlotte and my latest visit was as enjoyable as always.It is a fun bar that is good for hanging with your friends, drinking and just listening to music.  The food is basic bar food but they do it well.  I had the chicken tender and french fries and both more than met my needs.Drinking I had one of their slushies/slurpees or whatever they are filled with alcohol.  I had the Superman which I was told was one of the strongest drinks on the menu and they were not cheap with the alcohol.  They were also having 2 dollar jello shots and in my past experience you can't really taste alcohol in jello shots well these were some strong shots because I could definitely taste the alcohol.  I definitely left full and with a buzz after my visit.Come out to Wet Willie's if you want a cool place to hang with friends, have some drinks and a good time.
4	"Call-A-Cab" they said ! & I agreed. Daiquiri's are awesome. Nothing special about the food, but the service was great as well.
3	I stopped by for a quick drink with a couple friends the other night and it was pretty cool... Since I was already at another party and meeting some folks after they took in a show, I ordered a regular drink instead of frozen... Honestly, I don't even remember the name of it because I had my cousin order it for me before I got there, but it was good... The servers were all very nice and immediately greeted me when I arrived at the bar, which I love... (It annoys me to see people standing behind the bar, going through great pains not to acknowledge a patron...) These guys were incredibly friendly... There was a DJ, too... He played some pop music and it seemed to go over okay with the crowd... It was a decent time, but I'm not really into the clubby bar scene, so I won't be back for that... They do have improv comedy in the back room a couple nights a week, though, so I'll absolutely be in attendance at some point...
4	Triple play!  WE went in the middle of the day, so it was fairly quiet. But our waitress was very knowledgeable of the drink menu and made awesome suggestions. She also didnt hesitate to give us samples just to make sure we ordered something we liked. Food was ok, but definitely a "just get the wings" kinda place =p
2	Let me start by saying that I love frozen drinks. I'm usually not too picky about  them as long as they are well balanced. I have to say this place probably has the worst frozen drinks that I have ever come across. In my life. Sugar + chemicals + food coloring + alcohol = drinks at Wet Willies. :( Bummer. There is redemption though! The space is great and our server was wonderful. The patio is ideal for listening to outdoor music and enjoying the summer weather.
3	This was fun but I'm not sure I would go again. They definitely have every flavor you could ever imagine but they all taste like flavored syrups. Which is fine if that's what you're into, but fresh fruit drinks would be better. It fits if you're just getting a quick drink on before heading to a concert on a hot hot hot summer night. Plus I'm a big ol wuss and could hardly guzzle it without getting insane brain freeze. Ouch!
1	2nd time at this location and it just doesn't compare to the other Wet Willie's. It was a Thursday and the place was dead. We sat at a high top table and our server came over within a few minutes but it took a good 10+ minutes for her to come back with the drinks... when she finally came back she apologized and said she was tied up with a big party (we guessed it was the group on 7-8 people since the place didnt have many patrons). We had one drink and moved on.
3	Pretty cool hot spot in the Music Factory. I've been to the Charleston location many many times and main difference is the Charleston bar seems to always have live music going. The Wet Willies in Charlotte is actually the biggest Wet Willies in existence (fact for you!) and will occasionally have live music on the weekends but would love to see more acts throughout the week. The slushies are of course quite tasty and I highly advise mixing the flavors - to get them straight up is strong and the Call-A-Cab on it's own is like medicine. Mix it with Shock Treatment and Attitude Improvement to create a 'Superwoman' and you got yourself one tasty libation. When the bar first opened the drinks were pretty cheap. I figured they would increase and of course they did so now a large runs you $10 - remember most of the flavors are made with grain alcohol, which can knock you on your ars (yeah... I said ars...) but still $10 for a drink? Yeah... not my favorite part of this bar. And be advise, place has no wine and 6 domestic bottles you can choose from... but hey, the place is known for the slushies - get a slushy!And if you're hungry, the food is GOOD! Not like bar food at all but props to Wet Willies for having amazing sauces, such as the tequila glazed wings, and flavorful spices, like the kind that comes in the quesadilla, that really sets the food apart from other bars. And they don't skimp on portions either - you'll get satisfied or full, depending on your order and I highly advise stopping in for lunch or dinner to start your evening. Great patio as well that faces the Uptown Amphitheater, which means if there is a show you can chill on the patio and hear the band perfectly... you don't see them but you still get to enjoy the tunes!
3	08/11/13Sisters, BIL, and I arrived an hour before the concert next door at Uptown Amphitheatre, so we stopped at Wet Willie's for drinks and a bite to eat.  After IDs were checked, we sat ourselves.  (No one greeted us save security, and everyone else were seating themselves...)  The colorful murals that adorned the bar wall with all the daiquiri flavor machines made up for the initial disappointment caused by the wafts of stale beer that greeted me at the door.  With so many machines already churning out varieties of daiquiris, I knew that I wouldn't be able to try them due to corn allergy (corn syrup), so I asked our server MJ if they had mojitos (no- discontinued daiquiri flavor; I was looking for the actual drink, anyway), or wine (no).  Just bottled beer (standard domestics- Coors, Michelob, Bud, and YuengLing lager).  "Mixed drinks" consisted of vodka or Jack Daniels.  Sisters ordered Bahama Mama and Pina Colada, BIL had a Yuengling, and I ended up with a Michelob Ultra- not bad, a little too bland, but no bitterness or aftertaste, and it went well with the pepperjack cheeseburger, with bacon I ordered. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wet-willies-charlotte?select=cvHa6c7-QyV7IMghtJ7fZA#cvHa6c7-QyV7IMghtJ7fZA  The bun top had a dusting of cornmeal, so I set it aside, but the rest of the burger was delicious!  Cooked medium, had a nice kick from the pepperjack cheese (older sis found it too spicy), and had nice flavors and textures (good bread!)  Bacon was a bit too greasy, but I didn't pat them down with a napkin to absorb some of the oil like I normally do, so it was partly my fault.  Baby sis claimed them eventually, after everyone else devoured the chips and salsa app they had ordered.  BIL had asked for a Philly cheesesteak (made with grilled onions and mushrooms and topped with a homemade cheese sauce), but MJ must've forgotten it when I asked him about the beverage selections.  No worries, since the rush order didn't take long (two to three minutes?), was hot (not cold at all, considering it arrived so soon after the discrepancy was mentioned, and it was complimentary (due to the order being forgotten).  The fries here were TERRIFIC!  We all raved about them, and for a non-gourmet restaurant, the fries here were some of the best I've ever bitten into (delicious flavor and perfectly-crisped)!  The plastic daiquiri beverage glasses had Wet Willie cartoon-comic graphics on them, so I asked MJ if we could take them home with us, and he said yes.  My sisters didn't want to keep them, so I now have souvenirs for this Charlotte trip!  :)Could've been 3.5 stars if the beverage selections were larger, and please work on eradicating the stale beer smell!  Women's restroom was clean and stylish though, considering WW could be considered a dive bar...  Perhaps the restroom is part of The Comedy Zone, which WW shares the floor with?  p.s.  There is an overlook/patio where people can dine and listen in to the concerts next door.  You won't be able to see the stage, but you'll get to people-watch!  (I wonder how we all looked awashed with the lights from the stage?)  People smoke around the concession stands and restrooms below, though, just so you know...
4	We hit up Wet Willie's when we want to listen to a band that is at the Uptown Amphitheater but don't care to buy tickets to the actual concert.  We go early, grab a seat on the patio and enjoy the frosty adult beverages and yummy food until our butts go numb from the not-so-comfortable chairs.  I have stuck mostly to the margarita and the pina colado with strawberry daquiri (yeah, so I'm classic!), but most recently I sampled their WEAK WILLIE (due to my prego state) and it was delicious!  Refreshing and YUMMY and made me feel special because I was drinking something similiar to everyone else.  (SO IMPORTANT WHEN YOU ARE PREGNANT).  I ordered the chicken quesadilla and it was very good.  Only negative was it says it comes with fresh salsa......no it doesn't.  It comes with chopped tomatoes and chopped iceberg lettuce.  Maybe they have salsa and mine was just forgotten, but someone else at the table ordered them too and they didn't get it either.  Just be forewarned to ask for it, if that's something you like.  Bryan ordered the buffalo chicken wrap and it was also very good.  Service was good, too, for as busy as it was.  We will continue to be cheap vagrants and utilize this great patio for it's great listening perks and it's yummy treats!
3	First off....DON'T GET CALL A CAB! Can you say cough syrup? LOL An ex-friend of mine from Miami, raved about Wet Willies and how their drinks were so delicious. I wasn't impressed. I can make better adult slushies at home, for less money. Although, I will say some of the flavors are pretty good, but nothing to lose your panties over.  My best friend and I also had the chicken quesadilla's, which tasted pretty good! What the hey, give it a try! Nothing to lose...
3	Try tequila wings were delicious. Apple sour slussy was good. Love the music and the the concept
3	Good (but weak) drinks and typical bar food. Still, a decent place to grab some grub before a show at Comedy Zone!
3	It's Wet Willies.  They serve spiked slushies.The bad thing about this place is that you can't buy slushies and take them elsewhere like you can in Savannah.  All of NC Music Factory should become a beer garden with whatever licensing they need so I can buy a slushie and take it to another venue in the NC Music factory.  That will get it more stars. It just seems so short sighted for NC Music Factory to not do that, but NC does have crazy liquor laws.
4	Visited Wet Willies last weekend. I reviewed this location prior to visiting. I enjoyed myself, drinks were cute. DJ did his thing with a mix of old/new school hip hop and R&B.Try the tequila wings!
4	It's like being at the prom and spiking the punch!! Spiked slushies! Great environment although I couldn't really hear the music it was fine because I had an attitude improvement mixed with the shock treatment! Guest staring the White Russian! Yeah it was a great night! All located on the NC Music Factory!! Stay tuned for part two!!
3	The slushies are awesome!  Who doesn't want slushies with alcohol?My first experience was great.  The bartender was very friendly, gave us recommendations,  etc.The 2nd time was the reason I'm giving 3 stars. First of all it was not crowded or anything. The bartender was rude,  moping around the bar, looking at the receipts in front of the customers for the tips, and last but not least,  I heard him call a customer a b**** behind her back when she had asked about the food menu. It ruined the whole vibe of the experience and made us leave earlier than intended.
2	OK...wet willies is only getting 2 stars because let's face it....they have 190 proof liquor.  THATS IT! We came here tonight to get a little octane on....we waited 10 mins to finally have someone acknowledge us...we got our drinks and asked him if we could order food and have it delivered outside and he said he would rather us not....which I understand as an ex bartender....we went outside and waited 30 mins for someone to take our order ..after waiting an eternity for food the burger was not medium like we asked for but well done,I asked for Italian dressing and never saw it...finally after we were done for 20 mins waitress came back and asked if we needed anything I said I would have liked dressing she said oh we don't have that...so I said I would have liked to know that before I ordered...she said sorry..comped the salad bit all is well since the drinks are 190 proof lol...gotta love itPs my husband had a headache and a stomach ache all night after the food and it wasn't from drinking, he had only drank 2 ...the drunk limit on those for us is 3 and the omg I'm so sick drunk limit is well beyond that
3	Drinks were great, but the bartender was rude! My party and I had already had a few drinks over at VBGBs, and we walked over to Willies. Once in, we went up to the counter to order some drinks. Having never been there before, my friend asked what drink tasted like chocolate, and the bartender snarked at her that "Chocolate tasted like chocolate." When we tried to order the Call-a-Cab, he asked if we liked Robatussen. While I do appreciate being warned about the flavor of the drink, his attitude was pretty annoying. I've also been to the Myrtle Beach location, where the bartender was very sweet, offered to get us samples, and kept checking back in on us since we were seated at the bar. As everyone else has warned, don't order Call-a-Cab by itself - it's hard to drink. But everything I have tried (Shock Treatment, Chocolate Thunder, Sour Apple) was delicious.
2	I guess it's a catch 22 with Wet Willie's. On one hand, there isn't really a competition since there's not another adult slushee place. On the other hand, it's really not worth it.  I came here with a group of girls for my friend's bachelorette party. It was about 8 of us. And they simply do not have a big enough table for a group of our size. The service was not the most desirable, but that's not without trying (I can at least recognize the effort). Food arrived at different time, at which point they had no idea which one belongs to whom (isn't there seat # for that purpose?) And the bride-to-be was the next to last one to get her food (I arrived late and I still got my food before she did). The slushee was $11 for the large size, which is quite hefty of a price. The only "positive" I like to mention is that their chicken fingers were surprisingly not bad, and it actually seemed like it was frozen or from a box.
1	this has to be the worst place I have been to in Charlotte. table was dingy and the salt and pepper shakers were sticky. I have had a better beer selection at college parties in a hotel room. ALL the workers in the place congregated at the end of the bar like they were patrons, ignoring customers. The nachos we ordered would not hold a flame to those you would find in a gas station. The salad was borderline disgusting. The green bits had started to turn and the rest was these huge white pieces I can only imagine were from the stalk. I've also enjoyed better service at Chic-fli-a. This is the perfect example of an episode of Kitchen Nightmares or Restaurant Impossible
1	will not be going back
1	Horrible experience, the waitress walked by Nearly 10x and never made eye contact our asked us what we wanted. I've only ordered food During the day,but based off this experience I'll probably not come back for either. I don't feel like I should flag you down to do your job. I am here to relax not chase waitresses down.  store# Charlotte nc
1	I usually do not write reviews but today I received the worst service I have ever seen. Coming from a restaurant manager myself I have seen all types of stuff and all types of things but this I have never. We came in it was 7 ladies. Tim (who says he is a manager) was the ONLY one working it was around 3:30. One of the girls with me asked how are the salads he responded "I mean there salads", we let it go.. When he came back she said are y'all tacos good, he responded "I mean there tacos, you can't miss up tacos" at this point we are getting his bad attitude so I said wow your very sarcastic and he said "thank you" and I told hem it wasn't a compliment. Another person with us ordered a burger but she did not know what came on or it was some type of confusion. So when it came out she said I wanted everything on it he responded in a VERY hostile and high voice "YOU TOLD ME YOU WANT THIS" and kept going back and forth with her.yelling. This is to make a long story short. The moral of the story as a manager or a employee the customer is ALWAYS RIGHT! NO MATTER WHAT!!! You don't know how many times I been cursed out and couldn't act that way back. But we were not even rude to hem at all in the first place. I have never seen a employee or manger or treat anyone like this in my years of customer service!! When we were leaving we told hem how rude it was and that he should treat people better because that was unnecessary and he said "thank you" never once apologized or anything. When a customer is upset no matter if they are right or wrong you as a manager is suppose to apologize.  I will NEVER EVER IN MY LIFE return to this place! I am so disgusted by the service we received. There was a few people to witness this and they were even looking like they couldn't believe it. As I said no workers were there and then after it happen two other employees walked in and he was trying to act nice. As they all say at the bar and ate their lunch. And I never known employees could eat in front of guest: but that's the least of my concern out this whole thing .
4	Fairly inexpensive since it takes a little while to drink a frozen drink. Not a very loud atmosphere.  Good service on my trip.
