3	There are SO many movies playing at this theater!  And while these days there are less and less out there that I actually want to see, this is one of the closer theaters to me so we frequent it several times a year.  The national epidemic of bringing your kids to the movies has gone from an occasional nuisance, to a regular national disaster.  That said, I've pretty much just accepted that it's going to happen in most cases.  I find it happens less at earlier shows (as kids are still wide awake) so we try to do movie first and THEN dinner.  It helps.  The lines for tickets can be SO long - and most folks don't even notice the automated boxes where tickets can be purchased with an ATM card.  SO much easier.  They are often hidden by all the folks in line. Just walk right up to where you'd enter the theater and they are immediately to your left.  I've had awful experiences waiting in line for snacks.  I'm not a snack person, but we get the cups for $1 refills and even for $1 it's the same line as the 8 people in front of me spending $20 a pop.  Dang - concession stands are where the money is!  My suggestion is to try to avoid the line.  Go to the food court instead.  Most of the time they'll actually let you in w/ a drink from one of the mall retailers.   Other than that, sit back, turn off your cell.  And enjoy the show.
3	I don't really like going to this theater because it's conjoined to not only a huge mall but also game works. But, alas, you can bet you'll find a parking space - you just may have to walk a little bit. The theater is clean, easy to find and plays the hottest new releases.I saw Spider Man 3 here at opening day, midnight. I expected alot more of a snafu, but it was efficient enough that my friend and I got some really great seats - never mind having our butts go numb from sitting for 5 hours. I've been back since the premiere. It's a very easy place to find (so close to my place) so I think that's why I go.
1	My car AND my friend's car were both keyed in the parking lot here. I haven't been back since.
2	This theater isn't nearly as scary as people make it out to be - it's just a relic from the early 90s when Mills malls were the rage all over the country.  Now they just look dated and have a different crowd.I was dragged here on a Thursday night to lose a few brain cells watching a mind-numbing comedy with five other people in the entire ghost town of a theater. I'll never be able to get those hours back, but even if they offered refunds for that at the box office I am sure Harkins would direct us to the self-service machine only to have it break down on us.Melinda's card wouldn't swipe when we were trying to buy tickets on one machine - so we moved to the other machine where the transaction was successful, but the tickets and receipt didn't print.  We then had to go to the box office, which is exactly what those machines were meant to prevent, to tell them our tickets didn't print.  The manager simply just let us in.  I suppose we could have made up that story entirely.  Maybe we will next time.
4	This is the 2nd movie theater I have been to since moving to Arizona.  I thought it was fine and just like any other movie theater I have been to that is connected to a mall.  Yes, there were several shady characters trotting around after we got out of our movie at 9pm, and yes I saw far too much adolescent PDA but isn't that how all movie theaters are?  I guess I should branch out...Now that I reflect, my 3 stars are increased to 4 because I remember that my best friend and I actually commented about how nice the ticket ripper was!Important:Bring a sweater because it's very very chilly (like all movie theaters in my opinion)
1	worst movie theater I have ever been to. I went ad saw the Dark Knight here and babies were crying during the movie, the person a couple seats away started throughing up on the floor in the movie theater. I don't understand how people can bring kids or babies to a PG-13 movie and expect them to sit still the whole time GET A BABY SITTER . . . . . thats what I do. And if you don't feel good or are too drunk, don't go to the movies. Come on
2	This place is teeny bopper central. I never went to Arizona Mills before going to this theater, so I didn't think it was going to be that bad. Uhh, I was wrong. The theater itself was adequate. I just think that the massive crowds of high schoolers made me wary of ever coming to this place again. It is crowded as all heck. And I had the strangest feeling that people were looking at me like, "what are you doing here?" because I didn't wear my Twilight t-shirt and don't know the first thing about High School Musical.
3	On a Wednesday night at 6 PM, this is the place to see a movie.  Went and saw Observe and Report, (pretty funny, wife hated it) and the theatre overall was pretty solid.  No lines for the concession stand which was fully staffed made for getting great seats in our theatre.  Or maybe it was the fact we were the only people IN our theatre that made for getting great seats.  Overall it was a very clean theatre with clean rest rooms and i would go back again.
1	God, why did I ever go back?I had low expectations coming here again, because of what it was like the last time, but this time it was worse. We sat in these seats which reeked of BO, and had to move several times to a seat that wasn't nasally offensive. WTF.
1	Really people...REALLY?!Why let 3 month old babies into R rated movies.WHY?!Why at all!?FUCKING ASSHOLES.I blame1.  The babies.  That's right, I blame them.2.  The parents.  Trashy, selfish, fat idiots.3.  HARKINS for letting them in.Grrrrrrrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2	Where to begin. I've gone to the Arizona Mills theatres a few times now. The prior times have always been a good experience. That changed last night. Last night I went out on a date night with my wife. The theatre itself is fine. The screen is big, there is stadium seating and is reasonably clean for as many people seeing a show. The place was busy when we saw the show at 7:15 and was packed when we exited the movies 2 hours later. As I left the movie, the concession stand was about 10 deep in about 6-8 lines. This is what I had to deal with last night:-A crying baby at a rated R movie. The crying was throughout the movie and the parent was alone. I think the baby must have been upset with the violence and nudity on screen. WHY do this to a baby and the other patrons?-people consistently checking their phone to check a text/voice mail-People talking to the screen or chatting with their neighbor-A mother allowing her young child to treat the stairs like a personal jungle gym during the movie. The child was up towards the top and would run up and down. Again, why bring a baby or young children to a rated R movie? Hire a babysitter and have a few hours alone! I think the next time I check a movie out here, I'll stick to mid afternoon or stick to Tempe Marketplace..
1	oh man!  i couldn't agree more with sarah m. and emily w.!  wtf is right about this theater!?  babies crying, kids running around in the aisle while parents IGNORE this behavior, smelly people, bright, eye hurting cell phones...i could go on and on.what give harkins?  why do you allow this to keep occurring?  i will NEVER go back to this place and i will never have children!
4	The seats were nice and comfortable and fortunately the movie theater wasn't packed. This was my first time at a harkins and its just like your typical movie theater accept when you buy a soft drink they give you a reusable cup that you can bring back and get drinks for a dollar. I guess my only complaint was that this theater was a little seedy in my opinion but overall nothing spectacular just the same old movie house.
3	I wish I had a Harkins closer to home...I live across the street from an AMC. They have great deals if you get the souvenir cup ($1 refills) and large popcorn if you wear your Harkins shirt. If you are a movie goer this is a great value. Especially since this chain is an AZ based one. As for this specific location, its good. Nothing spectacular, I usually only make my way here if it is to meet a friend half way or to watch something on IMAX. My only issue on this visit was while at the IMAX theater I kept hearing the employee walkie talkie going off and conversations on said walkie talkie coming from the back control room area. Get your employees ear pieces...
2	This location is more hood stats given the area. You'll definitely see a younger crowd here at the late shows on the weekends. Don't be surprise when you see people with strollers or young toddlers at a midnight showing of a Rated R film, that's just how they roll around here. (shaking my head) Oh well, I'm not giving the low rating because of some people's questionable parenting... although kids crying can ruin the experience which thankfully did not happen at this showing. I'm rating it low because their seats smells... it smells like sweat. Yea... gross, huh? Maybe they all don't but I doubt it. I've been here a couple of times and always had an uneasy feeling about the cleanliness. This last time just did it for me. No matter how convenient the showtime is (which is what usually makes it the deciding factor for us to come here), I'd much rather go to marketplace, chandler mall or tukee from now on.
2	I see a film about once a week.  Meeting friends for a movie means that sometimes we meet at Harkins in Tempe.  After this last time we agreed to all drive a bit further to another location.  This means closer to my house, woot woot.Cons:- I brought a jacket because it gets cold inside theaters but once inside I decided to cover my entire seat with it.  I was concerned that I would catch lice or be bitten by a bed bug.-  The theater smelled like a bus station.  To clarify, it reeked of bodily orders of the unknown type.  Smelled like B.O. , beer and dirty cigarettes.  Please free-breeze the seats or the people as they enter.-Its too warm inside the theater.-Some of the theaters are small and the pictures are blurry.  Blurry is never good because they would never restart the film to correct the issue.  - I felt that I was at the airport with all the security.  I buy a ticket, give it to the guy to rip to enter, notice the armed officer, buy a $5 icee (they are great) walk through another gated area, show my requested ticket stub, arrive at the door and have to dig through my hand bag to show a third person my ticket.  I felt that someone should have told me to hold on to my passport oh I mean my ticket till I was in a chair.  Now during the film, here comes the head counter guy.  Really? I wonder what happens when the count is off?  Everyone is placed on the no film list?Pros:-The bathrooms are clean.-  Families feel welcome to bring their children.  Even though they may cry its nice to see parents participating positively with their kids.  But if its rated R please leave em with grandma.-  The student discount.  This makes Harkins about $2 cheaper for me.  I love it and will continue to frequent other Harkins locations because of the discount.
1	I hate this theater. It really just sucks.
4	The employess seemed friendly and effiecient. I had no problem getting in with my Ohio id or anything. The theatre was clean also. Nice
2	This movie theatre needs a good cleaning.  It's just old enough that your feet are starting to stick to the floor.  But gotta love those $1 drink cups.  We went there because the movie we wanted to see started when we wanted to see it, but wouldn't go back  unless we  had the same issue.  Sticky feet just really don't do it for me.
4	Oh Harkins, I have to say no matter if I'm at Az Mills Mall, Tempe Market Place, or Chandler Fashion Center, you provide the same good service.  Took my son to the midnight preview of Breaking Dawn Part 1, yes we are fans, and was surprised that Harkins started seating us at 9:30, in the past when I took him to the midnight showing of Harry Potter I remember standing outside for hours LOL but it was nice to be seated and out of the cold and they had multiple rooms opened. Also Hats Off to Harkins Az Mills Mall, you guys went out of your way to making the waiting time better by offering little contest that pertained to the movie and giving out Harkins swag bags with 2 gift cert, a loyalty cup & shirt for 2012 to those who knew the answers & for running the little contest every hour till midnight! Great job!  I'm a movie freak so I will be back to one of those Harkins soon LOL
5	This is my favorite theater.  Might have something to do with the fact that it is closest to home.  Parking is easy, staff are quick and friendly, never a wait for concession and theaters are never very crowded. I like taking the kids to the Harkins summer movie program.  Great deal- 10 movies for $7 total.  Plus we always buy a t-shirt for $25 and have free popcorn all year.
3	I've experience better as this is the "tween" hangout on the weekends. Sadly (for Harkins), I am an NCM (AMC) loyal customer. The staff is friend and helpful.
2	This is a reasonably modern theater with good stadium seating, decent prices on concessions, and decent ticket prices (plus they have student tickets).  I also like their loyalty cup program (buy a four dollar cup and you get refills for a buck for the balance of the year).There are plenty of downsides, though.  My primary complaint is that they don't do enough to keep the screening environment pleasant.  The patrons are very loud and very rude, and the theater staff just ignores it.  The last movie I saw here was full of talkers.  The guy sitting in front of me was texting and surfing the web on his Blackberry the whole time, and at one point in the middle of the movie he actually GOT ON HIS PHONE and had a conversation.  What the hell man?  Now a rude patron isn't the fault of the movie theater, but when the manager was standing ten feet away and didn't intervene, that's not right.  They should enforce their no phone policy and make the experience comfortable for the rest of us.  Also, they don't shut the door to their auditoriums, which mean light from the hall gets in and hits the screen.  Very distracting.There are plenty of better megaplexes around here.
4	I like harkins. This isn't as good as some of their newer ones, but it's still good.  Seats were comfortable, sound system was OK, screen was a tad small (but maybe I'm getting spoiled).  Staff seemed friendly.  It was a good experience.Last time we were here we did the IMAX, and it is a great IMAX.
4	Just like any other Harkins, this place is nice. Busy with all the AZ Mills pedestrian traffic, so it's a bit more crowded. Prices for condiments are steep, but that's every Harkins. I'll be back. Their theatres are fine and play movies well.
3	I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this place sooner. This isn't my go to theater, but they often have more convenient showing times so I've been here a few times over the past few months. Everything's been pleasant when I've gone. It helps that I don't usually visit during peak hours, but even then I've never had anything to really complain about. It's just ok.
4	Come early! I love all Harkins Theaters, this one is one of the busiest!
3	I love Harkins Theaters in general, but this one simply doesn't seem to be kept up as well as most. It's a little dingy, the bathrooms aren't typically in great shape, the screens themselves are good sizes and the chairs really are comfy, but the concession stand dosen't seem as clean as it should be and it typically has the movie theater sticky floor going on. Harkins AZ Mills really is A-OK, but there are enough other theater choices that I typically make this one my la
3	It's a theater. I hate the mall, but this is the closest theater to my house. Saw some good movies here, and some terrible ones. Would be higher rating, but the young crowd that hangs out here kind of bothers me. Something strange about a 12 year old trying to bum cigarettes outside...
4	If I was writing this review a few years ago-probably on a typewriter, I'd suggest that unless you wanted to see the movie badly, to save your money and wait a couple of months before it is on video. That was then. Now the multiplex theater has evolved from a place to see movies into an experience. Harkins Theater at Arizona Mills is the quintessential modern multiplex.   Harkins Theaters at Arizona Mills features stadium seating. It was enjoyable to see Wreck It Ralph instead of the back of a stranger's head. The screen was enormous. Movie Theater companies have gotten smart and have gone back to building movie theaters instead of large rooms with a screen. In addition to the enormous screen, the surround sound put me into the action.   Harkins Theater at Arizona Mills has a major advantage over many of their competitors. They are adjacent to a four star food court. In my case filling up at the food court's Nathan's put to rest my usual craving for expensive movie theater popcorn and cola.  I felt that paying approximately $10 for a movie on Friday night was worth it. That is a couple of dollars more than fast food.  I usually don't factor in service with a smile when I go to the movies. However, I give credit where credit is due. When the movie ended and the lights came back on, it was nice to hear the employees thanking us for visiting Harkins Theaters.   Seeing a movie when we visited Arizona Mills was unexpected. We parked near Priest Road instead of I-10, on the side where Harkins Theater is. By the time the movie ended, the mall was closed and it was a long walk in the night to get to the car. Fortunately we did not leave a horror movie. I conclude this review with a tip. If you plan on seeing a movie, it will make a major difference parking on the side nearer I-10.
4	A real IMAX theatre, not just named one.  It has the trademark 4 story tall screen.  An IMAX movie will cost more than the standard screen, but it's worth the experience.  Try to plan your visit.  Use the restroom before the movie, and drink your beverage slowly.  The stairs to go to or from your seat are a steep grade.  Also, during a crowded showing, it might be difficult to get to your seat.  Those with vertigo should be careful
1	So it's New Years Day. I got up at 7 am and drove 40 miles so we could have breakfast at Chompies in Tempe then catch a 10:45 showing of "The Hobbit" at Arizona Mills Imax. We got our tickets, bought a drink, found a seat watched the same coming attractions we had seen last week in Harkins Casa Grande. When it came time for the Movie to start they tuned on the lights and said "the projector is broken this showing is cancelled" . They gave us 4 return passes but so what. We have lived in this area for 10 years and this is the second time we have been there. Driving 80 miles to see a movie takes the fun out of it. Screw You Harkins
3	The theater is your typical nice Harkins theater with an IMAX next door.  My main issue with the theater has nothing itself to do with the theater but with the mall itself.  Maybe it's because of its location to Guadalupe or South Phoenix but the crowd can be a little sketchier at times then say the crowd going to Tempe marketplace.
1	About one hour into the movie (there were only two of us in the theatre), I notice a shadowy figure enter the arena and walk up almost to the top row where I was seated. He then went down and walked across the floor and did the same thing on the other aisle. Is this Harkins policy to disturb moviegoers and distract patrons by traversing through the place midway through a movie? I nearly yelled out to see what this usher was doing because after what happened in CO, you don't want to be wandering around the theatre. Somehow else might go after the guy if they didn't know this was the Harkins stupid policy. Will send a letter to corporate to confirm that this is acceptable. It was $7 for a matinee and the sound system was good, but back to AMC where nobody is stalking me during the movie. Lose the policy.
1	Thank you for your email and for the chance to assist you. (not Really) Auditorium patrols provide a multi-faceted level of service to our guests.  Ultimate Moviegoing is something we strive to provide to each of our guests every time they visit.  Having a manager patrol the auditorium ensures that the ambient temperature is comfortable, and that the presentation of the film as well as the sound are perfect.  The sooner we know about any complications the faster we can resolve them.  Also, we have found that having a manager walk through the auditorium provides our guests with the chance to speak with them about any concerns without having to leave the auditorium and miss any of their movie.
3	It's a Harkins so it has all the perks. Souvenir cup ($1.50 refills), popcorn shirt and military/student discounts. This theater is a good place to come during the early morning or early afternoon, but I would not recommend coming here after that. It's a big teen hangout and has a lot of traffic, because of the mall. It also has terrible parking, again because of the mall.Definitely avoid this place on Friday and Saturday nights.
3	I usually only come to this Harkins for their IMAX 3D but now that I know there's an AMC Deer Valley that also have IMAX 3D I will probably not come to this theatre again.Parking is hard to find here for me then there is a long walk plus it's right next to the food court so it's noisy and filled with loud teenagers which is great if you are a teenager.  Not so great if you are looking for a relaxing time or some peace and quiet.It's also next to Gameworks~ you get the picture, this theatre in the midst of teenage hangouts is best suited for teenagers.It is a Harkins, with the Harkins quality so once you walk into the actual theatre area, the place is spacious and clean with good sound quality and comfort.There are lots of Harkins around Phoenix, this is not one of go to Harkins of choice.
2	Meh.  It will do for a quick theater coming out of Laveen.  I mean, you have to deal so much at this spot between babies in R-rates movies and screaming kids that the only thing I can do is give a low rating.  I am just saying. AZ Mills Harkin theater is clean though, and they hire very respectful young high school students that do a bang job with customer service!  I mean the bad out weighs the good, unless you do IMAX but that is like 15 bucks for a matinee film lol
4	This place is pretty nice to visit for entertainment. The seats are high and the arm rest retract. There is plenty of leg room and low lighting so if you need to take a restroom break you can see the steps. But this is where this place goes wrong. Only one centralized restroom so if your movie is in the back corner there is quite a walk. The restroom needs better ventilation and constant upkeep during busy hours.
1	Will never go here again. We had a VIP pass from Klout to see a pre screening of The Conjuring.  When we got there all we got was the run around and passed back and forth to 3 different people who first acted like they knew nothing about it . Then we got another excuse that it was sold out since noon. Well duh. We already had our  tickets.  SO how did that affect us?There was no line waiting either and we were showed up an hour before showtime.  So someone definitely dropped the ball. But then again, that is one shady area now too and  looked more like a hangout for punks than anything else. So maybe it was for the best. Not sure I'd want to walk thru that lot after dark
2	The seats may be comfy and the pricing better than AMC but this particular Harkins patrons are kind of in the ghetto, really sticky floors and loudmouthed people every time we go here to try and enjoy a movie. Better off sticking to Chandler Fashion over this one.
4	I have been coming here for years and I have never once had a problem here. Sure, there are the stupid people who bring in their screaming kids to movies that they have no business in and the morons who insist on using their phones during the movie. No text is that important that you have to be on your phone at the movies. PERIOD. Harkins has no control over that, so I get that. Their popcorn salt makes my toes curl! I love that stuff. Make sure you buy your souvenir cups for the 1.50 refill. It used to be only a buck, but all of their prices have gone up. Overall, I will still continue to come here because it's close to my house and it's just a decent movie theater.
2	If you can avoid this theater, do it.  There are definitely newer and cleaner theaters out there.  But if you must watch at this location and your show will end after the mall closes, make sure to park by the theater.  There is nothing worse than trying to locate your car in the ghetto at 10 at night.
3	Harkins.  It's kind of hard to distinguish one movie theatre from another these days unless there's something that really makes one special.  This place is not one of those special ones.They show movies--the same ones that all the other ones show.  They sell extra expensive food and drinks.  They have neon and bright colors all over the place.Typical.  You can come here and pay full price when the movie first comes out, or wait a few months and go to Pollack where you can pay 75% less.  Your choice.
5	I usually go to the harkins in Tempe market place, but that one is usually extremely crowded on the weekends and I usually can't find a seat so I decided to try out this one. Parking was bad, but waited long enough to get a decent spot. The theater is really busy and has kids everywhere but I was able to get a good spot for my movie, The Prisoner. The theater seats are comfortable and I like how the arm rests raise and lower unlike the location in Tempe marketplace! The theater is also clean and didn't have any problem getting a drink.
3	Oh boy! I hope the crowd was just due to the "free" movie tickets for the pre-screening show we attended last night. The theater was good size and decent but I felt like I was in another, rough part of town! Enjoyed the show though!
4	With Netflix, On Demand, and Red Box I'm not a huge patron of movie theaters. That being said, this Christmas my husband and I received multiple movie passes, which means we are off to the theater. We caught a matinee today. The lines were very short. The woman at the window, Donna was exceptional. Made conversation about my husbands Star Wars wallet, and even offered to put our multiple gift cards onto one card which was amazing. (Now we only have ONE harkins card to keep track of!) The theater it's self is HUGE. High Ceilings. HUGE Snack area. Random movie posters and paraphernalia.  Really no different than any other movie theater. Like I mentioned before, The hubs and I don't go out for movies a lot, so I was shocked that the already high movie snack prices have gotten even worse. We had free pop corn, and shared a large drink and still paid 5.50. Harkins is HUGE on the up-sale. WE had coupons for medium pop corns, and tried to get us to upgrade those. Can't blame a chain for trying. Especially in a world of instant gratification. I will hand it to Harkins. I seem to prefer their seating. The right amount of leg room, and very comfortable. Plenty of room for me, my gigantic purse, and our comically large soda.  I love sitting in the first row of the stadium, so I can put my feet on the bars. Movie theaters should realize EVERYONE wants to put their feet up, and install bars on the back of all their seats.   Same old movable arm rest, and the movies are the same. I prefer Harkins. They are my "home town" movie theater. Their prices are high, but so is everyone else. I'm a little miffed their loyality cups refills went up to 1.50Remember to grab a dollar cash was easy, a dollar fifty is a pain.
1	One of the worst movie theatres in the area.  The sound kept going out, they stopped the movie, rewind, and start over.  And again and again the sound goes out.  Tried to talk to the manager and ask for a refund, was told since they rewind the movie and we didn't miss any parts they weren't going to refund the tickets.  Tried to explain that it totally ruins the movie going experience, again nothing.  Like the Tempe Marketplace Harkins much better.
3	25 films at one location?  Wow... I figured the theaters would be tiny like watching in my living room :)   But they were fine.  Some co-workers and I went to see a movie here since it was near our hotel on a business trip.  We thought the theater was pretty nice, stadium seating, easy to get into (kiosks to purchase tickets or several windows to purchase tickets), all at the average ticket price we expect to pay at our local theaters.  We shared an extra large refillable popcorn between three of us, so that made it reasonable enough for us to get our fill with the split cost.  The seats were working/comfy and the projection and sound was good quality in the theater we were in. I would return here if working/staying in the area.
3	Just like other Harkins Theaters they have pretty good service, stadium seating with rocking chairs, good variety of food to choose from and they always treat customers fairly when the movie messes up. However the cost of their food is ridiculous and they raised the prices of their souvenir refill cups, so I can't give more than the 3 star.
1	Im not sure if its due to the fact that its located in a mall, or because the mall itself is just outside of a dumpy neighborhood (guadalupe). But the patrons of this theater dont seem to have common movie etiquette. As the pg-13 movie was beginning, i saw a man come in with 4 babies. Yep 4 babies. Anyone who has been in this situation, knows the rest of this story. Movie theaters are loud. And no place for a baby. Let alone 4 of them. And its an adult movie. Not some disney flick. Anyway, with so many other theater options available i just moved this one to the bottom of the list.
5	Uh... what the hell yelpers.  Give this place 5 stars.  First things first.. they have an IMAX THEATRE, biggest in the south west region I might add, that alone should make it a 5 star place.  If you're being snide about service and wait time for popcorn, Go screw yourself.  these are mostly High School students with their first job ever, cut them some slack.  Secondly if you come to the movies with 5 minuets til preview starts and expect to get your popcorn and drinks lightening quick you are mistaken, thats not how things work in the world you should all know that by now.  I  chose Harkins over any other theatre because they actually do a lot of good charity work in the world, and actually want to SAVE YOU MONEY!!!  Unlike AMC where you can pay 15 dollars a year to get $0.25 saving each time you buy a bigger drink or popcorn... Harkins allows you to buy a loyalty cup and you can get refils anytime for $1.50 (okay I'm a tad bit upset they jacked the price up 50 cents, but not enough to give it a bad review) AND... you can buy a Loyalty shirt every year which gets you FREE popcorn when you go to a movie.  PEOPLE, seriously buy the loyalty shirt.  If you go to AT LEASTTTTT 4 times a year, you get your money back from free popcorn.  I go like every week so this shirt has paid for itself in a month.  Oh and they allow student, senior, and military discount... Seriously how can people complain or give this a bad ranking...  It shouldn't be "news" to people anymore that  candy, drinks, popcorn etc.. prices have gone UP!  If you can go without candy you can see a Regular movie for $8.50 which includes a drink and popcorn.  Show me any other movie theater that can get you this deal EVERY SINGLE TIME YOU GO.I have this place wired down and come here regularly.  If you are a solo movie goer like myself, I tend to go very late in the evenings or earlier in the afternoons.  I also usually go on the weekdays.  This allows me to a practically empty theater, with no wait times for popcorn or drinks.  Obviously the best way to watch a movie is with a small group of friends, date, or by yourself.  If you go on an opening weekend or anytime on the weekend for that matter, Arizona Mills can be a dirty gross place.  But this theatre is absolutely amazing if you can get the place to yourself.Friendly service reminder to... LEAVE YOUR DAMN BABIES AT HOME!!
5	This is one of those locations that does a lot of free movie screenings so I will offer a few tips on that. Firstly, a lot of passes say "come early, first come first served and there is no guarantee of a seat and a pass does not guarantee a seat" but something to note is that not only do you need the pass but when you redeem the pass, you need a ticket stub. Without that stub, you don't get in and don't get to get in line. Don't come an hour early with only the pass because you won't get in. The websites like Gofobo, Cinement, etc are instructed to give out many more passes than there are seats so the theater is packed at full capacity. I would highly recommend coming at 9 AM opening time on the day of your screening ESPECIALLY if the movie is a highly anticipated movie. They allowed us to get our stubs and told us we could come back later to get in line. Some Gofobo passes say that tickets aren't suppose to be handed out until 1 PM but I have gone there at the time and found that screenings are sold out. If you want to double check about when they give out the ticket stubs, give the theatre a call but we were told it's perfectly fine to redeem in the morning and come back later. As long as you have the stub, you should be good to go but I will still advise that you get in line early. I will also warn you that when they say no phones or recording devices allowed in... they mean it. They will ask to search your bag and will use a metal detector wand on you. Just an FYI.
4	The theatre is great! I've been here several times for free movie screenings.  I've always had a pleasant experience. The theatres are clean and the seats recline. Not like the ones at the dine-in theatres, but there is a little inclination there. The popcorn is good even though they bag it in advance.  And they don't freeze you to deaf! And if you are up for it, you can shop in the mall before or after the movie! :-)
4	Great location. Many theatres. Always has a variety of  show times to fit any schedule. Love that Harkins offers a discount program with the cup and tshirt! Keeps me coming back without killing my budget. One downfall to this location is that they constantly check your ticket. When you walk in, when you walk down the hall, at the door of your theatre. They must have a serious problem with people not paying.
2	Pretty small theatre... Service was ok
1	In my attempts to make a Yelpy review, I was pulled aside by the police because I took a picture of the concession stand with 11 employees behind the counter. There were literally 3 employees hovering per register. With that being said, I was in hopes of speedy services. To my dismay, it took approximately 10 minutes to deliver a small cherry icee, and a kids pack which encompassed stale crumby popcorn, fruit snacks and an additional icee that fell far short of frozen. And this is merely the beginning of their shenanigans. 10 minutes into the movie, I was harassed by the summoning from 2 officers whom were accompanied by the theatre manager. The presence of a party of 3, inclusive of uniformed officers, was undoubtedly inappropriate for the issue that they had at hand. In their proceedings they asked if I had taken pictures. I replied, "Yes, for Yelp". The theatre manager asked me to delete the pictures due to the employees captured on camera consisting of minors. With this 9:30pm showing, the conclusion of the movie was at 11:00 pm. All of these minors still on duty were slaves in violation of child labor laws. But that's none of my business.
