4	I did not know about The Truth Buddhist Society until I saw Connie's review.  As she mentioned, it's a Chinese speaking establishment.  They are absolutely not prepared to receive English speakers curious about Buddhism.  I didn't see a single English language book even though they were kind enough to let me look over their library.  And after a minute or two I was shoo'd away.   Buddha and Dharma are only a breath away.  But in Charlotte, Sangha is hard to find...
5	I have been a student of the True Buddha School most of my life. The School is global, with the main headquarters in Redmond, Washington. I recently moved to Charlotte and was so pleased there was a temple here. The people here are some of the nicest I've met! The services are all mostly conducted in Chinese and the attendees are also mostly Chinese, so it can be very disconcerting for non-Chinese speakers. Don't be intimidated! Culturally, there are differences, but everyone is good people! :) On a day-to-day basis, the English is limited, but we definitely have quite a few English speakers dotted within. If you have questions or want to learn more, please feel free to call or stop by and try and make an appointment with an English speaker. We are usually there on Sundays. Regular weekly service (usually group cultivation + meditation) is from 11-1. You can feel free to come by and observe, and we can try and answer any questions you have before or afterwards. And you would be more than welcome to stay for lunch.There are also a number of books and brochures available that have been translated to English. Printed words only get you so far. The best thing to do is to track down an English-speaker and ask everything you've ever wanted to ask. There are no stupid questions, only "teachers" who may not know the best answer. :)Currently and at least through the end of the year (2014), we have a dharma class being taught in English from 1:30 to 3. It gets into some of the nitty gritty of Buddhism, so if you are a beginner, I'd recommend talking to someone before jumping into class. Either way, anyone and everyone is welcome.TBS is open to everyone, Chinese or not, and of any religious background!Our spiritual leader is Living Buddha Lian Sheng. Our dharma and our practice encompasses all Buddhist schools of Mahayana, Hinayana, and mostly Vajrayana. While other temples and societies may practice differently, we all believe in the same basic precepts of the Four Noble Truths and the Eightfold Path.
