4	This is our favorite Portuguese restaurant.  Food is delicious, though service can sometimes be slow!  Make a reservation on a weekend night.  My favorite dish is the Porco Alentejana (pork with clams and little fried potatoes in a sizzling sauce).
3	Don't be fooled by the simple facade of this place on St. Laurent. The interior nicely tiled and cozy and the food was delicious.We had a rack of lamb and grilled seabass steak. The lamb was a bit in th overcook side for me, nevertheless it was delicious with the thinly sliced potatoes and the minimum greens it came with. My dinner companion didn't finish her seabass steak, but I think it was because the sheer size of it. We washed the dinner down with a half liter of house rioja. It was a pleasant dinner.
4	Went here with a friend for her birthday and we both loved it. It's affordable, the food is really tasty, and the service is great. We started with a salad--the dressing was so yummy!! We ordered the house wine and Portuguese Paella for our main course. Loved the paella! The seafood was FRESH and the dish was well seasoned. The house wine was impressive--house wines aren't usually this tasty, at least in my experience, but this one was really good!! Overall, it was a pleasant experience, and I would definitely recommend this place!!
4	I had the pleasure of eating here a few days after my horrible wait staff experience at Restaurant Portuscalle just a few doors down.  The service and food quality was a thousand times better at Casa Minhota!The dining room has lovely hand painted tile all around.  There were about 6 tables of small groups and one huge table of about a dozen patrons all served diligently by ONE WAITER!  Everyone got their food at a very reasonable time.  Everyone had full water glasses, bread and olive oil, dessert menus.  This guy was amazing.  He was even humming and whistling the entire time.We started with the chorizo which was delicious and prepared very well.I ordered the house specialty grilled chicken which was very tasty and juicy.  The accompanying salad was lightly dressed and fresh.  The potatoes were crispy and flavorful.My fiance ordered the filet which was served on a very, very, I mean magma hot, piece of slate or some other type of rock.  The steak was sizzling as it was set on the table, and continued to sizzle for quite some time.  The steak was done medium rare but continued to cook on the table.  The stone remained hot through our entire dinner.  I even heated up some of my leftover potatoes on it.  It was great.  You could literally cook the steak more to your liking if you don't like your steak a little red.  The wine choices complimented the meal perfectly.  It was such a pleasantly different dining experience from the other place down the block.  When back in Montreal, I would definitely eat at Casa Minhota again.
5	We just walked into the establishment and was seated quickly.  I ordered a seafood platter which was amazing with the amount of fish and seafood you receive on a plate. The flavor was great and was cooked perfectly. Recommend this restaurant for those who want to enjoy some good seafood.
3	This is a really cozy place. The food and the service was delightful. The pear dessert, steak, and even the escargot. The Portuguese fries are very simple, yet delicious. Their plates are plated well, accented appropriately, and portioned nicely. While they serve their table bread cold, it is still light. Given the large number of staff members working, service was quite slow, though the place was a bit busy.
