5	I called them and they showed up within a hour. And I recieved a phone call when they were on the way. Very Professional and courteous. They  fixed my Air Conditioning at a reasonable price. I recommend them to all.
5	We had been without heat for two days when we were referred to Deke's. We called mid-morning, and because of other calls, they arrived mid-afternoon. Before they arrived, we received a call that they were on the way. After a brief explanation of what had happened, the Tech knew immediately what our problem was - and it was. Within 15 minutes the part was replaced and we removed our winter jackets. I would highly recommend Deke's refrigeration as a knowledgeable, professional and very reasonably priced company- most refreshing.
5	Yelpers saved the day!  got home last night and the heater was not working. found reviews for Dekes here on Yelp and gave them a call. Said their guy was on a call but would come here next. They called back 45 minutes later and Dan was here about an hour after our initial call.  so far, so good!Dan quickly and skillfully found the problem (a bad capacitor), had a replacement in his truck, and the heat is back on for just over $100.  some other companies may have said it was a bad motor ($420 part) but that's now how Dekes works.i highly recommend Dekes Refrigeration & Air Conditioning!
5	We had 2 service companies come out to look at our air conditioner which would just randomly shut off.  They claimed it was bad and had to be replaced for about 10K.  After our 2nd estimate we called Dekes.They told us we needed to have a piece of wall cut to relieve the heat that was building up from the exhaust fan.  Sure enough that was the problem.  Our air conditioner has worked great ever since and they were efficient, polite and just fabulous.  They didn't overcharge us either!Would always recommend them!
5	Called at 1 pm here by 4 gone by 4:30. I think I am in the wrong business. I am by no means an AC tech. I figured out that both of my units were working but either a switch, motor or contactor was broke. I found the contactor but couldn't find any more switches. As soon as Darren arrived I explained what happened prior and up to that point what I knew.  He confirmed some of my thoughts.  He then preseded to test the unit, it was fine. The problem was that there is a switch under the bottom panel that was filled with water. Moral of the story is: Check your filters monthly (min.) to save your self $85. 30 min = $85 (see what I mean -wrong business)Although It is worth it to make the wife happy!Only problem:If he didn't explain things to me, I would have given 2-3 stars because it was supposed to be a free quote. He never asked or told me the amount first. He should thank the wife.NO Credit cards!! Who doesn't use one? Bad business practice, so be prepared.
5	After hearing what sounded wrong from another company, I called Dekes and ran it by them.They said they'd be happy to come look at it when they had a free slot later *the same day*.The tech who came out seemed much more knowledgeable and more geared towards having a long term customer and doing the right thing. The other company just wanted to sell a new install, new and more service plans... Yes! they sure can sell. Not sure what else they can do.Great service, punctual and skilled. Was very pleased all around and happy to have found a company to continue performing AC service for us.
5	I called this company since there were so many great Yelp reviews. I am adding my own praise now!  Steve showed up the same day I called to check the air conditioner's problem. He knew immediately what the problem was. I felt he was very knowledgeable and trustworthy. In this town, knowing an honest air conditioner repair person is worth its weight in gold.
5	Yikes, another part went out on my air cond unit less than a week after the other one! Steve came out the same day I called, and fixed it even without having to get inside the house. And he left an invoice that I can mail in! I am telling you, service like this that you can depend on is priceless.
5	I don't usually write reviews but I felt like I needed to. I just bought a foreclosed home and know next to nothing about ac/heating units. I was told by the housing inspector that I was going to need a bunch of work done to get the heating units working. I was referred to Dekes from my boss who said they are great down to earth people and been in Vegas forever. The guy I think his name was mike came out and did his own inspection and had to force light or something like that the heater element and not replace the massive amount of equipment that I was lead to believe. All said and done I just had to pay the regular hour fee. I would use Dekes every time. Stop looking for a place and give them a chance. I'm glad I did!B
5	I've used a lot of service providers over the years, and Deke's is about as easy as it gets.  They're fast and friendly.
5	So, I rarely write reviews but I need to contribute to the good things said about Dekes. I called earlier this week because my AC had stopped working and Steve was at my house the next day. He looked at my AC unit for 2 seconds and knew what my problem was. I just moved into this house and the unit had been neglected and just needed a couple water strainers cleaned. He took 5 minutes to tell me how to go about doing it myself and then he left. Didn't charge me a dime and it took me no time to clean the strainers myself and now my AC is working great again. If I have any problems in the future Dekes will be my first call.
5	My story with Deke's starts about 9 years ago. I had a VERY loud air conditioning unit in the front of my house. This horrible loud sound had been going on since I purchased the house in 1994. I dread the summer time when AC kicked on or at winter time when the heat would blast. i had  A DIFFERENT "contractor' come out and said my front unit was bad and needed a new on (come to find out later it was probably just fine needed Freon) I bought a new unit (what a pile of garbage this thing is!) The front unit has been a night mare since I  got it 8 years ago, and never did fix the front sound that I dreaded. I then got another "contractor" who was 2 hours late, came in and told me my blowers in the attic were broken and I needed to cut them out and drop them down and put new ones in (cannot even imagine the total cost) I was not willing to chop my house apart to "fix" the blower units.My new POS front unit needs yearly or biyearly repairs (ugh) and the same part again and again and again, you see the pattern. I switched to DEKE'S after being referred by a client of mine TOM. He said "Deke's is great and explained his story. I trusted Tom P and called them and they showed up on time and fixed my AC (I had a young baby at the time and they moved me to the top of the day) They fixed my front unit and charged my back unit and explained these units need Freon, whether spring summer fall or winter, that is why the heater was not functioning properly and ac was not working. A couple hundred later...both units worked!! I asked them about the HORRIBLE loud sound I could not deal with (though it was no like 14 years)  they said it was just the duct work.  They said they needed to wait until it cooled back down to do it...so sure enough they did it in the fall. They pulled my old duct work out and put new duct in and NO SOUND!!!!!!! They were in my attic ALL DAY LONG!!! They came out totally wiped out, and my sound WAS GONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The price tag  was UNDER !,000 !!!!!!! The parts alone had to be 400.......or more!!!I continue to use Deke's to this day!!! I have referred them to everyone who asks!!!!One thing I did do though, I got a swamp cooler and my 3,100 sq ft house (with a pool)summer bills are about 150-170  down from 450-500 a month. I use Ac when it is humid or early spring or late fall when the swamp cooler is out of the window. I got a big window swamp cooler from Home Depot, my house is ICE ICE ICE COLD on the hottest days and nights!!!!! Kids leave the doors open and I could care less (makes them work better)
5	I am a real estate agent here in Las Vegas and I refer all of my clients and friends to Dekes! The are responsive, on time, affordable and have been in Las Vegas for 20+ years so they know what they are doing. I highly recommend them!Larry GurganusAward Realty
5	I had to use these guys again...stellar!! Again, honest...great..reasonably priced!  They show up same day, no extra fees...no extra anything...just great people! Fixed ac same day (had to fix what the prior ac guy fixed 3 times) when I said oh yeah fixed that 3 times....he looked at me sideways....i had to say.....NOT FROM YOU!!....They are GOLDEN!
5	Steve Deke's was suggested by a friend.  With Las Vegas hitting a week with sweltering and muggy weather it's not time for consumer's to begin the "free estimate" war with AC companies.  Steve, arrived promptly was professional and courtesy - with a reassuring attitude.   Completed timely and much less then one would have expected.
5	So our upstairs air unit went out last night and we have now used Deke's twice and had to highly recommend their service! They came out the next day and were able to fix it on site within an hour. Was afraid of getting ripped off after hearing horror stories from others with other people out there but have no worries!!!
5	You don't need to read this review: just call them right now. Long version:So when the AC unit above my bedroom started leaking I called the company who installed the AC originally (note: this was not Dekes) over to my house figuring since the house was less than five years old it was likely their fault. Nope says they, please give us $3200 bucks. Also I was charged $75 just for them to visit me. So I sought a second opinion and I saw many quality recommendations here on yelp so I called Dekes.Firstly: the woman answering the phone at Dekes is super nice. As is the norm with A/C she had someone out the very next day. The gentleman was also very nice and sociable, repaired several install defects with the unit and made a minor modification to save me hundreds of dollars vs replacing a huge part of the A/C and carving up my bedroom ceiling. Total bill was about 1/35th the original bill and we got a free education on how the A/C works (in a good useful way, not a boring way).Yelp reader: look no further, this is a quality, ethical, reasonably priced A/C service. Could not be happier.
5	You will be pleasantly surprised at the wonderful service from the return call to the end of your appointment. I had a horrible time figuring out what was wrong and Steve came over and he knew what to look for and where to go and low and behold our issue was fixed. Great customer service with a highly experienced professional is something that is hard to find here in Vegas but Deke's has it all.Call now and you will not be sorry, I promise!Thank you Steve and Jenny!I am relieved that that my house is not broken :)
5	Professional service. Quick service knowledgeable folks. HONEST!I will only use these guys for ac service, no others ever.Excelent value.
5	I am beyond please with my Dekes experience. We've been having trouble with our heat and had a personal friend quote us around $700 for a new gas valve. Our friend, however, did not renew his insurance for manufactured homes so we had to find another company. Luckily for us, we found Dekes. We called on a Friday afternoon and they were out by 12:00 on Monday. To my surprise our technician advised that we didn't need an entirely new valve we only needed our current one unclogged. We had advised them of the diagnosis provided to us previously, so they definitely could've taken advantage of us. Instead they saved us over $500. I cannot say enough about this company. In this economy it is really refreshing to find a business that cares about honesty and integrity. I give Dekes 5 toasty, honest stars; one for every $100 I saved. Thank you Dekes!!!
5	Found Deke's on this site. Called on Thursday, got an appointment for a possible condensation leak on Friday. They were busy in the morning and I called at the appointment promised cut-off time. They said they were running late. I needed the job done, so I said "ok". They came on time for the up-dated time. Friendly, got right down to business, checked both my a/c / heat units. Tested levels, etc. Checked all the lines, and verified everything working ok. No leaks. Guess I have to call a roofer now to find out about water damage coming through. Price was as quoted via phone. Price was very reasonable for looking at and checking 2 units. Took less than 20 minutes. System set for summer a/c usage now. I can recommend Dekes.
5	Steve was a flash back to the 70's. No hassle, no fuss, handshake sealed the deal. Just a good old fashion business owner doing the right thing for clients.
5	I have been reading Yelp reviews for several years, but this is the first time I wanted to register and write my own review. The Dekes service was very professional, efficient, friendly, and affordable. I would not hesitate to highly reccommend this business.
5	This is a great company from our one time experience. We we're hanging shelves in our garage and a screw pierced one of the coolant lines to our AC unit and the system bled out. Called about 5 companies and all quoted around $600 to repair the pipe and recharge the unit except Steve at Dekes. The biggest cost was going to be recharging the unit and Steve was the only guy who offered to recharge the system with the new coolant alternative, which turns out to be about a third of the cost as standard coolant. Not one other company ever brought up the cheaper alternative. They were all very willing to have us pay $500+ to recharge the AC unit. We'll stick with Steve and his dad for any future AC problems.
5	They were WONDERFUL in January...now it's June and facing heatwave this weekend and A/C is not blowing cold air. Dekes is my FIRST call!
5	Dekes was wonderful when we needed them in January...our upstairs A/C went out on 6/27/13, we called at 6:30am the next morning and they Steve was at our house by Noon. Within an hour, he had blissfully cold air wafting through our vents...just in time for the hottest days of 2013!Thank you Dekes!
5	It's 110 degrees out, the hottest day of the year so far and my AC stops working.  I found Deke's through Yelp an called.  They said there was a tech in the area and would be there in 15 minutes! I lucked out, I thought for sure it was a going to be the normal 1-2 day wait for a AC company to come out due to the heat.  He fixed the issue in about 30 minutes and the price was completely reasonable.  I will definitely use them again!
5	The A/C in my condo went out. I got 3 estimates from the companies with the highest ratings on Yelp and one from a large do it yourself store. The do it yourself store was a total joke. The three other companies all came up with having to replace my air conditioning unit. Because Dekes had such great reviews and Steve who explained in terms I could understand I decided to go with Dekes. We called last monday and as asked the office if we could have the ac installed during the weekend.  The install was set for Saturday morning.  Steve showed up as planned and installed the unit in a couple of hours.  While he was finishing up my thermostat went out. Steve replaced it no charge because it was working when he was testing it. Between his honesty, fast work and reasonable prices, I will definitely call him to check my new ac. Now we are cool in this 100+ weather.  You can't go wrong calling Dekes. I promise you. Read all the other reviews. You'll be glad you called.
5	My A/C went out the other night and I had never had to call an A/C repair business before.  So I immediately got online and searched for repair places with good reviews.  Dekes had nothing but good reviews so I called them up.  They sent "Darren" over to my house.  He was very professional, fixed it faster than I thought it would take and I was charged a price that I thought was beyond fair.Thank you, Dekes. I will recommend you to anyone that needs A/C repair in the future.
5	Called Deke's (based on reviews) when my tenant called that the AC was blowing hot air.  Same day service, total charges $85 for the call, and $90 for a new part.  They are now top of my list.
2	My AC was having a hard time cooling the house so I called Dekes. I was impressed by the perfect reviews here on Yelp but sadly I was not able to rate the same.The repair man came by my house while i was at work and my wife was home. He said it was simply low on R22 and needed to be filled. I spoke with him on the phone and asked why it would be low since my home an the unit is only a few years old. He said that he checked for leaks but couldn't find anything and that it was probably such a small leak that it would take it another three years to leak out again. I asked if he found anything up in the attic but he said he couldn't find anything wrong.Come to find out he never checked for any leaks at all but just filled my unit and was on his way. He did not peel back any of the insulation around the pipes or even enter my home/attic.My AC then stopped working 4 weeks later. By this they had FINALLY cashed my check from the first repair. They told me that I would still be charged for the visit as well as any other repair costs even though he said that it would not leak out anytime soon.Bottom line is that if you don't actually check for a leak and then tell the homeowner that he doesn't need to worry about it don't expect them to use you again in the future unless your willing to at least waive the visit fee next time.
5	Honest.... They had to clean up what another company didn't... (YES plumbing)  my AC was blowing hot air.... I was quoted thousands....feeling uneasy about the line of BS I was given, I asked my social media friends to post their recommendation for an. Honest AC company... It was almost unanimous... DEKES... HONEST....they debunked claims from the NO man... Fixed my breaker and not a problem ever again...
5	Typical scenario. I live in California, own a home in Vegas, tenant calls when it's 112 degrees and her A/C is out. I called Deke's which I found on Yelp.com on a friday, (because of the 5 stars and the westside location), they were on the job SATURDAY for no extra charge. Called me with a fair assessment, fixed the problem and billed me for the work (they don't take credit cards). They didn't bother my tenant for payment or demand cash upon completion. Made it so easy for us out of state homeowners. You deserve the 5 stars.
5	After reading the reviews on the 5 star rated Dekes I gave them a call on October 23rd.  I was surprised and thankful they were able to come out on the same day!  Steve gave me a time frame - called me 30 minutes prior to showing up.  He is very nice and respectful I felt he was honest about my heater repair, I don't feel like he was trying to rip me off, which I am very thankful for!My condo is upstairs, I felt bad that he had to keep going up and down to the roof - he did not complain, he did not seem irritated -he simply said this is my job and I will fix your problem!!!I will refer Dekes -100% Thanks again Steve!
1	I live 3 blocks from Dekes listed place of business. I mentioned that on the phone and requested a reduced price service call fee since her gas and time to get to me would be almost zero.. She said no and said she was "offended" that I asked. In this economy and me living 3 blocks away she was offended? Wow, talk about entitled and rude.
5	Called Deke's after seeing such a high Yelp rating with 25+ reviews. I spoke with Sally on Monday. She quickly diagnosed my heating issue over the phone. She apologized for not being able to send someone out that day, but they were swamped with calls (being the week of Thanksgiving). She would send someone ASAP. I was pleasantly surprised when she called me at 8:00am the next day and had a guy waiting out front of my home! Darrin was pleasant and professional. The heat was back on in less than 30 minutes. Darrin made sure everything worked to my satisfaction. I would absolutely recommend Deke's to a friend.Note: They only accept cash or checks.
5	I've been using Deke's for 10 years. Their service is excellent! As a Realtor I recommend them to all of my clients in need of service. Hands down the best!
5	Sometimes when you see a staggering amount of 5 stars, it makes me almost skeptical, that it's too good to be true.  We've had a fiasco with trying to DIY our downstairs unit furnace issue ourselves based on the error code upstairs. It still was intermittent, but I suppose good enough for a bit so we didn't call anyone. Yesterday, it just failed and wouldn't go at all. By the time the BF was up today, it was still not so he came to get me from work and on the way home, I called places recommended and spots I've bookmarked to see who can do same day. It was a bit later in the afternoon, so not everyone would, but he happened to already be servicing something in our neighborhood and said they will be able to get us. He actually got to our door a few minutes before we did. He assessed the problem and it was a faulty blower motor. I was hoping it wasn't, but hey, it's a 10 year old home and I don't think the system has been treated the best. He got the housing clean, bolted the parts needed and installed it back up and got it blowing. Temperature is reading right, the downstairs is warm and consistent again. While he was making the invoice we chatted with him and Steve was super friendly. He even let my dogs greet him. He also gave us some tips to keep it going and how to clean our outside fans before summer season is going. Service call is $85, that includes a hour of labor and it's additional for parts you need. It was $450 total for 2 pieces on the invoice and about a bit over a hour. That seems to fall in the standard range for calls and motor blower prices. Maybe it's not the absolutely cheapest out there, but it's far from unreasonable. He was a real straight shooter,  honest about things and seems to be proud of his family businesses his dad started, his wife was the nice lady on the phone. I'll pay a bit more for quality service. That goes a long way in a industry that gets a bad rap for being liars and gougers. They've been around for 41 years and maybe that isn't by accident. I would use them again and glad I took a chance.
5	I know this is my first post, but Yelp helped me find this company, so I felt the need to pass on my experience. I called on a Sunday for a non-emergency. I asked the nice woman if she could get me a price on installing a part. She said she didn't have access to pricing on a Sunday, but would have Steve (her son) a call on Monday. After a few minutes, we scheduled the call for 10:30 Monday morning. Well, I was surprised by the call I got at 10:32. Right on time. I spoke with Steve for a few minutes. Related the issue I had. He said he'd call me back shortly with a price. Again, maybe 15 minutes later, I get a call back. The price was a bit less than the other company that gave me an estimate, but he didn't try and take a $750 repair and upswell me to almost $2,600. I scheduled the appointment for 3:30, not between 1 and 4 like most companies. And I was surprised that at 3:22, he showed up.  Took him all of 30 minutes to replace the parts. No muss, no fuss. Great sense of humor too. As I said, I don't normally post reviews, and I'm really skeptical about most I see. But, I want to thank all the other reviewers for helping me find an amazing HVAC company. I am proud to recommend Deke's. To Steve and his family, all I can say is THANKS!!! You rocked!
5	I was worried about having an ac/heating company come to my hourse.  I was just worried that they would try to sell me a new system, whether I needed one or not.  I had Deke's perform my summer check up on my ac & heating units on 2/18/14.  The serviceman was professional and took the time to explain aspects of the system to me.  He replaced a minor part to my ac unit, said my heating system was fine.  They don't take credit cards and I havent written a check in about 5 years.  They left me an invoice which I paid through my bank as soon as he left.  I would use them again.  I was very pelased with the service.
5	Great company - I had a quote to fix a "noisy" a/c from one company that wanted to charge me $650 + labor for a new motor that it didn't need.  The a/c just needed to be cleaned. I'll be using dekes from now on.
5	I called two other places before Dekes and no one was available the same day. I depend on Yelp and all the good reviews and 5 stars to decide which companies I should go to. I didnt get the name of the guy who came to look at him but he was not friendly what so ever. He didnt say anything and I had to ask what was wrong with my AC. That kind of attitude made me nervous cause I didnt wanna get ripped off. He just gave me bad vibes which sucks. He didnt have a motor so someone would have to come back the next day to fix it. He said I should receive a call later for an estimate but no one called. Steve called me in the morning to let me know the price and around what time I should be expecting him. This is not the same guy from the day before! Steve was friendly and nice. He showed me the new motor and explained why the motor broke down. My AC is fixed and it ended with good service which always makes me feel better. Although service wasnt great in the beginning, it ended well and I'm still giving them 5 stars.
5	These guys are AWESOME! Our AC unit at our home took a dump and I called around to four different places in Las Vegas, these guys were the only ones who could make it over the same day to troubleshoot our problem. I had a breaker for the AC that would not reset properly. They came out later that night and shot down the unit. It's old, from 1999. They could have replaced the unit that night but I needed to get ahold of our landlord to approve the maintenance. The very next day I was able to have Dekes come out and replace the broken AC unit. They were able to direct bill our landlord and required no money from us(besides the initial visit for troubleshooting). My wife was also pleased by their professionalism and great work. These guys are great and I would recommend them to anyone else in the Las Vegas area!! Thanks again Dekes Refrigeration & Air Conditioning!!! Our house is cooling nice again, just like new!!!
5	Fantastic!Air conditioner stopped working, 100 degrees out. Called at 1:45pm, they said they had a job at 5pm but would try to get someone out before. Get a call at 3:10pm that the service technician is on his way. He arrives, immediately climbs to the roof, diagnoses the problem, quotes the cost, does the repair, test and confirms everything is working, gets paid the very reasonable cost, and is driving away at just after 4pm leaving a very satisfied customer.He left ten minutes ago. I joined yelp just to post this review.
5	Found a piece of duct insulation by one of my vents. Was told by Dekes that it could have been a loose piece that finally came off and to not worry at the moment and just to monitor. Found the person to be genuine and helpful. Did not have the impression of trying to be sold something. If the need arises I would contact Dekes again. Also, would refer people I know. 5 star rating from phone conversation and general impression.
5	I had an emergency at a home based business and found Deke's on Yelp and chose them based of their great reviews. They went above and beyond expectations. They fit me in same day since it was an emergency, fixed the problem and just left me a bill without interrupting my already busy day. After working with them I wouldn't use another A/C Service. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!
1	I woke up to an 85 degree house. My AC had stopped blowing cold air. After doing a quick search on yelp, I choose Dekes by rating. The dispatcher sent someone by a couple hours after my call.The AC was diagnosed with a broken compressor and I was given an option of repair for $2400 or a new unit for $3000. The man was quick and matter-of-fact, which did not add to my skepticism. When I declined the repairs, he informed me I would be billed $85 for the less than 5 minute visit. Observing the AC afterwards, he left the cover unscrewed as well.And that's the reason for my rating. If I had known I would have to pay $85 for the visit, I would not have requested their services. How else does a customer make an educated purchase on repairs if quotes must be paid for? If a company wants to bill for diagnoses and travel time, it ought to be stated during the initial request.
5	Called Deke's about 12 pm,because my heater wasn't coming on. they called me back at 12:09pm to tell me the tech was on the way. Darren arrived within minutes. The part we needed cost $25. service charge $85. plus tax total was $112.03. Wonderful experience, we will surely call them again. Dennis was on his way by 12:40. He also explained things as he went along. I had called Legacy Air because of the good reviews but they weren't licensed for Mobil Homes. I ask the to recommend someone else and they recommended Deke's. I thank Deke's for being honest and polite.
