5	Never ate Dominican food before but this was very good! Cooked perfectly. Had pepper beef and rice and a bowl of beans. I also got a complimentary simple fresh salad and free glass of the best pink lemonade I ever drank. I will be back!
5	Food is incredible!! Pollo guisao moro & plantanos is a must have!! Will definitely be coming back.
1	Food may be good.  But you have to pay attention to service. If you have a teenager taking orders that has her headphones on at the same time she is taking orders she is bound to make a mistake.  Service is as important as the food. Hire some one that is there to pay attention. Will never come back again. Print a menu so the customer doesn't have to wait 30 minutes for you to write it on the blackboard.  Don't open your doors until you are ready.
1	I really wanted to like this restaurant, but I didn't. No Customer service skills, very small place, Food was Overpriced,the taste of the food was average. If they don't change their skills or prices they won't last very long. They thing the restaurant is located in Scottsdale with their prices. Sorry but we won't be back
4	Closed on Monday
5	This Is Authentic dominican food what a good experience we had coming here , family owned and very delicious food.Every time I eat there my tummy is satisfied and I feel great.you can tell they use quality ingredient.5/5 Love this plate!!!
5	Wow. Go now. For their food, not the luxurious surroundings. Dominican food that is, simply, delicious. Went there for lunch today - shrimp in garlic sauce. Perfection. Sat next to a Dominican from New York who, having found out yesterday that today's special would be mashed plantains fasted until lunch so he could eat them with the necessary gusto. So will I the next time it's on special.How many restaurants in your life have such a dish? Add this one to it.
4	So...sad..!! This place closed down.!! Authentic, friendly, clean and most importantly excellent food.. Folks who go to Bachata must appreciate the environment is driven with a sense of warmth and familial appreciation.. Don't expect a "Chain food" environment.. You can expect quality food and genuine friendly down to earth service.  My family and I will continue to eat their.. By the way,  YOU HAVE TO TRY their Sancocho and Carne Guizada.. Awesome place..
2	no very imprese
5	The food here is more than wonderful. The staff treats you like you're at home. It's one of the best little joints I've been too in a long time. The menu changes daily so you can have something different every day. The prices are very reasonable. Highly recommended. Come and enjoy.
