4	I'm always concerned with the hygeine of nail places. I feel like this nail spa is just about as clean and sterile as you can get. Tools come out of a sterile package and they have bacteria zapping lights in the spa pedicure bowls. A few bucks more expensive than their competitors but it's worth it. Pedicure lasts and nice friendly service.
4	I really don't like walking in a nail salon and feel like I left the country to get a mani or pedi. So I have been spending too much money on a very great salon spa here in vegas, service exellent but pricy. Im so glad I walked into la belle, jennie, I think that's her name did such a great job if not better than my previous girl. My french, red sparkly gel nails look amazing!! Another plus is that all the ladies are "put together" they all looked pretty and professional. The place was also very clean.
4	I've been coming to La Belle Nail Spa for the past 1 year or so and refuse to go anywhere else (only because I haven't yet been able to find another nail spa that is up to par with La Belle).  I usually just walk in without an appointment and a majority of the time, I will get a technician on the spot.  If anything, I've waited 5-10 minutes or so for a technician to be available.Their tools are sterile and come in a package that is opened at the beginning of your mani/pedi.  I'm pretty paranoid as far as hygiene goes at nail spas & La Belle has been able to put my mind at ease with this point.  The nail spa is pretty clean and very open.  The furniture and tables aren't too close together where you can't relax.  And what's also great is that the La Belle isn't fuming with the smell of nail polish/chemicals that usually give you headaches if being exposed to it for a period of time.I came in just the other day for a manicure after not going for a couple months and La Belle now offers gel manicures in all sorts of fun colors & glitters.
4	There are so many nail salons in this city and I have been to a different one each time I've gone to get a mani/pedi. I went to a new salon every time because I hadn't found one I really liked. Until now.The first thing I notice when I walk into a nail salon is the smell of chemicals. That was always my biggest turn off. This salon doesn't smell at all. Another reason why I like this place is the ease of being seen. I have been able to walk in and be seated within 10 min. They do tend to be very busy in the late afternoon/evening and weekends, so they do recommend calling ahead and making an appointment. This ensures you do not have to wait.Other good things about this salon: it's clean, they sterilize the equipment, the spa pedicure chairs and tubs are comfortable and the ladies that work there are all very nice and accommodating.I've gone back several times and will continue to do so. They also offer several gel nail brands in over 40 colors.I would have given them 5 stars, but they are more expensive than other salons. But to me, the price difference is worth the cleanliness, ambiance and service they provide.
3	Finding a great nail place in Vegas is like seeking the holly grail...After reading the very good reviews I finally decide to get my nails filled and a pedicure at "La Belle".The establishment is very nice and relaxing, what a relief from those places with load TVs and crazy ladies shouting at each other... I was a walk in and didnt had to wait. Thats nice.Sydney took care of me, she was very nice.But I asked for a  "natural shape" 3 times on my nails and they still came out square, yuk square nails, its not 1998 anymore!!!I also my toes shape came out uneven, I had to ask her to fix the big toe nails cause they were crooked and 2 other nails are way shorter than what it should be.Not a great selection of nail polish but I bring my own anyway, I dont like to share those kind of things (germs)The foot and leg massage was very pleasant but at the end, for some unknown reason she strongly rubbed a very dry, old and rough towel all over my legs back in force to wipe the oil which left my sensitive skin very itchy and irritated...thanks.I end up paying $15 more than usual, I would not mind if the job would meet my requirements but this was just  average for Vegas.If it wasnt for the atmoshere and deco this place would may not even get 3 stars.But once again this is Vegas and I am not expecting great things from nail tech anymore...
4	It is clean and comfortable.  They don't make you feel like they are talking about you...in fact they get to know you by name and welcome you.  I found this to be the BEST place for nails in the area. They are about $5 more but totally worth it!!  If you ask for Kim she gives the best massages!!!  I love this place!!!Only con is they prefer  cash only...so you feel bad when you have to use your debit card.  Of course you can use it though.
5	This place I great! I've been twice now and it's  clean and consistent. They are always friendly and do great gel pedis and mani's. I've sent numerous friends and always get lovely feedback.
2	Nothing special about this place.  Just fancy furniture and a pretty salon. They do terrible work, and are just rude.  There's better nail salons on eastern, so I doubt I'll be back here anytime soon.  It's also more expensive than the other shops.  Only positive is that they are clean.
4	This place is a bit more money than some, but it's pretty worth it. They're definitely one of the most hygienic places around that I've found, and the ambiance is nice: a tad fancy-lookin', but not snooty or unwelcoming, bright with big mirrors. There's one TV on the wall, if you care about that sort of thing. They can usually get me in on a walk-in within 5-20 minutes, and it's also easy to make an appt with someone or no one in particular. I normally don't schedule with any particular person, and everyone I've been to so far has done a pretty decent job. I've had pedicures, manicures, acrylics, gels, and waxing done here, and they were all decent experiences.
5	It was very clean and hygienic.No waiting for a walk-in. Everyone was friendly and talked to me . It was professional and relaxing pedicure, They are helpful and care about the client. Not as expenisive as I thought it would be.Truely enjoyed the massage, I have issues with my ankles and it gave me relief from the stiffness. I will return soon for the services and atmosphere.
5	Yes this place is a bit pricey, but after I found Sydney (best nail tech ever) I can't go anywhere else.
3	I have been going to this nail spa on and off for two years, and I like it. The staff is great, and that's what really keeps me going back (ask for Sydney, she's the best!). This location is very clean, and they try to keep up with nail trends etc. (had a lot of gel and crackle colors before other salons). If you are trying to get an apt Thurs-Sat, make sure you call first because they get pretty busy.
5	Always clean, specifically Sydney is amazing, she is sweet, consistent, perfectionist with speed. I always go to her and book an appointment on the way out.
5	Pricey, but it last a lot long than most spa places!  Clean and great service. Hanh's the best mani and pedi ever! =D
5	I was so glad to have been referred to La Belle for an emergency nail touch-up.  (Whitney from Desert Glamour referred me). Being from out of town I had no idea where to go or who was good.  I was instantly impressed by the atmosphere and cleanliness, and the friendliness of the staff.  My mother was given a lovely manicure, and Nina rescued my grown out acrylic set with a lovely fill and gel overlay just in time for my wedding the next day.  Nina was extremely skilled and customer-oriented, as was the technician that worked with my mother.  We were so impressed with the five star service.  Thank you Nina, for helping make me confident for all those pictures of my hands they took the next day!  Now if you could just open a salon in St. Louis!  THANKS AGAIN, Ladies :)    - Megan
5	This place is the best I have found in Vegas! A bit more on price but worth it. Very clean and friendly. Large selection of gel and regular colors. There is no one here who "sucks" so you never have to be afraid of getting stuck with a "bad" person. I will not go anywhere else.
5	The "Lexus of Nails." I love going out for personal relaxing services.  I've been a customer here since they opened a few years ago, and Sydney has been my exclusive technician there! Best Bang for the Buck of any spa tech I've ever had! Be prepared to wait your turn for Sydney though, as she has the BIGGEST Following of Clients I've seen!  I always make an appointment and don't want to be late, because even if you then have to wait a few minutes from her last client to leave - it will totally be worth it for you! She try's to give you the Best Service Every Time. Sydney is a true Artist on Nails and can do Absolutely every possible design or style for me.  3-D, Gel, Organic is her specialties. This is a classy place like a resort feel but without the Classy Resorts High Prices. Squeaky-Clean, Classy, Big TV on Wall. I watch my Tipping at most places I go, but with Sydney I always find myself Tipping her way more than 20%, hahaha.  She's always positive, happy and listens to whatever I need to discuss.  Kudos Sydney!
2	Very beautiful place and clean but when I came in for a set the lady told me she had an appt. that had not shown yet so she would take care of me then the appt. showed up 40 min late after which she then stopped doing my nails and took care of two peoples eye brows she did what I asked on my nails but very sloppy I could paint better with mouth she kept rushing me because she took on a job and but apparently the late appt. was more important in all honesty for the price and the crap rush job I would not recommend
5	This place is much nicer then the nail salons that I'm used to going to. The decor is top notch, service is great and Nina is the best! I have a hard time going to new places because I am so picky but I've gone to two different nail techs in the salon (including Nina) and they were both great. My nails were done exactly how I like them. I highly recommend this place if you're looking for a beautiful salon with great service!
5	This is my favorite nail salon. It is extremelyclean and even with my crazy work schedule they always get me in! It is more than what I used to pay however my gels are lasting a month! It is well worth the price!! They are very friendly and accommodating!! I highly recommend checking this salon out if you have not already!!
5	Best nail salon that I have found since moving to Vegas. Always consistent top-quality work, including really good hand/arm massage with the manis (so wear a tank top).  Doesn't hurt that it's in a shopping center with some good food too.
5	I've been getting my nails done here for a least 3 years now.  The staff is wonderful and the salon is the cleanest Nail Spa I've ever seen.  They smiles greet you the minute you walk in the door.  It's a pleasure to go in for my regular mani/pedi.  Ask for Jennie, Lana or Sydney - they will take care of your hands & feet like to other!  I highly recommend them (and I'm a Cosmetologist).
4	Very clean, quiet, and  nicely furnished.I received an excellent man's manicure from Annie. I highly recommend it.
1	I have never ever paid 41 bucks for regular gel nails no design or anything special, I even refused the hand massage with lotion !!! I walked into the place and asked for the price upon arrival which was told 30...so I sit down, the girl was good and I love the color and result but when I went to pay they tell me 41 I ask why? And the answer is that gelWith manicure is 38...so I then go to ask why am I paying 41 and they tell me 3 bucks goes removing the gel I had on my nails that is so effffed up never coming back!!! My sister who paid for everything had to get her card swiped twice because the girl who did her feet was different from the one who did her hands...felt bad for my sis who paid way more them she expected
5	Amazing service!Amazing energy from KIM!Amazing recommendation from Desiree!Finally a nail salon who has a resonance of happy!Yah for me!!Used to go to CC nail Bar in this same center, until I was met with a super unkind, irritated "Kim" she was hurting my toes- no hello no nothing... I have been going there for years- then Peter took over and he is lovely. Just felt I needed a new happy energy place for happy feet am happy hands! So grateful.
4	It was my first time visiting the staff was very friendly accomadate me to my needs. I had a pedicure i was happy with my design on my toes will be returning again.
5	You should be skeptical of the bad reviews. I work hard with my hands as a nurse, and they generally look like crap. Since I never do a thing with the nails on my hands most of the time. I can't rave enough about this place, I've been going here for 2 years and refuse to go anywhere else! I move around a lot for work and have lived in lots of cities with lots of nail spas and none have been as wonderful and high quality as this spot. They are incredibly diligent in their work, the environment there is great, all the techs have an amazing personality and take their work very seriously. I have never had a bad experience there. As my memory, once time I got gel manicures and chipped one of my nails a week later, any other place would have charged me to have it redone, but not the techs at La Belle NailSpa, they squeezed me in despite being super busy and fixed it at no charge. The girl that did my nails was SOO friendly. We had a nice chat about various things. But I'm sure if you don't want to talk, they will accomodate you!  The place is a bit pricier than what I usually pay, but the service was wonderful. Love the work of all the technicians. Always a good experience here! I am a customer for life!
5	This is by far, the best nail salon in Las Vegas!  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and most importantly, they do an excellent job.  The owners, Nina and her husband have invested a lot of time and money into the aesthetics of the salon.  It's absolutely beautiful and is always immaculate.  Hygiene is imperative when getting nail services and one certainly does not have to worry here!  In addition, the salon is very well ventilated as they had fans installed in each station to draw the fumes.  Lastly and most important ladies:  they use LED gel lamps here--this is one of the key differences between La Belle and other nail salons.  UV lights cause skin damage and pose a risk of skin cancer.  Is this salon a little pricer than others?  Yes, a little.  You get what you pay for.  They really are the Benz of nail salons in Las Vegas, perhaps even the best I've EVER been to!!
4	This place is really clean and stylish. The techs all wear lab coat-ish things and are very professional. Great selection of polishes, including OPI. My tech wasn't the friendliest and she did try to upsell me to a gel pedicure, but she did a fantastic job with my polish and getting rid of my calluses.  They charge $32 for a pedicure (this includes a $2 upcharge for paying with a card, which is a little tacky). I will definitely go back.
5	Took me a while to find a nail salon that I loved this saloon is awesome been coming here for a while Jennie does my nails she is amazing I always leave in love with my nails .
5	I've been going to Jenny at la belle nail salon for two years.. She's amazing! I've had a great experience with her every single time. Never had a lifted or broken nail with her and my nails always look fabulous. I highly recommend Jenny . She's the absolute best in Vegas..
5	If you're looking for a reasonably priced nail salon that does quality work... This is the place to go! It's very clean & nicely decorated. Staff are all very friendly and helpful. They must have over 100 colors of shellac and glitter gel polish to choose from. A gel polish change is $23 & it lasts for weeks!! Other than nails & pedicures, they also offer waxing services & eyelash extensions. I'll definitely continue going to this salon!
5	La Belle is the BEST. I would recommend anyone to go there. The ladies are so sweet and they do an amazing job.
5	The best place in town as far as I'm concerned! Peter is exceptional place is spotless, quiet and professional
3	Twice now I have gone in after making an appointment with Jeni and they tell me that I am not down in the book. I show them on my phone the date and time I made the appointment. I had a Christmas party to go to and just enough time to get my nails done. Jeni felt so bad that this happened, again. I was told she no longer works there because this problem happens alot. I will be searching for a new nail salon soon, hopefully that wont mess up my appt times.
