5	Very New, Very Clean, only $11 per month but you pay 49.99 once per year. So it actually ends up being like 15 per month. Its a great deal and I was treated very nicely when I signed up.
4	I have been going to 24 hour Fitness and this gym, overlapping, for 6 months now. I am torn between giving it 3 or 4 stars.I really like the staff. I also like how there is a great amount of room around much of the machines and weights.I like the bathrooms, while a little on the small side, they are nice, well lit, and clean. Music here is greatly varied compared to 24 hour Fitness. Sometimes I like it and sometimes I don't. Bring your own.The trainers here are also great. I have used trainers at both Blast Fitness and 24 hour Fitness. I must admit that I have enjoyed the workouts more at this gym.Now for the reasons I didn't give it 5 stars.No rowing machines. Big oversight for a gym this size. They have treadmills and ellipticals with built in TVs, but not one rowing machine. They really need two Concept 2 Model D machines in there. At least one!Only 1 drinking fountain location. It's close to the cardio, but really far from the free weights. They really need to add a drinking fountain back there to service the cable machines, free weights, and group-X "class" area.Weight plates, and this may sound silly. They are way too thin and squared off. Trying to use the 45 Lbs plates for lunges is painful on the hands. I much prefer the rounded and comfortable plates at 24 hour Fitness.Only one back extension angled seat. Not talking about a cable or plate based machine. This is the angled bar with pads that you basically stand in and lean forward and back up to work your back with your body weight. They only have 1 in the common area and it's currently wobbling.No machines for calves or shins. Not the biggest issue. But I miss these.Dumbbells, very low on my list of complaints. The lower weights, 15 Lbs and under, are smaller circles, instead of thinner. So I ended up really smashing my finger when racking the weight as the bar directly hits the lip of the rack instead of having a gap. This is due to the plates have a smaller radius instead of being thinner. They should either get a different rack setup for the smaller weights, or getting ones that have thinner plates that are the same size to maintain the gap between the bar and rack. Just something to watch out for when racking these dumbbells.Again, biggest complaints are no rowing machines and only 1 drinking area.
5	Love the place! Love the LOUD Rock and Roll to get the blood pumping!
1	Misguiding!!!!I am surprised how people dont question about the fine prints this gym has!I went to sign up for month to month for $19.99 thinking that'll be it, but there was a $49.99 fee (staff said..'it is thrown automatically') Seriously ?? she was telling me as if she was throwing something for free.  Why would anybody opt for month to month? Probably to avoid commitment drama assuming 19.99 is already double the price of a year or so contract which is $10For any unforeseen reason if I have to stop the membership it would be equal or more expensive than other competitive gyms/studios around Why display? $10.99 or even $19.99 a month? Misguiding it is!Say 3 months - fine prints fee $49.99 + $19.99 for 3 months = ~ $37 a month
1	This place is as bad to be expected!The monthly fee is decent, however the neighborhood not so much. Also, every time I come here it smells of urine and on very rare occasions people will clean the machines. The manager and staff is incompetent and not very friendly.
5	I enjoy working out here. Not to mention it is at a great price with no contact! They have a private workout area for women, classes, and tanning. I also like that all the cardio equipment has its own tv. The only thing is I wish they had more yoga class times but Other then that  I would highly recommend this gym!
1	Called to cancel my membership,   I was told I needed to coffee in.  Okay fine.  Came in and now I am told I can only cancer in person Monday through Friday b from 10:30 am to 7 p.m..   really?
5	I really like this gym. It's always very clean and the staff is very nice and respectful.  All the equipment is kept in good condition and they have individual lockers to keep my stuff safe. I would recommend this gym to everyone!
4	wish they had later classes but th gym is clean and the staff is nice. it smells a little like rubber but doesn't stink. over all i find this better than la fitness for what it offered at its price.
1	The actual gym is ok but trying to cancel is a joke. It took over two months for me to cancel my membership.If you call the financial department they tell you to cancel at your location. At the location you can only cancel mon- fri from 10:30- 7 pm with a manager. Even then I'd show up and be told a manager was busy, at lunch, or called out. Once I finally did get a manager I was handed the "waiver" that clearly states I need to call the financial department ( which I had spoken to a month prior). So I called the same number for the financial department and again told them I wanted to cancel. Since I had spoken to a manager at my location now all I had to do was e-mail then..... 30 days later your membership is cancelled.2.5 months to cancel a membership is ridiculous. They are just crooks. Don't waste your time.
3	Nice gym. I've only come twice with a friend for their fitness classes, and the instructor was good. It seems like a good place to workout: lots of machines, even a ladies weight room.
