4	This is the younger, hipper, more affordable (thank god) line of Giorgio Armani and although some of the sportswear line is too Euro for me, the suits fit and more importantly make you look like what you expect wearing the Armani name.The San Francisco store is just as good (ask for Jennifer, cute brunette), but the Costa Mesa branch inside the South Coast Plaza Mall tend to be a bit lazy. Megan Chun in Las Vegas has been helping me for years, and I can never go wrong with her. If I am not out there I just send her the sku# and she charge sends me everything.
5	Had an awesome experience at the Ceasar's Palace/Las Vegas location.  My sales specialist rolled out the red carpet for me!.  If you're looking for an exclusive shopping experience and want an expert who is confident but not pushy, schedule an appointment with Kenyanna.
3	EA makes some seriously nice clothing.  The cut, the fit and the overall look are great.  I always know what to expect when I purchase clothing from here.The staff seem friendly but I had the most awkward sales person I've met in my life.  The store is decent size but nowhere near the size of the one in downtown SF.Drop in and one of their sales staff will hopefully get you fitted for a great night out.
5	Fabulous store--(I used to work here, so I'm a little partial, but LOVED every minute)The Emporio Armani (EA) line, is designed by Giorgio (unlike Armani Exchange).The store features men's & women's apparel, from jeans and tee's to suits, and formal dresses, accessories, & watches -(Giorgio bought one here himself), shoes, swimwear, perfume/cologne. They are moderately priced, (much less than the black label @ Bellagio) with excellent alterations-on site!  Sizing is Italian, so they run a little smaller--Example: size 38 (IT) is equivalent to a US-size 4, size 40(IT) -US 6, 42(IT) -US 8, etc... The fabrics and stitching are of outstanding quality, and the fit of the suits and dresses are amazing! Very Classic Simple Pieces, accentuate the body & make you look fabulous! I have pieces from 10 years ago, and they are still in style and beautiful-Seriously!
5	...if price were no object I'd likely have a closet full of Armani and Varvatos; one for the classics and one for the modern - yet with that said, the Emporio line of the Armani empire is not too shabby at all in the men's modern section, either.  Clean lines, great fits, incredible stitch work - pricey, but truly tailored.
