2	I wanted to do some price comparison to see if this place could be a savings over my vision insurance options. I have several pairs of glasses that based on my previous insurance are loaded up with all the niceties that Pearl Vision has to offer. I no longer work for the company that gave that type of vision coverage.  I have visited this location twice in the last six months and the experience both times has been poor. The first time there were already customers looking at glasses when I walked in so no one greeted me. I looked around and left and don't think anyone noticed. That can be great if you don't want to be bothered however if you have questions or are a social person that type of treatment can be offsetting. This next time I was greeting right when I walked in and told if I had questions to ask. Nice. I looked around and when I found my frames went to the counter. The sales woman was snarky and I don't even think that she was aware of it. She could not answer my questions without basing them on the current type of glasses I was wearing. I have several pairs of glasses that based on my previous insurance are loaded up with all the niceties that Pearl Vision has to offer Helpful in overwhelming me but not so much in just answering my basic question; being with the promo offered what do you really get..
2	I've been going there for year because it is a great deal on an exam and glasses.  However, now I am extremely disappointed.  I made an eye exam wanting contacts - however they would not release my prescription as I could not come back.  Now that I can - they are telling me I need another appointment even though I just had one in July.  I feel like I'm being scammed for $70 more dollars when all I wanted was contacts 6 months ago.  I will start shopping around for other providers.
4	I've been coming here since high school in Illinois, so when I moved to Arizona I just figured it was easiest to continue coming here.I've always had a fine experience here.  Normally the wait isn't too long and they don't usually try to make me buy anything I don't want.I always get the 3-year contract.  However, make sure you make a note of when your contract is up because when you want more contacts they will make you come in again for another exam and all of that.  So I just order a ton right before that agreement is up so that it can actually push me another year before I have to sign up again.
4	I've been coming to this location for the past three years and I have no complaints. Every time I come in for an eye exam and contacts the whole process runs smoothly and I have had no major issues. It's convenient and at a reasonable price I don't see why I'd go anywhere else. Not much to report here really other than after about four visits, this place is batting 1.000 (that's "they have been perfect" for the non-baseball fans out there).
1	Mandatory, yet horrible classes for contacts.After purchasing their contacts plan I was told I needed to take a class at the Tatum store. I was given the class by Daniel, who for 20 minutes told me in a hostile tone how I was going to permanently screw up my eyes with these contacts, with stories about his idiot customers. He then berated and cajoled me while I attempted to put the contacts in. If he had left me alone for five minutes, I would have been fine. Getting the prescription from them and getting the contacts online, which is what I should have done in the first place.Just got word from them (three days later) They said that I would have to come back and take their stupid class from the embittered, failed optometry student to get the prescription from the optometrist. This is in violation of Arizona Law so I might have to file a complaint with the Arizona Board of Optometry. Go ahead, America's Worst. Make my day.
4	Thank you to Daniel, the manager, for being SO attentive, informative, and knowledgable.  He repeatedly took me outside to compare lenses and made sure I understood every charge and aspect of ordering my glasses.  I didn't need an exam today but I was still treated like a special customer.  Thanks!
5	My husband was the "patient," not me. But I attended for moral - glasses picking out- support.The selection was good, the staff was attentive, the facility was clean.The prices were very fair and my husband found glasses he really liked. The mAn that helped us, Daniel, was extremely knowledgable!! He seemed to really know & enjoy his job and wAs very patient and attentive. Bravo
5	Many reviews initially scared me, but my experience at America's Best could not have been any better.  I am a pretty "tough customer" when it comes to healthcare, and the staff and product quality from this store was totally top notch.Since this was my first eye exam ever (except a general vision test at my GP's office), I was pretty intimidated by what might happen, but there was no reason to be frightened at all.  During my first appointment, I went through a series of very comfortable - and some actually fun - eye tests, and then saw the eye Doctor, who walked me through many types of magnifications to figure out what my prescription would be.  I was amazed at how well I could see with some of the magnifications, and essentially realized how long I had been in denial of my failing vision (I'm almost 40).We found out that I needed different prescriptions for both distance and reading, as well as different prescriptions for each eye.  Following my $10 eye exam, the totally awesome Melanie gave me my prescription but said she hoped I would come back to their store for my eyeglasses.Sure enough, Melanie was there to help me when I returned about a month later to order my glasses.  I went and independently picked out frames that I liked (employees were there to help, but did not at all hover over me, which I love).  I showed Melanie the frames I liked for my "driving" (distance) pair as well as my reading pair, paid the $69.00, and she said the glasses would be there in about two weeks.  I think the whole process took about 15 minutes.I received a call from America's Best once the glasses were in, and went and got them.  There, again, was Melanie in all of her awesomeness.  I really liked the whole team there, and never felt any pressure from anyone to purchase anything above and beyond what I needed.  They had me try both pairs on, spent time with me to make sure I thought they fit well and that I could see well, and then I was on my way.  I can now see much better when I am reading and driving at night (Phoenix drivers, you can feel much safer now, hahaha).  From what I hear, you cannot beat this price, and I have four different prescriptions, essentially, and pretty cool looking glasses - if you ask me.  :)  Oh, and two weeks later, I received a call from them making sure that everything was working out to my satisfaction.
3	I've been coming here for almost 15 years. Unfortunately, each time I go in, I am greeted with someone new that works there and she inevitably greets me like I am a stranger. *sigh* most other places if I've been a loyal costumer for 15 years at least I am greeted with a warm smile and recognition. The plus side of this nationwide chain is that it's always quick and easy to go in to see the eye doctor. Even if it's a different one each time. The glasses there used to be super reasonable. But ever since it got bought by the Italian eyeglasses manufacturer, I've noticed a dramatic increase in price. So I go in for the quick and easy eye exam then I go somewhere else to get my glasses and contac lenses since well, prices are cheaper elsewhere and to them, I am just a stranger even after 15 years. *sigh*
1	There's an old saying out there. "You get what you paid for" Well, that's the case here. You buy cheap, you get cheap. I have bought 4 pairs of eye glasses from this location, in the last year. The staff is friendly enough and they never charge me for repairs. The screws on my frames fall out all the time. The thin metal frames have to be bent back into shape all the time. Today, they needed to put in a screw, but didn't have the right screw in stock. I was told to come back in two weeks and they would have the correct screws in stock or "go across the street to the other eye glass store." I'm all done buying from these people. "Live and learn."
