5	My son and I rented jet skis for the first time.  The service was awesome, Ryan obviously has the details down.  Picking up at 6pm the night before for no extra charge meant we could be on the lake first thing in the morning.  We were done early afternoon (it's a blast, but 6 hours straight of skiing was enough for one day!!) and got back in town just in time for the 4:00 to 5:00 return window.  Skis and trailer were in tip top shape, as well as life jackets for no extra charge.
1	We were out at the lake this weekend boating and towed a jet ski rented from Jet Action back to the dock.  Things happen, but when I called the office to help make arrangements for the couple "stuck" in the middle of the lake, I was treated rudely and told that "these things don't break down so I don't know what to tell you."  No suggestions or assistance was offered. I would NOT rent here.  Unhelpful and very rude.
4	Had a great experience with this company! Rented 2 jet ski's and they worked great!! We had a fun day.
1	JET ACTION RENTALS destroyed my view on small Arizona business and tarnished my dreams of enjoying a great relaxing "staycation" with my family at the lake.  Today JET ACTION RENTALS stole my money and left me down creek without a paddle. Ive spent five years at war fighting for this country and the small business in it only to come home and find out the real terrorists have been here the whole time. Setting up shady businesses to take advantage of the hard working American people by stealing their money. I do not recommend this "ESTABLISHMENT", for the absence of a better word, to anybody that holds any respect for the values of small business. They lack trust, justice, dignity, and dependability.My family and I were passing by their establishment when we decided to swing in and try to get a fun toy to help us relax at the lake. The man that helped us pulled a number out of his hat on what we would pay. He said "$100 for the first day $175 for the next two." Skeptical of our deal we asked to see a price book or any paperwork at all but the business had nothing to show us. We asked what the cancelation process is and he went on to tell us that "as long as we canceled before the 48 hours prior to picking up the jet ski it would be a full refund." He said he needed my driver license and a credit card to hold the watercraft. He then took my cards and placed them out of my sight and logged all my info into an IPAD to be stored. He gave me my cards back and walked me out the front door telling me I can come back Thursday to collect my rentals.  Skeptical of the whole ordeal I had a friend call the establishment 20mins after I left to price out what it would cost him to rent the same days and the same equipment. He was told nearly $30 more each day. I decided to call around and check group on only to find that every other business was much cheaper to rent from and groupon had some jetskis going for as low as $85 a day.  I called JET ACTION back with in one hour of being at the store to tell him that I was going to go a different direction and would like to cancel my request to rent. He informed me that the deposit I spent to hold the reservation was Non-refundable and he said  "it belongs to me now!" I told him that I had no idea about that and even specifically asked before I put money down if I would receive a full refund, to which he replied, "YES." He told me that that part of the agreement was emailed to me after we did our deal. I did get an email from him after I called telling me that it was non-refundable, but signed or saw nothing during purchase.
4	i lived on a lake in the midwest until i was 18 years old so i know jet-skis and boats really well. i rented from Jet action rentals back when they were at their old location (store was clean and professional inside) and got a deal through groupon. i thought that the customer service was good and all policies and procedures to be normal given this industry. We got 2 skis, one had a few blemishes (to be expected with rentals) and the other was clean, but both ran good and we didn't have any problems while out on the water. they even had the bag style anchors inside the front storage compartment which we did use. i wished at the time we could have picked them up the evening before instead of the morning of (i wanted more time on the water) and felt a little rushed to get them back before they closed, but I checked out their website recently (looking to rent from them again in the next couple weeks before it gets cold out) and it looks like you CAN pick-up the evening before now.
