5	Hey N Las Vegas Yelpers!I'm surprised that Seastrand Park isn't on yelp... so as a repeat offender... I'm here to shine light on such a public friendly park!I recently discovered my neighborhood park and have been taking my puppy here for her daily walks.I did a little research and this park was built in 2000, so it's a fairly new park and it's really big 22.3 acres. Something for everyone. Baseball field, tennis courts, soccer fields, play grounds, exercise stations, lots of open space, public restrooms and a big parking lot. What I come here for is the nice walking/jogging path. My puppy and I love our walks here.It's usually empty when I'm here with a few scattered people here and there. I do notice other people walking their dogs... which is nice.So if you live in the area and looking for a people/dog friendly park...Stop by Seastrand Park!5 wags from Ebi-Miss Yelp 2011
4	This a great park.  They have plenty of sporting playing fields. They have a neat playground that has age appropriate slides and swings.I do like that in the Summers that have a "movie in the park" thing where you can bring the family for free and watch a Disney movie in the park. The only downside is there is a major street right next to it so please watch your little ones or if you have school age kids going to the park by themselves please remind them to stay away from it.
4	Pretty standard park if you ask me
5	Everything you are looking for in a decent park!The layout of this place is a good design. On one end you have a big parking lot. This section is where the kids playground and some covered areas complete with tables, benches, and barbeque grills. Also there is a large soccer field and tennis court as well, not ti mention several basketball courts.In the middle of the park you have a single stand up building for your restrooms which I gotta say when I used it that it was nice and clean. Just past that are a couple of baseball fields that are nicely maintained. Also there is another parking lot next to that as well so you don't have park on the other side and don't have to walk as far.All through out the park there are benches and drinking fountains which to me means a lot especially on those hot triple digit summer days. The paths are nice and wide enough for joggers, bikers, and for walking your dog.
4	We went there for a little softball practice and was disappointed in the fact that it is gated and was locked. It was on a Saturday so im assuming that they are closed on the weekends. Im assuming unless they have games planned. But overall the park is very clean, quite, and they have a walkway to get your exercise on.  Very nice park and will be back for sure and take advantage of its great offerings!!
