5	I love Sara!  The other night I was going out, such a treat - I had an appt to have Sara give me cool beach waves with my magic curling wand!  She was exactly on  time, I was in and out of there in 30 minutes!  love her!  Thanks Sara!
1	I had to go back to get my hair fixed here, because the girl who cut my hair gave me a lopsided haircut. My hair was literally 2 to 3 inches longer on one side (and this was not intended to be an asymmetrical haircut). Bizarrely enough, she was completely incapable of seeing this fact and despite the fact that I was showing her the side that was longer she kept cutting the opposite side and making the hair even more lopsided. Maybe she was dyslexic and was flipping the sides around in her mind. Anyway, I finally gave up and decided I did not want her to screw up what was left of my hair anymore so I said I was happy and left. I have never had a haircut that has been so obviously lopsided. Do not recommend at all.
4	I totally agree with Sandra...  Jamie IS the best!!The Salon recently merged with Covet down the street.  Although kinda weird being in the back of a clothing boutique, the place is nice.  It is cleaner, smaller & the lighting is much better.
5	I was referred to Joel Porter from a friend who has more style and attitude in the end of her pinkie finger than most people amass in their lifetime....so when she said that "Joel is THE man", I listened. As Green Me Up stated, Joel always creates a beyond trendy haircut just for you--your style, taste and age appropriate. I agree, I don't wanna look like a soccer mom, nor do I want to look like I am middle aged trying to be 16 (or even 21), but I still wanna be hot! Joel is a master at cut and color, and after a quick consultation (the first one lasted about 20-30 minutes) about what I am loving--and hating about my hair, he gets to work. I usually give him free reign and let him work is magic, and it is always a hit. This last time however, I was ready to go red again for fall, and it fell a bit flat. He tried a brand new color, and I thought it was a bit ashy (I thought I had broken his heart). He asked me to wear it for a week or so, and if an adjustment needed to be made, he would take care of it. Wellll, here I am 4 weeks into it and just can't go until my next appointment (I still don't like it although I received a bunch of compliments). I went to Joel today, we discussed the color, and he went to work. I was hoping that he would give me a discount, but when I was told there was NO CHARGE, I was amazed. Joel, you do great work, thank you for always making me look and feel FAB! You have deserved praise before, I am sorry it has taken me so long to get to it!Oh, BTW, Covet is gone and Salon Jo*El now occupies the entire space.  If you want an amazing cut that you don't see every one else wearing, be sure to visit Joel!!
5	I highly recommend stylist Rachel Bonn. When I moved away from AZ I was devastated to have to change stylists. Rachel did such a phenomenal job with my cut and color that I always received compliments from both friends and strangers and requests for my stylist's information. I would not hesitate to recommend her for cut and color, male or female, as everyone I've ever referred has been thrilled with her. Not only that, but she genuinely cares about her clients. And, she gives a wonderful massage during shampoo! If you're looking for someone that will give you a stylish look and can handle short hair, etc., give her a try!
5	Great!
5	Rachel Bonn is amazing!  She has been doing my cut and color for about 10 years and I constantly get complimented on my hair!  Not only are my haircuts always stylish, but they are completely easy to maintain when I'm home so I always feel fresh from the salon.  She knows exactly what I'm going for whether I want to change things up or just reshape and I've been able to refer many satisfied friends, co-workers and family members.  Highly recommend!
5	I have been getting my haircut at Salon Jo-El since 2001.  I come from a family of stylists and I can honestly say that this salon has the highest quality stylists.  I have seen 3 different stylists there over the years, and they were consistently trained.  All T & G trained stylists, both male and female.  The decor is clean, upscale and modern.  They have Grant Wiggins' artwork up right now.  Very cool.  Now Rachel cuts my hair.  She takes time to make sure I have both a professional look and some style for the weekend. I highly recommend Rachel for gentlemen that care about healthy style.
5	Rachel Bonn has been cutting and coloring my hair for years.  I've been through shags, bobs, pixies, red, blonde, brown, everything.  I'm back to my blonde bob, btw.  Anyway, through all of that, I always-always-always have awesome hair.  I leave the salon looking fabulous, spend the next several weeks looking great (even as my hair grows out.  How cool is that??), and then I come back for more.  Rachel simply will not let me leave the salon until the cut and color are absolutely perfect.  And she's kind and funny and sweet.  If I could give 11 stars, I would.  ;-)
4	I've been looking for a stylist since I moved from CA EIGHT years ago!  Finally found one with Jon-Michael.  He gave me an awesome haircut, completely appropriate for my age and face, and it's something I can style myself and get near same results.  That's a 5 star stylist in my book.  The highlights he put in look natural.  People kept commenting "did you do something with your hair?  It looks great!"  I NEVER got that before.  The salon has a very personal touch, and I feel like the style I got was unique to me, without being totally over the top.  I feel fantastic, and my hair looks and feels great.  Completely worth the price.
5	Janmichael is the best stylist I've been to in the valley! I am not the best at knowing how to describe the style I want but he still finds a way to get the results I want. Highly recommended from someone I know and I'm glad I listened. The owner is also extremely nice and from what I hear he is also an amazing stylist.
5	I got my haircut from Joel himself, and let me tell you, he does an amazing job. He really takes the time to figure out what you're looking for and then magically crafts your hair to the best result possible. I've had my hair cut in Paris and NY and he is just as good as the top hair-stylists there and definitely better than anywhere in AZ. Pay the $$ and go.
5	Have the best haircut and color I've ever had. Thank you Ginger you are AMAZING!! The entire staff is very attentive and professional. I am so happy to have the best!!
5	I've been going to Rachel Bonn for over 10 yrs and absolutely LOVE her! She's an incredibly talented hair stylist both in cut and color! She would have to be considering my ever changing mood from wanting to go blonde, then brunette and back to blonde so often! You know how hard that is to perfect every time but Rachel somehow finds a way to do just that!  I get SO many compliments on my hair and I owe it to her!  I would HIGHLY recommend Rachel to anyone!   ...AND she's fun and spunky!
5	I moved from LA to PHX 3 years ago and have been looking for a great stylist since then. I received a LivingSocial offer for Rachel Bonn at Salon Jo-El a few days ago and thought I would give it a try. My first impression of the salon was really good: great ambiance and I was even offered a glass of wine! Rachel did my highlights, cut and style in less than 3 hours, which is unheard of in my case (I have long hair and a lot of it). I can honestly say that she gave me the best cut I've ever had. On top of that, Rachel gave me tips throughout the whole process, and I found her to be fun, upbeat, and with a great personality. I will definitely go back, and recommend her to all my girlfriends and coworkers!
5	I called and spoke to Rachel and wanted to set an appointment for my wife to get her hair done as an anniversary gift.  I explained it would be for a style and color.  I had purchased a special deal through Living Social and Rachel honored it.Rachel was VERY easy to talk to and I could tell that she really knew her business.She said she would take very good care of my wife, and she did.  My wife LOVED her new hair style and color and so did I.  She received TONS of compliments from co-workers and her clients alike.It was a very successful anniversary celebration! Thank you Rachel!
5	I needed a change and found it here!I've been here twice now & had two different stylists. Still very pleased but I wasnt excited about the music. Offensive & wouldn't want children to hear it. That was the only negative thing I have experienced.
5	I got my hair done by Kittim, and it was perfection!!! I know this sounds very narcissistic, but my hair just looks SO GOOD!! I got the living social deal for cut, color, and highlight, which is a super bargain for what I got in return. He put a lot of effort into making sure my hair color comes out the way I want, and the end result is just amazing. I will definitely come back!
2	I would have loved to rate this hair salon higher, but in the midst of my search for a quality salon in Phoenix, this does not rate on my list of favorites.  The guy who cut and highlighted my hair was very friendly, however, my highlights looked disastrous.  I asked for a natural look and I got areas that were bleached out, orange, light brown, and some blonde.  I would not return there, even to get my hair fixed, in fact, I went somewhere else to get my color corrected, which I wish would not have had to happen because now my hair is damaged.  Overall, I would rate the salon higher if my color service were better, but the place was clean and the staff were friendly enough.
5	I have been going to another stylist since we moved to AZ (almost 4 years ago), but recently she has started teaching at a beauty school full time and only sees clients every other Sunday.  With my schedule being tight and this salon being about 20 min away, I was on the search for another stylist who has more hours during the week and was near my home.  I happened to find this LS deal and upon reading Yelp reviews, decided to give it a try.  SOO glad I did!  First off, the salon itself has a very cool, modern, swanky vibe- without being uptight and pretentious.  You get a perfect mix of the higher end feel without the snotty service.  I saw another reviewer stated something about the music being offensive... I guess that is up to personal preference because I really enjoyed the music.  So much in fact that I Shazamed a bunch of songs while I was waiting to download for myself later.  I observed the interaction between all the stylists and clients and it was very warm and professional.Onto my service.  I also worked with Kittim.  He is amazing!  I showed him a picture of what I wanted and he took the time to discuss what my expectations were regarding color, maintenance and the overall feel I wanted.  I agree with the other reviewer who also worked with Kittim.  You definitely get a strong sense of concern when working with him.  A great listener and a master of his craft.  The end result was beautiful!  Highlights were exactly what I wanted- natural and subtle, but gave my hair dimension.  Cut was executed exactly as planned.  and the final styling was polished and impeccable.  My only regret is that I went directly home after my appt instead of going out someplace fun to show off my new do!
4	I went in and got my hair ombre and layers put into my super long hair. Initially, I was very nervous, but Rachel did an excellent job! Ask for Rachel! She knows what she is doing. I love love my hair!!!!!
5	I went to Salon Jo-El for the first time today, and had my hair cut and styled by Madelyn.  This may be the best cut I've ever had!  So flattering, exactly what I was looking for.  Madelyn took the time to talk to me about my hair wants, gave me styling tips, and was all-around charming and friendly.  The salon itself is very cool, with great unique artwork.  Very clean, very welcoming.  LOVE this place and have found my new hair home!
1	I purchased a Living Social deal back in September and have been trying ever since to redeem.  I had to leave when I did actually book an appointment because the stylist was over 30 minutes late into my appointment (I waited a total of 45 minutes) and wasn't acknowledged, except by the receptionist on the way out.  I emailed the salon manager asking for assistance and never heard back.  I guess I am out $59.00. Too bad because the reviews for this salon seem pretty great overall.  :(
5	Moved to the Arcadia neighborhood a year ago and just couldn't do the trek to my favorite senior stylist at Rolf's in the East Valley anymore.  I'm finicky about my cuts and find it crucial to have an expert when it comes to perfectly blending the highs and lows in my very fine blonde tendrils.  I have to say, Ginger knocked my socks off today.  The girl knows her stuff and the owner, Joel runs a great salon.  The experience from start to finish was top shelf the whole way and worth the price.  Bonus, they give second visit and referral discounts!  I have definitely found my new salon.
5	I've finally found the perfect salon and stylist! Rachel did an amazing job on my hair. She did a color correction and a reshaping cut. She put so much time and care into it, and it turned out beautifully! I will definitely be back to see Rachel!
3	This is a constructive review and I have to be honest...nicely. I read wonderful reviews about Rachel on Yelp so thought I'd try Jo-el. Just moved so trying to find someone good is tough. I walked in and was a bit undecided on what style I wanted. After our conversation, I could tell she was frustrated. I'm not one for change, so just kept the old style. After about an hour, my bangs were about halfway around my head - I went home and cried. It's 8 months later and they're still growing out. Did I mention I had a $45 coupon and she said it didn't apply to her since she was a more experienced stylist? The rest of the cut was great, and if you know what you want, I'm sure she's fantastic. The place was nice, but won't be back ever again.
4	The only reason I'm giving them four stars instead of five is because I've only been to one stylist there. I absolutely love Greg and would follow him anywhere. That said, everyone there is extremely friendly and all the customers always seem very pleased.
