4	I love Vegas.  I love the hotels.  I've never been to the Palazzo but it sound schnazzy enough.  I walked up to the guest tower and WHAT?  WHAT IS THIS?  THE COFFEE BEAN & TEA LEAF RIGHT HERE?  All I have to do is drag my hungover body down the elevator and about 25 feet and I can have my beloved [coffee bean & tea leaf]?  Geezus.  I almost died.Of course, like everything in hotel/Vegas, it will cost you almost double what you usually pay in the "real world".  I got my regular hazelnut soy latte for about $7.50 (about $4 back in the real world).  It was delicious though and it made me consider drinking coffee instead of alcohol for .2 seconds.  It was always pretty busy but they have an efficient process back there.  Delicious....
5	Service is great, their servers are always on point even when the little joint they have gets swamped with tourists and all their orders.  From the first recommendation they've never steered me wrong, LOVE that!  I'm a caffeine junky...
3	These guys delay.  Starbucks, Peets Coffee, other coffee beans have made their drinks a lot faster.  Also the cash register girl asked for my first name to call, but they yelled out the drink name instead.  What's the point.
5	Very pleased with this location!  The coffee takes a few minutes but worth the wait. One more reason why the Venetian is my favorite!
4	When you stay in Las Vegas you quickly learn the hotels do not want you to stay in your sleeping room to recover. The less time you spend there means a greater opportunity for the casinos and service providers to receive buckets of your money! In short this means there are no in room coffee makers.The Coffee Bean is a local chain situated in many area hotels and is always my first stop in the morning. There are two fast moving lines available. The drinks only line is usually the quickest way to get your morning dose of whatever hot or cold non- alcoholic beverage you desire without viewing all the eating temptations offered in the gigantic glass case!   Teas, espressos, lattes, fresh brewed coffees from exotic global regions and.......... if you do go through the other line, do exercise  caution!There are pre-prepared breakfast sandwiches ready to heat and eat, decadent pastries dripping with icings, cinnamon or raspberry cheesecake muffins and nut covered breads that will take care of any morning empty spot that craves to be filled. I opted for a perfectly ripe banana, waited briefly down the counter for my large Americano and proceeded to an inviting wide comfortable chair in the sitting area, sat and enjoyed the soft vocals of Sheryl Crowe while slowly reviving from the fog of last nights activity. The Coffee Bean did its job and resuscitated me enough to survive another trade show day!
2	Blended coffee drinks--too sweetTea--the flavor didn't taste pure (I am a tea snob).  Price--ugly ($5.95+ per cup)If the quality was better, I would be happy to pay more.  However, even with the convenience factor of being an elevator ride away, I still will refuse to go here.  Starbucks has better tea.  For better (Lavazza) coffee, go to the coffee shop Presso by taking the elevator to the Palazzo shops.  Pricey still but better quality. P.S. Upon checking in at the Palazzo the passport has a B1G1 free coupon.  Very restrictive on what you can use and I would rather pay more for better coffee!Service--nice person ad the front, but the machine which charges to your room was not functioning, so that was annoying.  I also was not too happy about the restrictions placed on type of drinks...given that it's the same price, and your margin is high, why does it matter whether my choice is "seasonal?"  You are practically turning away business!Will not be back...
4	Bartisas were pleasant and courteous. Nothing to complain about.
4	Glad to see this place first thing in the morning! Everyone is really friendly and they work supper fast. The only negative is everything is double the price. The convenience of having you morning coffee and pastry right when You get off the elevator makes it worth it though
