5	What a great dental office to deal with. Now there's a statement you don't often hear. Dr. Mistry and her staff actually care about you and are constantly checking to insure there are no painful surprises coming your way. This was my first visit after an unpleasant experience at another Charlotte dentist and I couldn't be more pleased. All the latest equipment, lots of information and treatment options explained and the prices are rock bottom. I could easily have bought a new car for all the money I've had to spend on my teeth, wish I had found Pineville Dentistry sooner- I would be driving a nicer car! Thanks you guys see you soon.
5	This is the best dentist I've ever had. I love all the ladies that work there because they make you feel like family! You have to try them out. I was scared of the dentist before I went here and now I love going in every 6 months for my cleanings!!
5	A+ nice and gentle dentist,,,,,, it I did not have to wait a long time at the front office very nice and patient thank you again melvin rivera
5	Very impressed with my experience. I did not have to wait at all. They took me right after I finished my paperwork. Mona, my dental hygienist, and Dr. Mistry were fantastic. They were professional, personable, and made me feel comfortable. Would definitely recommend this office.
5	I had great experience at this practice! The staff were friendly and welcoming and Dr Mistry was gentle and kind. I made a second appointment for a cleaning. I highly recommend this practice for anyone searching for a dentist!
5	I had a great experience here. The whole staff was very friendly and professional. They all went over exactly what to expect and gave me an estimate for extra work I needed but no pressure what so ever to get it done or make an appointment. I felt very welcome and taken care of here! I'll definitely go back :)
5	Friendly, Caring, Easy to work with.I was in a hurry to get some work done before a trip and was able to get an appointment here. They were really nice over the phone and even better in person. The dentist, Dr. Mistry, is great - she got right to work and was very fast and friendly.No one likes going to the dentist, but if you have to go... go here.
