3	I'll give IGA 3 stars for the convenience factor alone.  Until it opened, the only grocery options in Oakland were CVS and RiteAid.  It is so convenient to now have a "full" grocery store right in Oakland.  They might not have the widest selection, but they sell everything you need to stock your fridge for a week or two - produce, deli meats and cheese, canned items, frozen foods, dairy and eggs, cereal, breads, baking supplies, and even beer.But you definitely pay for this convenience factor.  Most items are 20-30% more expensive than at Giant Eagle.  Then again, if you live in Oakland, you don't have to take the bus to IGA...so it's a trade off.
4	Its a nice grocery storeFor being a college student with no car that is a nice place to get my groceries from.  Its a little on the expensive side but it is worth it since it is the only grocery store around. They have all the basic necessities that a person would need, I am not making 5 star courses with it but they have enough so that I can feed myself
3	A very convenient location for anyone living in Oakland. I use this store as a convenience grocery store; that is, I stop by for small portions of ingredients such as a bag of frozen vegetables or a shaker of a particular spice. Price-wise, it's not ideal for everyday/weekly shopping (which should be expected given the lack of proximate competition).
1	Pretty terrible for a grocery store. Their advertised "gluten free" section made me sad, it contained 2 types of bread and rice Krispy treats. The music was incredibly loud. I was the only customer and staff members did not acknowledge me or ask if I needed help finding anything. Won't be back.
3	I occasionally come here after work if I forget a grocery that I need to pick up, due the convenience of the location.  The selection is limited and the layout is confusing, but they usually have what I need.  (An alternative that I always forget about is Rite Aid across the street.)  The prices are usually a bit higher than those of the Shadyside Market District, my default grocery store, but last time, I did learn that goat cheese logs here cost only about 60% of what they cost at the Market District.  I agree that this isn't an ideal store for normal weekly grocery shopping due to the reasons listed above, but when I forget an item, it beats having to go all the way to my normal store and back, given that it's only about a block or two from where I work.
