5	OK seriously.  This could be one of Arizona's hidden treasures.  I almost don't want to share this, because it will eventually mean long lines for me.This is a corner store (appropriately on the corner) of 56th Street and Indian School.  It at some time was probably a 7-11 or Circle K.  But they have THE BEST sandwiches in town.  When you walk in, it's a little sketchy.  So don't say you haven't been warned.  It is a convenience store and in a corner of the store they also happen to make sandwiches.  If you aren't scared away, then you are in luck, because this corner of the store is where all the magic happens.  You ask the Asian guy at the counter for a slip and you write down your sandwich order.  He then hands it to the Asian guy in the corner who will then make your sandwich.  They use Boar's Head meats and aren't stingy with it!  I had a roast beef sandwich that had at least 2 inches of meat on it...and with all the toppings, my sandwich was only $6!  Plus, since it's a grocery store/gas station type place, you can grab some chips, nuts, drinks, beer, wine...whatever you need to go with your sammie.  I passed on the beer/wine since I was headed back to work to eat my sandwich at my desk. I recommend that you too get your sandwich and sides "to go"...since it's a corner store, there is no where to "sit and eat" unless you like eating in your car...and I have a really weird aversion to people who eat in their cars.  OR...you can dine in the AZ summer heat at a picnic table that is in the parking lot.  But, the table was taken today by a truck full of construction workers who obviously also learned about this wonderful sandwich shop.Anyway, if you work or live in the area, you need to give this place a try...it is truly one of the best sandwiches I've had in at least a year or two.  I will be going back...REAL SOON.
4	You would never know it from the sign out front, but this little convenience store on 56th Street and Indian School is quite a gem!  I've been in a few times over the years for a drink or a snack or what have you, but today, I decided to go pick up a sandwich, and I was super impressed!"Proudly featuring Boar's Head," says the sticker on the saran wrap that sealed my sandwich, and it's featured on the sandwich board as well.  Boar's Head = quality, or so my husband has ingrained in my head.  He grew up on the stuff in Jersey!  Back to my sandwich... I ordered the turkey with the works on a wheat roll.  ($5.59) It was ready in minutes and totally hit the spot.  My only complaints were that they don't offer avocado and the store has a very limited chip selection.  (note to store - please order some sun chips!)On a positive note, they have picnic tables outside, although I took my sandwich to go.  I'll be back to this deli / market for sure - I live and work super close by!
5	I'm surprised that this place only has a handful of reviews, but I guess that happens when your regulars are a bunch of Yelp sales people who can't write reviews.I frequent this establishment bi-weekly and always get a legit sando. Not too many Deli's in Phx that are that classic Deli/Convenient store combo like you find on every few corners in Cali, and this spot nails it. I usually stick with the Ham & Turkey Club because their bacon kills it, nice and crispy, crunch.
5	This unsuspecting gem offers cheap, delicious sandwiches and boasts Boar's Head quality meats and cheeses.  I was so happy when I stumbled across this place.  It feels like a true "corner" deli.  The sandwiches vary between $5-6 a pop with a wide assortment of options.  They certainly don't skimp on the fixings.  My simple turkey and salami on sliced wheat bread was a good 2.5 inches tall.  They also have a great selection of beverages and beers to compliment your sandwich selection.  We sat outside to enjoy our sandwiches and watched a steady stream of happy customers, many of which seemed like regular visitors.  Don't make the mistake of driving by this place again without stopping in for a sandwich.
5	I stopped in quickly for bottled water and walked out with a delicious bacon turkey club piled high with turkey.
4	Surprisingly... Amazing!! The fresh bacon makes it mouthwatering. Docked one star because they lacked personality & admittedly don't use Yelp!
5	A great find in the neighborhood. The deluxe(turkey, ham, roast beef) & the turkey-ham on a wheat roll was filling and delicious!  We will be going back.
