5	I got a quote for my front brakes from Brake Master for $275 bucks. Walked out of Firstone for only $107. Quick and easy as well. Walked in at 830 with no appointment and walked out at 12. It was a bit of a wait but they had three or four cars in there before me. It's also close enough to walk to a store if you get bored. They were very helpful. I definitely recommend this Firestone. I've heard that they are a rip off but I didn't see that at all. I got a great deal and they have coupons online!
5	I'm not one to review an auto shop but these guys were awesome:) I went in to get my brakes checked and I really felt like I was taken care of and didn't feel like I was getting gyped not knowing anything about cars and all.... LOL. The mechanic guy that was helping me really explained everything to me and gave me a couple of options that would work for me , I mean i guess it's a little higher than local auto shops but I know that the quality of their work is guaranteed  plus they had a nice waiting area and a fridge full of water!!! Whaaaat???! hi. Hello. I'll be back :)
1	Not happy with this location. Went in for an oil change and they did not put the oil cap back on. Now I have oil that leaked on my driveway and a huge mess of oil under the hood. Seems like a simple task to put the cap back on, but they managed to screw it up.
5	These guys are great, I always come here to get my oil changed because they are professional and know what they are doing. They get my car done in a reasonable amount of time and I trust them. I used to go to Walmart but these guys do a way better job at good prices.
5	Manager Jeff Rathjen and co worker jose Tapia we came into the store today for a window was not going down but not also going up so we brought it into this store and the manager took the report and gave it to his worker within 5 10 minutes I was told that the window was now working again so that means I do have an intermittent problem still with this window but the company did not charge me no service fee or no charge I am so appreciated and I will use this service company again and I thank you.
