4	So happy they opened up here! Great taste& quick...my hungry soccer girls love this place. Only problem is the crew is rowdier than every other jimmy johns I ever patronized before so that's why I am not giving it 5 stars.
4	Happy that they opened a store near me. Sub and service is what you expect from Jimmy John's. Gave 4 star because of bad location. Difficult to see from Power Road.
2	Was excited to see them finally opening one up on our side of town, but was quickly smacked down by hit and miss service and quality of food.  It seems like 50% of the time we go to this location which was at least once a week when it first opened, the food was just plain not good.  Crust bread, all ends of peppers in the sandwich.  And the other half it was great just like Jimmy Johns is every where else.  So my recommendation is if you are driving down power go to the one on Southern if you can or the one at Gilbert and the 202, simply because you just never know what you are going to get from this location.
3	UPDATEAfter another bad experience with them, having to chase my driver across campus, the owner called me and handled the situation very nicely.  I was not out for free food or anything he just seemed to really want to make the situation right.  To me that is what matters a little more than something bad happening on a visit.  Thanks Bo!
4	Good Sammies, super fast. I love JJ's. The best one is Gilbert and Germann, just because the people that work there are always friendly. Here they just do their job but that's fine too. Not a lot of seating at this one but JJs is consistent, good and I don't think I've ever waited more than 2 minutes for a sandwich.all sandwiches are cold so if you need toasted go elsewhere but it way better than the other chains.
4	Jimmy Johns is fast,fresh and good. They would be that much better if they sold hot sandwhiches.
1	Just called this location and I live 1.8 miles away. I asked them to deliver and they informed me that they would not deliver to my house because it was a couple hundred yards out of the map plan. They asked me to call the power and southern store. This store advised me that they could not deliver because jimmy johns has a two mile radius they can deliver to.  Called this store back and they once again decided to tell me even though I was in the two mile radius they did not want to deliver to me and my only option was for pickup. I will never eat at this location. I know the owners at Firehouse Subs and they go out of the way and this location is just lazy. Not getting my money jimmy johns no matter how fast you are. Laziness is worse
