1	So, I used Groupon and paid 15 Dollars for a oil change and brake check, which was awesome. It also gives you 20% off if you need your brakes done. I knew it was almost time to replace my brake pads, since I have a Ford Mechanic friend, and he had done my back brakes the year before. Auto Tech wanted to charge me 400+ dollars to do my front brakes and they said I needed new rotars. haha...I had my friend do them for me and he machined my rotars, which were fine and could still be machined probably 5 more times after this. I ended up paying 125 dollars. So, they were going to rip me off. I guess if you just want a oil change here, its cool, but I wouldn't trust them to do your brakes. Some people are just lazy and want to put new rotars on without machining them, but sometimes the new rotars need to be machined too, or you will have problems later.
5	I'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about but i had a great experience with autotech. I bought a groupon for unlimited oil changes for a year. The one thing i would definitely suggest is to make an appointment because they have been busy with oil changes with all the specials they've been having. They were quick and the receptionist was super nice. They didn't try to sell me anything extra and even rotated my tires which i guess is part of the deal but i didn't know that so it was a nice surprise. Overall, great service and a good job on a standard oil change. It also helps that i get unlimited oil changes for a year and i only paid $35!
1	Purchased the Groupon offer for $35 for a years worth of oil changes. I made an appointment for 12pm, because the first service was expected to take a minimum of 1- 1 1/2 hours. Upon my arrival I was informed that there would be an additional charge of $15.00 for a special oil filter for my truck. I expected this charge so I was okay with paying.I was then informed that the plug to the oil pan was stripped and would need replacing at the cost of an additional $35! I had the entire oil pan replaced less than one year ago, so not sure why it is already broken again!Needless to say, I had to pay $50 for services.Not going back. Ever
5	Got my first smog check ever, as I am not from NV and have never had to deal with this issue before.  Auto Tech was great!  We walked in around 12pm and within 15 min they were all done!!  I highly recommend this place if you need a fast and cheap smog test! 25$
5	Quick and simple!
5	My fault in advance. I am the master procrastinator.  For one, I rarely check my mailbox.  And two, when I finally check my mail, there's usually something like a smog check that I forgot to take care of.  Well that's exactly what happened to me.  I'm on my third warning for failing to get my smog done. So off to Yelp to figure out the fastest, highest rating, and most convenient smog check place. Pulled up my Yelp app and viola, Auto Tech with all the rave reviews.  Really??  Most of their reviews are actually 5 stars.  No way Jose. I need to see what's really going on. So, I arrive and I see this man sitting impatiently outside. Mel C:  How long it's going to take you?Impatient Dude:   At least 2 hoursMel C:  I better get my iPad and Laptop.  Looks like I'm setting up shop for a few hours while my car gets worked on. To my surprise, I had a great experience here at Auto Tech.  I was welcomed by the great Tabitha behind the counter. If you review the photos, that's Tabitha aka the Master Tech.  I explained to her that I have never had to take care of my own smog check and handed her my registration.  Tabitha took my paperwork, my keys, and came back 5 minutes later with "You're Done".  I'm serious, only 5 minutes in and out of this place. Emissions done, smog done, and lunch on the way to be done.  This review actually took longer than my smog check. All these 5 star reviews are not a fluke.  Tabitha and the crew at Auto Tech rock!!! TIP:  I hear that there's a Groupon for a year's worth of oil changes for only $35. I would totally take advantage of this if my oil changes weren't covered already.  Peace out!!!
1	I just wanted to warn people. Please do not take your car to auto tech. I brought my car here to get my Air conditioner fixed.The only reason I brought it here was ,because it was close to my house!   They replaced a tube that ran about 400$ ,and they said that was what was wrong with my cars AC.  I  happily picked it  up the same day ...I even left work early. If you live in Las Vegas you know how dire it is to have a AC in your car. I drove about a mile back to my house ,and waited and waited for the air to work! It was still blowing hot air?? WTF!  I was furious. I called ,and they proceeded to tell me to bring my car back ,and they would look at it!  I was thinking  maybe they aren't scam artists, and they just made a mistake!  The second time I thought it was a good idea to bring a man along so I brought my boyfriend with me just to make sure I wasn't getting taken advantage of! We dropped my car off while they investigated the problem. About 3 hours later they called back. The woman on the phone told me it was my compressor ,and it would cost 1300 to fix. I was shocked and disgusted, and I told the woman I didn't want them to do the work. We picked up my car ,and my boyfriend asked "Why didn't you tell her about her compressor when you originally fixed the air" The woman answered" The compressor wasn't broken when we looked at it" . Keep in mind that I only drove about a mile home from their shop! How could I break a compressor in that amount of time?  The second I left their shop it didn't work.   Regardless I knew I must get my air fixed. Then someone recommended me to Angel's Auto Service . It was clear on the other end of town ,but I didn't care. I didn't want to get ripped off for a second time. Angel is the one that worked on my car! He called me and told me it was my compressor clutch that was the issue. He even test drove my car ,and made sure everything checked out. He charged me $260 , and he was very honest ,polite ,and professional.  I'm so happy I decided to walk away  with out the compressor from auto tech!  I still have my pride and a freezing cold car! :)
5	Took my classic car in for a vibration issue.  I had taken it to several other shops and they were not able to figure out what was wrong.  Tabitha found that the drive shaft was too short and the mechanic that had originally installed the overdrive transmission did not measure the length correctly.  Tabitha ordered a new drive shaft and problem solved.  I had been going to them for my other cars for smog as I am particular about who touches my classic.  After that experience I trust them to take care of any vehicle I own.  Tabitha is a pro.  I am retired military and have lived all over the county and have used many shops.  Auto tech beats everyone else hands down.
5	First oil change for my new car, saw this place on groupon and looked it up on yelp, had very good reviews. The front desk girls were really nice and made my wait go by faster with there chit chat about the crazy 37 mph winds
5	Came in first thing in the morning for an oil change and staff was genuine and professional. First time coming here and I got the unlimited oil change groupon for a year. Only paid $9.40 for the filter upcharge since my car had a "special" filter. Very happy with the staff, service, and knowledge of my mechanic! They explained things I may need to get changed in the future, since this was a used vehicle that I just purchased. Fast service, great people!
