3	Figured I'd need to try Byrd's(which has recently opened--I'm assuming it's linked to the one in Fitchburg), seeing how it's only a few blocks from home, so we went here tonight after hearing that the Friday Night Fish was good.The building is spacious, but we didn't get too good of a look, because we headed right upstairs to sit outside on the patio because it was a gorgeous night. Both my boyfriend and I thought that it was a nice spot, being nestled between the two sides of the building, ensuring that it wouldn't get too breezy.We decided to split dishes. I got the aforementioned fish, and he the bacon cheese curd burger(it is, after all a BAR...can you resist at least TRYING a burger???). The burger has bits of bacon and cheese curds right inside, with caramelized onions. We both thought it was decent, but the concept was better than the product. Nothing special, but not bad. I think the fish was on the same level. I'm such a fish snob, and I'm still searching for the perfect spot(send me a message, fellow yelpers, if you have a suggestion!). This isn't it. The fish was okay, paired with the average waffle  fries and not-so-great coleslaw, and a crusty(in a bad way) roll. The service was also not worth mentioning. Mediocre at best. I think they're still getting up and running, and working on getting things smoothed out.I will be back at least ONE more time, however. The salads looked decent, and they have FRIED PICKLES!!!
3	I don't usually review places that I've only been to once, but since this is a new place I'll make an exception to my little rule.Byrd's is average.  That's the best way to describe it.  The decor is pleasant but not that interesting; most new restaurants in the Madison area have the same prairie-style vibe to them.  There are TVs all over the place, which I suppose is to draw in the sports fans, but when I was there there for lunch on a Saturday there were only two or three other groups of diners.The food seems pretty good, but again, the menu is average.  They have a lot of burgers and your usual selection of sandwiches, pizzas, salads, and a few entrees.  Prices are average as well; the average at lunch is probably nine to ten dollars an entree.I ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich with home-made chips and it was as good as I could hope for.  The chips were crisp and fresh.  The buffalo sauce on the sandwich was not too spicy and the breading on the chicken was really nice.  It comes with bleu cheese dressing, but the kitchen apparently forgot that (cut them some slack, it's a new business) so it was sent out sans dressing.  I didn't notice right away and had to wait for our waitress to come back to check on us so I could notify her.  She took it back to the kitchen and then came out with the sandwich untouched and a little container of bleu cheese on the side.  Uh, why did you need to take my plate when you could have just brought out the bleu cheese?  I was working on those chips!  Anyway, it wasn't really a big deal and the waitress was appropriately apologetic without sounding insincere.I was a little disappointed that the sandwich came with bleu cheese dressing and not actual bleu cheese, but I've come to expect it since lots of places do it.My dining companions all enjoyed their food, although none of them thought it was spectacular.  I read another review that accused Byrd's of using pre-made frozen burger patties, but if my brother (who ordered a cheeseburger) noticed, he didn't say anything.I will probably be back if only to try the cheese curd burger.  However, I don't think this will ever become one of my favorite places to eat, given the large amount of similarly-styled competitors and the sheer averageness of this place.
2	Not a good weekend for dining out, I guess.... Stopped at Byrd's for drinks after work on Friday - here's our take on it.The place is confusing, and it would seem as though the staff is quite confused as well.  We walked in and stood at the bar for a few minutes - we weren't sure how to go about scoring an outdoor table, so we thought it best to ask.  Unfortunately, no one stopped to help us; the bartender stood on the opposite end of the bar, talking to folks.  Waitresses zipped past us without a word.  We went upstairs to check on things ourselves and it still wasn't clear if we could just grab a table.  So it was back downstairs where we flagged down a manager who told us we could seat ourselves.  Whew.Sat at a table outside for a bit before a waitress stopped by to see if we needed anything.  We asked about drink specials - she wasn't sure if there were any; perhaps tap beers were $1 off?  We ordered a few beers.  And waited.  And waited some more.  And then we switched tables (the shade looked more inviting).  And then our beers came out and the waitress was gone.  We flagged her down for the check and waited some more.  And then we left.  Disorganized for sure.  Drinks were reasonably priced, but that's about the only positive to share.  Unlikely that we'll go back.  :-(
3	I was there on Mardi Gras for trivia night and drinks.  Had a really fun time with some friends and ate a huge burger.  The bartender would not believe that I could consume the whole thing.  I special ordered so I could get the egg on there and then some onion crisps as well.  The fries are really good and the selection of beer had what I was looking for.I consumed all of that to the astonishment of the staff. (I am not a huge guy)The staff is really friendly and cool.  They all seem like people I would hang out with outside of the bar.  They came through with all the stuff I needed and made my burger just how I wanted it.Trivia night is interesting but it wasn't spectacular.  The trivia guy is sort of lame, but the questions are decent.  Our team ended up loosing horribly by gambling everything on the final question.. tragic!
3	I'm not sure about Byrd's as a whole, but there are parts of this restaurant that I really like.  For a nice summer spot to relax, have a few drinks, and eat some decent food, they are right on the money.  Here's a little rundown -The Good:  Large tables with umbrellas for some shade and a comfy outdoor atmosphere in a nice shopping area.  You really can't be in a bad mood sipping a drink when you're out in some nice weather on the rooftop.  The second waitress we had was extremely polite and had good conversation with us.  Their food, while standard deep-fried bar fare, was tasty.  I've been to a lot of outdoor seatings areas in Madison, but I would say that Byrd's is better than most and should be on the short-list.The Bad:  Our first waitress was easily the worst I've ever seen in my entire life.  I really hope it was her last day.  She came out and was immediately rude with a pissed off look on her face.  I asked for a lime margarita and she said "we don't do flavors" and I said OK then a standard margarita which is lime anyways.  She was also just being short with everyone.  When she came back, one of my bolder friends apologized and said she was sorry if we upset her to which the waitress responded "Well we have stairs.  I have to walk up and down them.  SO THATS WHY THERES A WAIT."  She eventually brought our food out as we watched plenty of other happy tables with other waitresses, and then while we were enjoying our drinks and food she asked us if we were leaving.  I said "uh, no, we were planning on staying a while to relax and have some more drinks (not to mention finish our food)".  She then demanded that we close our tabs and pay our check because she had to leave and didn't want to get stiffed.  We debated this with her for like 10 minutes until finally we just threw up our hands and did what she wanted (even after offering her straight cash in her pocket for a tip).  We then got a second waitress who opened a new tab and was very pleasant as mentioned above.So overall, 3 stars because of that horrible ordeal, otherwise Byrds is a great summer locale.
1	Had been meaning to check out for a while I decided to try Byrd's Pub & Grill in Middleton while waiting for my husband's flight to come in. I walked into the sports-bar environment and the place seemed reasonably busy, but not too crowded or noisy. There was no hostess seating so I found an open booth and sat down. The table was sopping wet. A waitress came buy reasonably quickly with a menu and I asked her for something to wipe down the table. She replied that it'd had just been cleaned. I responded that I just wanted something to dry it off. She said "Okay, but it's still going to be that sticky." Not an appetizing response. I left and won't be back.
1	CLOSED effective Monday, January 24, 2011.Sign on the door indicates they closed and that bankruptcy is pending.  The note makes some unusual reference to "not being like the Packers" and provides contact information for the attorney that will be "handling my most likely bankruptcy."I guess that's what happens when you combine mediocre food with lackluster and subpar service to what had to be an over-priced, super expensive location.
