5	Hibachi Grill and Buffet just opened up in Matthews about a few months ago. This is now our "go-to" buffet place.It has a huge variety of Chinese food and some american dishes. It also has a hibachi grill area where you can pick out fresh veggies and meats and have them cook it for you right there. Since I love Japanese food this is such a cheap way to have both Japanese and chinese food together.They also have your typical sushi rolls from buffets if you enjoy Chinese buffet sushi. They also have a good variety of fruits and desserts options and and you won't be disappointed by their ice cream. Its not the typical three flavor yogurt ice cream. I love their Teriyaki steak and my daughter loves their sesame chicken. She says its the best in town. :) The prices are very reasonable too. Its under $8 per person and thats very reasonable when considering their buffet selection. They also have one in the Kannapolis area.
4	This place is just shy of unbelievable.  I am almost certain it is the largest buffet (as in number of lines/tables) in the CLT.The venerable China King on Tyvola has held that distinction for a long time, but as most know, that is not in the best of areas.  The old Crazy Buffet - later C&E Buffet - on Albemarle Road was pretty good sized, but it has since closed.  The Hibachi will probably assume the crown, at least for a while.  Even the China Buffet in Salisbury probably can't beat this one.Each time we have been here, the place has been packed.  Early dinner, later dinner, even on a weeknight.  It's insane.  They sent out coupons, but most of those have expired (you can find some online if you search).  It's like the East Side has been craving a massive buffet and that pent-up desire is still exploding.There are several (4?  5?) full-length buffet lines, split in two, down the center of the building.  At the back of the room is a hibachi grill and a sushi station.  Tables are around the room, and there are two rooms to the back on each side, which may be able to be cordoned off for private events (I don't know this, just guessing).The line for the hibachi grill is always long, so I've only braved it once.  If you do, drop your food off and go get some other food, then come back and pick up your food - but make sure you know what you ordered or you may get in a fight with someone else.  Or just skip it and get other food.Quality of the buffet food is actually pretty good, but that could be because there are so many people here that the food gets refreshed frequently, rather than getting stale on the bars.  It will be interesting to see if traffic slows down and the quality suffers on the bar as a result.  For now, it's not bad, especially when you consider that it is a buffet - generally a bad thing.
4	This place had everything!  Definitely a place to take a large group with diverse food interests and affordable too.  Although they had plenty to choose from, I would say it was all good but nothing was great, but once again worth the money.  I will definitely go back, but will stick to my other favorites when wanting something specific.
3	It is a bit intimidating walking into this place.  I think this is the largest buffet I have been to in Charlotte (I guess the next comparable size in buffets reside in Vegas).I forgot what used to be in this shopping center - I think a Media Play... but the space that the Hibachi Grill and Buffet now resides at used to be a Goody's clothing store so it had a lot of space to work with.There are rows and rows of food... anything you can think of.  It's not all Asian inspired cuisine, there is pizza and chicken fingers for the kids.  There's even a sushi bar in the back - (quantity sushi rather than quality), but it's still sushi and pretty good for a buffet.  In the back there is a Mongolian grill setup where you can pick all your ingredients and the chef in the back stir fries it for you.Decent price for such a large buffet.  I'll definitely go again, just that I always feel like I never get my $$s worth since I don't like eating until I'm about to pop.
2	My grandmother took me to lunch here on Sunday saying that she liked the food because it was "fresh" and that not everything tasted the same.I have to disagree- unfortunately and say that it was just the opposite. 1.5 stars...When you walk in the place looks pretty fancy smanshy for a typical Chinese buffet style restaurant and I was psyched to see a sushi chef and hibachi chef. I'll admit the buffet was huge and at first glance looked good.I enjoyed the wontop soup, coconut macaroons and ...that's about it. I didn't realize the green onions were a part of the salad bar so I unfortunately didn't put those in my soup : (Most of the food was overly salted and not cooked crispy enough for my tasting. I did brave the sushi and actually didn't think the california rolls were too bad. I didnt end up trying the spicy tuna since I just couldn't get past it's appearance. I didn't get the hibachi since the line was a little too crazy for me- perhaps that's the way to go?Health-wise this place is not ideal. Probably not a good place for a dieter or someone who needs to watch salt/fat intake.On the bright side it was cheap. Wont be back...
4	Fantastic choice for the money. Great selection of food, fresh fruit and vegetables, and the hibachi grill is awesome. There's bar where you pick whatever you want in your dish (steak, chicken, or what I'm guessing is crab), vegetables, noodles, fried or white rice, put it all on a plate, and the hibachi chef will stir fry it all together for you. Fair warning, the chicken and steak are frozen, and not what you're going to find at Nakato or Kabuto, but cook up fairly well. I've never had to wait in line at the hibachi station, but I usually go at lunch. Wait staff is attentive without being annoying and the sushi is better than I expected. I'd highly recommend it!
2	Went with in the in-laws Sat. afternoon for lunch for my first time. This place was packed!!!! But huge so there was plenty of seating. We got shoved all the way in a back corner room, where we were the only ones speaking English (Mexican Spanish was king here). And it almost seemed like we interrupted a birthday party, I later found out that wasn't the fact. It was just a very loud, obnoxious room with little kids running around everywhere unsupervised. Start the meal off like that was and its bound to end up getting worse.The food was pretty gross, everything was over seasoned and salty. The "Chinese" food was a disgrace, I was surprised at the American food options. (Spiral ham, pizza, etc..) The buffet tables were so crowded with everyone going everywhere with no rhyme or reason....shoulder bumps were common. I don't know, just not my idea of a good meal.
3	Avoid this place on Saturdays! It's seriously crowded! I would skip the mediocre buffet food and go straight to the hibachi chef where you choose your own fixings. Chicken and beef are frozen or semi-frozen. Skip the small beef medallions and go for the peppered-steak instead. Shrimp and "crab" are available at night. Be patient with the chef, he'll ask you your choice of sauces when it's almost finished cooking. A lot of impatient people will drop their plate off, give their "sauce order", and go journey at the so-so buffet food, letting their food get overcooked and sometimes mistakenly sauced.  Not a big sushi fan, so I can't tell you anything about their sushi bar.  I wish they would get rid of the half-@$$ waitress staff and just let you get your own drink refills. Just have a couple of people bus the tables throughout the restaurant. The waitress staff is beyond terrible. They mostly park their butts in a booth, putting silverware and napkins together and chit-chatting. The only one I saw actually resemble waitressing looked highly exhausted, probably because she was the only one working. This particular one brought our drinks, bused our plates a couple of times and then another one brings us our check. I made sure the first waitress got the tip and not the other one who disappeared after settling the bill. They also seem to bring the check way too early when one is barely finished with their meal. After that, you have to flag them down for more refills or to get them to take dirty plates away. I have never seen a manager in this establishment and have been going there nearly every week for well over a year. Management needs to really be more "hands on" in the dining room and the hostesses need to be less snobby.Your pal,Walter
4	The hibachi part is great.  Need more hibachi cooks (grillers)at that station especially during weekend and evening.   Food on buffet is ok.  But 5 star on the hibachi part.  I would say invest more there than on buffet stations.
2	Definitely an overwhelming variety of dishes here. From Chinese to everything else. Food was ok, nothing great. I can't imagine eating here when it gets crowded. It was annoying to get around the buffet when I was there and it was just moderately busy. Everything tasted like it had way too much MSG. I felt a little dizzy after my meal and I didn't even overstuff myself like I normally would. I think I would rather go to a decent sit-down Chinese restaurant (like Wan-Fu) then mess with this place again. If you are a glutton for the All-You-Can-Eat Chinese Buffet than you may really enjoy this place. For me, it's a no go.
3	Ate at this mega buffet place for the first time this past weekend.  I'm not going to be one of those snooty critics, especially for the type of establishment it is.....a cheap all you can eat buffet!  Wasn't expecting to go into the place an be wowed.  That being said, the food was actually pretty good.  The coconut chicken was about my favorite thing on the buffet.If you are in the mood for a cheap, all-u-can-eat buffet, this place is pretty good.  (Especially if you're coming off a bender from the night before).
1	Boy, this place has plummeted!Food quality has taken a HUGE nosedive. Food on the grill is now overcooked. Rice and lo mein are hard as bricks. Buffet is still very mediocre but I will say they have great fried chicken. Flies are everywhere. I really think I would've preferred seeing fly strips hanging from the ceiling. There was even a fly on the 90.0 health rating sign (I'm sure it was chuckling).Service is still as sh*tty as sh*tty can be. This is my biggest nitpick about this place. Most of the waitresses still park their @$$es in a booth, putting together napkins and silverware and chatting away while a couple of the others (usually the newbies, I guess it's a hazing thing) work the tables. I still find it extremely rude that they bring the check before you're finished eating and having to watch the waitress eyeball the table every few minutes to see if I've paid the bill yet. I'd actually prefer to take it up the register myself but I've heard that they'll chase you down and demand that they have to take it up there themselves.I know I've said it before but these buffet places really need to go to full self-service. Get your own drink refills, silverware, etc. Hire a couple of bus people to go around to retrieve dirty plates.Your pal,Walter
2	Its a buffet. Everything is mediocre. Nothing spectacular. Good for large groups. Very big and lots to choose from.
3	Here on 5/10/12Have been here a couple of times before today. Has improved. The hibachi grill good value for the cost.  Not huge selection of chinese food. Good sushi rolls. Would come here again.
3	Most of the food was average for a buffet. However I really like the coconut Chicken. Green beans where a little hard. But for the price it's nice place to sit back with a book and a plate of food.
1	ZERO STARS!  I don't know why we punish ourselves by returning to this place after promising to never return. I guess deep down inside you hope that major changes may have occured but alas....I am beggin my fellow Yelpers to never, ever make the mistake of going to this sorry excuse for a restaurant unless you enjoy a dirty restaurant, cold food, old food, bugs galore (gnats, flies, and spiders oh my!..I'm sure I could find a roach if I looked hard enough), sh*tty management, snotty hostesses, the buffet-attendant drinking a drink at the buffet, and probably the worst & most unfriendliest waitresses you could possibly have, Take it from me. Go elsewhere. PLEASE. If I could afford to pay for billboard space in their parking lot, I would warn the world to stay away. Heck, I'd even pay you guys to put this up on ROTD just to help spread the word.Your pal,Walter
4	I saw Walters horrible review and had to write a differing opinion. I think he MUST be thinking of that scary place down near Eastway Dr, not this one in Matthews. I've been coming here over a year and it's NEVER been dirty, the food is overall quite good though some things were not to my taste, but that's any place you go. There's a huge selection all the time, the buffet is constantly being restocked, the sushi is beautifully fresh though not a huge selection, but at their prices I wouldn't expect a big selection. The staff has always been very polite to us but there is a language barrier with most of them. The hostess will sometimes have a cup at the entrance and the grill and sushi chefs do as well and I don't begrudge them that at all. You work in a hot, busy environment like that all the time with few breaks and see if you aren't thirsty. If you're expecting 5 star service and Michelin star rated food for $10 a plate all you can eat then you're quite honestly an idiot. For the price this is an excellent value and I'll be coming here often just like I have for the past year.
1	Horrific cheap buffet food, cheap in price, awful in quality and taste. Stay far, far away from this crap place.
3	Solid 3 stars. There was a lot of people, so food was fresh and hot. A little better than what I expected, based on the other reviews.
1	This is one of the worst places I've ever eaten before.My wife and I love asian food, and we wanted to try something out of our ordinary restaurants. Big mistake.The food was cold, underseasoned, bland, and poorly prepared. The chicken was tough, the "egg rolls" were burnt and had very old ingredients for filling. The shrimp smelled old and so we didn't risk eating it.The staff was extremely rude (lots of younger girls), and spent most of the time behind our table fighting, gossiping, and being very loud while rolling napkins. They also said many things (in English) about the customers in the restaurant that were very inappropriate for any environment.Would NOT visit again, EVER!
5	I have eaten at this Hibachi Grill and I have to say I left leaving stuffed and satisfied. The food selection is plentiful. Theres so many choices im always too full to get a hibachi plate or even make it to dessert. Affordable and worth the price of admission!
4	I don't like buffets. But as far as they go, I think this one is a winner, as evidenced by the crowd that is always there no matter what time of day you go. I think it's kind of funny they put a gym in right next door, so you can feel guilty about yourself before you go in. Who knows, maybe it's how the gym recruits new members. This restaurant has very friendly employees, but not all of them speak English. Most of the time you can grab someone who might understand, but it's not the case all of the time. They have an area that has a kind of cafeteria type space where you can fill up your plate with raw veggies and some sort of meat, then they fry it up hibachi style. This is really the only reason I go, because for $6.97 for a lunch buffet, I can get all of the hibachi I can eat. You can't really get to-go japanese for that cheap, so it's a win in my book. Set me up with a gallon of shrimp sauce and I am one happy girl. Oh and for you sushi takers, they have sushi. Take a glance at that lunch price again. That includes sushi...
5	This is by far my favorite place to go for a buffet.  The selection is quite large for the islands, sushi, and Hibachi.  There always seems to be the same 2 guys on the grill every time we go so they know what they are doing.  The location is large, but they pack the tables in.  There always seems to be a line even with the two rooms in the back for seating.  I recommend getting a booth if there is only 2 of you.  The tables are very close to accommodate 8 people and just pulled a little for 4 or less.  My recommendation for eating is make a trip to the Hibachi station first.  Drop your food off (pay attention to where it is at on the grill) and go get your sushi or other food, drop off at your table and go back to station to wait on the cooks.  He will point at your food and you order your sauce (I am a fan of Hibachi and Garlic) and he will plate it up for you.  Repeat as necessary.
1	84.5.  That's their health sanitation score!  Eater beware.  I used to love this place but they constantly have poor sanitation scores. I can't eat here anymore, for my own GI health.
4	this place has the largest and best buffet selection around...first thing I do when I go there is ask for a better seat/table if its available then go for the usual...round 1, beef and broccoli, fried rice, egg roll, piece of crab, fish, fried chicken, fried shrimp and hot and sour soup...round 2, lots of crayfish (2-3 plates) and sushi...end it off with orange slices, melon and jello...then I'm stuffed and say I don't want to see this food or place again for a month...next day I'm thinking about it again and am drawn like a moth to a fire...delicious food is delicious food and its damn healthy too...once I tried the grill, where the chef cooks up your ingredients, but I'm just not crazy about the sauces used...something is missing, its bland to my taste...a few tips if you go...go around lunch or dinner time...don't go off time early lunch/dinner...the food can be warm and not pipping hot...in other words semi-fresh...also, dinner is pricier so the dishes are a bit different...e.g. crabs, crayfish...the only reason I don't give this place a 5 rating is cause they need to do some serious daily carpet cleaning or a monthly shampooing...why, cause some of the waitresses/waiters wipe the tables clean and where do you think the food debris ends up...bingo, on the carpet...most of the times its swept up but whatever the food flavor was is absorbed by the carpet...all in all the place is great...the food is clean...never been sick yet...unlike some places where you know its the food that made you feel the way you do...hungry yet, pick up your date and head on over...not many are disappointed afterwards...
1	Huge selection and pretty cheap. I just don't like to pay to get sick five minutes after eating. If you're brave give it a try. Not everyone will feel the same. But I won't be going here by choice again.
1	Lots to choose from but just almost no taste to anything. Way too many screaming kids whose parents do nothing to try and quiet them at all. The steaks are chewy.
3	This is a solid Chinese buffet - with some sushi and hibachi. I can see why people go here - and you will get plenty to eat. I found nothing to complain about. However, the Ichiban on Albemarle Road in Charlotte is similar - and just a little better. Go there.
1	Nope, sorry, this place needs a lesson in customer service.  The hostess was texting on her phone constantly, she dropped our reciept on the floor as she walked away and the place wasn't even busy.  Way too many people sucking on chicken wings and crab legs in one place.  The seats are ripped, the walls are stained, there are signs posted everywhere telling you to keep your kids near you, very unprofessional and really takes away the vibe if you're not there with kids.  The food was decent, we'd probably come back when we feel like raising our cholesterol, but they could have done a better job here...
4	I used to dine in but now mostly run in during lunch time and grab a to-go box.  The selection is always fresh.  On several occasions, the food handlers have cooked me a special batch of whatever I asked for that was either low or almost finished.  (Just last week the food handler had the cook make me 6 fresh sesame balls since it was close to dinner time, there were only 2 left in the serving dish, and they don't typically offer them to the dinner crowd.) One of my favorite lunch stops during the week.
5	Went on a Sunday night.  The place was packed and people were everywhere.  Server was courteous and attentive.  Lots of food choices, all delicious and would definitely recommend.  There were little kids everywhere and some running that got me really annoyed.  There's a reason they post signs on the walls telling parents to watch their kids.  If you can't keep your eyes on children, please don't take them iut to eat.  This is why and how accidents happen as I almost walked into a kid running with his plate of food.  Anyways, sushi was good and only thing I was sad about was not getting to try everything I wanted as I had already gotten full.  Would definitely visit again.
3	This place was ok. I probably won't go back and I don't recommend it. The food was missing some flavor and as a vegetarian they didn't have many options for me. But I guess they did for anyone else. Also it kinda upset me that they mixed the egg rolls with the spring rolls. The seating was bad too they say us in the back room and it's just awful for anyone who's claustrophobic. There's way too many tables in there and they're too close together. They pretty much stuffed everyone back there even though there was plenty of room up front. The service was pretty good though and as full as the place was I never saw them run out of food as soon as it was getting a bit low a new tray would come out.
