2	I wish I could have given more stars, but I'm going to have to agree with Alissa.  Service was pretty bad, but my rainbow trout was very good and nicely cooked.I think this happens in every Cracker Barrel, but it feels like you get herded in and out... and then made to look at all this stuff that tends to collect dust once the novelty of it wears off.  It may just have been a Saturday evening, but the cashiers were in no rush to move the line to pay... we pretty much just waited there for a single cashier (even though there were 2 available) to ring everyone up.  Ploy to impulse buy at the register?  Maybe so.....but it did not work on me... just got me super annoyed with lack of service.
2	went here for my first time last week and i expected more because the parking lot is always packed. the waitress and staff overall were nice but the food was just OK. the biscuits were dry, gravy flavorless. the ham was a little salty and my bacon was hard. the chairs/high chairs were sticky...they do give a lot of food though and their gift shop is amazing. I've never seen so much stuff in one place. lol
3	Our waitress Debra was very sweet and chatty in an appropriate way after assessing we were interested in conversation. The food and cleanliness were typical Cracker Barrel, reliable and safe.
5	I LOVE IT... This place is one of my Up Early, Rise and Shine breakfast spots.Try The Cracker Barrel Country Boy Breakfast---- Your choice of Country Ham, Pork Chops or Steak* grilled to order, Three Eggs* cooked to order served with Fried Apples, Hashbrown Casserole, Grits, Sawmill Gravy and Homemade Buttermilk Biscuits along with real Butter and the best Preserves, Jam n' Apple Butter availablehere is where it begins... AFTER I ORDER COFFEE.I ask for a BLOODY & RUNNY...Steak = MediumEggs = Over easyIts kinda too many food plates if you have a party of 3 or 4. One plate for buscuitsOne plate for Sawmill Gravy (come in small bowl, that comes on saucer)One plate for Grits (come in small bowl, that comes on saucer)One plate for Hashbrown Casserole (come in small bowl, that comes on saucer)One plate for Fried Apples (come in small bowl, that comes on saucer)Thats a total of 8 dishes. not to mention what you actually orderNOT A BIG PROBLEM/ISSUE.. but, when your ready to get down you don't wanna spend 5 mins moving a bunch of plates, saucers, bowls, etc all over the place. (I know they are getting their monies worth from the dishwasher)
3	A great breakfast spot, Cracker Barrel is one of the most consistent brands I have ever encountered. On this particular morning, I went with their new "special", a whole grain and granola pancake breakfast which also came with two eggs and a meat. Good Lord, that's a lot of food. I ate the two eggs (cooked perfect 'over medium' as ordered), a bite of the bacon (salty as usual) and barely half of the pancakes. I was stuffed.Service was good. The waitress refilled my coffee and my friend's unsweet tea often. No hassle that we were waiting on two others who failed to arrive.A slight bump at the register, but these things happen. Something about a check that wasn't closed properly meant that the clerk couldn't take a payment until it was solved. That took a few minutes to get the manager up front to override.
1	The food at this restaurant was okay and the service was great but their parking lot surveillance needs to be improved.  When we returned to our car in the parking lot about an hour after we entered the restaurant (in day light), we found that a car window was broken and our luggage was stolen.  The sheriff indicated that this was a common occurrence at this site. He was there enough to know that our parking spot was not covered by security equipment.  The manager just shook his head as if to say "yes" when he saw that we had out of state license plates on our rental car.
1	We (my fiance and I) usually love Cracker Barrel for its cheap pricing for a lot of home cooked kind of meals. However the one on Carowinds Boulevard has terrible service and dry, tasteless food! We waited 15 minutes to even see our waitress and then she disappeared until our food came out to the table. Then we asked for a refill on the refillable sweet tea and we only got one after asking 3 times for it. She didn't delay on giving us our bill first, though. We felt rushed out after not feeling like we existed to the waitress. It was the first time we ever tipped below 15%...with a 0. The food we received was dry, the dumplings were undercooked (still tasted doughy), and we were rather thirsty from the lack of a refill (we were at Carowinds all day so we were rather thirsty from the heat/sun). I would rather feel starved and wait to eat until we get closer to home next time. The only highlight for me was the peppermint sticks that can be bought in the country store.
4	Breakfast was dull. They overcooked my steak so it was very dry and tough. The hash browns were great but the best time to come is DINNER. I had the Chicken and Dumplin' and boy was that delicious! Great biscuits and gravy and Marconi and cheese! Yummy.
4	I am one of the commoners on Yelp who actually does enjoy some chain restaurants.  I do support local businesses, however sometimes I just need a biscuit, some country fried steak and a Yankee Candle - so the Crack works for me.This Cracker Barrel, located just off of 77, across from Carowinds, has been a go-to for several years, as my love handles can attest to.  The wait staff is generally friendly and attentive, I usually get there around 11:45 for lunch, so there is rarely a wait to be seated, although towards the end of my lunch, folks are usually starting to line up.  It's usually busy during lunch time, but not in a crazy way.  But if you do have to wait, I love the rocking chairs out front on the "porch".  Parking is plentiful and they also have spaces for RV's.My typical order is the country fried steak with the gravy on the side, corn, green beans and hashbrown casserole, and biscuits (the corn muffins are fine, but I always end up choking unless I drown them in butter).   CB has also added sweet potatoes and other "healthier" side items to their menu so it isn't ALL just grease and butter.  (mmmmm butter).  Salads, pot roast, chicken and dumplings, greens, baked chicken, fish... you can find just about anything you want here and many things you don't need.The general store out front always has some interesting things for home or to wear, they usually have a good rack of sale items as well - yesterday I picked up a pair of UNC lounge pants for my dad that were 25% off - yay!  With every kind of candy you can imagine, if you are wanting to get the diabeetus, this is the place for you.  The bathroom is usually cleanish and checking out is easy enough.
3	The AC is cranked up WAY too high.  It's freezing in this place year round.  Some of the food items are very good, the rest are ok.  Service is average.
1	No!! We have eaten here close to ten times in the past three years and no more. Slowest Cracker Barrel ever!
4	The Country Chef Salad is my favorite!!Staff was friendly and fast, and we were sent on our way with to-go drinks - great for our road-tripping!
1	This is the worst Cracker Barrel I have ever visited.  We were a party of four close to 7:00 pm for dinner.They were not busy at all, yet it took forever to have our drink orders taken.  Refills were not given until all four of us were completely empty and we had to ask.  They "ran out of gravy" and told me after they put my food on the table with the equivalent of an eye dropper full of gravy on my mashed potatoes and gravy and country fried steak and gravy.  Those menu items are not quite the same without the gravy.  Some of the sides arrived at our table late and cold.  I guess they wanted us to eat our meal in shifts.When I spoke to the manager, he gave us free drinks and half off of one of our four meals as compensation for my trouble.  That was the absolute least he could do and still say he did something.My family and I visit this area regularly and will be returning in a few weeks.  As convenient as this restaurant is to our usual hotel, we'll drive a few miles down the road to eat someplace better.Avoid this place at all costs....I know I will.    Pros:  Good location, convenient.Cons:  Very slow, terrible customer service (could use some more training in this area,
4	Ambience?You can hear the screams from the roller coasters across the street.Location?In front of Carrowinds Amusement Park.Food?Dude, it's Cracker Barrel.
1	This is probably the worst Cracker Barrel I have ever visited. Apparently they did not schedule properly for a Good Friday crowd. We waited about 10 minutes to even put our name on the waiting list because the hostess couldn't figure out how to take names and call names at the same time. Then we were seated and had to enjoy our brunch next to a filthy table because they did not schedule bus boys for today and it sat empty with plates and food thrown everywhere the entire time we ate!  Really?!  Get with it Cracker Barrel!
1	Absolutely the worst Cracker Barrel experience! What happened to this place? Went for a late lunch yesterday, it was terrible. Portions were extremely small, My first order was sold out , so I went with my favorite chicken and dumplings. Chicken was over cooked rubber, dumplings were dry. and thrown on the plate . Cheese grits were inedible grease. I know it's Cracker Barrel and not a 5 star restaurant , but at least have some pride in what you are serving. Won't be coming back.
4	Yet again another cracker barrel. they are great for a good southern cooked meal
3	I went to this Cracker Barrel on a Thursday evening. The staff was very friendly. We were seated quickly.   The breakfast meal with Pancakes, bacon, and eggs arrived about 5 mins after being ordered.  The food was OK. A Waffle House plate of similar build is more appealing than what I was served. The friendly attitude of the staff here balanced the outing a bit. I was asked by at least 4 different individuals if everything was to my satisfaction.  I also enjoyed the nostalgia of the old candies and snacks from the 80's and 90's. Overall is was a very middle of the road experience. Good service. OK food. Pretty good price point.
3	The food was just ok, basic chain fare. That being said, our server, Michael was excellent. We were seated immediately and the food came out quickly. Some of the other reviews had me worried about the cleanliness of the place but we found it to be quite clean, one of the cleanest Cracker Barrels we have been to.
4	I like it. Never had a bad experience here. The food is not mind blowing but the service makes up for that.
3	I'd give It a Most Improved Rating for ServiceMy wife and late Sister-in-Law loved this place for brunch after Church on Sunday.I hated it because of the Service, Food was always good but service was exceptionally slow to where it was painful just to go.Finally relented and went back last Sunday for Brunch.  It was crowded as usual but the appear to have learned how to better manage the crowd.  When I walked in and looked at the crowd, I expected at least half and hour wait.  We were seated in just over 15 minutes and our server was right there to give us menus and take our orders.  I had the Steak and Eggs and they came our perfect in a very reasonable amount of time.Too early to give them an approval rating because this could have been a aberation but if they continue like this time, they are well on the their way to getting just that.
5	We go to Cracker Barrel several times a month. It's always excellent quality food and service. I highly recommend for any meal.
5	Love this place! Always great food, service is spot on and no matter how busy they are you always feel welcome.
3	Food was delicious as always but the bathrooms were horrible! Definitely needs some attention
3	Hit or miss on the service. The food is the same as all other locations in the chain. Store area that your forced to wait in while waiting for a table had stalkers for sales people. I considered waiting outside to get away but it's December and cold. Will try them again when it's warmer.
3	The kids have been begging for Cracker Barrel pancakes so I took one for the team and we went back for the first time since my other review. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised. We were seated right away and our waitress actually knew a little about her job. They actually had the items we ordered (wow!!) and the food came out in a completely reasonable amount of time. One huge bonus is that it looks like the actually dusted the picture frames and knick knacks. No spook house worthy cobwebs. There were minor glitches. The waitress delivered no plates or jelly with the biscuits, she deserted us a bit after the food came out but another waitress who was awesome came to our rescue. The cashier when we paid was a huge grouch. Huge. But that interaction was brief, so no biggie. Maybe they have a new management team. This location seems to be inching towards decent.
