3	This place has a lot of cool stuff. From military surplus to work wear. The only thing I would recommend this place is to offer frequent customers some discounts.The downside: NO REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES
5	Great deals, just ask. His name isn't Mad Man for nothing!UPDATE 9/15/2013: Mad Man Army Surplus has moved to 3300 Rancho, near the corner of Cheyenne.  New stuff, same Mad Man. Seems easier to find merchandise now.
2	Store is extremely disorganized, the lady working the register does not know much about the items they are selling. I asked if they carry magazines and she said they did not. Lo and behold I found some real GI issued ammo pouches with 3 standard magazines. $30 for a used pouch and 3 magazines that may or may not have the springs, follower, lip inspected is overpriced. Obviously I didn't buy it, it didnt even have alice clips!Beware of overpriced knockoff products that are airsoft/paintball quality (Condor). I bought a bag to use for hiking and so far the zippers are starting to fall apart. Something these guys can improve on is to ensure the items in the store are properly labeled with manufacturer tags as some items are missing brand/price tags....making it time consuming to find the real stuff.
5	A lot of cool stuff. I came by to donate old uniforms and the owner gave me a new pair of boots in exchange.
2	I called the store and got a recorded message that they were open until 6 pm. I hop in my car and take the 20 minute drive to get there and the place is shuttered. There is a hand written sign on the shutters that says that the store was closed yesterday and today. Business Tip: If you are truly concerned about your customers, change the fricking recorded message and save people the aggravation of seeing your business closed after they have made the effort to come and buy something from you.
1	Horrible. This guys prices are unreal. The place looks like the D.O.D. Threw up.
2	Disappointing, but yet interesting. This is a small Army Surplus place that must have picked up the only remaining box of surplus they could find. When you step inside this packed to the rafters former C-store you'll find military jackets, a few shirts, patches, and a bunch of non-military shoes and boots. Their footwear selection takes up 1/3 of the store. He did carry giant duffel bags and messenger bags. But if you're looking for true military surplus, you're going to be underwhelmed by this place. The owner seemed to be more concerned with preventing shoplifting than being helpful. I spent about 10 min here, covered the whole store and left thinking it's just not all that. He does carry some cheap Chinese scooters and motorcycles though but I wouldn't buy one of those from him when there are other better alternatives at similar price points with service after the sale available. Getting out of here is not easy if you want to get back on Sahara, the wait can be a little long. If I was passing by and had a few minutes to look through it again I would. But I would certainly not go out of my way to come here.
1	The place looked like  a  junkyard, way too over priced and the people that works there gave me the Creeps.
1	overpriced. the owner tried to tell me that a $15 m65 liner was $30! if he told me $20 i would have just though "ok, not bad" but i thought it was strange that there wasnt any price tag on it. i think he just threw out a number to see if id bite.
4	Not for the sensitive people. Store is a mess and the owner is VERY MAD. Don't mess up his stuff. But he means well, so just don't take his lewd comments personally. :)You will find anything and everything you could ever imagine that is in any way related to the military.  VERY INTERESTING FINDS. I highly recommend taking a visit to this place. It's definitely an experience!
2	After reading the comments, I wonder no more as to why this place is going out of business. I went in a month ago and got a good deal on a couple pair of BDU trousers = Buy 1, get 50% off on the 2nd. The owner told me he was closing in June.
4	I recommend this store if you're wanting quality long-lasting technical apparel (like Tru-Spec shorts and pants). Yes the store is packed with all kinds of stuff, but you'll find everything from urban messenger bags to gas masks! This isn't a casual visit type of store. Be prepared to have a conversation with an interesting human being who appreciated politeness and manners and will return them in kind. Prosper has a big heart and tells it like it is. That's one of the reasons I return, he makes it fun and interesting. He's given me 10% off my purchases several times, saving me $30 and more (he didn't have to do that). And upon hearing I have a brain damaged brother, he said "What size is your brother?" then grabbed two Dickie t-shirts off the rack and said "Take these to your brother, no charge."  What other store would ever do that?  I'm not in the military, I go to Mad Man Army for desert camping and outdoor gear & apparel that will last... and for Prosper.
1	Cool Army truck out in the front of store. Closed shutters on the building keeps you from seeing what is inside. No way to tell if they are open or not. No hours posted on the door. No knowledgeably friendly sales person ever approached me as I studied the gas masks. for over 10 minutes Prices seem high when you can find them. I admit that I went in shortly after the store opened. Maybe they have it together now?Tactical Craig
5	First off the new location is further from where I live but well worth it. I've been going here for years to buy my boots. I bit expensive but you get what you pay for. Prosper is the owner and is a great guy just got to understand his personality.  That's why it's called Madman.
