5	Last year my sweety bought me a spa day for xmas from this salon.  I went for the treatment which included a facial, a body wrap, massage and mani pedi..  The services were great and I became a fan of this place immediately.  After checking on what other services they provide, I came across the lash extention option.  I have done this in the past with others service providers and was suprised to see that they offer the service at 150$ for initial visit then 50$ for upkeep appointments, (I had always been charged 250$ and 100$), so I took the chance and got the lashes.  Nancy is the lash girl, and she is absolutely adorable, reliable, super accomadating and available, and she does a very good job.  I highly recommend this place for this service, it is less expensive and she does a good job, I have also used their services for a mise en plis, and have been quite happy.Another plus for this place is that they have these VIP evenings for their clients every now and again, to have an information session (the event usually has some food and wine and prizes and gifts), which is a really nice way to show their clients they care.This is a salon/school, and you can choose the person pro or student, which can mean saving some money.  The salon is very bright and clean, and in a great easy access location on Prince Arthur.  If you or anyone you know is looking for some TLC spa services, at an affordable price, this should be your first stop.
1	WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE. EVEN WORST WAXING.So I came here to wax my legs. The receptionist on the phone told me that price for full legs was 15$. So that is the only reason why I came here. I went inside, and there was a french girl in the reception. She was also the aesthetician. They had this terrible elevator music playing all the time and she was literally singing it the whole time. Pretty annoying. She gave me these papers to fill in and when I finished and I went back to giving them back to her she was not there. She was the only person working in the whole place. I had to wait for approximately 15 minutes for her to come back. Then we went into the room and started waxing my legs, singing the WHOLE TIME. It was really getting on my nervs. Then she made a couple of comments about my legs that I found pretty offensive, but I didn't say anything because I figured english was not her first language and probably she meant something else. She took literally 45 minutes to wax my legs, and then she told me that the price was 30$. I told her that the girl on the phone told me it was 15$. I also told her to wax my upper lip (which the girl on the pgone said it was 10$) and she said it was 12$. They are extremely unorganized and don't know shit about their services. But the worst part came here, when I asked her if she could wax the hair in between my eyebrows and she put the biggest amount of wax i have ever seen and waxed half of my left eyebrow off. PLEASE DO NOT COME HERE FOR WAX SERVICES. Then I complaint and she was clueless. Dumbest person I have ever had to talk to. I asked for a complaint form and she literally gave me a notebook sheet. I explained to her what a complaint form was and she had no clue. I called her boss on the phone and she was rude and unprofessional. I am going back there today to get a refund. Please, stay away of this place and just spend a couple more bucks and go to a better salon.
