3	Coming soon...April 1JB PastramiJoey Cheeseburger SpecialMe Steak and Shrimp special (not on menu)Buffalo wings appetizerSlow/inattentive service.
1	Do not come here after midnight.  Just like Cinderella's gown changing to rags at the stroke of midnight, this place goes through a similar metamorphosis.We tried the breakfast here and that was okay.  Nothing good.  Nothing bad.Then we tried this place later that night after too many pitchers of beer at their bowling alley (which is AWESOME) and a whole different story.http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rock-lanes-las-vegas#hrid:eh2dzpEeZT-H8F_F373LYgFirst, there's a line of people waiting to be seated in this empty restaurant while the staff is walking around aimlessly.  After waiting half an hour to be seated, you can see the same staff people still walking around aimlessly.  Food is decent once you get it.  But just try getting the check.  I'd have asked one of the wandering staff people but was afraid of the zombie look in their eyes.Be afraid of this place.  If you stay too long, you may become one of staff folks walking around.run yelp, run.
2	Eck!  That's one word to describe this place.  At 11am (check out time), there was about a 30 minute wait.  Our waitress was apparently too good to bring water because she only brought the drinks other than water.  For my family who was majorly hung-over and in desperate need of hydration...this was not a good thing.  When she did bring our drinks, she didn't bother to take our order.  Another 5-10 minutes pass and she finally takes our order.  The water came via bus-lady about 5 minutes after that.The food took forever too.  I didn't time it, but it had to be at least 20 minutes.  My mushroom, spinach, Swiss cheese (on top instead of inside), and I added ham, omelet......was mostly egg and spinach....I barely saw/tasted any mushrooms or ham.  For $9, this plate was served with hash browns and choice of bread.  The apple juice was SO sweet I had to add half my water to it.  The menu is a wide variety of breakfast items, sandwiches, dinner entrees and even Asian Cuisine.  My cousin got the Emperor's Won-Ton Soup which was full of won-tons, bbq pork, veggies, shrimp........and bland flavor.  Remember, you are in Vegas, not SG. The waitress did come back to check on us a couple times, but it was already too late to win more stars from me since the food took too long.  Breakfast for 4 cost about $50...not too bad considering you're in a casino.  But the low prices reflect the poor service and poor food.  Don't eat here unless you have no choice.  I'm not giving them 1 star because I can imagine worse things happening at a restaurant.  I'll save my 1 stars for them.
2	I'm in search of a new 24 casino cafe with a good steak and eggs special. I started here, at the Grand Cafe in the Red Rock Hotel, because it is near my house.Unfortunately, the steak and eggs here is a whopping 12.99, which puts it way out of the range of being affordable on an artist's budget. Fail.The dessert bar here, however, looks really appealing.
2	I'm a meh here too - right now they've got a 3 course special starting at 9.99, so that was nice but the food was on the meh side.  My lemon grilled chicken portion was huge (a whole half smallish chicken), and the mashed potatoes are pure cream.  Service was friendly but really slow.  I'm not sure if I'd come back here if we were at Red Rock again.
2	We came here after watching Steve Wyrick's Magic Show on the advice of my mother who plays poker here. At 11 pm - the food was mediocre. My turkey club sandwich had processed luncheon meat. Big no-no!I choose from the $9.99 + menu:Caesar's Salad - goodClub Sandwich & fries - huge but disappointingChocolate Cake - my slice was literally gone in 3 slices of my forkThe rest of my party had NY steaks which they complained were chewy and rather rare inside. (yet they ate them!)Best thing about this place was the fries and my bubbly waitress. First thing she says is "your water is city water, it's thick and hard... it ain't good!"
2	The Red Rock is a nice casino but honestly I expencted better from this restaurant.It was decent especially for the pirce ($9.99 3 course meals) but i think i would have rather spent my $10 elsewhere.Nothing fancy about it. I ordered the philly cheeseteak and the gf went for the prime rib end cut.The cheesesteak wasnt anything crazy. just the same ol run of the mill cheesesteak. The meat was quite tender though.The prime rib was pretty good as well  esp. for $15. The place isn't bad but nothing special at the same time.Great service from the server to the bus boy though.I kinda wish i went to a different more intersting spot to eat next time.
5	As I was driving to Red Rock, I was thinking of the hierarchy of rocks in our society.  Pet Rock, Third Rock From The Sun, Rock 'n' Roll, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, 30 Rock . . .  Where would Red Rock rank?  Would it, pardon the pun, rock my world?Grand Cafe at Red Rock is everything one could want in a Vegas cafe and a lot more.  We came here last Monday around 8:30 am and were seated right away.  The hostess was very friendly, and she managed to strike up a conversation with while showing us to our spacious booth.  We walked by the pastry counter, which, as you might imagine, was NOT easy to do.  Tantalizing chocolate covered strawberries, delicious sticky buns and cavity-causing candied apples taunted us as we pretended not to notice the sweets.As soon as we sat down, our waitress brought an iced tea for my friend and a stainless steel carafe of hot coffee for me.  Score!  The coffee was delicious, by the way.  Unlimited, readily available coffee and a steady supply of Splenda make Yan a happy boy.I ordered a ham platter (ham steak, 2 scrambled eggs, hash browns and wheat toast) for $8.99.  We also decided to split a short stack of pancakes, which, in retrospect, was a fantastic idea.  The two pancakes they brought us were doughy, fluffy, delicious and very, very filling.  One a person was plenty.  The ham steak was almost as big as the pancakes, and almost just as good.  My scrambled eggs were made perfectly as well.  There was nothing wrong with that breakfast, let me tell ya.  I have to mention the decor.  The whole restaurant, much like the casino itself, featured a modern, abstract motif.  Lines, squares, soothing colors and "weird for the sake of weird" paintings somehow made me feel at peace.  I also LOVED the plates they used.  Ornate yet simple, they reminded me of the plates my mom used to use when I was a little kid.  I got a sudden urge to clear the table after dinner, but I figured they had people for that.If you're staying at the Red Rock, I strongly recommend having breakfast at Grand Cafe.  It's convenient, inexpensive and homey.
1	This place just keeps getting worse and worse.  Get there after 5 pm and expect a half an hour wait to get a table while the restaurant is HALF EMPTY.   The food is okay, but the service is absolutely terrible.  It will take you another hour and a half to eat because of the delays from the service staff and kitchen.  Don't be fooled by the $9.99 three course meal deal signs that show crab legs. The best you can do for $9.99 is spaghetti and meatballs.  The small portion of prime rib will cost you about $15.They aren't offering any cheap Vegas specials, like you would expect from a casino - so I don't see why they can't seat and serve people in a reasonable amount of time.  You are better off going to the chain restaurants across the street for better food and better service for about the same price.
3	A pretty darn decent place for a casino cafe!  Good service and halfway decent food.  The only complaint I can think of is that it was REALLY hot in there.  We asked if there was a problem with the AC and didn't really get an answer but it was stifling.
4	Stopped here for lunch after a visit to  Red Rock Canyon. The menu offered a wide selection, and I chose shrimp cocktail and a Tuscan chicken salad. Everything was delicious. Red Rock Casino is off the strip and on this weekday it was very quiet and I was able to relax after my desert experience.  I would definitely stop there again to catch a bite :)
1	Our first night at the Red Rock we decided to eat a late dinner at the Grand Cafe. I wasn't expecting it to be anything too special since it is a 24-hour spot but man.....it was one of the worst dining experiences ever. It had NOTHING to do with the food which was overall decent but we had one of the worst servers in the world. I don't even know where to begin...1. The wait was a little longer than I would have expected after 10pm.2. When we were sat our server did not arrive for at least 15 minutes. All she could've done was stop by the table and say something like "be with you gals in a minute" aka table-touch.3. When she finally arrived she had a tray with water and just took our orders. There was no intro or "Hi, my name is...". She almost looked "irritated" with us.4. As we were placing our ordera my sister asked if she should order dessert now or if we were to do it later [since we ordered a pre-fixe-esque 3 course meal] and the server's response was "you can either get the cheesecake or chocolate cake!". Uhhhh that's not what we wanted to know.....we CAN read lady....5. Our quesadilla and salad arrived shortly yet the 2 glasses of chardonnay we ordered had not arrived. When our server finally came around I was about to ask where our wines were but before I could say anything she said, "WE DON'T HAVE SALSA". I looked at her calmly and said, "That's not what we wanted..we just want to know where our wine is." She then walks away and puts in our drink order. There was no apology or "I'll get that right away" from her. Thanks lady we've been waiting 15 minutes....6. Our food took an eternity to arrive [~30 minutes] and when it had arrived my order was wrong. I told my sister to go ahead and eat up since she was hungry and I calmly waited for our server to come around so I could fix my order. 15 minutes passed and my sister was practically finished with her meal. I spotted my server and went up to let her know my order was wrong. When I walked up to her she just looked at me from the corners of her eyes and I told her, "there was mayo on my sandwich". She said she'd get me another.7. You figure that if an order comes out wrong you would make it on the fly and get it out immediately. This was not the case. I waited an additional 15-20 minutes for my club sandwich and when it arrived she just set it in front of me and walked away. She immediately turned around and asked for our ketchup and I said, "No. I'm using it".8. By this time I wasn't hungry and ate 1/4 of my sandwich and a few fries. I figured we should place our dessert orders now so we wouldn't have to wait 4 more hours for that to come out. Our server came by and we told her what we wanted. We also told her we wanted boxes for leftovers. 9. Another 15-20 minutes pass and we see her walking back and forth but there was no sign of our desserts or boxes. My sister who was PISSED the entire meal [and whom I tried to stop from complaining] lost it and went to look for a manager. After a brief explanation of our dining experience the manager brought out our cakes and boxes in under 5 minutes. He apologized and gave us a discount which was unnecessary but appreciated. He was incredibly nice and accommodating. 10. We just wanted to get out of there so we grabbed our leftovers and went to pay. While we walked up to the cashier our server stopped us and asked, "how things were" and then was like "OH! I forgot to order your cakes" and on top of that she looked at us like we were going to dine-n-dash. I ignored her the entire time and just said, "everything was fine" and walked away.11. We left irritated and wasted so much time there. What a shitty way to start our trip. By the way we still tipped her which she did not deserve in any way. I should have just handed it to the busser who was working a lot harder than she was.We've eaten at the other establishments in the hotel and received FANTASTIC service. We will probably visit the hotel again but if we ever come back to the Grand Cafe we will specifically ask to NOT be sat in that servers section.
1	I expected better, I don't know why, I just did. The Grand Cafes at other Station casinos are tons better than the one at the Red Rock.I had breakfast with my mom after we dropped my dad at the doctors.To start off, they burnt our toast. I overheard our waiter even blatantly say, "It's not the best toast I've made, but it's warm," and all I can think in my head is, "If it's not "best" for you, what makes it good for the customer?".After our toast, we received our main meal and everything tasted extremely salty. I wouldn't recommend coming here again. Also to note, refills on drinks are not free; but that was our mistake for not checking.The food here is not worth the price.
3	Saturday night, around 630, it was pretty busy but we were seated towards the back and didn't have to wait which was good my sister had somewhere to be after.We ended up here after not wanting to wait an hr and a half for pf changs or bjs and took an easier(quicker) optionMaybe the 3rd time ive been here? I still remember their gigantic bigger-than-the-plate hamsteak. But today i had a sore throat and chose the half sandwich and soup. Plain turkey on white... very uninspired i know its just a deli sandwich but any kind of house sauce or, anything would have been nice. But at least the turkey was piled up, the lettuce wasnt wilted and the tomato was fresh cut (it seemed) no fries so i dont know why they still plate it on a large... maybe put the soup bowl on there too or something, looked bad is allI didnt expect a great chicken noodle soup since its just a cafe, but the damn thing wasnt even hot, very disappointing. Didnt send it back just ate it first and had to rely on the hot tea to sooth my throat.Fried zucchini for appetizers were above par, not overcooked or soggy, and had some cheese cooked in which was a nice touch.Menu was basic cafe, not as long as the rampart cafe, but enough to please our party from my soup/sandwich, to my sisters ny steak, dads meatloaf, moms chicken and girlfriends omelet.Dad also liked that they had a Gordon Beirsch marzen available from the bar.7-12 per plate, excusing the 18$ ny steak so the bill was only slightly higher than expected, 4$ beer, free water, no breadOverall its acceptable for an easy quick meal while at red rock, but only if everything else is closed, youre on a budget, or dont like the food court. Given a choice though i prefer the Rampart Cafe, buffets are another story :P
2	Don't go for breakfast, the buffet is much better . . . and I don't even like buffets!!We used to have breakfast here every morning we stayed at the Red Rock. Of the three times I ordered the fresh fruit plate, twice I received moldy grapes (on different trips, at least a few months apart). Also, by the time I would get fresh fruit, eggs, and coffee, it came out to be a very expensive breakfast. Then we tried the buffet at Red Rock. Now, I'm not one for buffets, however for breakfast this one can't be beat. For less than my fresh fruit & egg breakfast at the Grand Cafe, I was able to get all of the same stuff, plus smoked salmon and a few other extras. In summary, skip the Grand Cafe if you're looking for a good breakfast.
3	Cafe is open 24hrs and the food is better then fast food. Some menu items are a little pricey for the quality. If your hungry and close by its a decent standby place to eat. It not on the top of my list of place I enjoy eating. The food is just about as good as any standard casino cafe can get. Their taste is kinda bland and requires condiments and spices almost always. My overall experiences here have been good. The food usually comes out rather quickly and is what I ordered so no complaints here. If your looking for something that's a quick late night fix then this place will give it to you but if you have other options open I suggest trying those first.
3	The food is very good here, just pricey. Recently they've been advertising a 9.99 three course meal to locals, so my dad and I went to give this place another look-in. Like a lot of these pseudo-prix-fixe meals being offered, the 9.99 is kind of a lie. The only meal you can get that with is spaghetti and meatballs - everything else goes up from there.My dad and I both chose the blackened Tilapia - 10.99, one of the cheaper options, which had quite a kick to it. So at least you can say that while I think this place is pricey, they're not dumbing the flavor down for old people here. Appetizers, we chose the shrimp cocktail. It's four shrimp, medium-large and a bed of lettuce and cocktail sauce. Okay. The desserts were a slice of NY cheesecake and chocolate cake - we took them home and later they got eaten by someone else in the house because I am on a diet. I can't rate, but they looked pretty good.Oh, and the service is really quite slow. Slow service, too pricey still for a casino cafe. I would skip, but the food is worth eating.
3	Came here at around one in the morning and had their breakfast platter. The ham steak was kind of tough but the rest of the meal was good. In general pretty expensive for a 24 hour cafe.
3	Every so often because of my degenerative ways, Red Rock sends me coupons for free food and beverage at their resort.  Usually I utilize them at the buffet or LBS, but something inspired me to try the Grand Cafe on my latest sortie over there.  Maybe it was the high ceilings, or the pastries displayed in the glass cases that you can see from the casino at the front of the restaurant, but the place looked really appetizing.  I held out hope that a casino cafe could truly be inspiring, alas however it was not to be.  I found a standard offering that  serves its purpose and nothing more.  I should have realized this earlier, I mean I keep watching Saturday Night Live thinking its going to be funny again, but it never is.Now don't get me wrong, the food is fine enough and never really disappointed.  I opted for their "3 course" menu and got the turkey with mashed potatoes, vegetables and gravy. It reminded me of something I would get at a cafe in middle America which had some nostalgic value but its not going to get confused for thanksgiving day.  For my appetizer, I opted for the shrimp cocktail and for desert I got the brownie sundae.  Neither were big or particularly amazing, but they were edible and satiated. Overall, I think my total bill with a drink came to 14 bucks which my coupon mostly covered,  Would I come here again?  Perhaps if I was at the casino but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat there.  The breakfasts looked standard and I think thats where they do the bulk of their business.  Service was friendly and efficient although it should be noted I was eating at around 10pm on a Wednesday (remember how I said I was a degenerate?)  In any event, an unremarkable meal which I guess for a casino cafe is kind of what you should be shooting for.  Although Im going to keep searching for that one that will surprise me...and waiting for Mike Myers to rejoin the cast of SNL too!High ceilings and pastries in glass cases will get me every time...
2	We had egg white fresh garden omelet and waffle today at Grand cafe inside Red Rock Casino. Probably the tasteless omelet I ever had, the chef obviously forgot to put seasoning. The egg was over cooked and the cheese wasn't completely melted. Nothing special about the waffle.  Not to mention we waited more than 45 minutes for the food after we ordered. Probably won't visit again.
3	The first time I went here it was nice.  The service was decent and so was the food.  It was my birthday breakfast after a night out, the fair did what I had hoped it would, fill me up.  Tonight was another story.  I filled myself up on iced tea because my idea of medium well and the cooks idea of medium well were very different.  Tipsy or not, cold pink meat is just not for me.  Still I'd probably eat here if I made it out to Red Rock.  Best for breakfast.
3	Of course a 24 hour restaurant, I really don't expect much from it. Just to have a place to sit and eat. I understand that its located at Red Rock Casino, and of course a lot of people will probably think, "It got to be good, since its at Red Rock Casino." So lot of people will probably have high expectations of the place, and I bet you, not many of them will have their expectations met. As for me, I did have some mix feelings about the place. It is a fancy looking cafe, located in one of the popular station casinos. So thinking, that it's in a fancier casino, pricing is probably a bit more then expected. But knowing that it is a 24 hour joint, the first thing I think of is, Denny's. Which brings the thought of food, that's fairly done, but not quite done the way you want it, or it's done, where you can't even stand touching it.  But you'll probably eat it, cause its edible, or that, you're really hungry, you'll eat anything.I had the Philly cheese steak, with fries. I loved how the sandwich was made and the bread was just right. But the french fries on the other hand, were kind of dry and crunchy. But again, I really don't expect much at a 24 hour cafe. There are some out there that does better, others are just average. Grand Cafe, is one of those average ones,  in a high end station casino.  I would recommend this, if you're only looking for a place to sit and eat. But, remember that you're at one of the high end station casinos, which may make it pricey, depending what you pick. Don't set your expectations to high, cause it is a 24 hour cafe, and the food is probably average for any kind of 24 hour diner out there.
3	I grabbed breakfast here with my mom before we hit the road back to LA. I had the eggs benedict, which I probably haven't eaten in 10 years. The eggs were so perfectly poached that it pained me to break them, but the hollandaise was kind of bland. I can't remember what hollandaise tastes like, but I can't imagine that butter + egg yolks would equal bland. My mom had corned beef hash which looked (and tasted) very similar to the canned kind. The breakfast here was just okay. I don't know why there is always a big line because it's not even cheap. Next time I will just grab a starbucks and hit the blackjack tables.
2	Typical of your big hotel lobby coffee shops. Open 24 hours, Keno, lots of choices.....unfortunately, the food is typically horrible and the service is typically poor. Understaffed seems to be the common thread with the restaurants here in Vegas. On the surface, they all are open for business but they all have severe cutbacks on labor. Makes for a long wait before and after getting seated.
1	The last two times I've been here the food has been meh ..not really good and the service non existent. I know this place can be good because I've witnessed it a long time ago. I don't know if I would ever come back based on my past two experiences. The first time the bread on my Roast Beef Sandwich was a bit hard and they forgot my mayo. I didn't mind it much but the Guacamole that they served with my husband's quesadilla was gross. It was really brown ... we were trying to send it back but we were only checked on when they served us the bill. I decided to give this place another try a couple of days ago and we ended up walking out. We waited about 10 minutes for a seat . When we sat down my husband's side of the booth was still sticky like it hadn't been cleaned. We thought we would just let the waiter know when they come to take our order for our drinks. The waiter never showed up so my husband asked a worker up front if they can please have someone clean our table and possibly get us some drinks. They said "Sorry it's too busy ..there is nothing we can do". We ended up going to Rubios instead. I just read today that Station casinos is looking to hire 1000 workers for new Grand Cafe locations. I just hope they add more people to staff this location because clearly there isn't enough workers to provide a good customer experience!
4	I actually like this place for the hours, the location, late night staff, and the salads only. I will visit again. Unlike the buffet your food is limited. That is a good thing on many occasions. Since Grand Cafe is 24 hr. (located within Red Rock hotel) limiting intake is good late at night. We had their salad. I like it just as much as I like CPK's salads, I was pleasantly surprised. I tried the Cobb on day 1 and the Mexican a few days later. All chopped and tossed with generous toppings (i.e. chicken). They also had a three for 9.99 special (confirm timing of specials on your own--we were there on the weekend at 11pm lol). Any way, this 9.99 special which, we did not order, includes an appetizer, entree of spaghetti and meatballs, and a dessert. The late night staff were friendly and attentive. I didn't have the same positive experience lunch a few days later, oh well. I would go again for the salads--you'll be surprised. Good portion size and reasonable price for the content and when you compare it to the comparable CPK or Sammy's salad. **Lastly, if you fill out the survey on your receipt you get $5 off your next visit.**
4	in addition to my vip weekend stay at red rock. my friends and i ate here. i ordered the grilled salmon. it came with veggies and jasmine rice. i absolutely loooooved how they prepare the salmon, wasn't too dry and just the right amount of seasoning. i wish i substituted my rice for mashed potatoes! but next time i will =)
2	Meh. I don't think this place is all that great but I only went one time and perhaps I just hit it at the wrong time. I ordered a hamburger cooked to medium to go and it was well done - very well done. The fries were just ok which was unfortunate. It was an "OK" meal but not great. I'd only go back because there aren't a lot of options at this location but I wouldn't go back if I had more options.
2	We were actually hoping for the Buffet at Redrock Hotel but this was Easter Sunday and there was a 3 hour wait for the Buffet.... so we opted for here. The wait was about 30 mins or so....Once we were seated, we were offered Mimosas while we looked at the menu.....Name doesn't really fit, did't really see anything Grand about this place. Ok, back to the food. I had a prime rib sandwich, which was ok.....too much bread, not enough meat. I am trying to remember what my companions had, but I can't.....so I won't review theirs.......I just remember nobody was that happy about it.....ehhhh....next!!!
2	I had a $10 off coupon from Station.  The plan was to do the feast buffet for lunch but the line was so ridiculously long on a Tuesday.  LBS didn't accept the coupon so we opted for this.  My wife got the corn beef hash which came with eggs, hash browns and toast.  Good portion but she's definitely had better.  I got the California benedict for $10 and that was a total joke.  Small plate portion and I guess the chef doesn't know how to poach eggs either.Looked like all the regulars were getting salads.  Maybe that's what I'll go for next time although I am pretty sure I am not coming back.  I'd do IHOP over this anytime.
3	Been here a few times after we hit the movies. Food is ok. Like their breakfast. Some tasty pancake and waffle toppings. Stopped by at 2pm for late lunch. Place almost empty. 40 minute wait for food.... Crab and avocado omelet was dry. Standard breakfast was ok... just ok. Eggs benedict average. Eat outside if you can. Really nice view of the pool area. its all about the view. Prices are about $9 a plate for the breakfast stuff. Thing I love about this place is the dessert area up front. They have the coolest little creations. Lemon meringue pies in the shape of little bee hives with marzipan bees. SO cool. If you don't eat at the cafe at least stop and grab a few treats.
3	Was seated very quick for a Saturday. Choose to sit outside.  Nice day but has a sour milk smell coming from somewhere.  Quick service good coffee.  I ordered the crab and avocado omelet my husband went with the chicken fried steAk.My omelet was horrible but my husbands was great home made and not frozen.  will go back again and get the chicken fried steak
2	This review is based on the quality of the service rather than the food itself.To rate the food; I give it a 4/5 for quality and taste given that this place is a cafe in a casino.To rate the service; I give that a 1/5.Our server's name was Robert and he was the worst we encountered so far.  He didn't do anything directly negative to us; but the fact that he didn't do anything to help us at all except serve our food.We sat down and he greeted us with his name with an awkward attitude.  Honestly, we didn't expect a cheerful attitude.  But we did to see a little freshness in his blank expression and tone.We ordered our food as soon as he came back with our drinks.  A southwest breakfast bowl, angus beef sliders, and a chicken fried steaks with eggs.  Around 15 minutes Robert comes by to tell us that it will just be a few more minutes.  Then another 10 minutes rolls by and our food comes out with the server not saying anything except "Plate's hot" and "Enjoy".  He did come by and ask how he were; but I won't give him points on that since that's pretty much mandatory for every table.Nearly 10 minutes into our meal he drops off our check and just leaves not to be seen again.  We didn't know if we were supposed to pay up front or to wait for him so I had to ask the busboy to check where and for a box to wrap up my food.When we payed up front the nice cashier asked us if we enjoyed our meal and we told her that it was all right but we would like to fill out a comment card.  She attempted to call over her manager but we declined saying that we waited long enough and didn't feel like waiting anymore.I appreciate the cashiers attempt to rectify the situation; but Robert's attitude towards us has no excuse.If you're reading this Robert; you deserve the fact that I left you without a tip.If you're a customer that ends up with Robert, please do what I didn't and tell him or the manager what he did wrong if he doesn't change.
3	Food was just OK, and service was just OK, too.  Ordered a coffee and it took way too long for it to arrive.  But it's a 24/7 cafe, so how good can you expect it to be, eh?
2	Most people who know of my travels to sin city, also know of my love for the Red Rock Casino (http://www.yelp.com/biz/red-rock-casino-resort-and-spa-las-vegas-2) and everything associated with it.  Well, almost everything, except for Grand Cafe.Like it's weaker sister location at the Green Valley Ranch (http://www.yelp.com/biz/green-valley-ranch-resort-and-spa-henderson-2), Grand Cafe is the lowest end of the dining totem pole.  Yes, even lower than FatBurger and most other chains in the resort, because at the very least even they can consistently crank out tolerable food.  Couple that with some other major service snafus and it's not hard to see this cafe is already on the downward spiral.Since Grand Cafe is 24 hours, it's typically the source for room service food.  If you're going to order for your room, you should save the trouble and try another casino dining establishment instead - your stomach and your wallet will thank you.Service has always been lackluster at best.  My many visits here both late night and early morning have been with wait staff who seem more apathetic than not.  It might just be my bad luck but I've lost count from how many service related issues I've had with my food.  Management needs to start hiring from the same pool of folks that are staffed in other establishments or the quality will continue to suffer.And with regards to the quality of the food, something is almost always off.  Breakfast foods have been bland and dry, salads have been uninspiring, even burgers and sandwiches were disappointing.  Casual dining isn't supposed to be this hard.  To offer any suggestions outside of getting a new kitchen and wait staff may prove to be too difficult.  But they could certainly use the help.One of these days if they cook an egg or even a proper burger, we can revisit the idea of trying Bland (not Grand) Cafe.
4	I don't why there are so many bad reviews of the Grand Cafe. Went there on a comped stay at Red Rock and had some fantastic food for both dinner and breakfast. For dinner try the prime rib. It was a huge portion and was sooo good. For breakfast I had a New Mexico omelette with avocado. It was amazing.Both of our servers were super nice ladies who loved our daugheter.  I am postulating that most of these bad reviews come from people who are pissed after losing at the casino and take their bad attitude to the restaurant.
3	I had a pretty great Reuben here the other day. I hadn't been in a while, but I feel my criticism of the slow service/high prices remains a problem. But the Reuben was really good, so there is that.
1	Okay let me tell you. This place has horrible service. They sit you down then they ignore you. Then Someone finally comes and talks to you and they take your drink order and tell you they are not your waitress so you have to wait longer to actually place a meal order. I came here a second time because it's in the hotel and I was desperate. Last night the same thing happened and while my table "stuck it out" another group left very angry for the same treatment and as they were leaving the manager made a nasty comment loud enough for me to hear it 10 feet away like a 2 year old but not loud enough for the guest to hear....    This place had maybe 10 tables of groups of 2-4 people and they had at least 3 waitresses and nobody was getting helped. I looked around and noticed all of the people looking around confused as I was wondering what the problem was.   This place is so bad I'm writing my first negative review after being on yelp for months. Do yourself a favor if you are staying at the red rock and eat somewhere else that kills the beef while you wait for faster service. I'm giving it one star because yelp won't let me give zero stars.    All kidding aside, tonight even if I'm hungry for a late night snak, I'm getting dressed and driving around in search of a coffie shop or fast food.Even if I have to drive to the strip which is a distance away, I'm sure to get my food quicker.
3	Ok place with a wide ranging menu.  Nice and relativey quiet given it is in a casino,
4	The food is reasonably priced, never had a bad meal and the service has always been consistently good. We get 2 for 1's on weluvlocals web site so it makes our trip to the cafe twice as good. Whats really cool is, after lunch we can go directly from the cafe to the pool.  almost forgot to wait that half an hour after eating before jumping in :-)
3	The grand cafe has been a hit and miss type place for me at the sunset station.I did not want to try it here but the buffet had a long line. Eggs Benedict was great! The poached eggs where really not that poached but It was good.
2	It was Poker Night for the hubby, so I went to Red Rock to play some slots.  Got hungry around 9 pm, so I went to the Grand Cafe for a burger.  Ordered the Southwest Burger with Slaw instead of fries.  Even though I love my burgers medium rare, I've decided that in this age of E. coli, listeria, and who knows what else, I'd better be ordering them well-done.  At this place they must have them pre-cooked because, before I could even check in on Yelp, the waitress put the burger in front of me!Surprisingly, it wasn't dried out.  But that doesn't mean it had any flavor, either.  It didn't.  As for texture, it took me back to when I was a kid.  My mom used to mix Kellogg's Corn Flakes into her chopped meat to hold the burgers together.  I hated that cereal taste and the big yellow pieces of corn flakes, and always begged her to leave them au naturel, i.e., MEAT, just plain old unadulterated meat.  Once in a while, fed up with my whining, she'd do that, and...the burgers fell apart!!!  The look and consistency of the Grand Cafe burger was exactly that.Back to flavor, the menu said the Southwest Burger came with chiles and jalapeno jack cheese.  I expected chopped chiles, but was happy to see long, wide strips of green chilis - rajas - draped across the whole burger.  That, the cheese, and the chipotle mayo that I had on the side saved a tasteless burger from being just fill-the-stomach fodder.  The cole slaw could have benefited from some flavor-tweaking, too.  It hadn't marinated long enough, and had no seasoning whatsover added to a bit too much mayonnaise.The service was very good, and before you could say Jack Rabbit, I was back at the slots losing my money.
4	Food menu!  Some food good some just okay!  Price normal to high!
1	I have seen the commercials for this place on tv many of times and my wife and i thought we would try it out. .. ...  BIG MISTAKE. WORST SERVICE EVER .. we sat for 15 minutes before our drink order was taken ,  20 minutes to get out food , and our drinks were never refilled... and it wasnt even busy!.   There was close to 15 people there walking around and working and they just IGNORED everyone. When i get my steak , it was over cooked , and instead of getting the onion strings and what not on it it was basically a steak , baked potatoe and veggies.... that had absolutly no FLAVOR. I left the woman the worst tip i have ever left in my life ( a dime ) and walked out completly disapointed. NEVER AGAIN!
4	I love having breakfast at the Grand Cafe but I hate their coffee. Yuck! In any case, there is a Starbucks within a few seconds and they have never been offended by my bringing in my own cuppa. Since I am trying to be a little healthier I decided to order their Spa Benedict for breakfast and I am glad I did. It is the kind of breakfast that FEELS healthy. 2 poached eggs, lot's of lightly sauteed spinach, tomato, a whole wheat English muffin, all topped with some fresh pesto. To me, this was better than any Benedict dish I have ever had, save for the pulled pork Benedict from First Food and Bar.As a side note, while waiting for a coffee at the Starbucks, a lady just after me was ordering water, boiled water and they were charging her the full price of a tea! I then asked at the Grand Cafe, if they would charge for hot water. Actually, I have always found the people at this restaurant to be helpful: one time I was waiting for bagel and cream to take back to my room, it was going to be a while, so the waitress offered to bring it up to me when it was ready. How nice that?! I asked her to call me instead and I would come down and get it, but the offer was really sweet!
2	You know the saying "you get what you pay for"?  Well, it applies to this place.  It is pretty cheap and the food is pretty bad.  Our server was very pleasant, however, which was a nice surprise.
3	Meh, the food here isn't bad, but it's not OMG awesome either. The chicken noodle soup is pretty good though. The breakfast food is ok, but a little over priced. Everything else.. The sandwiches aren't as good as Capriottis, and they are  more expensive. The burgers are better at yardhouse and lbs.. The only thing this place is really good for, is the fact it's open 24 hours, and that there are specials after midnight..The service is polite, but so slow.
5	A great place for steak and eggs off the strip. Excellent selection and meals at great prices.  This place cant be beat. Give them a try.
3	Chicken and waffles is the way to go. I'm a waffle fan and these get about 3.5 stars. It's the only breakfast dish I've tried that deserves a repeat performance. The edges of the waffle are a little crispy and the middle is a soft, slightly chewy texture. Do not bother trying the chicken sausage, not good. Very greasy and the texture is kind of gross. I don't know how else to describe it but I spit it in my napkin so I think gross about covers it. Just trust me and order the waffles.I've had the southwest burger as well. It comes with green chili's, pepper jack cheese, guacamole and a pretty good chipotle mayo. I don't eat cow so I sub in a turkey burger. It's not the best turkey burger in Vegas but it'll do in a pinch. A little dry but it usually is in comparison to a beef patty.The service is slow and very consistent. It's always slow. Always. I know this going in though so I don't sweat it. If you don't have some time to kill you might want to opt for the feast buffet here instead. The service is always polite and even with all of my substitutions and deletions, it's always accurate. It should be, considering it's slower than molasses.
3	I gotta hand it to Robert. He saved this place from a 1-star rating. I left him a big tip because of his great personality and customer service.2 years ago I first came here. I waited about 10 minutes to get a seat even though I was first in line. After they sat me, I waited about 15 minutes for a server to come around. I tried to get the attention of the angry old blonde woman who works behind the cash register and she practically told me to eat a d*ck and get lost. When the server finally showed up, he was one of those  white dudes who speaks in Ebonics. I couldn't understand a word he was trying to tell me.  My food came out around 30 minutes later, and the server never came around to refill my drink. Last night I came here for the graveyard special. I expected the same bad service and I was correct in my expectations. It took about 5 minutes for the host to come over and attempt to seat me. The host first took us to a table that still had a half eaten pancake on it. She then tried to seat us at another table that had a person still sitting in it. She then tried to seat us at another table that still had 4 plates, dirty napkins, and bottles of beer on it. Obviously there was something wrong with the host and busers here. She then sat us at a table which was far off in a corner.Once again like in years past, we waited about 15 minutes for service. As we were waiting for service we could see all the other servers goofing off, laughing, and horse-playing. Two servers were playing tag and slapping each other in the legs while we were just sitting there waiting for someone to at least ask us what we wanted to drink. Something about seeing the workers playing like children and laughing out loud in enjoyment while the customers are miserable and waiting for service is just FUBAR...  I went to that same angry blond old lady at the cashier and she once again gave us a dirty look and practically told us to eat a d*ck and get lost. She hasn't changed at all in the last 2 years. Finally, after another 5 minutes there was a series of angry attacks from other guests. One guest starting screaming profanity loudly and began hassling the manager.  A man and woman at a different table got so angry that they threw their menu and utensils on the floor and stormed out while giving the servers the royal finger.  I on the other hand was not that angry because I have lived in Las Vegas for a long time and ALWAYS expect bad service. Bad service is just a normal aspect of Las Vegas life. If I don't get bad service, that's when I am usually most surprised. I just endure the bad service and never leave a  tip. But, things began to turn around. The manager finally noticed that the whole restaurant was about to riot and ran into the kitchen and found a worker who did a great job solving the situation. We got a server named Robert who provided us excellent customer service and also got the manager to comp our meal. He even got our food out extremely fast. I really appreciate his hard work. Will I be back? I sure will. I love graveyard specials and am willing to endure the bad service. It actually saves us all money when we get bad service because we don't tip. But, I'm more than happy to tip Robert a 20 if I get him as a server again.
3	This place is absolutely beautiful. This morning we sat outside on the patio great weather, great decor and food was fast! they use fresh quality ingredients, my friends and I were very pleased. Only bad thing was a long wait in line, maybe because it was a Sunday and long wait for the server to give us the bill and she never came back to pick it up and charge the credit card! 20 mins passed we decided to get up and go to the cashier and pay upfront. And while we waited in line to pay it seemed that the server was in an argument with another employee using really bad language! I'm not sure what happened but it wasn't very unprofessional.Other than that! Food is tasty c:
3	I have been here now a couple of times and both were very late at night. We were in need of something to absorb all the free drinks we had the hotels center bar.It was never a problem being seated. There is not much going on at Red Rock at 1am since Cherry closed.I had a burger & fries one time which was really good and another time I had steak & eggs..which was also really  good.  Not a bad cut of meat.And after midnight they have some really good deals on food. Some items are 2.99..like the burger & fries.
2	I wish I could give it 1, I really do.If not for the $5.99 steak and eggs that were cooked properly, it would have been a 1.Came to Red Rock for the Ladies all you can drink and to catch a late movie.  We were hungry afterwards and it just happened to be midnight so we naturally sidled up to Grand Cafe for some steak and eggers and stacks o' pancakes.Medium rare steak and over easy eggs for me.  2 stacks of pancakes for my wife and her sister.  Medium steak and scrambled for my buddy.  2 cups of coffee.  Water all around.  We all had a good time eating, this was our second dinner after Boiling Crab.  Asked for the check around 1255.  Had our table cleared off around 0100 am.  0105 still no sigh of the check.  I overhear our server(at the POS station right next to my chair) muttering about how she can't find our check.  10 minutes later she tells us she can't find our check, and asks if we paid already.  I stupidly said no.  She continues half "looking" and half fulfilling drink orders and serving them and taking food orders.  Seriously?  Please find my f*cking check.  Every time I look at her, she's either telling the guy who cleared our table that she can't find our bill, or she's muttering to herself that she can't find it.  I don't understand why this is so mind-boggling.  You can do either of two things at this point.  You could A) ask us what we got or B) Check the tape, because someones always watching in the casino.  If you truly lost it, would it hurt to generate another one, if you know the first won't ever be accidentally paid?  Are you afraid of making too much money?  You're not going to get screwed out of something, but you will get screwed out of your tip if you dick around.  We get up from the table and go to the cashier where the man she answers to, coincidentally, the man who happened to clear our table and ask how everything was, was standing.  She hands him our check.  Like, what kind of abracadabra BS is that?  It just magically appeared in her hand and she gives it to him.  It sucks that she's apologetic and says thanks for being patient. Except I'm not patient.  We ask if we can pay out.  Mr. Man says, "It'll just be a second I (in italics) JUST got this".  "We're just saying, we've been asking for the check for 30 minutes now."  His response?  The exact same thing he said earlier.  "Blah blah, I JUST got this."  Don't be a dick, dick.  You know how long we've been waiting to pay.  You're the dude that cleared our table.  And it doesn't hurt to say sorry, it also doesn't pay to be a jerk to your customers.  And it's not like this place is wall to wall patrons.  It's after midnight and it's maybe a quarter to a third full.  So to our server, sorry you got stiffed on the tip, but you can blame that dude you handed our bill too.  I hate to do that.  I know that people rely on their tips, but it's not against the law to not tip, and for me, tips are based not only on service, but also on grace, attitude and the humility to accept when you've screwed something up.  I hate that my steak was good, and the pancakes were delicious, and the coffee was strong hot and fresh.
4	IMO best place for brunch at Red Rock (I am not a buffet fan.)  We had a very nice brunch here with a large group (25 people).  They seated us outside, weather was perfect, and the server went out of his way to keep up with all of us.
4	During a staycation at Redrock casino my friend, who is a big fan of Grand Cafe, and I stopped by for breakfast. This was my third time dining at the RedRock GC and it seems pretty consistent. Of course if you are lucky enough to be in Roberto's section, which I have been all 3 times, you experiences will be anything but ordinary. If you aren't having a good morning Roberto will make sure that changes and he'll definitely put a smile on your face.As far as Grand Cafe food goes, they have a nice selection on their menu with many healthy options. The food always taste fresh and prepared nicely. Not much more you can say about a typical breakfast.
2	This place is a little overpriced for its value. I've been here a couple times now, and the food is edible but not the best. Way overpriced for the taste. The french fries here are always really hard. More like potato chips then actual fries. The burger is ok, but really rough.
2	The food here is your average cafe fare - salad, sandwiches, burgers, entrees. All around $8-15. Nothing spectacular, just solid cafe food. However the service is extra slow, it took 20 minutes for our waiter to take our order and at least another 20+ for our food to come. We were STARVING by the time food arrived. Wasn't quite sure why it was so slow as we ate around 10 pm and there were maybe a handful of customers besides us. They do have a very delectable looking dessert counter with an various desserts behind the glass, but I managed to refrain from getting any. Not as tempting as the slot machines and table games :)
1	The bad reviews on this page almost made me pee my pants I was laughing so hard because they are soooo true Gordon ramsy to the rescue please!!! So we wait and wait and wait some more just like everyone else for clearly no good reason. About 15 mins for drinks food didn't take that long to get but upon tasting my food I new why. I think my hamburger patty and fries were reheated and old all our food extreamly overpriced very bland well just gross. My daughter loved her bowl of mac n cheese which made me happy because she never realized  her deep fried mac n cheese bites she ordered never came. Victoria our server was alright but the hostess krisstina needs to severely get over herself and maybe not b!tch at the servers in front of customers while we're finally getting served also sorry krisstina that we weren't good enough to ring out either but thanks for taking the people behind us and for walking away to leave us waiting after you were done! This place sucks! Typical Vegas...
3	Open 24/7 goes a long way in my book.I love the fact that this place is always open and always available.  The menu is decent and offers a pretty wide selection.  I have the feeling that their best items are desserts and breakfast items as is the case with most 24 hour joints.Decent decor and decent prices.
3	The atmosphere is pleasant.  There was a very short wait on a Wednesday night at dinner time.  The food was served hot and was very attractive.  The portions were huge enough for another meal tomorrow.  The fried chicken came with two fried chicken breasts.
4	Went here a few times for breakfast and lunch while staying at the Red Rock Resort.  I did not have a bad meal.  The food was delicious.  Buttermilk pancakes were tasty and very satisfying.  The scrambled eggs are so fluffy - I don't know what they did to them to make them so good.  The turkey on sourdough sandwich was yummy.  The turkey was that good, fresh cut of turkey.  I really enjoyed eating here.  It was very affordable, especially for a restaurant in a casino.  The service is a little slow, but if you are not in a rush, it's not an issue.  I would definitely recommend eating here if you are looking for a good, casual place to eat.
2	My husband and I had some time to kill before watching a movie, so we decided to eat breakfast. We first walked to the Feast Buffet, but the lines were crazy long! Decided to try out Grand Cafe next door and we were seated right away.The food was horrible, for me at least. I ordered the breakfast sliders - 2 sausage, egg and cheese biscuits, gravy, and hash browns. There was no gravy on my plate. The hash browns were cold, and the sliders were a hint of warm in the beginning, but turned cold pretty quickly. I really wanted to complain and send the food back to the kitchen, but I didn't want to wait another 20 minutes to eat. My husband, on the other hand, said that his food was good. This was actually his second visit here. The country breakfast bowl that he ordered each time was tasty and filling. So maybe there are a small number of items on the menu that are worth eating.Service wasn't that great. Our server did not check on us very often, and she was more attentive to the table across from us. Maybe because there were 3 kids and a baby sitting at that table? The cashiers in the front were more friendly. I will give this place 2 stars because my husband enjoyed his food, but I won't be returning. I can't believe that sometimes there is a line here during dinner time. Thank goodness for the Yelp check in deal: 1 free entree with purchase of an entree. If I had to pay full price, I would have been upset. DO NOT waste your time and money here! Waiting in line for the buffet would definitely be a wiser choice.
2	Red Rock Casino is a very nice place with various fine dining options.  However, this place was just okay.  We came in from a long, hot day of golf and wanted something simple, yet decent.  After a 5 minute wait to get drinks, we finally were given our liquids and ordered. My wife ordered a Turkey Club, which was not bad, according to her, though somewhat salty.  A friend ordered a prime rib that he just devoured and I ordered fish tacos.  So I get my three fish tacos and they are okay, but they are about the size of a deck of cards.  Very small.  With no sides that come with it.  Quite disappointing and certainly not worth the money.Service was slow, though Deborah was very personable and friendly.Time to try something else when in this casino next time.
4	Service was great our waitress was Mona, the chicken fried steak was excellent, I lived in Texas for 10 years and I know what's good! I don't know what these yuppies here in summerlin are on with all these negative reviews because this place is worth trying.
3	There's a coupon on Yelp!  :) so that's good.  It's like a diner, they have a bar, they've got like 2 tv's.  Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner.  You're not going to plan a trip to go out of your way to eat there, but if you're in the Casino it ain't bad. Nice people here struck up conversations with a couple of people at the bar while waiting on my food.  Guy next to me swears by the Crab Omelet, said next time I come in there I have to order that b/c it's really really good. I got eggs, hasbrowns and sausage can't really mess that up and you can't really make it eggceptional either [egg joke I know sorry]. With coffee think my bill was over $12, now considering the buffet is like under $10 and less than $20 for brunch [with a mimosa] on Sunday probably should consider that.
2	Decided to try one of their new specials after catching a movie.. At first the server was borderline rude. But I think she saw my husband mouthing to me that she was a "B" so it got better after that.I had the burger special. Now I have had their burgers before and this was not it. It tasted like a frozen patty that had just been warmed up. My husband had the steak special and it was so thin you could almost see though it.I will go back but will order of of the regular menu next time
2	While the food is good, it is costly and incredibly slow.  Don't try to use the Yelp! coupon as they have found an excuse on 3 different occassions to not honor it.  When questioned about this the manager becomes indifferent and even suggested I call the F&B director.
4	I have tried to eat here several times but the line is usally out the  door so I always end up going to the buffet. My bf got some comps here thanks to his playing craps we ended up going here around 8am there was no line so we decided to try it out. I ordered the Belgium waffle with a side of sausage patties, the waffle was delicious very moist and I loved that they served it with HOT syrup and enough of it to cover my whole waffle. The sausage was so gross I couldn't take more then the first bite first off it was beef not pork which I hate beef sausage and it tasted like rubber. I washed my food down with a mimosa which was pretty delicious. My bf got fried eggs pancakes and sausage links which he loved and demolished in 10 seconds. The service was also good as well I would definitely return here again I'm pretty shocked it only has 2 and a half stars I guess I went at the right time and ordered the right thing.
5	I come here everytime I am in Las Vegas.   They have been open for 5+ years and this was the best food & service I have ever had.  Great job Tina!   (dang, I forgot to post this from a long time ago).
4	I have been eating at the Grand Cafe inside of Red Rock for years now.  My absolute favorites would have to be the Tuscan Chicken salad and the Eggs Benedict.  The service is typically very good and even more so if you are a regular.  Pricing is similar to that of any other casino/hotel cafe.  I foresee many more visits to this spot due to its convenient location (from my work) and delicious food.
4	Good food, great service, convenient.
1	Why do people wait on line to eat at this place?  Is it for the cheap Boarding Pass specials maybe? The food quality has gone way way down over the past year, the portions have shrunk on most items, yet the menu prices have remained the same or higher. Went in the other nite, and orderd the fish and chips and an add on wedge salad.  Salad was a tiny chunk of lettuce, with a few cherry tomato halves, crumbled bacon and dressing. Small and really not worth the extra 2.99.  The fish and chips, was horrible, it was supposed to come with cole slaw, but the waiter insisted that it did not and would be extra (not true) he finally and reluctantly brought it. The fish was over fried frozen fillets. the insides were a dry mess.  Perhaps that is why service is slow, they take extra time to dry outyour food.  Not a good experiance, wont go back.  Stations, wake up and get some decent quality food on your menus!!
2	Food was either bland or overpowered with salt. Get ready for microwaved dinner. Mediocre service, food came late.
3	This is my second visit and this time the food wasn't satisfying. I tried their T-bone steak and ask for it to be medium. It turned out to be too dry and over done. To top it off the steak was cold. Compared to the last time, I ordered the chicken and waffle which was to die for. I was a little disappointed this time.
1	Grand Cafe offered up the WORST SERVICE on Saturday, 2 FEB 2013. Avoid busser, Emma, waitress, Deborah, waiter, Francisco, cashier, Rebecca and ESPECIALLY AVOID cafe manager, Bobby.  These folks treated myself and my guests with disdain and disrespect.  Speaking with the Cafe manager will only make things worse as he is part of the problem.
2	We decided to eat here, even with the long line, I get it, it's like peak breakfast hour, so I'm not bitter about the wait, but here's my beef with this place, the line isn't only to get a table, but expect double the wait for the food to even show up at your table.We waited about 20 mins to get our booth, we waited about 10 mins to place our order, we waited 35 mins to get our food! Thank god there was Keno to keep us occupied, otherwise I would have been really pissed off. The waiter apologized profusely for the kitchen staff, I guess they were behind, yeah no shit! I'm starving over here.The food, was good, but I wouldn't wait that long for breakfast, not here at least.Should have gone to the buffet, line was about the same and at least we can just go get whatever we want, whenever we want. Fail.
3	Hmmm....Breakfast, one of my favorite meals.  When we're in Vegas, we enjoy coming here for breakfast.  It was a regular place for us when we lived here.  A couple of our favorite dishes are Eggs Benedict and the Denver Omelet w/Hash Browns.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-7?select=dUmJWwUg7lAohYr4id0oXg#dUmJWwUg7lAohYr4id0oXghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/grand-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas-7?select=I3n0MlSkKE1Cy4f-nughhA#I3n0MlSkKE1Cy4f-nughhAThe service is so/so.  We'll get great service about 60% of the time.  Usually the bad service is when it gets busy....It can get pretty busy in here, so the trick is to come between meal periods.  Return Factor - 70%
2	I've been here several times, and this place is hit or miss. The first time I came here, I ordered the Crab Benedict. It was actually pretty good, and the service was decent. No problem. My second and third visits, eh, nothing special. Last time I ate at Grand Cafe, was 180 degree difference. The service was super slow, and it took the waiter, (who said it was just his 2nd day), 20 minutes to bring us our drinks. I order a regular eggs benedict, but when the waiter brings it out, it's missing the hollandaise sauce, WTF?? So, he goes back to the kitchen and brings me some [cold] hollandaise sauce in a small bowl. Silverware was dirty too - I had to ask him twice to bring me a new set. I hate to criticize people, but this guys mind was like a blackboard that kept getting erased - as soon as he walked away from the table, he would completely forget what we requested. Now I'm finished with my meal and ask for some water. Guess what - he forgot again. After 10 minutes, I end up asking another waitress to tell the guy to bring me my water. It wasn't even that busy which made it more annoying. I'll go back again, but if that same waiter serves us, I'm walking out.
3	The service from the kitchen might be a bit slow (oddly enough mostly at breakfast when it's emptiest), but the servers are sure friendly. The food is all great. I had a wonderful crab and avocado salad here one day for lunch and the next morning for breakfast a crab avocado omelet. That omelet was stuffed full of fresh crab meat - well worth the price. This is also the only 24 hour food place on the hotel property.
3	This place is for sure hit or miss. When I come here after 11 pm it seems they have way too many customers and not enough servers. I try to stick to coming here for lunch or in the early evening dinner but after a concert or night out on the town this cafe is open 24 hours and has pretty good late night specials. While out with some friends and it being after 1 am we decided on coming here. We were seated right away but as usual because of the hour it was, there was just not enough servers and service was slow. The following prices are from the "All-Nighter Boarding Pass Specials Menu" so you will need to have your stations boarding pass handy. I had the "2 Egg Bacon Skillet" priced at $3.99. My bacon was burnt and hard as a red rock (pardon the pun tee-hee) so I passed on eating anymore of the bacon then what I already disgustingly ate. The eggs were good, the hash browns were good even though they didn't add the cheddar cheese I requested when ordering, and the sourdough toast had way too burnt grill marks on certain sides. They did bring the cutest little jelly jars to the table in grape and strawberry. I used one to try and cover the burnt taste of my toast but did keep the others. I figure I can make a PB&J sandwich with it at home which will taste better. My hubby had the "Short Stack" priced at $1.99, "Biscuits & Gravy" priced at $1.99and a side of sausage. He enjoyed his meal. The pancakes were actually really good and priced perfectly. My friends ordered the "Chicken Fried Steak & Eggs" priced at $4.99 and the "NY Strip Steak & Eggs" priced at $5.99. We like to sample each others and one of my friends said her chicken fried steak tasted sour. I tried a bite and it had NO flavor. The server was kind enough to remove the charge from the bill. We all shared a "Tiramisu Cup" and it was more like a custard with no flavor. That is all.
3	Went to eat here with my parents, husband and children after the line for the buffet was too long.  It was around 6pm and we were sat after about 5 minutes.  It was pretty clear that there were not enough waiters and the bus boys were non existent.  We waited 15 minutes to order food and then about 10 minutes after that for the apps to come.  The chicken nachos were awesome! And the chicken tenders were great too.  When the food came, we had to ask for the dressing to my salad 4 times before it was brought out and 3 times for 1 refill on our drinks.  We ate our food with the dirty appetizer plates on the table.  The waiter was so busy that he could hardly check on our table.  He was friendly but clearly his section was too large (both inside and outside).The price was good and the food was pretty tasty.  Unfortunately the inappropriate staffing choices by management led to poor service.
3	Needed a place to eat pronto and this place was one of the few that we passed while we were in the casino.  Its your average 24hr cafe in the casino serving breakfast all day.  They had a lot to choose from, but I was unsure since I didn't pick out from previous reviews what is the go to on the menu.  I somehow passed Prime Rib, and had immediately made my decision to order it.  Prime Rib, for the price, was not bad.  Its a rather large piece as a matter of fact.  I couldn't even eat it all.  BUT, its probably because I had about 1 and 1/2 pieces.  I'll tell you that because when the first Prime Rib was delivered, it was cold.  I was so hungry and didn't want to flag down the waiter, I figured, let me just bite into it and deal with it.  Nope, I couldn't.  It wasn't cold as in frozen, just I think it took a while to get to my table.  So, I did eventually flag down the waiter, asked them to warm it, but my waiter kindly gave me a new serving.  It was hot, it was more on the medium I ordered it at, and I was satisfied.  It was served with sides, I got fries and veggies.  The veggies are frozen type, so we all know how frozen veggies taste like, bland.  Not the best food experience, but the staff here was genuinely pleasing.  Okay for late night eating when you got the munchies.  Again, it is a Cafe.
1	There was no refill. Server was distant and innattentive. Food was burned and when we asked to address an issue we waited for 30 minutes before we left because no one came manager was too busy standing at the bar.
2	The menu is good. The food is the same as their other property's just more money. Fish tacos good, salads good. Prime rib dip, not prime at all, fries are to skinny & don't stay hot. Eat at the counter its quicker.  Martin 6-7-13
4	I'm surprised at all the poor reviews! I experienced great service and good food. I ordered the 9.99 steak dinner(not on the menu)and I thought it was pretty good for 9.99. It's not a steakhouse steak but good enough. It came with a baked potato and veggies. Our server brought us bread baskets with softened butter....so yummy!The service was great.We also ordered spaghetti w meatballs and a cheeseburger with fries and we had no complaints.I will definitely return.
2	After the Red Rock Bowling UYE, I was invited to have a late night bite to eat with Roger, Rhia and their family.  It was close to 2 a.m. and you'd think that they would be on the ball, as it wasn't that busy.  It took a while to seat us, which was alright, because there were 10 in our party.  We sat down and checked out the late night menu.  I just wanted potatoes, that's it! I had a taste for potatoes.  I know, late night starch and carbs.  But, I already have screwed up my diet for the week, so I didn't care.  They had a great late night special. 2 eggs, hash-browns and toast for $1.99.  What a deal!  Anyhow, we ordered drinks and for some reason the kitchen was backed up.  The night manager came to our table to let us know that.  So, the wait was about 1/2 hour.  I didn't mind... I can be a bit of a night owl at times.  But, Roger and Rhia had their kids in tow, so I felt for them.  You could tell that the wait was getting long because Roger passed out.  The food eventually came out and it was good.. about what I could cook at home, but for 2 bucks it couldn't be beat.2 stars because the waitress was nice and the company was great.  Plus the little jelly jars were awesome.
1	Went here at 2 in the morning with my fam and some Yelp peeps after just getting done with our bowling UYE.Already I have a bad first impression because as soon as the hostess saw there was about 12 of us, she told us it was gonna be about half an hour before we can get a table. As I looked around, it didn't seem like they were busy at all. I would say overall you had about 8 tables of customers being tended to. The feeling I was getting was that the hostess didn't really wanna be there.So after about 35 minutes we finally got to sit down. It took about 10 minutes before our server came to get our order. We were all actually ready with our orders but she said she was gonna take our drink order first and to put that in. That's stupid. We already had 10 minutes to go over the menu and decide what we want but yet she insisted on getting our drink orders first. So she brings our drinks out after about another 10 minutes. We give her our order and off she went. What happened next almost made me walk out. It took 30 minutes, yes, 30 MINUTES for her to bring out our food. She could have refilled my soda at least twice in that time frame and for your information she never did. So by the time we got our food, it was just a little after 3 am.I know what you're thinking. Since we had a party of 12, of course its natural that making that much food will take a while. Only thing was that all the food we ordered was off the graveyard special menu, meaning pancakes, eggs, biscuits and gravy, etc. So all the items we ordered were simple and quick things to make.The first couple times I ate here around the same time, it was decent. This third time, I am now convinced not to eat here any more. It seemed everybody's attitude that worked there was like they did not wanna be there. If you don't like your job, find something else. We as a party did not demand anything special or were rude in our interactions. Even the manager I spoke to said it was usually slow around that time. I think he didn't wanna be there either. So in closing, just because they are 24 hours and they have graveyard specials, that doesn't always translate to great service and great food. For this place, the food is decent but the really bad service gives you a bitter taste in your mouth. I recommend going to Fatburger in the food court. They are 24 hours as well but I guarantee you wont have to wait an hour to get your food.
3	Not sure how I want to write this review. The food wasn't good or special enough to bring us back on its own.  Our service was good but not great enough to overcome the mediocre food. I ordered a Bacon Cheeseburger and it was almost flavorless. Pretty sure they are using hamburger with little to no fat as that is where a lot of a burgers flavor comes from. I don't know what was going on with my pickles but they had a weird flavor that didn't blend well with the rest of the burger.My GF enjoyed her French Dip but thought it was a rather small serving size.Best part of the meal was the complimentary bread and the French Fries. After we had ordered a table next to ours was sat and told about the Daily Specials/or their secret menu.  If you don't see something you like you may want to ask about the Specials as that would have prevented us from ordering the food we did.(maybe need proper training for the wait staff to ensure they have all the food options available to them)All in all it wasn't bad and if you don't want to wait in the buffet line (the only reason we ended up here) or you want to sit down and have food brought to you it may be right down your alley.
2	Here's the low-down:   They are definitely a must at Texas Station if you're a night-owl and love steak and hamburgers! They serve breakfast all day, every day.  Their pastries are reasonably priced, tasty and they are rather large for the money.  Aside from these things, you're better off going to Denny's, iHop or the Feast Buffet only a few feet past the Starbucks farther into the casino area.  I say this because the portions are plenty for whatever food you get - as it fills your plate! - but the breakfast I received was anything by great.  It didn't take two long for my boyfriend and I to get a table.  The blonde hostess was polite but definitely not very up-beat or "smile-y".  Being an ex-hostess myself, I realize how important it is to be very happy, enthusiastic and charismatic - it really sets the mood more than you would think. Nevertheless, I didn't feel very welcome and again, it was just "blah".  This cafe is not big at all from what I could see at the time of the day we arrived!  It's no wonder other Yelpers complain about the wait, the place is actually pretty small.  It's a little disorienting because I believe they block off half of the restaurant early in the day for some odd reason or another - I can only assume they open the place up for dinner and "nightlight" dining.   Anyway, on to the good bits, we got Mercedes who is by far the best waitress in the entire restaurant!  She was very sweet and she took the initiative to strike up a small conversation between us ordering, us waiting for food and once we actual began to eat.  It was a kind gesture and it made our experience better - we definitely felt more comfortable than initially waiting for a table, if you know what I mean.  I ended up ordering coffee and orange juice for the drinks, the boyfriend just getting a water.  I went for the three egg veggie omelette with green bell pepper, mushrooms and spinach.  It comes with hash browns which is nice and for some reason it comes with a plethora of toast? I had FOUR slices on my plate.  Mercedes asked me if I wanted cheese on my omelette and I of course nodded, assuming she wanted my preference of cheese so I told her.  Little did I know, they charged us for it!  It was about two extra dollars added to the bill that was completely unnecessary. On top of it all, I also got a side of bacon - this was a terrible idea.  I asked how much it would be and Mercedes told me it would be $3.49.  That's right, almost $4 for FOUR slices of bacon!  Once I ordered it, I ate once slice but then crumbled the rest on my omelette.  In doing so by coincidence, Mercedes comes to the table a little later, saying that if she knew I wanted to do that, she could have added bacon to the omelette for only $.99!  Really, people?!  I feel like my wallet was violated for no apparent reason whatsoever.  Don't they already get enough of my wallet when I use the blasted Slot machines?  The boyfriend ended up getting the breakfast bowl.  It came with scrambled eggs, hash browns, white gravy and a small biscuit on top.  My omelette was beautifully made, but completely and totally tasteless and bland.  I had to put more than four shakes of salt on it with pepper AND Tabasco sauce for it to even taste semi-desirable.  The boyfriend's meal was "okay" as he put it.  I didn't try a bite but taking a small taste of the biscuit, it was dry.  Apparently the gravy they used gave his eggs and hash browns a taste but that is more than likely the case because of the sodium content in it.  This is actually the reason why I'm giving Grand Cafe a two out of five stars - the breakfast food is so iffy, you may or may not even get something tasty!    Remember how I said I got an orange juice and coffee?  I mentioned that for a reason.  Because BOTH of these things cost us an extra $3.00 EACH.  Yes, you heard that right.  A three dollar cup of Joe. Bottom line here: always ask the waitress how much extras and sides cost and DO NOT expect a cheap meal here.  The family next to us in a booth ordered hamburgers and apparently, as I heard them tell their waitress, was phenomenal.  Too bad we didn't get a slice of that cloud 9 they were on because when we looked at how much we owed after all was said and done, we were very disgruntled.  Mercedes was a great waitress which is why I'm giving this Cafe TWO STARS instead of one.  Visitors and hotel guests of Texas Station, go elsewhere for food!
2	Only place I've been to that messes up your order twice. I have been coming here for years now and haven't had any major problems just a few mix ups here and there but this time was a little aggravating. I ordered a simple omelette and the order is messed up, no big deal. I send it back and the waitress was happy to make a new one and apologized which was good...BUT when my new omelette arrives it was messed up again! They had forgot some ingredients and the way they presented it looked like they threw it together recklessly. The hash-browns were soggy and drenched in oil and the omelette was dry and crumbled apart from the first stroke of the knife. All in all was a pretty frustrating experience.
2	Decent food, but always extremely slow. It's a painstaking process eating here. From getting a table, to waiting for the waiter to waiting for the food everything takes forever. Last time I dined there the manager came up and offered me a free dessert to go because of the wait (I never complained about the wait for the food, the waiter complained to him) it took 15 minutes to get the free milkshake to go. How can they offer something to make up for the wait and then make you wait even longer hahaha I'd give it one star but the food is ok.
3	Located in Red Rock Casino & Hotel. Decent food. Obviously, if you are in the hotel, convenient location and open 24hrs.
3	The food here isn't going to change your life (it likely won't even be memorable a few hours later), but the setting is lovely and the service is usually very good. This is a classic coffee shop with a streamlined menu of salads, sandwiches, complete meals and breakfast, all served 24 hours a day. The kitchen is inconsistent with their preparation and ingredients. I've ordered the chicken Cobb salad three different times and each time it is different! This last visit the chicken was really good, big chunks of fresh chicken breast. Other times it has been shredded chicken breast. Sometimes you get slices of tomatoes, other times you get cherry tomatoes or diced tomatoes. Just weird. At least the ingredients are high quality. The side salad even has freshly shredded carrots. Nice!Remember, this is a tourist-based restaurant in a casino. That means prices are high! Expect the $10 range for a burger and the $13 range for a salad. They have a captive audience and they know it. They send out coupons to locals so that's why I eat here once in a while.Check out the dessert case by the register for some good pastries that aren't (surprisingly) way overpriced. I have a hard time resisting them. They also serve my favorite: Illy coffee!
5	We must have been lucky in our timing.  We were seated within 5-10 minutes and had a delicious meal of fish tacos and a yummy burger.  We loved our meal and decided to come more often since we live close-by.  Everyone around us seemed to be enjoying their meals.  My friend and I commented during our meal that this Cafe must have a great chef!
4	This place saves me every Friday night. After a late workout there not much else open at 2am. And for $5.99 the Steak and Eggs is just what the body needs.
4	Got an egg, spinach and goat cheese omelet with hash browns and wheat toast.  It was OK, I don't expect much when it comes to breakfast.  The omelet was big and filled with a lot of stuff but my hash brown was runny.  The coffee was very light where I can practically see through it.  Since  Starbucks doesn't offer the breakfast sandwiches, I was stuck going to this place. It was OK, I didn't mind it.
4	Been here two times and each time was a great experience. Great atmosphere, and especially greater prices if you are a boarding pass member, you get a special menu after midnight which has dirt cheap deals. Me and the fiance got a NY steak/eggs, short stack of pancakes, a country fried steak, toast, and sodas for less than $20. We tipped more than 20% because the service was pretty good and we took a table for an hour and ordered specials.Please note that this should be considered far from fine dining, so please don't barge in expecting a five star restaurant with all the accommodations. If you take it for what it is, then you'll be satisfied and your wallet will thank you.Alfredo was our server tonight. He was very nice, and never let our drinks empty.
2	This is going to be short and sweet.  Average-ish food and lower than average service.
4	Huge T-Bone Steak for $9.99. Its was pretty good. I tried my daughters pancakes and eggs and pretty damn good too. Been here 3 times around 10am and there was no line. All I have to say is Great service and food.
4	Get breakfast!!! Bananas foster french toast was amazing! Great presentation and taste
4	Have been here a few times now, both for dinner and for breakfast.  Huge servings, reasonable price around $10/person per entree, except for over night shifts. Overnight breakfast is around $2.Will certainly recommend.  Like steak, try the $10 steak dinner!
2	We were hungry and this was the only place open.  I got the chicken fried steak and eggs.  It was just okay.  Good late nite option, but don't expect anything stellar.
2	Was not too impressed with the food. Spaghetti was soggy and T-bone steak was burnt. Potato was hard. The waiter did not  smile at all. He was slow in bringing a refill on the drinks. Then I had my daughter with me to he places a hot plate in front her and tells her it's hot!! Well duh!!! The girls gonna touch it.
4	We've been here several times for breakfast and dinner and the food is always very consistent and good.  Nothing seems to blow us away as exceptional, but for good, consistent food when we are not sure what we want to eat, we come to Grand Cafe and it is always good!  I love the Waffle Breakfast Plate as super good, and the dinners are also good.  Good sized portions, we never leave hungry.
2	Hidden due to construction, look hard to find location. Service could have been better, waitress needs to be more upbeat and cheerful.
1	Went here couple times. I had fried chicken and it was not yummy at all.. I did not finish my food and even throw up when I got home.. Last time I was there ! My shrimps were burnt and I can't even eat them because it hurt my mouth, its  too hard! I'm never eating here ever. Food took so long ....
3	This was my first time at the Grand Cafe at the Red Rock Casino. It was lunchtime on a Saturday and there was a bit of a line. A hostess was walking the line asking how many were in each party. But the line was so long as was her list of numbers, I don't know how she gathered any useful information and, of course, we were asked how many when we reached the front of the line anyway. We weren't given a choice of "booth or table" and we ended up at a small table near the door to the kitchen. That turned out to be a stroke of luck....because when our drinks arrived--a soda and a coffee--I was not given a straw and hubby had no spoon to stir his coffee. We couldn't flag down a server, so my husband simply walked to the kitchen door and hollered in for the needed utensils! After quite a wait for our food, my Corned Beef and Swiss Cheese sandwich finally came.....without the Swiss Cheese. But it was easier this time to wave down our server--he was at a nearby table apologizing to them for some negligence! Once the missing cheese was replaced, I will say that the sandwch was quite tasty and the side of mushroom soup was very, very good. I left feeling satisfied with the food, but the customer service definitely knocked off a few stars!
4	I ate here after browsing around the new Downtown Summerlin shopping mall, which is conveniently located right across the street from the Red Rock Hotel & Casino. Despite living in Vegas for the past 8 years, I've never eaten here.The aesthetics of the cafe were pretty well done. The cafe didn't feel dirty at all. It felt "premium."I was pleasantly surprised to learn that there was a $9.99 T-bone steak special. We got two of those, plus the daily special of stuffed pork chops and a cheeseburger. The steaks came with mashed potatoes and assorted vegetables and were cooked to medium rare perfectly. The stuffed pork chops came with mashed potatoes and green beans. The burger came with fries.All of the food was pretty good. Nothing tasted frozen (except the fries, which obviously were). The portions were pretty big.When we got there, our waitress was attentive. When our waters came without lemons like I asked, she noticed and quickly got lemons to us.However, I do have to dock them 1 star because I asked for a baked potato for my steak, but I got mashed potatoes. I didn't want to make a big deal since I like them both. They would have probably corrected the mistake had I told them about it.If the cafe still has the specials, especially the T-bone steak special, I'll keep coming.
4	The food and ambience were great and relaxing.  The "early mary" Bloody Mary is phenomenal and they will happily make it to your level of preferred spiciness. The eggs Benedict ($11-ish) and salmon Benedict ($13-ish) were tasty, and the coffee is perfect, not too strong.  Although the service of our sever left a little to be desired, the food runner was super friendly and helpful and we enjoyed our experience overall.  The prices are great too!
2	Food was good, however our server was terrible. I pointed at what I wanted and also said it out loud, somehow he got it wrong. He also never came back to check in with us and never refilled our water (until we were about to leave). Out of all the Grand Cafe's I've been to, this is one of the worst and I will not be coming back here.
1	Long story short, it took them more than 4 times to prepare a well done steak. More than 3 times to prepare country hard scrambled eggs. And wasted so much of my time. I no longer had an appetite and was disgusted with the service. Not only did they not care I was unsatisfied with my meal, I paid double what I normally pay since there was no specials. It was all around the worst experience, bad service, and bad food.
1	Don't come here for breakfast. You'll wait 20-30 minutes for your food and the food has no flavor, specifically the hash browns. They are soggy and taste like just an uncooked potato. Denny's has better hash browns. And their eggs Benedict isn't all that great. Hollandaise sauce is flavorless as well. Ask for extra ketchup and drown it in salt and maybe you'll enjoy it.
2	This is not a place I would voluntarily choose to eat. The place is understaffed and employees are undertrained and underwhelmed. We usually order a steak but it's almost always "Meh". If you've got to use your comps in a pinch, eat here.
4	Great for breakfast plates!The reviews on this place aren't the best but I still enjoy it and if there's a long wait you can seat yourself right at the bar which has no wait time at all. It's actually a fun spot to chat with the bartenders who are always great and just enjoy your food. Breakfast is always great here with perfectly crispy bacon, hash browns, fresh eggs and toast that comes with whipped butter and a selection of jellies. I prefer strawberry & lay it on :)The actual restaurant is very pretty with lots of nice details & yes it's always busy especially in the evenings. I always say that's a good sign. The service is good and I wouldn't say they are the fastest so don't come here if you're in a rush. I prefer to enjoy myself & take my time...Overall it's a great place with a good traditional menu and the prices aren't too bad. I come here all the time to grab breakfast for dinner.
