5	I needed a dozen roses and I didn't have a lot of time. The roses were awesome and the service was great. Will be back.
5	This place is my go to for flowers for any occasion. The owners are really nice too and take the time to talk to you on a personable level. I have frequented this location often and they do a great job on short notice and provide great service, fast delivery, and beautiful arrangements. Best part of it all....my gf likes them too (maybe because shes the one getting the flowers)
5	I picked Garden of Eden for my wedding flowers for two reasons, they are the florist for my church and Kathy and Sharon are sooooooo nice!!!!  Kathy did my consultation. She was so helpful, being a not do it yourself bride at all i needed all the help i could get!!! I didn't see my flowers til the day of my wedding and i was head over heals in love with them, it was like Kathy was in my brain seeing what i wanted to do with the pink and white lilies, hydrangeas, peach and antique colored roses, and alistromeria.
5	I was skeptical in choosing which local florist to go to. Boy I am glad that I have found garden of eden! The product that you deliver is high quality. I have used 1800 flowers for over ten years and I have to admit, their roses does not compare to yours. Thank you again for making my wife happy on our anniversary. I will be looking forward to dealing with you for future occasions
5	I was very pleased with my service. I called to order an arrangement for a funeral and it was delivered the same day. The arrangement was beautiful and very reasonably priced. They didn't try to up sale me anything. I would definitely use them again.
5	Beautiful flowers. Owned by sisters who are very knowledgeable. Created unique wedding arrangements. Reasonably priced. Let me choose exactly the colors I wanted. A very happy bride.
5	Absolutely fantastic customer service, they were extremely pleasant and made a great personal connection with me as their customer. The roses were absolutely beautiful and arranged perfectly; I would recommend them to anyone that I know with 100% confidence.
2	I'm only giving them 2 stars because from the outside the shop looks nice. But what I don't like about this place is their false advertising. On their door and on their voicemail they said they'd be open on NYE until 1pm. I am here 25 minutes before then and they aren't. I drove out of my way specifically to come here and they aren't there. These types of careless mistakes can cost you customers and better yet negative review reporting.This type of thing shouldn't happen. Although it might be a little mistake it was careless and it just costed them an angry customer.
