5	She's an artiste! So glad I found her, my eyebrows are perfection.
4	New to town I found Melissa through all her great reviews online.  True to what everyone said she was really nice.  She instantly put me at ease and talked me through some of the most painful parts.  I like how she uses hard wax in the most sensitive areas.  It definitely hurts less than strip wax.  The only thing that I wasn't super happy about were the prices.  I'm not sure what the prices are at other places but her prices were higher than I'm used to (and I've lived in LA and Seattle).  Other than that I'd definitely recommend her.  She definitely provides top notch service!
4	I live in Los Angeles but am in Vegas often. I made an appointment for an eyebrow and brazilian wax with Melissa and she rocks! She's super friendly and makes an otherwise semi-uncomfortable experience, comfortable. I definatley recommend her to everyone and will be back. Her prices are comparable to the places I have been to in LA. I'm so glad I listened to the reviews on Yelp and found her!
5	I went to "Love to Wax" to get a brazilian wax. It was my first time ever getting it done, I was terrified. Right away Melissa made me feel so comfortable, she was very nice and did an amazing job. I would definitely recommend her to anyone I know. I think her prices are great, I don't think it is too high; she does a great job!
5	So it was that time of the month again (No, not THAT time of the month!, LOL). I was due for a waxing. I moved here to Vegas about a month and a half ago, so I started to read various online reviews to help me decide where I could go to get a Brazilian wax. I found that most places charge the same price, which is $65. I used to only pay $50 when I lived in California, but oh well, can't complain if it's something that you need to get done, right? I decided to make an appointment with Melissa because she had a 5 star rating and great reviews about her business online.I'm so glad that I found her! I have only seen 2 other aestheticians in the past, but this has really been THE BEST waxing experience I have ever had!! I'm no expert on the different kinds of wax that are out there, but I liked the one that she used because it hurt way less than what I was used to. Even when she used the tweezers to pull out some hairs, it didn't seem to hurt too much. Melissa is very sweet and friendly, and she took the time to explain a few things to me.I am very happy with the results!! In the past, it used to hurt even after my appointment. But not this time, which is amazing!! I highly recommend Melissa! You won't be disappointed. I will definitely be back again in few weeks!
5	I only trust my eyebrows to Melissa. I have visited numerous salons in Las Vegas over the years and she is by far the best I have encountered!
5	Melissa is the best!! Ive been going to her sporadically for a year now for Brazilians, she is very good at making you feel comfortable in that not-so-comfortable situation. She does very good work, and is really informative, and clearly knows her stuff. Recently I had my eyebrows done by Melissa for the first time and I was so impressed. I'm a little bit crazy about my eyebrows (they have to match, have the right arch and so on..) she understood my craziness, and talked to me about what she was doing, and the end product was perfection! Melissa is a pro, and she is so fun and easy to talk to, love her!
5	Melissa is amazing!!! Great for first-time Brazilians or waxing veterans. So professional and makes the whole process perfect and painless. I am already looking forward to my next visit. Thank you so much!!
5	I went to Melissa for the first time and I was super pleased with the service. I have been growing my eyebrows out for a year now since the previous person I saw waxed them too thin. I was a little bit nervous to get them waxed again but after I read all the great reviews she has on here I figured "why not" I can always grow them again for another year if I really have to. She was super nice and very helpful, she even gave me advice on what I could do to help speed up the growth process for my eyebrows since they were being so stubborn in some areas.It only cost me $20 for an eyebrow reshaping, a price I'd gladly pay again to have matching eyebrows.  I will be visiting her again when my eyebrows need to be put back into shape, and I hope you give her a try to!
5	I have only trusted one other person when it comes to waxing, and sadly, they are located in California. I have been through it all when it comes to waxing horror stories, so I tend to be very, very cautious before leaving my eyebrows in the hands of a complete stranger. I did some research and saw that Love to Wax! had amazing ratings both on yelp and the main website, so I decided to give it a try.I have been waxing since middle school (so about 9 years now), but this waxing experience was THE BEST I have ever had in my entire life. Melissa is very friendly and keeps the friendly conversation going through the whole experience, keeping your mind off the hair being ripped from your skin. I have zero pain tolerance, but I can honestly say I did not feel a thing! She really knows how to wax well so you feel the least amount of pain possible. Also, she makes sure she understands what you want and does it perfectly. The soothing acoustic music in the background is a great plus too. She is definitely great if it's going to be your first time waxing, or if you are picky like me. She will make you feel 100% comfortable and relaxed. I will definitely be going to Melissa for my waxing needs from now on! **One last note, Yelp has a deal where if you check in 3 times, you can get your next eyebrow wax free! What a deal right? Be sure to check in!
5	I have been going to Melissa for about one year now.  I would never trust anybody else with my brazilian wax!  She is professional, friendly, and very good at what she does!  Every time I see her we catch up like old friends.  I highly recommend her to any nervous first time waxers!  She makes the process so comfortable!  Love Melissa!
5	Ladies, Gents, have no fear your search for the waxing queen is over. I have been seeing Melissa for around 2-3 yrs now & she is truly an eyebrow goddess & the only one who I will let touch anything on my face.  She also has an amazing personality and is super friendly. I swear every appointment I talk her ear off about anything & everything.  You can book online (with extreme ease) and she also sends out reminder emails :)She also carries Cosmedix products - the benefit clean face wash is a must buy! Now get online & book, you won't be sorry!
5	Melissa is the only person I'd recommend to get waxing done. She's amazing. But she's also really nice, probably too nice for her own good, and genuine. She's got a great manner and makes you feel comfortable. She remembers her clients when they come in and will ask about things you've previously talked about. She takes her business seriously and deserves the recognition for it. Don't hesitate to go see her.
5	Melissa is fantastic!  I am in Vegas several times a year and will only go to Melissa.  She is really friendly and makes the whole experience as comfortable as possible.  You can schedule online, which is totally easy.  She also has great hours so you can definitely find something that works with your schedule.  She rents out a room in a hair salon, so no walk-ins.  But with the ease of scheduling, you shouldn't have to.  Her website is also iphone friendly, so you can book from wherever.  Once you go to Melissa, you will never go anywhere else!
5	Melissa and her work is AMAZING. She is super passionate about her job and it shows. She is the kind of person you love the first time you get a service by her and never want to go anywhere else:)
5	I consider myself picky, especially when it comes to someone ripping hair off my face with hot wax and I think Melissa is the best waxing specialist in town. (I've experienced shoddy service, uneven brows or crazy allergic reactions at a few local spots that were considered "the best". ) Melissa can create the perfect arch and she takes great pride in her work. Her new location is by Thomas Dermatology off Post Rd and it's a cozy clean space. It's also easy make an appt online. I highly recommend I Love to Wax.
5	Melissa is truly one of the best waxing artists I have ever had the pleasure of meeting and doing business with. I am VERY particular when it comes to brazilian waxes, I've tried out my share of places around the valley, and Melissa is, hands down, the best! She takes her time, has breathing techniques that lessen the pain (in which I honestly felt very minimal to none!), and gets it all! You're not a customer when you see Melissa, you are a guest. I highly recommend her & will definitely be returning!!
5	Just moved to Vegas from CA and I am very very picky about waxing. My eyebrows are very fine and thin so it takes a very talented person to shape them just right. Melissa is a true eyebrow artist! I went to her new location, which is very cute and inviting and she did a great job on my eyebrows. Her online appointment booking service is also very easy and convienient.
5	Finding TRUE eyebrow experts is hard these days. I went to the same lady in Artesia(Little India) for many years where she threaded my brows. I was hesitant to get mine waxed bc I have dry and sensitive skin, but I needed someone who could actually shape my brows, so after reading the reviews, I gave Melissa a shot. She spends a lot of time and attention on your brows. I was expecting three pulls of wax and done, not the case. She is extremely precise with her waxing. She then proceeds to go over what she did and then fills them in!! Yes!!!! She is amazing. I always fill my brows but I love that she teaches people to fill them in. It makes you look so much younger when they're filled in! She was actually able to get my brows to fairly similar shape, which has never happened before bc they are two totally different shapes(which the threaders always point out to me : / )Price- now $20 may seem pricey if you are like me and need your brows done at least every two weeks, HOWEVER, after my first appt, my brows looked completely groomed for a full 6 weeks after with just minor tweezing here and there. I made the mistake of not making submitting my appt online and was desperate to get them done, went to "...r us" and she completely botched my brows : (   Nothing Melissa can't fix I'm sure. Word if advice, plan ahead. There's a reason she's booked out a few days ahead, she's that good! And very sweet too!!!
5	Melissa is amazing hands down!! She was the only person I went to get waxed while I lived in Vegas.  I had been getting waxed for about four years prior to go to her, and our first session sold me! She was so sweet and took her time with me.  She was the first person to take on my barely there eyebrows.  She helped me to see even ladies who have very thin eyebrows can have a shape and redefine your face! I only got to visit her new place once before I moved, but what a fantastic waiting room! Overall, if you are nervous about waxing or shaping your eyebrows please give Melissa a chance to show you her amazing talents!!
2	I just moved here from California and was looking for a great eyebrow lady.  I am an entertainer and looking good is very important. I arrived at her location and her door was locked.  She didn't answer her phone.  I knocked, and no one answered.  It was getting late and I assumed she just wasn't going to show up.  She finally opened the door to let out another client.  On my follow up appointment, I got a little lost and was 10 minutes late.  As soon as I walked up to the door she was waiting for me to let me know she would not be taking me because I was late and would have to reschedule.  I would have understood her policy, had she held herself to that same standard or at the very least, valued my time as much as hers.  My eyebrows were okay. I'll continue my search elsewhere.  However, I was extremely dissatisfied with her lack of professionalism.
5	Melissa is wonderful!  She is so kind and caring and she keeps my eyebrows looking perfect.  She also whisks away all the other troublesome hair on my lip and armpits.  Then I treat myself to a relaxing facial from her able hands.  Heaven!
5	It was my 1st time doing a Brazilion wax and I was nervous and terrified from the horror stories I've heard. Melissa was amazing! She made me feel comfortable and it hardly hurt at all which was surprising! She is the only person I will go to! I even booked my next 3 appointments before I left. She is truly the best and you can see that she truly cares about her customers. Go see her for your waxing needs. I promise you will not be disappointed! The best kept secret in Vegas for sure!
5	If there is such a thing as a waxing goddess then Melissa is it! From the moment I met her 3 years ago I have NEVER let another person do my Brazilian or eyebrow waxing. She is so gentle and makes every appointment feel like you're out with a girlfriend chatting about life! All of my friends go to her and they just rave about how amazing she is. I think what I love the most is no matter how many times I have seen her, at each appointment she asks me what I'm looking for that day which just shows how considerate she is and understanding that people may be looking for something different at each appointment. I always leave feeling amazing! If you are looking for the most gentle, caring and skilled waxing person in Vegas look no further than Love to Wax! I promise you will never look back!
5	Melissa is the best. She just knows how to relax people. I live in Louisville, Ky and I work out here part of the year. She was recommended by a friend and after going to her once, I just wait till I come out here to get my waxing done. She also offers multiple other services and you can schedule everything online. If you've been thinking about trying Brazilian waxing, jump in and try it with Melissa. You will not be disappointed with her service or her personality. Also, I am plus sized so don't let that stop you from coming in and getting it lined up with Melissa.
5	Melissa was absolutely amazing today!! i love my new arched brows!! looks like i found my new eyebrow lady!
