3	This is another one of those border Scottsdaley all $ goes into the looks of it with giant tiki men and fire at the entrance to the giant fish tank with expensive fish in it. There is a pool table or 2 and a small patio live music and either karake or dancing wknds. Mainly this is where older folks go to cut loose, the food was nothing to recall the only thing worth going is their giant volcano bowl drinks but I wouldn't go out of my way for them. The bar can get crazy and it can be hard to even get drink's here. This place may be a fun early dinner if you have kid's after dinner this turns into what we call an OPH=old people hangout sorry Joe.
2	I went to a bachelorette party here, a couple weekends ago. It was held there because the bride really likes the Crown Kings, a local band, and they were playing there. So, we reserved a 'surfboard' for our party of 20... which apparently does not come with enough seats for 20, even though we told them we planned to eat. After arriving, we were told a few times that it would be hard to get seats because they were a) remodeling and b) the new chairs were being held up in customs. Uh, ok. We ended up taking turns sitting on the seats we were able to beg, borrow or steal. The food was mediocre (chicken with some kind of jalapeno sauce that wasn't a sauce and more of a blackened crust - super salty), and we had some pretty long waits in between rounds. Kind of amazing, when considering there was a whole table full of women looking to get drunk - easy money, right? While the band wasn't my taste, the sound system was really good (translate: go outside and close the doors if you want to hear anyone else talk) and the bathrooms were relatively clean. The place was packed with a 30's-to-60's crowd. On the positive side, the guys behind the bar pour generously. A rum and coke is more like rum and a splash of coke coloring. If you do happen to go, the frozen mango something with vodka is really good. The dance floor is full of friendly drunks, and the bouncers are quick to kick any fighters to the curb. (Yep, this did happen.) I doubt I will be back here. This was (I think) my 3rd visit, with the previous one being about 5 years ago, and the only one where I actually ate anything. Not impressed... with the decent location and kind of cool decor, it could be so much better.
5	OPH how can I 'splain it? Someone called this OPH which stands for "Old People Hangout." Oh contraire mon fraire. There were a hand full of people in their late 20's. Ok...pretty much everyone here was in their 40's or 50's. Lots of divorcees here. So if you're a young single stud...cougar season is year round. This bar provided my first glimpse at a couple getting freaky to a U2 song. Where the Streets have no name will never be the same. Tip the bathroom attendant. I did..after I grabbed my 3rd lollipop. The cover band performing was in their 6th year in Cave Creek? Might be time to get out guys. You blew my mind when you dropped the parents just don't understand line. Wow. 32 ounce beers are dope. Oh and some dude tried to pull my brother-in-law's sweater strings. So my brother-in-law gave him a titty twister. I watched this in a drunken stupor. Don't worry I was gonna step in when they started tickling each other and thumb wrestling.
1	Let me start by saying that each and every time I get suckered/dragged into going here, it reaffirms my vitriol hatred for this "establishment". You know how as a man or woman(I assume) you size up people in the place and inevitably you hate those of the same sex for some reason or another? No, just me? OK then. Well, here I hate both sexes just as equally! I am not sure I can really even put my finger on it. Maybe it is the shear desperation that is on everyone's face as the night starts to wind down and the women get drunker and the men lamer. The bar is filled with 40-60 year old men and women, who are looking for someone for the night. It is dark in the place so it is really hard to tell just how old some of the women are in this place. It could make for an interesting story I guess. There really isn't one redeeming quality about Cocomo's. Maybe I just have my Haterade before I go to this place? Who knows. Skip it!
3	We went on a Saturday night. Started with dinner - which was above average in quality. They serve simple plates of American and Mexican food. The band started as we were finishing dinner - "Easton Ashe" and they are an excellent cover band. The place was full by 10pm - we had a couple drinks and left to meet some friends elsewhere. Overall my first impression was good - as far as the older crowd goes - I didn't see many 20 somethings (kind of refreshing), I didn't see father-time either... mostly 30-50yr olds... Tom Chambers (Suns) was there hanging out...We will be back to investigate further :)
4	I like this place.  I haven't eaten recently, but I remember their food being very good.  Never had a complaint about the drinks.  It's a fun place to hang out with a group of friends and do a little dancing while watching the band.  It's more chill than a "club" and more fun that a normal restaurant.  Which band is playing makes a big difference.  I saw that Easton Ashe recently, they are very good and not too hard on the eyes either, which is always an added bonus!  As for being an OPH crowd.....I mostly go here to hang with friends and I'll admit that since I'm not looking to pick anyone up I don't really pay attention.  But we're in our 20s... So.... Not sure about the cougar theory?
1	Next time I want to party with my mom this is where I will go, because every single person in there aside from the people at my table were old enough to be my parents. And most of them were apparently swingers.. Lovely. 50+ year old husband/wife swappers looking to score.. The mental pictures are scarring my mind. Excuse me while I barf.Anyway a few friends met up here to watch some football and drink some cheap beer. Who knew it would turn into Beerfestival 2009 accompanied by way too many shots of Jameson. I think this is the only way we all could stand the atmosphere. To top it off the food was not good at all, my Chicken Chimi tasted a little bit like vomit and the sampler was pretty much a roasted pineapple slice with a mound of hard potato strings and 3 overcooked shrimp on skewers growing out of it. To top it off, I was in the ladies room with 25 cougars and a mouse ran across the floor.. imagine 25 half naked 50 year old women bouncing up and down, arms flailing and screaming at the top of their lungs.. because that is what was going on. Ridiculous. I will only go back here if Georgie S. drags me here again for drunken football debauchery.. otherwise, count me out.
2	Cooooouuuuggggaaaarrssss..... here cougar, cougar.....Botox: CheckFakies: Check (including my own)Vaginal Rejuvenation: CheckIt gets worse... yes, can you imagine???Affliction: CheckFaux-Hawks: CheckOverbearing Cologne: CheckNow that I think of it, this is probably a perfect match: Women significantly past their prime and the douchebags of society waiting to pray off of them...I shouldn't judge; I really shouldn't... I may end up here in 26 years when I am at the equivalent age of the majority demographic. In fact, thank god this place exists otherwise we may have to worry about the douchebags and douchebaguettes (credit, Dallas G.) infiltrating our beloved downtown favorites. 2 stars for the mojitos and wasabee dipping sauce.Meeeeoooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
3	Slow service and for such a big place terrible draft selection was disappointed. Great atmosphere and right down the road from me so that's why the 3 stars but upgrade that draft selection also I ordered a Joes beach burger MR and it came out raw still mowing
5	I feel like I have to defend Cocomos from some of the poor reviews on here. It is what it is first of all, its a bar/restaurant (technically in Cave Creek, but closer to being in N Scottsdale, but even closer to being in the middle of nowhere)...C'mon, its all the way up at Dynamite & Tatum and that far north there ain't much selection. There's nothing around it for miles. Everything N of the 101 is older crowd (30-60). That's just a demographic of being in the high(er) rent district. Most 20 yr olds cant afford to live up there and nobody is gonna drive up there w the insane DUI laws. So, if you are surprised that Cocomos is full of middle aged people its because you don't get out much or its because you are home from college and staying at your parents house or maybe you are visiting your grandparents. If you are surprised that ANY bar is full of Cougars or cheesy men you also don't get out much! If you are surprised that drinks in N Scottsdale are "expensive" you don't get out much. Funny, I saw someone complain that drinks were expensive but they also said the bartenders pour them strong. You cant have it both ways. I'd rather pay an extra $1 for my drink and have it be strong than save $1 and watch the bartender use a damn jigger. Also, my wife drinks wine there because they free-pour big glasses and don't use those sh*tty little 5.5oz measuring cups that most places pour and set next to your wine glass these days! The good: Live Music! Good/Decent live music! No Cover! In this part of town - unheard of! The good: Happy Hour! $2 Corona, Corona Lite, 1/2 price apps, $1 street tacos! The good: tons of TVs; not 1 but 2 nice patios; 3 pool tables; huge horseshoe bar; nice dining area or eat at the bar; bathroom attendants; lots of free parking; huge glass walls that open during nice weather. The good: COUGARS! My single buddies LOVE Cocomos! Since when are cougars a bad thing (unless the review is being left by some 25 yr old homely looking chick who is pissed that the bartender went home with the hot 45 yr old instead)!??? Got news for ya sister, you ain't gonna have much of a chance down in the valley at your crappy Applebees happy hour either. Trade in the bar stool for a treadmill and check back in 6 months. We go for Happy Hour and its a great deal. We go sometimes to party and see the bands and its always fun. In general we have had pretty good service at the bar although they kind of go thru a shift change in the middle of it and it can get kinda spotty at times. We have had GREAT service from the waitresses on almost every occasion that there hasn't been a seat at the bar. We ALWAYS try to sit at the bar wherever we go out, but we actually don't mind sitting at the hi- tops at Cocomo's cuz the girls take great care of us. You get the Happy Hour deals at the tables too unlike some places where you only get it at the bar and the bar is full so you sit 5 feet away and have to pay regular price.  I never understood that sh*t.I have never seen a fight or anything which is strange with live music and pool tables, but there are several bouncers just in case. The girls dance in front of the band. The place is big, clean, well decorated, nice sound system, an actual stage for the band. Good beers on tap. Nice crowd. Free Wi-Fi.If its a weekend night and there is a band you probably wont get a table and may have slower service....DUH.If you dont like Cocomos you can go somewhere else, but you will find that there is either nothing else around there or that anything within 5 miles is full of an even older crowd, twice as expensive and twice as boring.  Your only alternative is Desert Ridge, so if you prefer you can go there and hang out at TGI Fridays with the 20 yr olds and drink vodka redbulls and talk about tattoos and skateboards. lol
2	A cool place to chill, relax with friends and have a drink or three on a Friday night but the food left a little bit to be desired. I Ordered the Fish Tacos (Being From Southern California I've eaten my share of both good and bad), when the arrived I noticed that the portion was good, the presentation was visually appealing with three tacos stacked atop mixed greens with a side of what LOOKED like mango salsa and a smal bucket of still warm, fresh cut potato chips. On 1st bit I noted that the texture was good, nice crunchy greens, warm soft tortillia and fish that....wait...where was the fish? There seemed to be a lack of fish, so I opened up all three and noticed that there was VERY little fish served with a GOOD bit of roughage and some sort of pinkish sauce that had the look and texture of 1000 Island dressing....Where was the Beloved white sauce and light, flaky fish that MAKES this dish a HIT? So If you are looking for a cool place to hang out and have a drink no problem, if your looking for tasty, authentic fish tacos...you've come to the wrong place. (I WILL say that the burgers, onion rings and hot wings LOOKED pretty damned authentic and tasty)
2	The first time I went here was as the guest of my cousin for her work X Mas party. She is a grade school teacher as were the rest of the attendees, so to say this was pretty low key is an understatement. It was a great time though and the food was pretty tasty. The staff was attentive and the atmosphere was really enjoyable. This positive experience, however, really set me up for disappointment when I decided to meet some friends here for a regular bar evening on Friday. First off, I thought swingers bars were only the subject of crazy mishaps and investigations on CSI and Law and Order. Turns out, they really exist and this is it!It was the bar's 10 year anniversary so there was free champagne, a live band (they were actually really good) and tons of 40+ year old cougars on the prowl. I spent most of my evening on the patio as to hopefully not catch anything but a draft of wind, if ya know what I mean. Unfortunately, after the third request to turn the heaters on, the waitress informed us that all but two heaters on the patio were broken. Guess they were just there for show or to create the illusion of warmth, like the fire pit that didn't actually work. I was told by a fellow patron that this was a swingers bar at which point I thought he was making fun of all middle aged people on the dance floor bumpin and grindin (I still can't get these images out of my head). On my way to the bathroom though, this sentiment was confirmed. A very friendly and intoxicated woman walking in front of me pointed to a door and said "I have seen no less than 8 couple bang (she used another 4 letter word, but let's try to keep it clean here folks) in there". She then proceeded to tell me that Cocomo Joes's and her husband cheated on her after they frequented the bar for the last 5 years of their marriage when they were in an "open" relationship. I felt bad for a moment until she blurted out "all is forgiven now that I found my sugar daddy here". She wasn't kidding.Although I got quite the kick out of the people watching, I can only pray that this isn't me in 20 years. I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're into that sort of swinger thing...
5	Very good food. I'm 33. I didn't find that old of people here. I brought my kids. They had a great time.
3	This place is great if you have an AARP card. Cougars???? I think not. more like Camels and Lamas. The bar it self is cool though I guess.
2	I recently had dinner at Cocomos and wasn't exactly disappointed, but I wasn't really pleased, either. I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and decor, but the food was lacking. It seems like I remember it being much better in the past, but now it's completely forgettable. We had the Nachos as an appetizer, which were good - how do you mess up nachos? I had the coconut shrimp, which was overcooked. The dipping sauce was supposed to be guacamole based, but it tasted mostly like sour cream so I skipped it. The veggies as the side order came out colder than the rest of the food, and were limp and mushy. The seasoning was overbearing, as all the flavor had been cooked out of the vegetables. One person had the cheeseburger, which they said was delicious, loaded with greens, and cooked perfectly to her order. Another person had the fish and chips, and the fish was over cooked and chewy. Both of them raved about the french fries. Another person had the catfish, which was over salted. It was served with rice, and for some reason I guess we were expecting white rice - but it came out with Mexican style fried rice - which just threw us off, I suppose. The menu just said "rice," though, so who knows. She had the same complaint about the veggies as I did. The last person order the Enchiladas Two Ways, which actually comes with three enchiladas. He said they were okay but nothing very special. It seems like they've trimmed their menu as I remember more items in the past - and they were delicious. Maybe they are focusing more on "bar food" type items, which is fine, but even those weren't executed very well. We all left full, but not satisfied. The service was mediocre...she was pleasant, but did the bare minimum to get by. The place wasn't that busy so I'm surprised she wasn't a little more attentive. I've been there later at night when it's a bar scene, and it's fine. Once again, nothing special. I've always seen a vast mix of different types of people there later at night - it always makes things interesting. There are plenty of places to eat that offer better food and service though - even if you're just looking for bar fare.
2	The only reason I used to come here is one of my favorite bands used to play here.Thank God they don't anymore.Overpriced drinks, weird (not in the good way) mix of people.Never really liked the food.And not worth the bitchy behavior of some of the more mature female patrons...
4	Had lunch here with a friend a few weeks ago. I had never been. My friend suggested we have the wings philly style, i believe. I was impressed by them. We also shared the chicken ceaser wrap which I thoroughly enjoyed. The fries were a bit of a bust, flavorless. Overall, I liked the atmosphere and layout of the place. Lunch during the week was not busy and I prefer it that way!
2	The night i went to this was on a saturday and it was a old crowd. If that's how it is on a Saturday night. Then that's probably the norm for that place. It's not a bad place to go to if you wanna find a cougar or a milf. Or a sugardaddy for you ladies out there. (or men, However you get down). I did like the live band that was playing there, Party Mcfly. Nice Back to the Future play on words.
4	This restaurant has a sports bar atmosphere with a tropical theme. Upon entering, one can enjoy the colorful fish in the saltwater fish acquarium. A hostess is often available to greet and seat patrons to seating inside or several outdoor choices.There are some 20 televisions in the restaurant if one came to enjoy a sporting event while dining. The food is American and Mexican. Portions are generous and usually quite tasty. There appears to have been some changes in management/ownership over the years and the food quality has varied from time to time. On our last visit service was good and the food quite tasty.This is a neighborhood bar and grill that is handy to residents North of Desert Ridge on Tatum and south of Cave Creek Road. The atmosphere is always fun on evenings when the locals are out for food and drink. Give the place a try.
2	I was here from 8pm to 11:30pm on a Saturday night.  The joint was crowded and mostly mid 30s on up with a few younger scattered in.  A local cover band was playing.  They were terrible but most seemed too drunk or too busy dancing to care.Service was slow, slow, slow.  I've never waiting so long for one beer.  No one was rude but there's no excuse for the lack of promptness.  It was busy, yes, but I've seen places just as or more busy and had an easier time getting drinks.I tried the nachos and enchiladas.  The nachos were really good but the enchiladas were mediocre.  Better than what I could make on my own but you'll find better at any restaurant.Cocomo Joe's has a lot of televisions and I was able to watch the Coyotes game.  It seems like it could be a good location to watch football on Sunday.  I'm guessing the atmosphere is decidedly different during the day than at night.  During the day it's probably a decent place to catch a game.  If I'm invited back on a Saturday night, I will pass.
1	I've tried this place over the last couple of years. And, having moved within about a minute of the place was hoping that my last couple of visits would be improved upon but... to no avail. This place still suffers from lack of real professional food management in several areas. The food still ranks a 3-4 on the 1-10 yummie scale. The drinks are about 3% alcohol and 97% mix.  And of course it always turns me off when you stick to the dried "something" on the vinyl seats or sit down to a dirty table. The staff definitely needs better training in clearing a table.I tried this place twice since moving down the street in hopes that it could become a new hangout. WRONG. For dinner, the Mai Tai was literally 99% pineapple juice and maybe, MAYBE they sat it next to the rum for a minute but beyond that... not a well made drink. Probably made it a "virgin" for a 9 year old or something.The fish and chips were miserable. The batter on the fish was not light and  crispy but spongy and burned tasting - as if the oil was last changed for the New Year's party seven months ago. The "chips" were some thin product made of potatoes but were tasteless and limp from the same bad grease.The waitresses (we had two for some reason so one must have been in training although both seemed just as incompetent) were dressed in some weird combination of bad party wear and beach rejects. Quality places should have some sort of professional dress code to maintain the overall image of the concept, not a fashion free for all - even in casual places.I'm no snob and have eaten in 5 stars and dives from Hawaii to Maine but... i like to feel like the food was actually prepared by someone who could at least spell food and served with some fun and care. I like the food to be tasty and resemble the type of concept i'm visiting and worth the money i'm spending - no matter how much.i might give this place one more try but the last three visits have yielded the same mediocre experiences... after all... desperate people do desperate things.
2	Location - Norscow - Check.  Layout -Bar, tables, patio, creek, etc - Check.  Clientele with plenty of liquid funding - Check.So the structure is in place for something great.Problem is that they appear to be striving for average.  The drinks, the food, the cleanliness, the wait staff.  Hit or miss at best.Not gonna lie, had a good a time here with a friend, but we tend to make the most of any situation.  Easton Ashe is a quality Phoenix cover unit that made for a fun evening, but even they seemed to have a sense of the mediocrity syndrome going around the place.I am guessing this is a management issue.  Time to step back and take a look at how you improve the total experience for the customer.Hopeful to update soon with a better rating.
4	Go to their happy hour at least twice a week. Eat their $1 chicken burritos. And, of course chips and salsa. Brittany is usually our waiter and she's always very friendly.
5	I don't understand why so many people are writing such bad reviews about this place. I have been coming here since 09', every time that Iv'e been here I have loved it! Great food, great happy hour & a family friendly atmosphere during the day into the evening.There is a vast mixture of people which is cool. Ya you get some cougars but it's boarder line Scottsdale people what do you expect? FYI  "cougar" is a compliment, better than a bunch of fat old ladies right?I honestly really like this place, I have not been approached by the so called "swinger couples" that everyone else is talking about lol.The staff is really laid back, yet attentive. Saturday nights are a little over bearing for my taste,"most of the time" very busy, dancing & a lot of gawking men, yet this has nothing to do with the place itself.Sunday nights are laid back, they have karaoke @ 9. I love it here on Sunday nights, not so crowded and usually a younger crowd.So overall this place has everything that a great bar should have, so I give it 2 thumbs up! ; )
3	music can be a lot of fun. food not so good
5	Great place to hang out. Great friendly Karaoke on Wednesdays and Sundays, with fast singer rotation. Good drink prices. Fun local bar.
5	I have been come a weekly regular here and haven't been disappointed once. The Pittsburgh wings are seriously amazing! I've also tried many other things on the menu and everything is very tasty. You get chips and salsa once your seated and the salsa is very fresh and authentic. They have an affordable lunch menu with lots of options for around$8. The atmosphere is nice during the day. Very cute decor! By the looks, I'm sure it is pretty cool in the evening too. The service could be a little slow at times during the lunch rush, but due to the food quality they still deserve a big 5 star to me!
1	I give up.A friend suggested meeting here for lunch this week. I reluctantly said yes. We were the first ones in. We went to the right and up the few steps to find a table. EVERYONE had dirty chairs and tables with crumbs, obviously from the night before. If i was desperate, there might have been enough food around to make a meal.After looking at each other we decided to try one of the high tops down in the bar area. OK, the chairs were clean and the table top looked clean so we sat. Since there were two of us at a four place, i went to move the salt and pepper out of the way. Not an easy chore since the salt was stuck to the table. Breaking it loose and moving on to move the small appetizer plates, they were stacked for four.The top three slide off, the bottom one stuck to the table. The table had that sticky "someone almost tried to clean it off" feeling to it.To the waitress' credit, after mentioning the upper chairs and tables she got a towel and went to clean them off after telling us it must have been the night crew's mistake - WELL DUH!Again, there's no management at this place. If they would clean up, improve the inconsistent food and get it together, they might do more biz. Maybe they need to call in Restaurant Impossible, OR... just ask their customers. We could all tell them a few things... those of us that care.As a note, it was my friend's first time there wanting to try it. She said she'd never be back. . Maybe my standards for cleanliness and good food are higher than some others but... I always tell it like i see it. ...I give up, I'm done with this hole
4	I love this place it's just down the road from our house and it's a great place to hang out.  The food is ok but I love kicking back and enjoying the tropical setting.  they have been great to the little league kids and the adults have fun.  It's a great neighborhood bar that you alwyas feel safe in with or without the kids.
2	We went here as a family.  Music was pretty loud and the food was average at best.  We won't go back again it felt more like a college bar and not a place for families.
1	This is NOT a restaurant...this is a bar that serves crappy food.  I have worked in bars and restaurants half my life so maybe my review is harsh, but there are little things that can make people come back even if the place is serving dog food.First you cant beat service....  If the service was better maybe this place is a 2 star.  The "seat yourself" system just does not work....especially because the place is pretty big.  We sat down at a table near the bar (where there were plenty of servers hanging out near the bar....all of whom saw us)  After awhile (I wasnt watching time) I had to flag someone down for service....waitress said ok...."ill be right there".  Never came.  Flagged down another waitress....asked her for menus and asked her if we can order drinks.  Her response "yea...what do ya want"...ordered two margaritas.  Drinks came, but no menus.  Asked again and she seemed pissed off that she had to make another trip (15 ft away).  It seemed like they were just waiting around for it to get busier later on when the bar crowd started picking up and were not really engaged in the people that were there to eat....we weren't the only table looking like they were annoyed with the service.  There was no presence of management anywhere....and you could tell.Next the food!  oh boy the food.  The steak in the steak fajitas was bland and had NO taste...looked like it had been microwaved or was sitting in the window too long.  My gf ordered something that looked like it was one big cheesy mess.  horrible she had maybe 5 bites didnt want to return it because she was being polite.  I could go on but as Im writing this I am just wondering to myself...whats the point.  If this place was only relying on the "restaurant" aspect of this establishment they would be in trouble.Luckily this place has a pretty good bar crowd full of cougars looking for cubs.  If it wasnt for them or the live music...this place wouldnt last too much longer.  Plus it's really the only bar in that area so.....busy by lack of optionsThis place has so much potential....just lacks execution and managementIts the nicest dive bar i've ever been to.  That pretty much sums it upCheers
4	We took the kids there and it wasn't bad.  Lots of locals and I hear lots of MILFs/Cougars on most nights.  It's a typical Burger/Bar.  Nothing remarkable, but not bad either.  If it were closer we would go more.  It's just north a few miles of Desert Ridge, so if during the holidays Desert Ridge is packed and you're looking for decent food a few miles up the road, then stop by.  There are always coupons around in money mailer, Valupak, etc, - so I would look for some too.
4	I have been renovating two homes in the area.. we googled what was in the area and Cocomo's came up.  We walked in... not alot of people... sat at the bar... it was great. I love the tiki atmosphere the most.. something you don't get here in Scottsdale... this place is a long way for me... but we have become frequent flyers here... we came on Sunday between 1-4 and there is a guy on a acoustical guitar- great fun! I order a margarita once and I agree with the posts below.. stick with wine or beer.
3	I was happy with my experience at this place. It's pretty big actually with a good sized bar in the center. They have a dance floor and have bands regularly. They also have some pool tables too. Went during happy hour and got a couple of the street tacos and some chicken sliders. My husband got a few street tacos too. We got 4 mixed drinks and a large beer. Our bill was $41 incl. tip. Not the least expensive place, but still affordable I'd say. I went to this place years ago and they had a shuttle service for people living in the area but I think that service is not available now, too bad, that was cool.Like other reviewers, it's an older crowd so the young 20 year olds may not like it as much, but for me at 35, I thought the mix of ages was good; 30-50.
1	Ive always seen Cocomo Joes on my way to work, and my in-laws wanted to try this place out the other night. We arrived on a friday night around 5:30 to still make happy hour.. Walking up to the door, the two tiki men in the front of the restaurant and the tacky blue door should have been a sign to walk out of this place..The dining room was too dark, I had to use my iphone to read the menu.. The food was gland and not a bit pricey for below average quality food.. our waitress was very nice, however did not clear our plates up at all which left us no room. We were going to sit and talk a little more and get another round of drinks however, decided to wait.Sadly, Will not be returning.
2	it's a nice, big place with indoor and outdoor seating, but the tacos I had that were 'on special' were bland, small and expensive. Service was a bit thready too, though I was here for an event and there were a lot of people, we had called ahead of time to let them know, but apparently they didn't take us seriously. Probably wouldn't stop by again unless it was the only choice in the area.
1	What a sorry excuse for a restaurant.  Dark, dated bar for the over 50 crowd that happens to also serve food is more like it.  We had the three tacos (chicken and beef), and the sizzling chicken fajitas.  The meat was so tough as to be almost un-edible.  The tables were dirty.  The service was slow. The waitress was however nice, too bad I came here to eat, not to make friends.  One trip pony for sure.
1	Wow!...you would think they would want to serve you beer. 20 minutes here, it's dead and we had to fetch our beers.
1	Stop on the largest motorcycle ride of the year and they only had 2 bartenders for 1000 plus Bikers.  Won't be back.
3	Good for beers and wings...close to house otherwise it's so-so. If ur gonna get a beer...get the bottles, the draft beer is warm. Their Pittsburgh Wings are the best thing on the menu. The service is fine, tons of TV's, pool tables & live music on weekends. Tortilla Chips are always broken up too much which is irritating. Not a bad place for Monday Night Football, hence the attraction for me.
1	Terrible  we sat at the bar and never received service ,,,, bartender was rude and spoke only to the locals.Not worth free beer
3	For being in a part of town with very limited options, Cocomo Joe's isn't a bad choice.  It also doesn't hurt that it's one of the few places to grab a drink in this area that's open past midnight and isn't a long drive home.  The bar has an unnecessarily over the top tiki theme, but I wouldn't say that it it's tacky enough to keep anyone away.  It's just very corny, but at least they picked a theme and stuck with it.  The younger crowd won't have any reason to hang out at Joe's, but anyone over 30 just looking for a night out and nothing crazy will enjoy the place.The restaurant is massive with plenty of TV's playing whatever big game is on, and a stage for live music.  Service is very friendly.  The beer selection is pretty good.  The food isn't the greatest that you will eat, but it isn't awful, and the portions are huge.
1	The fact of the matter is that I can't figure out how this place stays open.  We met several friends on Sunday, to catch a couple of games and generally speaking, it's a pretty good sports barIn no time at all, virtually every chair in the place was taken which ought to be a good thing right?However, waiting 20 minutes for a drink or 20 minutes to put in a food order is the kiss of death in my book.  They were so under staffed that our waitress said she was ready to walk out.This has happened the last 6 times we were in there ...  Bad service combined with normal or average food.Won't be going back ....  Don't knows who manages this place but firing that person would be a good start.
5	Great place with great service and great food!be sure and tip the bar tenders and waitresses, they really take care of you. The food is great and the servings are generous! I personally recommend the wings and sliders!
5	Great place with great service and great food! The live music never disappoints and the bartender remember your drink everytine
1	I live around the corner and have been trying to find a great place to come to on nights I want to get out. Every time I have felt like an outcast and not welcome. Not to mention the service is HORRIBLE! Had to wait ridiculous amount of time just to be waited on. Their servers are rude and mean. We had one waitress get angry and shove the chair next to us. We will never come here again. Completely disappointed.
5	Say it is not so!!! Cocomo's, please reconsider the decision to close down and change themes. The one thing that this area doesn't need is another Mexican restaurant! As my good friend Travis said, you can walk a block even up here in Cave Creek and trip over a Mexican restaurant. Even more abhorrent is taking away the concept of live music. Are you freaking kidding me!? How will quesedillas and burritos earn as much business market share as the one unique nightlife spot within 10 miles would? please think about what you are doing in terms of unique branding! Cocomo's faithful....sound off on this travesty before it's too late!!!
1	Food is not that great, service is poor, weird atmosphere. Pretty dark inside and feels kinda gross. I wouldn't suggest dinner here. My friends enjoyed the Bahama Mama cocktail.
