5	Sundays @ the Pool at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Las Vegas. I'm surprised no one else has reviewed this yet.I've been going to Rehab since they first started years ago. The party has exploded into one of the best reasons to cancel your Sunday flight home from Vegas and show up hung-over to work on Monday morning.The Hard Rock transforms their pool into a raging, debaucherous, adrenaline-, alcohol-, Red-Bull-Vodka-fueled fiesta. If you can't handle crowds and having to fight for space on the beach or chairs, and you have the means, get a cabana- your own private oasis from which you can view the craziness before you. The music is a loud, thumping mash of hip-hop, house, rock n roll. Ocassionally, they will import big name DJ's to spin. The cover is steep, but if you're a gambler- ask your casino for a host who can help comp you into the party.The first Rehab begins the end of April. So do your taxes and use your refund to check it out!
2	Leave it to the anti-club girl to pooh-pooh the Rehab.The Hard Rock pools are undeniably amazing.  There are slides, lazy rivers, and wading pools as far as the eye can see.  However, during Rehab they turn into mud laden cess pools of post-clubber's dirt and vodka sweats.I went here with an out-of-town friend of mine who assured me that their 'cred' could get me into the club for free.  Funnily enough, their 'cred' counted for nothing and the fact that I went to school with the bouncer spared my pocketbook.  If I had paid $20 for admission, this would be a one star review.The place is crowded.  Period.  Uncomfortably so.  And most of the people are ridiculously drunk, so walking's an issue.  Grit from the pool clings to your body long after you've exited.For tourists who don't get to see girls in bikinis much, this is probably a very neat experience.  For locals, there are a lot of other pools you can sneak into for free without the risk of disease.
4	oh rehab....you know summer is in full swing when rehab comes to head again.  i have mixed feelings about rehab.  genevieve hates it - with fake people, oil slicks and s.t.d. galore, but "viva diva"  (a nickname I've aquired because of my occasional crazy, outlandish behavior) loves it.  i'd have to say that i like it more than i hate it.  you have to be in the right mindset to put yourself in that atmosphere and be able to have fun- the "go f'ing crazy" mindset.  a sour puss will hate it...... they have an awesome pool that is set up like a lagoon, and the music system is 'bangin.  both times i've gone, i've been spoiled up the ying yang, so i'd imagine a more normal experience there may not be up to par.  but, if you get a cabana, you will most definetly have a blast checking out all the hot people from above.  pretty much absolute debauchery.  good in small doses.
5	Amy Winehouse wouldn't be singing her catchy jingle if she had made it to this Rehab.  My goodness  you breeders know how to throw a party! And I thought the gays had the market on debaucherous dance parties.  Next time I read an article on the Black or White Party as if its some representation on the filthy morals of homosexuals, I'm bringing up this place as a harsh right back at ya.  O but how does one get in?  Ok, first of all throw out all notions of economics of both finance and time with this one.  Some poor souls show up at 8 am, 4 hours before this place even allows its first non hotel guest to the pool, to get a place in line.  And the line continues at this wait for about 4 hours all afternoon long.  Wha? Say you incredulously. No way would you do this you say but then you see the line packed with hot people of all persuasions...ok not ALL persuasions but enough to give you hope.But are you serious? who waits in line for 4 hours for a pool party that costs $50 to get into and charges $17 for drinks once your inside only to have no place to lay your towel and throw your precious belongings in a bush.  Well, I answer-hot looking, fun ass people who know how to party, that's who!The layout of the pool has already been well described but I think what's left out here and overlooked is the quiet side of the pool.  No one goes over to the left of the entrance, past the water slide is a lagoon of tranquility where some bigger boys from Texas let me know I wasn't the only gay in the village. The music is jumping and the $17 I bemoan, were 32oz filled souvenir drinks, I suppose you could get cups or glasses but WHY EVER WOULD YOU?  Do You know how drunk you can get on 64 ounces of margaritas or redbull and vodka.  Yippy Yay! And when everyone gets drunk o, doesn't everyone get so friendly? so so friendly, and touchy. Men who snuggled with the ladies in the pool fondled my butt.  Ok, have you seen my butt?  But still, in front of hundreds of other people.And just as my friend Kara and I were bemoaning the lack of house music at the Vegas clubs the night before, don't they splice in some serious hard core house music here.  Watch the heck out, we were dancing on the island on the middle of the pool.  So yeah you pay $50 to get in, $30 VIP unless your a hotel guest but you are there all day.  Seriously, all day.  Ok if your unlucky, half that day is spent in line but...actually there is a way off the line and speedily so, simply buy a spa package at The Hard Rock Spa.  They totally market it to you and its overpriced but this is how I got in and friends, this is the way to go.  I wanted a spa service while in Vegas but demurred because they were so pricey but here, there's at least a way to save yourself some money at the Rehab door and time on the line and time is money...
4	Recipe for REHAB@ the Hard Rock:1.)Arrive at to the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino, find a way to get in for free without waiting in line.  (refer to chapter on "having connections")2.) Set outdoor temperature at a steamy 106 degrees Fahrenheit and make sure the sun is shining brightly.3.)Add a few pools, a lazy river, some sand here and there, a few palm tress and some cabanas.4.)Then, take 400+ scantily-clad, swim suit wearing hotties  (about a 2 to 1 male to female ratio).5.)Next, add generous amounts of alcohol and maybe a drug or two, or ten.6.)Throw in a DJ with sick beats or a killer live band.7.)Sprinkle with celebrities (actors, rappers, musicians and sports stars).8.)Add MORE alcohol (drugs optional).Mix thoroughly.  Bake in sun for 7 to 8 hours or until it becomes one large, sweaty mass of sex, drugs, rock-n-roll and sunburns (tan lines optional).
5	Stay at the Hard Rock if you want to go to Rehab!   I waited in line for maybe 5 minutes?  I got in for free?  Well we did stay in a suite, but still!  Awesome pool party.  The only downside with staying at the hardrock is they do sound checks at 9am in the morning........  on a Sunday.  jeez, good wake up call!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!LONG ISLAND ICE TEAS!  Drunk fun!
5	Oh Rehab... how you did me well with your throw back soccer water bottle and large straw filled with whatever liquor i wanted. The thing i like most about this place is that its during the day.. you get to see what these fake bitches look like in the daylight with no make-up on. Fine hide your droopy eyes and crows feet from too many hours clocked in at beach bum tanning salon behind your Dior sunglasses.  We can still see your gross plastic self.The music kicked ass if your into house. I think my friends and I danced in the pool for a good 2 hours after we all had well over enough to drink and actually got in the luke warm kind of gross water.  Hey... its Vegas.We did not have a cabana so I thought the entire time we would be dying of heat exhaustion since we were there mid July. But somehow I didn't even get sunburn and was not uncomfortably hot at all the entire day.My friends and I had a great time. I would definitely go back to this crazy ass pool party.Sky*
5	Take the beach parties of Cancun and throw them into a large pool on a Sunday afternoon during the summer time and that is Rehab.Its one of the Las Vegas most popular venues and rightfully so, as there is nothing out there like it.  It isn't just some "pool party" but a real event that happens between Memorial Day and Labor Day on Sundays.  It has gotten so popular that some folks won't go out on Saturday night so they can wake up in time to make this party.And easy way to get into Rehab is to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Its expensive, but at least all guests are provided with a wristband that waives the pricey cover.  Bouncers are a little pretentious and have been that way ever since Rehab started catching on.  The prices for drinks are outrageous here and a cabana is almost out of the question for most low-rollers.  The cocktail waitresses work hard for their tips, its too bad this place has too many jerks and perverted gawkers to care.The eye candy is certainly a big draw.  Girls in bikinis and muscle chiseled guys will engage in some very sketchy behavior in front of everyone with no shame.  "Rehabilitation" on the day of the Sabbath in Sin City, is an absolute must for all those who kick back and enjoy good music, chill but racy atmosphere, and endure some of the most superficial people alive in little clothing (or sometimes - none at all).
5	What could be better than lounging in your bikini, dancing barefoot to a rockin' DJ, a swim-up black jack table,  a 32oz plastic sports bottle filled with your drink choice & plenty of eye-candy? Rehab is by far the best party in Vegas.It's definitely worth it to stay in the hotel to avoid the long lines. Or better yet, rent a cabana. My only complaint is that by the time our group got in, there were no lounge chairs left (we were there when it opened) It took about 15 minutes to find a small spot to lay our towels. Still, can you say "party like a rock star? " I can't wait to go back in June!
5	Crazy. Ass. Pool. Party.Danielle C hits the nail on the head!!!  all those fake chicks with their makeup melting off in the 100 degree heat!!! that was awesome!aha.  Love the sports cup.Great music.  Pretty good food too.Dont be stingy!!!  Tip the bartenders and the bottle service girls.  I would like to see you working in that heat AND being nice to your middle america vacationing ass.  that's hard work!!!Be back soon.
3	I am absolutely torn about my experience at Rehab.Be ready to stand in an absolutely ridiculous long line. Reason #49485 why I love Vegas...I am a girl, don't have to wait.  When we got to the front, I started talking to this guy next to me in the regular line and he said he had been waiting for 3 hours!! YES, 3 hours to pay the guys' cover of $100, only to get in, and head to the over crowded bar to pay for overpriced water downed drinks. Bummer dude.So you get in, music is blaring and there are people everywhere. Lots of pretty people, famous people, crazy people and don't forget, trashy people. Once you are there long enough and have had time to really study the crowd, you will realize that most of these people are just downright nasty.  They are the reason why the "pool" looks more like a murky swamp. The cabanas are a lot of fun though, the booze is flowing and gives you somewhere to chill out and stay as far away from the STD infested pool.  It's fun to gawk and stare and point at the famous people being walked in by security guards, or the haggard walking around looking "hot".Good entertainment, not sure if I would want to come here again, one of those things that you just have to do, to say you did.**see pic of pool**
3	....Rehab.....I was speechless before and you leave me speechless afterHere is a rundown.  You have two choices when coming here A.  come looking good with your hot friends and skip the lineB.  get here early and wait in the 3 hour line , yes, people waited 3 hours to get in here (I don't know why)  and then pay $100 if you are a guy and $40 if you are a girl cover chargeThank you again Vegas for being so good to us and allowing us to skip the line.  So that we could quickly be marched, yes marched, to the front of the line to be paraded into this debauchery.    This place is insane, insanely packed, insanely expensive and in my opinion a bit overrated.  We were lucky that we were here on a nice day and it was only about 80* not the typical Vegas summer of 115.  The place gets jam packed with people and the line for the girls bathroom was about an hour long.  Fortunately, we had VIP so we were able to go up stairs were it was less crowded and make drinks at the the private cabanas.  Like I said I cant imagine being here and not having VIP and having to be packed down stairs with the Dirty, and then pay $40 to get in and then run up a bar tab for drinks!  Plus there is no where to stand let alone sit or to set your things down unless you have VIP.I must add after going here my friend and I now use this as a "would you rather".  Here is an example "Would you rather have to spend the whole day at Rehab again or get punched in the face"Yes that is what we are comparing this pricey, packed, over crowded day too.  Trust me you may take the 2nd option after being here for 6 hours.PS.  you will most likely get in some celeb or sports player sighting here.  my friends always do.
3	Ness S nailed it on the head with her review for Rehab......So here is my take. For the past couple of weeks I have been dreading coming here - partly because I am over large crowds, partly because I am over being surrounded by tool bags and broke ass ho's, partly because I am not in Vegas bikini shape and partly because I knew that for my share of the cabana rental my ass was not going to be getting drunk - fed yes but not drunk. Okay - the good parts - with our uber large group of my super friends from college and beyond we got the line skippys cause we had a cabana rental - wee haw. The trek over the river and thru the woods to get to the front of the line was a bit odd but we got there right? After a security search half the kids checked in their bags and off we went.....(yes you can check your shit peeps)Our cabana was in a great location - three feet from the madness in the pool and surrounded by two other cabanas of cool guys.  Our waitress Jennifer was a cute lil chiquita and was awesome for dealing with our group. The service was fabulous and we always had someone filling our ice, bringing water etc. Security was also cool making sure we were taken care of. Props boys!Food was also decent - pizza, fries, chicken strips (so big they were like half fried chickens) burgers etc - always tasty. The bad - bathroom lines and bathrooms in general. Thanks god someone in our group got a room for the day, cause that bathroom drama would have got old real quick. If you don't have a cabana or a chair you are screwed - make friends or get crafty with your stuff. The ugly - toolbags, broke ass ho's and skanks who thought they were supermodels doing us all a favor by being there. Kill the tude and have a good time - isn't that why you are there?Well - I survived Rehab. I am glad I went.....Unless my friends go again and we do the uber pricey cabana service I doubt you will see me there again. After all, aren't you supposed to relax at the pool? Oh I almost forgot: Overheard in the elevator of the Hard Rock.....a ghetto rat Inland Empire chick with her arms around her ghetto rat Inalnd Empire boyfriend..." Oh My God what is on you that is burning me???" (His crabs honey, his crabs)My liver hurts
5	One of the best times of my life!  We got to rehab around noon and it wasn't as packed as i thought...there was still a huge line to get in but definately room to sit around the pool.  Tiesto was going to be performing around 4.  When 3pm approached it started to get packed!  And the second Tiesto starting to spin his first track everyone in the pool went nuts, sirens going off, crazy splashing everywhere.  Our hair hadn't gotten wet at yet during the day, but once Tiesto came on we all were drenched in less than 30 seconds.  People were just going around pouring shots in our mouths, hot guys letting us get on their shoulders, and dancing.  It was an amazing time!  I can't wait to go back!
5	Out of Control!!! I Loved this place! My friends had a Cabana here and we partied all morning!  The Cabanas are really cool, ours was right on top of the waterfall. They have a mini bar, bottle service, a waitress and nice comfy couches. Its really cool if you just wanna relax.....but I dint think you would want to in this environment.  There is a lot of people though....a little too over crowded  for me. They had STRONG drinks....a bit pricey but why complain when you get what you pay for, Great DJ's that didn't play House music for 5 hours straight like most places, Hot guys, great pool, and awesome black jack tables....BEST day of my Life! Next  vacation....I'm Here
5	My first time being at Rehab I was not disappointed.  When we got there Saturday ICE-T performed so that was a sick treat.  He was one of my fav rappers growing up and I have most of his stuff on vinyl. That says a lot for my age. heh   Saturday's DJ was great, can't remember who it is, since I was drinking my ass off, but Sunday was way different.  Also on Saturday they gave out 1000 water guns and we had a massive water fight. That was pretty damn fun.  You could tell right off who liked to have fun and those who just wanted to be seen.  Some people would freak out when they got wet even though they are standing in water.  Too funny.Our group decided to get a day bed, which is the way to go when this place gets crowded and there is always good views.  Too bad Sunday's DJs 7/20/08 were not on point.   Our waitress was terrific. We never had to wait for anything, she was always prompt and she got a huge tip for that. =)  The food was pretty good as well.On Sunday the weather was very windy and kinda rainy but it was great. About 4 PM the sun came back out and the place went wild.  If you plan to go to Rehab, you might as well stay at the Hard Rock since you get to go in earlier and bypass any lines.
5	So many people told us that the pool parties were the place to be so we decided to check out Rehab on Sunday. I was a little nervous at first because everyone was saying that you have to dress to impress (makeup, jewelry, hot bathing suits with high heals, etc) and that if you didn't then you wouldn't make it in. Nerveless we decided to just see what happens. So we got there about 30 minutes after it opened and there was a 45 minute wait. Lucky it was just the two of us so we got pulled out of the line and brought up front making the wait only 5 minutes. The price to get in was $30 for guys $20 for girls (yes just to walk into the pool area) and $5 for a locker. Luckily we found two chairs right by the pool that were free!!!! (You usually have to pay $200 for a chair). The drinks were awesome and so was the food. We spend the whole day laying out and dancing to the DJ. As far as the people who were there it was about 50/50. 50% were average and the other 50% were wearing nothing with stripper high heals and their make up and hair done like they were going to a photo shoot. They were right; it was defiantly the hottest pool party in Vegas!
5	Rehab is amazing. Best thing ever, seriously heaven on earth. I go to Vegas and this is what I look forward to. Clubs and bottle service and all that other crap is good and all, but Rehab is Vegas. Seen Akon and Tiesto perform here.....i try to go as much as I can. Get a room here though, you'll get really really tired after drinking in the sun for an hour or so. Last time I actually knocked out at 4:30pm from drinking 4 of those huge rehab cups full of Maker's Mark and Coke.
4	Rehab lived up to all my expectations and more! At 9am we rolled out of bed after 45min of sleep, hit up the Starbucks, and headed down to what we thought would be a killer line. The line was HUGE, but we decided to cut it and walk up to the front and play the hot girl card...it worked. We would have walked right in, except we had bought sandwiches from Starbucks and apparently no outside food is allowed in (bummer). The security guard must have felt bad for me and let us sit in these snazzy chairs and finish our sandwiches before we went in. Now, I understand that Rehab is THE pool party blah blah blah...but $400 for a lawn chair seems excessive....right?Well, for those of you who like the beach, walk into rehab, cross the first bridge and plop down on the sand in front of those $400 lawn chairs. In my opinion, we had the best spot in the place, because our towels were half in half out of the water, so it never got too hot....and all the guys kept buying us frozen drinks because we were right there looking all hot in the water. ....Again....$38 for two pina coladas....Little pricey, so I opted to add a double shot in mine...I mean, I wasn't paying, so why not?I always thought the hype about flying in DJs was blah blah, but whoever was there this sunday was AMAZING. There wasn't a single song/mix that didn't have me dancing...honestly, amazing!The only negative experience we had was when we tried to order food, the waitress said she was too busy....no "I'll come back when I can"...nothing....I mean, if you are going to have a massive pool party, have enough staff to deal with drunk hungry people!ps...I am guilty of like Ditch Fridays at the Palms better....
5	I go every summer Mem Day,Labor Day, Opening Party, Closing Party every time have a blast..  People this summer said it was going downhill but I think its just as good as ever..  If you don't have connections I suggest bring a ton of hot girls or arrive very early...  Oh and those drinks the Rehab cups are very Strong no wonder everyone is drunk having a great time.. The Dj is good too.. Its an all around event you cant miss.... Probably 1 of the best daytime pool events ever.....
5	OMFG!!! I  My girlfriends knew a promoter who said he could get us into rehab for free so we gave it a shot on our last day in Vegas. If you think this is just some ordinary pool, you are soooo wrong! I never thought going to rehab would be so much fun. They do a thorough search of your bags and even pat you down before they let you enter the pool. Don't bring anything like medication, eyedrops or hand sanitzer in your purse because they will confiscate it or you can check your purse in for $5. I bet the security guards enjoy their jobs. Lol! The moment you walk outside its like a sea of hot half naked guys and girls. I've never seen so many fake boobs before!! It reminded me of MTV spring break, only hotter. Music plays and people are dancing it up, drinking it up, and there's even an area for gambling while you're in the water! It gets hot in the dessert, but you can cool down in the water- My friend and I were hesitant to get in the water because it looked kinda grody, but we got pushed into the water and it was refreshingly cold. I had the best time ever dancing and having a great time w/ my gfs- I miss vegas...
5	Ups: Hot people. Never seen so many fit and cute people here in Vegas.Downs: Water is soooo dirty.Overall, this place is worth a trip to experience. It gets a little crazy with the drunk people, but we still had a great time. Again, really hot people!
4	After going to both Wet Republic and Rehab, I have to downgrade Rehab only slightly simply because the water at the pool is just way too dirty. I am not sure if its because of fake sand they have in there, or simply because of the people having sex in the water and spilling their drinks. Either ways, I'd like some cleaner water to take a dip in.  Wet Republic's water looks cleaner atleast.When you go to a pool party, you arent there to swim obviously.  You are there to get your groove on. You cant beat the $20 sports drink size cups they serve everything in. The atmosphere is pretty much spring break all year around.  Lastly as far as the music goes, the resident DJ is pretty good and definitely keeps the party alive every Sunday. Being that it is the Hard Rock, can you expect anything else?  If you were wondering that the chicks in the pictures were really spokes models or actual hotties, you will be in for a reality check once you walk in. Yes, the chicks are as hot as the pictures you see. No, they are hotter because you can actually see them in person, or touch if you got some serious game. I never go out my way to look at the dudes, but I have to say everyone brought their 'A' work out game.  I am definitely going back next year... hopefully VIP style with a cabana!Please refer to my youtube flick on how cool this place is: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cVvFkKm0K04
5	I usually don't write reviews for places unless I've been there recently but I'll make an exception for Rehab.  I was watching TruTV and who knew that Rehab has it's own show, so I found some inspiration.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WGqU-EtWBW4They try to make me go to Rehab but I say no, no, no ... I know for a fact that Amy Winehouse was not talking about the pool party that goes off at the Hard Rock Hotel on Sundays during the summertime.You ever hear of the terms "you don't bring sand to the beach" or "you don't bring meat to the meat market"?  Well those rules apply here.  Come with your friends and leave your gf's, bf's, so's, fi's or whatever it is you call your other halves because you don't wanna get slapped every time your eyes wander when someone that catches your eye passes by.If you're in LV during the summertime, make sure you stop by the OG pool party that started all other hotels having similar parties.  You know what they say, imitation is the highest form of flattery.Easy 5 stars.
5	My love for Rehab runs deep; so much that my roomate and I have driven there just so we can stay for 24 hrs and shake it in the pool, sippy cup in hand.  The line to get in is absolutely ridiculous but if you're a girl you can sometimes weasel your way in without much of a wait.  But Rehab is the only party I'm WILLING to wait for and it's definately worth it!  (And coming from me, thats saying alot)  Hot people running around drunk and half naked, djs that are exceptional, and the occasional guest appearance...what more can you ask for?  And if you want to cool off a little you can always take a dip in the STD infested water :) No vegas trip is complete without my favorite wild and crazy pool party!
1	UGH.  I was hyped rehab for ... ever a couple of years back.  I was all hyped to go until I got there.  Seriously, I won't even admit how much of my life I wasted waiting to get into this frat house on crack. It's a shame. Seriously.  The only reason we waited that long was because that was the whole point of the trip.Anyway by the time we did get in it was not scorching hot, everyone was hammered the pool looked green (YES! What do you think these dirtbags are actually going to get OUT of the pool to piss?!) This is the level of NASTY that you're working with: I was wearing a white bikini top with brown trim.. by the time i got to my hotel the white of my bikini was YELLOW. And I truly doubt that it was the amount of chlorine.This place is nasty.  The only reason people like it is because these stupid skank girls go there practically naked.  Get a job as a stripper and call it a day ho-bag.  And the tool beefcakes that go there are all the same, L-A-M-E.The bathrooms? Nasty.The drinks? One plastic water bottle thingy of margarita-type drink was $35. Yes, Thirty-effing-Five.  For one drink.The cover? $50. Stupidest waste ever.Crowded? There were THOUSANDS of people in that pool area. gross.The crowd? Cool if you are 21 of if you have the maturity of a high school kegger party crowd still.The one crappy thing about it was that I was at the Hard Rock's pool before Rehab started for the season and it was perfect.But Rehab? I would rather go to the Wet Republic any day.
4	We were there on a cloudy and cold memorial day weekend. We showd up around 2 and the place was packed with the most beautiful people in Vegas!I mean these girls were all HOT and the guys all tanned and buff....We saw that the wait was a 3 hour wait and decided to come back another day....looked like a great time!
5	I am currently in training for REHAB!!! Rehab is always a good time. This is a party meca for beautiful people. The majority of the guys are sportin 6 pack abs like myself and the girls showing off their implants. I think the pool and layout is just great!! I gave this pool 5 stars because of the fact DJ's such as Tiesto and Fedde Le Grand grace the decks here every year. The only bad thing I have to say is that the lines can be extremely long. You have to come and expect it and put up with it or go somewhere else. As far as I know the Hard Rock was the first to have this type of pool party. MGM, TAO and others have their version of the Rehab concept.
4	This place is like BEING IN A RAP MUSIC VIDEO!!! I threw a party here and take it from me, you do NOT want to miss this place! TRUST ME!!!This is an outside club at the pool in the daytime. If you go here, you MUST find Terry or another person that has the hook up to get you in because otherwise, you'll be standing in line at the ass crack of dawn to try and get in because they close the door at 12:00 NOON. If you're lucky, they let some people in after.If you go here, get a cabana. A cabana is this club's version of a table and bottle service. It doesn't cost much when you divide it with your group. Terry hooked us up with the largest cabana and we had about 13 people I believe and only ended up paying $125 person. That may sound like a lot, but that included surpassing the hours-long line, bottle service, food, cabana, cabana girl, cabana boy, television, gratuity, and VIP area where we were next to some famous basketball player who's name I forgot... Ladies, you MUST look hot and I mean bikini hot because there was NO ONE in that place wearing more material than a bikini. The swim suits there were bikini and smaller and when I say smaller, there was a girl there who wore a "swim suit" where (imagine this) it was a piece of thread that was like a V shape going from around her neck, covering her nipples and um, pec pec region. New meaning to string bikini. She must have had glue to keep it put cause that 1 piece of string did not move the entire time she was dancing in the pool. Anyway, Rehab is ALSO a tv show so there's lot of cameras there, which is why you have to look hot ok?I was in Vegas with my girls for fun and my bf was in Vegas for a bachelor party and my group really wanted to go to Rehab but the boys didn't. So we went to their hotel and DRAGGED them out of bed literally. By the end of Rehab, they were THANKING US SOOOO MUCH. Usually, I'd say just go with a group of the same sex cause there's so much eye candy there you can flirt around, but we all had an amazing time together. Girls, if you are insecure, do NOT go here with your man. My bf was hit on 2 times and some drunk chick tried to kiss him. And one of the other guys left his gf at home and made out with another chick here. So I'm just saying, if you're insecure, this is not the place for you esp cause the girls here are way more wild than the men. The bachelor got a real good show. There was a wild girl who had him sit on the edge of the pool while she stood up and danced on top of him, rubbing her pec pec on his head LOL Man, good times! And of course, the men are fun too, but I can't really say how fun cause I was with my bf the entire time. I have to go back and experience this place without any men holding me down. There's dancing in the pool, gambling in the pool, no drinking in the pool but you can drink right next to the pool. There's cabana all around he pool with people dancing on the beds and doing humping moves. AND if you're lucky, there will be rich ass people on the beds throwing money into the pool!!! Mister T was there with his gold chains and wild hair cut and all making it rain money! It was incredible. The music is so hype, everyone was so beautiful, lots of drinking and money throwing, etc. I swear that from now on, anytime I go to Vegas, I will never miss this place. Terry is sweet in remembering to contact me about the reopening of Rehab for the next season. I'll def try to go again this year.
4	WOW~~  Can anyone say massive pool party?!  Walked into this place was taken back by how much hotties were packed in this one venue.  Compared to Tao Beach, Rehab is MUCH MUCH bigger.Too bad they only open on Sunday, so if you're willing to prolong your departure from Vegas...COME TO REHAB.  You won't regret it, I promise (at least, I didnt').Music is great, the pool helps cool you off from the desert rays, and the drinks...well, the drinks is always a given when in Vegas.My friends & I went NUTZ as the afternoon passed while in Rehab.  This is one of the main reason why we come to Vegas, for the pool party...and I think we accomplished our goal this past weekend.  Good times, good times~
2	If you don't have an eating disorder...be sure, you'll develop one after stepping foot inside this over-hyped, over-priced, fake infested pool party!They should offer a, click of the fingers plastic surgery op, whilst you wait in the "what seems like a lifetime" line.If you don't have connections, be prepared to wait and wait and *yawn* wait!  Luckily for us we were able to bypass the line and head straight to the mandatory grope your ass search station.  All was going great until they told a friend her shorts were too long and her only option was to take them off and walk in with her bikini. My beach bag was too big so I had to check it and walk in with a scummy plastic bag they gave me to hold my belongings...WTF??!!! Maybe they were worried I would stuff all the fake chicks in there and no-one would be left to pee in the pool.If you really want to go...do so in the least amount of clothing, the most amount of make-up, the smallest beach bag you have..and be prepared to win the "are they fake, game" by answering yes to every set of knockers that blind you.And guys, be fair...wear speedos, so we can take a mini break from the fake boob game....nothing like a boner in budgie smugglers!!
1	Douche bag central! Like douche bags? Want to get treated like shit? Want to hang out with people who think they are the shit? Come here! Waste money!We tried to get in on Sunday for Rehab this past weekend and it was a fuckin clusterfuck!Waited in line, got let up to the front of the line. DB bouncer told us that we cut in line. Say what? Puh-lease, don't be an ass. You want to charge girls $50 to get in and guys $100??And then you are gonna bust attitude on me and call me a fuckin liar? Eff that! I ain't having this shiet. Rehab can suck it. Wet Republic is way better than this place. And no, I did not waste my money here. Who wants to pay for shitty attitude?
5	Frankly, people, this was a ton of fun. I recommend this as a MUST if you're in Vegas on a Sunday.Yes, there are a boat load of douches.... like anywhere else in Vegas!  And yes, the pool starts out nice and clean, and progressively gets nastier, until it starts overwhelming the chlorine levels and gives people pink eye. We went the first weekend of May, got there early enough to post and defend a decent spot by the pool, and chilled for the rest of the day.  Seriously, just get there early.  There are two side of the party... 1) Crazy mofo's running into each other left and right, getting into DJ prompted water fights, and basically creating a daytime-poolside imitation of any club you'd find in Vegas.2) Chill folks basically laying around, playing in the pool, and dancing to the Awesome music (okay, that was just us) for hours on end. AND we were added to the Body English VIP list (along with more than half of everyone there, I suspect), which is a pretty fun party on a Sunday.
1	it's like www.thedirty.com in real life. was fun a while ago, now I prefer Wet Republic or Tao Beach.
4	this is a rare non foodie review...non hotel guests fork over 100 bones for entry after a certain time.season passes are available.hook ups aside...hotel guests can line up to rush in and grab a seat.  otherwise, pony up 200$ for a beach chair if you are a girl.  250$ if you aren't.2000$ for a day bed and 5000$+ for a private cabana with a flat screen tv.eat and drink that amount of money min.  gratuities not included.but enjoy the sun and music  by tiesto regardless.the water may be filthy with the 2000 people partying and boppin' to the beat in the sand filled pool.  sure, i've never seen mimosas in a plastic tub and straw but it was fun people watching.  hold onto your shades if you decide to go down the water slide because you will lose them.lots of sun,  buff bods, fake boobs, and lots of attitude.i'd review the food but come on...who are we kidding?
4	We were supposed to be on the guest list but unfortunately, our friend who's name it was under was passed out and way too hungover to attend lol. The rest of my friends who could actually get their head out of the toilet decided to just go and pay for it since we hadn't paid for anything else that weekend. We arrived there early, about 9:30 am thinking we'd be the first people in line. WRONG! lol there was already about 150 people waiting! Well, we stood in line for an hour until it opened and one of the employees immediately pulled us 4 girls out of line and moved us to the front. (Have I mentioned I LOVE being a girl?) We paid $20 but like I said before, it wasn't a big deal since we hadn't paid for anything else that weekend. (Again, I LOVE being a girl!) Since we got there early it was easy to find a nice, peaceful spot out of the way of all the craziness. We all decided to live it up and buy one of those $22 dollar plastic cup drinks. Let me say, it's expensive, but WORTH IT. By the time I was done with my vodka cranberry, I was DRUNK out of my mind! After that it all gets kind of fuzzy. All I know is that I had a great time! Only downside is the MASSIVE amount of douchebags and bleach blonde fake boobed bimbos hanging around. However, if you're just there to have a good time with your friends and you don't care about the idiots around you, believe me, you'll have fun! :) Basically as long as you get there early, you shouldn't have an issue getting in.
3	First of all, the $100 cover for guys (and it was not a holiday, so this must be their everyday rate now) is absurd.  I was happy to only pay $20 (the girl's rate) but seriously.  It's pretty insane in there.  The drinks were not that expensive considering the size, and it's fun to party in a bathing suit.  The bartenders were friendly with the liquor and the crowd was cool.  Other than that, it was kind of gross.  The chlorine bleached my bathing suit, but I guess I'm glad because the bathroom line was so long that the water was probably at least 30% pee.  Also, it's difficult to dance under water.  If you go, bring as little stuff as possible, because you'll have to carry everything above your head to your location, making it difficult to leave that location.  I was there for hours and the only time I got to go anywhere other than our little spot was to get drinks and go to the bathroom.  However, that's only a problem because of the huge expanse of really cool looking pool area.  So I'm torn about this one, which is why it gets three stars.  It's the only time I've ever blacked out in the middle of the day, so pretty epic.  Also, the water in those pictures is black because it's a sand beach set up in that part, so there's sand in the water.
4	I can honestly say, this was the highlight of my Memorial Day weekend Vegas trip. Me and three of my girlfriends arrived here at 10AM and the line was EXTREMELY crazy. My promoter friend told me to get here by 7am, and I totally thought he was joking. By the time we got there, there was well over 400 people in line already. Thank GOD we were girls because we were scooted into some all girl line and paid $30, when the other line was $50 girls/$150 guys. We got in at 11AM and I have never felt so self-conscious in my life. I'm a short, petite Asian girl and there were nothing but tall, skinny, boobacious women in here with fake tans. As far as the dudes go, there were a lot of old men with boobs. Anyway, the music was cool... a lot of house, it was extremely crowded (of course), however we were fortunate enough to find space on the little island. Oh! Another cool thing was... they were filming for the show! ;) We got caught on video a few times, which was pretty cool.I would definitely come back and party here! Totally worth the $30, however I hope to not pay that much next time.
4	I see why Amy Winehouse doesn't want to go back to Rehab - - 'cause I don't want to either.That being said, I voluntarily chose to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel, and willingly signed up to attend the douchebag/dirtyskank party at Rehab last Sunday.  It reminded me of those Spring Break parties you see on MTV, where the girls are having tickle fights on platforms next to a big pool and vodka redbull drinks are served in plastic cups with big straws.I freaked out a little when my pink sundress wouldn't fly and was forced to walk around in my string bikini...  BUT, nobody vomited at the sight of me, and since everyone was wasted, I suspect I looked pretty damn fine.  In fact, I think it's safe to say it doesn't matter what your body looks like, as long as your outfit and hair/makeup are well assembled.Kudos to the lifeguard who jumped in and rescued me from the 12 foot deep end .  He couldn't see my head (it was underwater), but had noticed my Rehab Souvenir Drink Cup sticking out of the water (I paid $25 for that, I wasn't gonna let it drown with me).  He dragged me to the shallow end, where I wiped the mascara off my face and promptly headed back to the bar for a refill.As hotel guests, we had our own entrance, which allowed for easy (and free) entry/re-entry - - and for convenient 6:30 pm scrambling to our room to pass out.   Note: Watch out for photographers.  When I removed my bikini bottoms in my room, a sopping wet  "Spy on Las Vegas - view pictures here" business card fell out.   There go my political aspirations.
2	GROSS!!!! Rehab is the only place in Vegas in which you will never, EVER wait in a bathroom line....huh..wonder why..could all the drunk people be peeing in the pool???? Bet they are! Beautiful pool and great idea but don't imagine going unless you are near black out and get there early unless you want to hide your stuff in a bush with about 200 other peoples items. Playing poker in the pool pretty bad ass tho! and bars EVERYWHERE!
5	If you're young and looking for a good time, this is the place to be. The pool is huge, and its has a slide. They play awesome music. This is what you can expect at Rehab.:HOT people chilling by the pool, dancing and playing poker in the pool.
2	Was in Vegas for Bachelor party and we got quotes from various hook up's for a cabana here.We got 5k for a cabana, and 10k minimum by the pool.That includes food, drinks. . and your left testicle.
5	The BEST way to experience REHAB is by staying at the HARD ROCK HOTEL.Here's why:* Free admission *4 tickets for a double room. 2 tickets for a single. Or you pay $50 to get in.* Shorter lines *That goes for the line to get into Rehab... there's a seperate line for VIP or Guests of Hotel from the General Admission line.Also goes for the line to the bathroom. You can either stand in line FOREVER for the public bathroom that is grimey from sand, water, chlorine, alcohol, whatever nastiness you can imagine. Or you can just walk up to your hotel room, to the comfort of your nice clean bathroom and use it there.* Alcohol *Ok. $22 for a Large sport bottle with a straw filled with 70% vodka 30% Lemonade (we got the lemonade because it was refreshing on the hot summer day, and it tasted way better than the pineapple/vodka. our friend was babysitting that thing forever because it didn't taste good.) is not that bad because I was getting my buzz on halfway through the bottle. The BEST thing about owning this bottle and staying at the hard rock? The fact that you can leave with the bottle refill it in your hotel room and come back. So no more paying $22 for refills! Plus if you don't have any mixers you can go to the store next to starbucks in the hotel and grab a cold lemonade or cranberry juice or whatever your heart desires...* Atmosphere *Lots of space to wade in the water and a little area to go deep into the water for a swim, But you'll rarely see anyone take an actual dip in the water and go do laps. Basically everyone kinda stands around socializing, drinking and some dancing. BEWARE. Sometimes the boys like to go crazy and splash the water... for those girls that glam up for rehab, be careful or you'll have a runny face.* People *Everyone was really nice. Staff. The people there. I think because everyone was looking to having a good time made the experience way more fun! =)This place can be pricey though. Especially for VIP Cabana... even having a lounge chair was $150 to have one.There isn't a place where you can lay down at unless you pay for it. Just an FYI.
5	If you're going to charge people $22 for a drink, you better have an amazing party for them to go to. The folks at the Hard Rock do, with Rehab, the Sunday Pool Party. It's a party that lives up to the hype. The party gets pretty packed, the crowd is fairly attractive, and the music is bumping. The DJ does a good, but not great, job. He tends to switch songs a little too quickly. I understand some people have issues with this party because of how expensive it can get - renting a cabana, etc. We didn't do any of that. We were guests at the Hard Rock, got 2 passes as a result. We also went a bit later, around 4pm, so there was no line to wait on at that time. From the videos of Rehab I had seen online and on TV, I was expecting a bunch of meatheads. There is a fair share of them, but really there are all sorts of people, everyone looking to have a good time. So if you're in Vegas on a Sunday afternoon, it's definitely worth checking out.
5	I have to give credit where credit is due..Rehab makes it completely acceptable to be drunk by 10 in the morning on the Sunday (sorry God). It cost me and my girls 20 dollars to get in and we were walked in by doing the guest list by a nice guy who respected our NY swagger (and feared his wallet may be knifed out of his shorts). We got there at the right time crowd wise to secure a prime people watching spot near a cabana. Everyone was in good spirits and the drinks come in VERY large cups. I tried the cranberry, lemonade vodka concoction which was great until it got a little too warm although they will continue to add ice as long as you ask. They also make blended drinks which I realized a little later when you walk around tot he normal bar. I learned not to go into the water from the cab driver who took us there. Calling it gonorrhea water, hepatitis water and saying we didn't want to even know what someone said they found in the filter, instilled  enough fear in us to stay quite far back. (I made sure not to look directly at it lest I got conjunctivitis). The music was loud and fun and the men brought out the ripped bodies while the ladies brought out the fake boobies...and of course there was ass galore. It was fun place that I would go back to again when I'm back in NV.
3	I have been to Rehab 2 times in my life and had a great! I think this Sunday beach party is what you make it and it is great to go with a big group of people. I would actually give Rehab 5 stars if it wasn't for the rude staff throughout the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino which still manages to be one of my favorite hang out in this great city. But I don't enjoy the Hard Rock or Rehab because of the staff... it is because of the great crowd this place brings. So I will not give the pros and cons of Rehab.Pros:Amazing poolHot peopleCocktails come in very large cupsAlcohol + lots of sun = wastedCons:some Sundays they charge $150 for guys and $30 for girls (outrageous)Door staff is mostly arrogant and rudeOutrageous line to get in
5	Best Sunday Ever!
4	This is just debauchery at it's best. Sippy cups with booze. More silicone that the Orange County House Wives. Not are there only Roided out guys there are their 'female" counterparts. But don't hate just watch it's rather entertaining. Yeah the booze filled sippy cup costs $26 bucks but Sea World is almost the same for a soda in the shape of Shamu! All I have to say is don't try and order food. It looked great but after waiting and hour we gave. Probably not a great idea to not give people with booze filled sippy cups food! I must say the staff isn't overly friendly but guess I might be cranky standing in the sun dealing with drunk idiots all day too. Try it form your own opinion,,,
1	Maybe it would be ok if we had a cabana and were away from the chaos, but unfortunately that was not the case. Only went to Rehab because visiting friends were itching to have the "Rehab Experience" [hopefully they didn't leave with any strange itches!]. None of my local friends will set foot in this place, but I figured it was best to see things first hand.Rehab is disgustingly crowded. The strong drinks served in sippy cups are worthless because it will probably be dropped or spilled. Even a live performance by T-Pain wasn't enough to warrant staying more than 30min. Vegas has many 21+ pool parties that are packed, I would not recommend this one.
1	How did one place manage to round up the largest group of attention whores (Men and Women) on the planet earth? Hard Rock did, in a balls out pool side fashion.  A bunch of juiced up midgets and I wanna been seen, tiny baking wearing, I want the spotlight, I'll play tease snot face douche mongrels, dancing around like it means something.  Throw all these Tooles in the pool and you have Rehab or maybe just call it Jail, cause 25% of these idiots can't handle the alcohol and wind up in jail anyway.  Get a cabana pay 300 for a 40 bottle of goose, if you want to be cool and If you want to be cooler get some insecure cabana hanger Chic's and go home with a souvenir of herpes or scabies or whatever roams through that festering sea of excessive filth.
5	oh how i love pool parties at vegas, good music, hot half naked people acting a fool, drinks in liters, friendly staff, hot dj, comfy cabanas..considering the fact that i LOVE pool parties probably upped this rating a bit because it was full of douchey looking dudes and a lot of silicone but hey WHATEVS! a partys a party! if its not fun..drink till it is! had a great time with the girls, got super drunk..we were suppose to be heading back home that day but we wanted to "stop by" ended up staying for four hours!...yea we got home pretty late that weekend lol
5	I have now been to Rehab 3 more times....and I think I'll get a season pass next year.I stayed at the Hard Rock basically because it gets you in free in the VIP line for Rehab.Tons and Tons of attractive people....everyone is there for the same reason, to PARTY! Once you're in you can have in and out priveledges, which is nice if you want to grab a bite to eat or as I do use the bathroom in the hotel (the one by the pool always has a long line)My few times being there I got a kiss on the cheek from Chuck Liddel, met a few cool dj's, bikini contest girls, saw Jessie Mcartney and just met a bunch of cool fun people....I don't usually get in the water as it's grimey but I have been down the waterslide...it was fun get there early to get a good spot.The plus...drinks come in huge water bottles for about $20 and half is booze and half is mixer...so for me one vodka grapefruit and I'm feeling good!
3	I'm knocking this place down a few notches. Its been really blah this summer for some reason...less good performers, the crowd is increasingly more dudes and was not as fun as years past.
4	Frickin'.Awesome. Hands down the best pool and the best day party/DJ in Vegas! it was mayhem! Grab your skankiest swimsuit and get ready to drink, swim, and dance all.day.long. We could hardly muster up the sobriety and energy to hit the night scene: blasphemy! Oh, and T-Pain popped in for a performance. After going at it hardcore at Rehab on Saturday, we were looking forward to "Relax" on Sunday [supposedly more laid back at the pool]...uh, NO, it was Rehab continued! Good times...think I slept for 18 hours straight when I returned home!
4	I came here as a cabana guest, so we didnt have to wait in the ridiculous line at all. I use to watch Rehab on tv late at night and wish i could teleport to vegas for these pool parties!! Rehab did not disappoint!! I HAD ONE OF THE WILDEST AND WETTEST TIMES OF MY LIFE!! the crowd was sexy, the staff was sexy! the whole place was sexy!!gosh, i wish i could go back there NOW!!
5	This place will blow your mind. We were there on memorial day weekend so the action was especially crazy. You will never see more hard bodies in any one place, and a lot them were pretty attractive. Very entertaining. The stimulation of all the people, craziness, dancing, music, cabanas was unreal. Just about everyone is there to have a really good time (except for some of the over juiced meat heads who seem to need a 5ft birth anywhere they walk (or maybe that's just me being jealous since anyone who doesn't have 25in+ biceps will look like a little girl around all these guys). Didn't seem to effect our good time a bit. The price was pretty crazy at $150 per wrist band (which came with nothing but the entry) although we quickly saw much more than that in value once we got in. Some advice: no need to wait in line starting at 8am to get your wrist bands if you're hotel guests. We did (which was a brutal wait) but people didn't have much of a problem going at 10 or 11. The line will be long but they seem to make exceptions all the time for people with good enough stories. Just get the attention of someone working the bands and remember her name. Then call her out with a bunch of energy and excitement about why you and your crew have to get in there. Definitely rent a couch if you call in advance. They are $500-$1000 on non holiday weekends and that full cost can be put toward food and booze for your whole group. Next best thing is to make friends with a cabana group real fast. We did the later and loved it. Next stop, Eden.
5	This place is unbelievably sexy.My girls and I were all cabana guests so we skipped the line and were escorted right to our cabana :) There wasn't one dull moment. From the time we walked in, to the time we left... I experienced nothing less than intense craziness!!! Sexy music, sexy staff, sexy guests, sexy atmosphere!!!  As far as specifics? I can't really tell you much except for 1) water slide, 2) really good sliders, 3) lazy pool full of girl kisses, waterfalls, and drunken debauchery.Rehab is definitely a MUST.
4	A group of five of us stayed at the Rock this past weekend only to barely make it to Rehab after downing 3 bottles of Kettle One at Tryst the night before, totally worth the $1500 by the way.  As they say, you got to do Vegas right, go big or go home!When it comes to Rehab, it's all about the preparation.  Don't go without the prep work.  You won't regret it.Two months of two-a-days in the gym, two weeks of level five platinum sessions at Darque Tan,  two jugs of No-Explode, one $30 Ed Hardy shirt from TJ Maxx, and I was most ready for this highly sought after event.The $100 price tag was a bit steep for the five of us, but divide that by five, with the two complimentary passes from the Rock, and it drops to $68 bucks per person.  Needless to say, it was well worth the price of admission after watching my friend coerce the security guard into letting him on the stage to party with Lil John.  He even made out with a chick later that afternoon in the pool, or should I say young lady to be politically correct, but this event was far from politically correct. Not going to mention whether she was a 3 or 10, but hey, it was an impressive feat that can mostly likely be attributed to his five-minutes of fame on stage with LJ.Overall, the drinks were a bit steep ($25 for a jug of Vodka) , but they were stiff, maybe 4-5 shots, which can do quite a bit of damage if you partied hard the night before.  After three of these, I was in pretty good shape.  I even forgot to apply sunscreen, but luckily the sessions at Darque tan prevented me from getting a regrettable sunburn for the flight home on Monday.  What can I say? Who doesn't like beautiful women, meat heads, obnoxious drunk people, a pool full-of-urine, and cast members from the Jersey Shore?  There's plenty of social commentary to go around for the day and as long as you keep an open-mind, surround yourself with good company, meet as many people as you can, and take some classic photos of your buddies, you will have a great time.  Embrace the moment; you don't experience many hedonistic days like this during your lifetime.Have to give this event 4 stars, but only because the prices for drinks and admission were a bit steep.  Be sure to check out Rehab on a Sunday; guarantee it will be a legendary day to share with your college-aged children someday.
5	RIDIC!!!! Best pool party everrrr! Should be called Ridic Sundays not Rehab! We had a cabana $5k and got there around 10am to a long ass line & paid about another $1k to skip the line (yeah I guess having a cabana still means waiting in line). NOTE to GIRLS: take nothing but your ID & some money. They make you check EVERYTHING which means no large purses, no mirrors (random), no Advil (even in small packets unopened), etc. Save yourself the time & go with the bare necessities. Service was great...they don't let you touch a drink and insist on pouring all drinks. The food was good too. The party picked up around 1pm. Seems like there was another pool for hotel guests only which was lame anyway. The main pool is where it is at but take time to roam this crazy madness and see the submerged card tables and bar, hidden slides, & if you don't have a cabana ladies make yourself super visible so they ask you to join a cabana who needs help spending money and drinking! Easy task if you are cute and fun! Lots and lots of hotties men & women & even more alcohol. Everything it seems like on TV. Save all your energy and don't' go out the night before you come here and make no plans to do anything after Rehab but pass out asap w/food in your belly & Excedrin! Best piece of advice I wish I would've heard...take it easy on those HUGE water bottles they fill with alcohol b/c its not water even though it might taste like water. PACE yourself or you won't remember much after 3pm and you might end up as a drunken mess at the "Pink Taco" trying to sober yourself up!
5	I have participated in plenty of Sunday Fundays in my lifetime but this trumps all. A definite top 10 best party experience ever, right up there with St Pattys in Savannah, Cabo Wabo, Bourbon Street and the good ol college days of burning couches in Boulder. Don't even think of going with anyone who might have a problem getting mostly naked in front of beautiful people. Of course, I'd only go to Vegas with my top notch party crew, and this was our mecca... Especially after a lame evening of finding nothing but mostly short, ugly men at XS on Sat night (hey, we're all tall chicks). We stayed at the Encore and with a quick call over to Rehab by the nice woman at the front desk we were VIP and got to the front of the line. At $20 a pop, that wasn't such a bad deal at all to gawk at hot men and women all afternoon and dance our asses off in questionable-colored water. I gotta say we saw it all: boy on boy, girl on girl, boy on girl on boy. Whatever your thing is, you'll get plenty of it. If I ever get the chance to go again, I'll bring 40 friends instead of just 3 and get there at 9am.
3	As far as I am concerned this party is only worth coming to if you are staying at the Hard Rock Hotel. Otherwise, it's a lot of pain for not all that much gain.I unluckily was not staying at the hotel which meant to get into this pool party, I waited in line for 2.5 hours starting at 9AM and then paid $20. The cover didn't really bother me that much but the wait did. Oh and if you're a guy, it'll run you $100. Factor that in when you consider how badly you want to ogle all the T&A here. The party itself is pretty cool. I mean the pool area is huge and it looks really nice, there are lots of places to get drinks and yeah, a lot of the people are nice to look at (But not all OK. I wouldn't say this party was full of the best looking people ever, not by a long shot). However, my 2.5 hour wait made me a much harsher judge. Honestly unless you've rented a cabana or a chair or something, it's hard to grab a seat because it's very very crowded, which makes for an unpleasant experience. Don't forget the crazy security too. Seriously just show up semi-naked with your ID and some cash because the bouncers are ready and willing to feel you up if you're wearing any clothes at all (so awkward and unpleasant). The drinks are (of course) overpriced but then it is Vegas, so going by the standard in the city, they are right on par. The music was pretty good and everyone genuinely seems like they're having a great time. Again though, because of my wait time and the cover charge and the lack of good seating I wasn't overly impressed. I'd love to try out another pool party like Wet Republic in order to get a better comparison.
5	Great party, always has been.This is the place you want to be when you talk about pool parties.  This is the one that started it all and even if the Hard Rock couldn't keep the talent that started the thing it is still going strong.  Two thumbs up.
1	Have you spent the better of the past 20-something years looking for the kingdom of douchebags? Look no further my friends, you have hit pay dirt. Rehab was cool about 7 years ago when it opened. Now it's amateur hour. Looking to spend hours in line and pay ridiculous covers (guys, I'm talking to you - they pull all of the girls out of line and shuffle them to the door in groups)? Anxious to see what the latest trend from Jersey is? Maybe you're just looking to get discovered, and you know that the Rehab reality show is your ticket to Hollywood  -- If any of the above sound like you, then by all means, check it out and enjoy all the fist pumping that your little heart can handle.  I will say that Rehab is probably more like a 1.5* just based on the people watching and the new pool that opened this season. With so many great pool parties in Vegas, it's amazing that people still love this place so much.
1	Rehab is the worst.  Unattractive people, Deck chairs cost $150 to rent, and the DJ is REALLY BAD.  If you stay out there long enough the DJ will even replay songs he spins.  Plus the mixes are VERY weak.  DO NOT GO.  A WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!The drinks are so expensive it forces everyone who wants to drink more to drink even more in their room so the alcoholics end up staggering all over the place.  When I was there last week this group of 10 girls got into this huge brawl which had visual appeal with all the boobage and weaves flying around but in the end it was just sad.On top of that these fools are running around getting b-roll for a TV show.  Whatever it is I probably won't see it but chances are your ass will be on a 2 second shot.  I don't know how many times I saw the camera crew getting a shot of the bartenders and then shooting some chicks ass while she wasn't looking.  This Hard Rock and Rehab are the height of irony.  A venue dedicated to creativity and musical zeitgeist is the home of mediocre party scenes.BOYCOTT
3	I went back again this year, security is still mad lame.  I had to go back and put my little waterproof camera back in my room because it had video functions...wtf.  I carry that thing everywhere.  Crowds are definitely smaller which helps out a lot....they did change the rooms now though which is lame. You have to have a "qualifying rate" on Sunday in order to get into rehab even if you're staying at the Hard Rock.  If you don't qualify then you have to pay the difference or not go.....who the hell thinks of this kind of crap?
5	I've been to Vegas about a dozen times, and I can say without a doubt...  REHAB HAS PROVIDED ME THE BEST TIME I'VE EVER HAD IN VEGAS.  So you've been partying in Vegas without sleep since Friday.  It's been great.  Sunday rolls around, and you need to wind down and chill poolside and be waited on by some gorgeous, fake-breasted women.  Sounds like a nice relaxing Sunday afternoon at a place called Rehab.  WRONG.  You get there, and you quickly realize that you have come to a place where people come to party as hard as they possibly can before they go home.Why do I love Rehab so much?  Is it the fact that I'm an avid daydrinker?  Likely.  Is it because the idea of going to a club on a Sunday afternoon makes be giggle and jump up and down like a school girl?  Probably.  Is it because I love partying to the edge of death with gorgeous women in barely-there bikinis?  Mostly.Before you go to Rehab, I have a few words of advice for you...-Either go to bed early (around midnight) or be like me and go to Drai's after the club and party all night before.  Then go straight to your hotel room for a quick shower and grab your boardshorts and flip-flops.  Head straight for the Hard Rock Hotel.  You need to be there by 9am or you will be in line FOREVER.  If you don't want to do that, do what we did...-GET A CABANA.  If you've got the $$$  it's definitely the way to go.  We got a Cabana and our VIP host (Shout out to the homie, Key!) met us in the lobby and we skipped the long ass-line.  A big bonus is, if you have a cabana, you can steal girls from other guys without breaking a sweat in the 110-degree heat.Me:  Hey hot girl (insert mindless banter here)Hot Girl:  Just chillin with my 7 hot girlfriends (who are all talking to Jersey Shore look-alikes).  What's that wristband for?Me:  My cabana up there (I point up to my partner in crime watching it all go down from the cabana).Girl says to friends:  Hey!  This guy's got a cabana!Hot Girl's Hot Friends instantly ditch douchebags and follow me upstairs.  I bring a nice 8-piece chick-nugget combo back to the cabana.  Everyone's happy.-Eat food.  I had the Seared Ahi Tuna Sandwich.  It was EPIC.  You don't want to drink too much (you will) on an empty stomach, get sick and throw up everywhere.  Not cool.I will never go to Vegas again without going to Rehab and ending my Vegas trip with a bang!
5	ridik! so nuts and crazy!! i never go to vegas without going to rehab! my first time was the most amazing day of my life!
5	Dear Rehab...you've stolen my party heart!By far the best time I've had in Vegas EVER...and I'm a frequent visitor! We were guests at the Paradise tower that overlooked both the strip and the pool 07/25/2010. AMAZING!!! If you are a guest of the hotel you get your wristband priority status...so no need to rush downstairs and wait in the long ass line. Hot men...even hotter chicks...strong humongous drinks (if you tip the bartenders well!! ;o) Camers are rolling the entire time so make sure you look your best!If you are planning on coming here to lounge and get a rest from the wild Saturday night you had....you are DEAD wrong!!! No sleeping allowed here!!! Music was bangin', there was enough room in the pool to dance around, surely a cute guy can cozy up to...or a VIP cabana you can join if you have a smokin' HOTT group of girls with you. I recommend you do! :o))Best Sunday day party in Vegas hands down. If you have a chance to go....don't miss it!
5	You have to do this at least once in your life.  The best Sunday party in Vegas is Rehab, a massive all day pool party at the Hard Rock Hotel pool.  Get in early because the lines are very long, or just stay at the Hard Rock and bypass the lines.  I saw several celebs while there including some of the cast of American Gladiators, Torrie Wilson from the WWE, and my friends said he recognized a rapper that was there with his crew, but I can't remember the name.  Think dancing, crazy splashing in a massive pool with the hottest music blasting all day.  In the mood to be lazy?  You can sit out on the chairs and soak up some son or rent one of the cabanas or the King sized canopy beds not far away from the pool.  There are ridiculously beautiful people everywhere you look so if you are conscious about yourself, probably not the best place to go.
5	REHAB is the best fucking place in Vegas! If you've been to Vegas and Not to Rehab, then you're missing out!!!Sunday is when all the HOT meatheads come out! OMG, I swear, I'm in HEAVEN! Everyone there is so nice! Whether they are by their Cabanas or dancing in the pool, people will offer you Plastic bottles of booze!The party doesn't stop til you pass out! Let me cut the crap and get your ass there before pool season is over!
5	Came here for my bday weekend .Dont know how much is the entrance because we didn't have to wait in line and got in free like always.we didn't bring guys and it was 3 girls so i suggest you do that to get in and dress hot but casual or come in a bathing suit.Best club/pool party ever!! i loved this place.the music,the people,the drinks,the pool,and the atmosphere.Only problem is that men there don't know how to respect women..they don't give a fu%& if you tell them you have a bf or are married. they are like a wild pack of dirty animals DESPERATE for a girl.I even had married men come up to me.It's disappointing to see how many disgusting,unfaithful men really exist and think once they come to Vegas its free pass to do what you want or something:(  ..other than that i enjoyed turning ALL of them down in the bit&%iest way possible  LOL ..too bad guys you deserve it and you know it! and the compliments and expensive free drinks for me were an ego boost so thanks..thanks a lot! :D
4	Debauchery + mayhem = Rehab @ The Hard Rock Hotel. It's sinfully tacky with loads of skin exposure and music in the sun. A pool club in the afternoon, is pretty much what it is.The major difference is the almost nudity factor which leads to loaded naughtiness.I've seen people having sex in the pool!!.Girls get in for $20 and rumor has it that guys pay $100.When its just girls, go to the front line of the VIP and pretend to think you're on the list. This was my second time back and never had to wait in line too long. You really should get there no later than 11:00am or the line will be too long.Their special Rehab drinks have diet red bull with vodka in a huge plastic cup...and little calories. Afterall, you don't want to have your wobbly fats jigglin around.This place is an adults wonderland with near naked bodies, alcohol galore, music, and slides.Mayhem.......debauchery!!!
1	Place is a joke. If you wanna party like ur in South Jersey but on the west coast then this is the place for you. It's like there's a scientist behind the velvet rope cloning juice heads haha. Let's take pictures while we purse our lips all at once. Wow that was so much fun! As a new yorker I guess I sorta felt at home reminded me of Neptunes in LI. Most people are under the influence of unlawful substances bouncing around to the same old pots and pans beat. To each's own I guess not my scene though.
4	I went to Vegas last weekend for my buddy's bachelor party and we visited Rehab on Sunday.  We had visited Ditch Friday on Friday and Encore on Saturday, so by then I had two other pool parties under my belt to compare to.  Here is how Rehab stacked up.We arrived around noon and got in line for a cabana.  We had to wait around a half hour to get one and were told it was going to be near the pool if we spent a $1500 minimum.  We ended up getting placed far away from the main pool, but close to a secondary small pool with a slide and access to the gambling area.The cabana is much smaller than the ones at Encore.  There is a small HDTV, a small fridge, and a small safe along with a cornered couch and a couple little seats with a table.  The food is reasonably priced (like Encore) and pretty good.  We got a fruit tray, a slider platter with onion rings (really good), and a cobb salad (probably the best cobb I have ever had amazingly enough).The bottles were $450 each, so definitely a bargain compared to Encore.  The service was not as good as Encore, though.  We had to ask for refills of mixers at times when at Encore there would be someone checking every 10 minutes or so (the carafes were also smaller).As for the "scenery" at Rehab, it was nothing like Encore.  There seems to be no quality control at Rehab, whereas there must be some Encore (whether we know it or not).  There are multiple pools at the facility with one main pool and a couple smaller pools and a "lazy river" type connector.  I, personally, had more fun here than Encore but see the tradeoffs between the two.Summary: Stack it up against Encore:EncoreBetter serviceBetter "scenery"Better cabana amenitiesRehabMore peopleMore poolsBetter pricesBoth are definitely fun, but depending on what you want to spend and what the most important factors are to you, consider choosing one over the other.
4	Rehab is the place to be on Sundays in Vegas. But book yourself through Monday, because the name is misleading. You will need a day of rehab after Rehab.Hotel guests pay $35 to get in; non-guests pay $100.Lounge chairs run about $250/day but include waitress service and some food/drink credit, if I remember correctly. (Don't quote me on that. That weekend is a fuzzy memory.)Overall, some of the best fun I've had during the daytime in Vegas. Definitely beats sitting a smoky casino all day.
3	Rehab is still a staple of the Vegas pool scene, but I feel like it's really not as good as it used to be a few years ago. We had a cabana and had a blast with our friends, but the crowd appeared to be less high end beautiful people and a little rough at times (like who let in the pack of old biker dudes?) Otherwise, things of note include a bag check harder than the airport, overzealous drug checks that clearly didn't catch much bc tons of girls were in the bathroom stalls holding up the line to do their drugs, and some surly staff at times (although our waitress in the cabana was excellent.) The bag checker undid every crappy wadded receipt and piece of paper in my purse, forcing me to check in my clearly dangerous makeup compact (the rationale being that I could cut the mirror in half and stab someone with it.) Seriously? Bad judge of character. Of course, every other girl in the cabana and at Rehab still had their dangerous makeup compacts. The dude in front of me had a bag full of pills confiscated and he lied and said they were aspirin (riiight.Who has a sandwich bag of blue and green round aspirin?) which they just quickly threw out as they continued to check my purse. Thanks for giving me a hard time and letting the dude with all the drugs go. I don't know who they thought they were fooling, but their show of security is lame and unnecessary because everyone knows it's useless. I think this place could definitely benefit from a little more exclusivity in crowd selection and a better door experience. But liquor wise, they have it. And it's good. Food wise, the sliders, fruit plate, and chicken fingers are really yummy.
5	Good times. If you don't get bottle service, you're doing it wrong. This is Da Hit Squads [DHS] domain!
5	Very very good times.  Went on a Saturday, so it was free for ladies.  Also, the music was much better than the crap I heard on Sunday (we did NOT go on Sunday, they were charging...but I did hear the terrible techno music while I was sitting at the regular pool).  Great people watching for sure.  Unfortunately, if you want a chair to put your stuff at/sit on, you'll have to spend at least $100...and that's per chair.  Fortunately for us, we had about 7 people with us, so spending the $100 (especially since a bucket o' beer costs $50) was easy...also, none of us really wanted to sit, so we were just able to use the chair as a storage unit of sorts.  You might want to be careful while walking around in the pool, I definitely stubbed my toe on the part where the sand ends and the cement begins.
4	Welcome to guido and guidette central.  Muscles bulging, coochies peeping through...under normal circumstances I would throw up in my mouth, but throw on the beer goggles, guzzle booze from those awesome lidded cups and proceed to scream "REHAAAAAAAAAAB!!!!!"Now let's backtrack a bit...I do NOT know how people start lining up at 8am.  I know you're not supposed to sleep when in Vegas, but um, forreals?!  My girls and I managed to get there by 12pm (an earlier wake up time was impossible).  Long line on the left is for general admission, right next to that is the line for the guest list, the line coming from the other end of the room is...I don't know and I don't care because we were on the guest list (HOLLA!)  Got my wristband, got my towel, all that's missing is booze.  Bar area is cool and covered, fans blowing like mad.  Drinks in those 20 oz-ish plastic lidded cups are $24...each.  SAY WHAT?!  Yes, $24, but watch them pour in 1/3 of a bottle of liquor (Absolut, in our case).  Best cranberry vodka and red bull vodka of my LIFE.  Of course, everything's the best after you've had a few too many, ha!Get wasted, dance your ass off, move from pool to pool, don't take anything or anyone too seriously and have a good time.  I needed rehab after a day at Rehab, but damn it was worth it!
5	Still the most awesome place for a Las Vegas Pool Party!! and it's still...The BEST way to experience REHAB is by staying at the HARD ROCK HOTEL.They've changed the rules a bit since 2009...REHAB 2010* Admission * Based on the rate of your room. You get your rehab tickets complimentary if you purchase a room for at least $170/night. Otherwise you could do what I did, purchase cheap hotel room tickets through www.vegas.com and ask at the front desk to "upgrade" your room to get your wristbands, I paid $30 for my rehab ticket. Admission also varies throughout the day, so it can be cheap in the morning ($20) to expensive during peak times ($50-$100) and back to cheap again towards the end of the party. From what I've noticed, peak/busy times are from 12pm - 4pm.*  Lines * That goes for the line to get into Rehab... there's a seperate line for VIP or Guests of Hotel from the General Admission line. As a hotel guest, if you want to get it out of the way, line up by 8am and then you could go back to bed in your Hard Rock Hotel Room. We waited approximately 40 minutes because they did not distribute wristbands til 9 am. AS FOR THE GENERAL ADMISSION LINE - That shit SUCKED! My friend had to wait 2 hours in line for her wristband, because they had to take Reservations first, then guestlist then, regular admission. Security at the VIP/Guest line would not budge with letting our friend get her wristband even though the people we purchased from let her have one. Guy was a douche on a power trip. Also goes for the line to the bathroom. You can either stand in line FOREVER for the public bathroom that is grimey from sand, water, chlorine, alcohol, whatever nastiness you can imagine. Or you can just walk up to your hotel room, to the comfort of your nice clean bathroom and use it there, that is if you can find it... (hehehe. I didn't make it, but shhhhh dont tell!)* Alcohol *Ok. Price went up a bit, from $22 to $24 for a Large sport bottle with a straw filled with 70% vodka 30% mixer. I was sporting the vodka lemonade last year... this year it was the blueberry kamikaze and OMG it was a frickin delicious!!Unfortunately, Rehab has learned their lesson and do not allow re entry of water bottles. But if you have a hotel room at the Hard Rock you are still free to take shots in your room and come back to the party whenever and as many times as you want!!! This year I took advantage of that too much and I definately had alcohol poisoning. * Party Areas *Lots of space to wade in the water and a little area to go deep into the water for a swim, But you'll rarely see anyone take an actual dip in the water and go do laps. Basically everyone kinda stands around socializing, drinking and some dancing. BEWARE. Sometimes the boys like to go crazy and splash the water... for those girls that glam up for rehab, be careful or you'll have a runny face.  I was a victim of this (minus the runny face), a crowd of boys thought it would be cool to splash me like crazy, but being already drunk it didn't matter.* People *Honestly, I busted my ass to look hot for this pool party... but in reality, no need to try hard. It's just a marketing decoy to think everyone at rehab is stick thin and sexy... NOT TRUE. I would say like 5% of the people there are thin/fit/sexy. People really just go to get drunk and dance so looks dont seem to matter. PLUS... THE MORE YOU DRINK THE BETTER LOOKING THE PEOPLE GET. =POther than that, Everyone was really nice. Staff. The people there. I think because everyone was looking to having a good time made the experience way more fun! =) Especially the people I met that day. I met a hand full of people and had an awesome time going to each others rooms taking shots and heading back to the party. It's frickin awesome.
3	One visit to Vegas last summer decided to check out rehab since my friends where having a cabana and bottle service. Our cabana was soo high up that it felt like a hike just going back up from the pool. Our waitress so happened to be the former singer from what I believed the group "blaque" years ago. The pool was so dirty that I was afraid to get in regardless, of how hot and drunk I was. But since, I got dragged from my gfs to get in, I did. The pool was so icky and warm that i felt gross in it. The people there was not cute at all! Maybe, I was just so tired from partying nights before or maybe because experiencing a better pool party at "we republic" and "ditch Friday's" at Palms that Rehab killed it for me. Only thing good was the free cabana and drinks
5	just think, crazy spring break cancun & that's what rehab in vegas is all about !! big pools deckedout with cabanas all around, tiki huts & waterfalls and also sand in the pool for a beach like feel.Note* also come here if you want to maybe be filmed & be on the tv show rehab
3	This place is good for girls but my guy friends definitely had a hard time getting in without greasing every hustling employee.  Drinks are always going to be overpriced but if you're there to get slammed, then it probably won't be worth the money.  Yes i had lotsa fun, but it was more because of the company i had with me.  The waitresses won't come back to you quick enough unless you tip them big on the first round of drinks.  Overpriced, over rated, great for out of towners.
3	This is the one that started it all, the first, big LV pool party. Having been there a few times, I guess I should write a review. Ok, so Rehab is still one of the best pool parties in Las Vegas. Encore Beach Club is probably going to catch them this year but, for the most part, it is still going to be at or on the top of the list. Staying at the HRH used to be a big PLUS when attending Rehab because you got in for free. Depending on WHERE YOU BOOK YOUR HOTEL (i.e. at the HRH website, Vegas.com, Expedia, etc..) your ROOM RATE MAY NOT QUALIFY, meaning that you will have to pay to get into the pool party. As a hotel guest, you still get the luxury of waiting in a not-so-ridiculously long line. Just remember, if you save money on the room, you are going to pay for it in line at Rehab. If you have a big group with you, better to pay the extra on the hotel and get the group in to Rehab for free. It seems as though the overall experience at Rehab depends largely on whether you are going on a three-day weekend or not. The times that I have gone on a regular weekend have tended to be the most memorable. People are more friendly, less knuckleheads, a little more space, etc... I recommend going on a regular weekend and taking Monday off. If you do go on a three-day weekend, expect MORE and LESS. MORE money, people, wait time for drinks, and knuckleheads. LESS space and than friendly people.This is not to be confused with the staff who are always on point. They used to play a lot of house music but now, mostly hip hop. I am cool with both but the house music was some of the best I have ever heard. Too bad they don't play that anymore. Rehab is still the spot in LV, don't get it twisted. Just remember to have your expectations set accordingly. If you go on a three day weekend, try and go with a large group cause people there don't seem to be as friendly and outgoing as compared to other, non-three day weekends. My friends would not let me get away without saying the following: Do not accept mints from people you don't know... TRUST, I learned that lesson the hard way (review of Sunrise Medical to follow). Finally and most importantly, STAY OUT OF THE POOL.
5	Rehab is a great time, if your not staying at the hotel you need to have at least 2 girls to every guy. It's just hassle not to stay there. If you stay there no line, no cover, no taxi line and fee afterwards. When you get there try and stick with the same bartender the entire time. Give her 20 bucks to start off with, trust me your 3-4 shot drink will get a lot stronger for you and your friends, if you can't handle your booze stick to buckets of beer. If your drinking beer there is no need for the pre 20 dollar tip but remember she will notice you all day so you don't have to worrying about the silly long bar line the entire day.
4	I went Labor Day weekend INSANITY.  I would have given this place five stars if the bathrooms weren't disgusting!   Liquor and females in bikinis what more can you ask for?If you have a room at the Hard Rock and you paid more than 180 that night for it you get in for free!  If it's less than 180 you have to pay 30 bucks. After a crazy Saturday night hit rehab for a even crazier Sunday!  Drinks are expensive but not any more expensive than any other pool party in Vegas.  Two thumbs up from me!!
4	After a full body cavity search (I mean worse than TSA) just to get in the pool, we had a great time the rest of the day. That was probably the worst part of the pool, getting in. Ladies: do not bring extra sunscreen, make up compacts, gum, large pool/ beach purses, etc. They will make you do a bag check and not let you bring it in the pool. It was a little ridiculous, to the point where I was asked to remove my jeweled phone case from my phone. I'm not really sure what I'm smuggling in the pool between my phone case, but whatever..... If you want to get away from the craziness for a bit without leaving the pool, walk over to Sky Bar. It's in the same area but not as crowded.One more thing, if you order food from a cabana or the bar, be prepared to wait at least 45 mins. Other than that ENJOY! :-)
3	It's jersey shore at a pool party.  It's all the GTL-ers in one spot.  Plastics galore.  It's what you want when you go to a pool.  The water was extremely cold and one side of the venue was clean water and the other side was just MURKY and you wouldn't even want to know what went on there.Overall a fun time where you can lie in the sun all day (if you can find an area to chill) - you have to pay for the chairs.  No point in bringing your phones - it's a pool party and you don't want your iphone accidentally get bumped...I've had this happen to too many friends.  Stick with a waterproof camera if you're wanting of the memories.$100 for girls and $150 for guys during memorial day.  Be prepared to spend a pretty penny here.  They have sorbets for sale - I like the lemon - smooth consistency (ended up finding them available at costco during the summer).  Huge covered cups of alcoholic drinks. My friends had a blast.
5	By far the best pool party in Vegas! I came here this past Sunday as a guest at the Hard Rock Hotel and quickly discovered that this was the place to be.. Drake performed at the pool as part of the Memorial Day Weekend lineup and they had a couple of guys throwing money in the air for everyone! Aside from the terrible weather (25mph winds, 65 degree weather, and a light drizzle of rain) and the freezing pool water I still managed to have an amazing time.. There are multiple pool areas to choose to sit by but the main area is in the back.. They have a grotto with a huge bar in it and drinks run for $24, but the bottle is huge and includes about 4 shots or so of alcohol and you can keep the cup! They also have gambling inside and out of the water, depending on your preference, but when I was there the weather did not allow for gambling inside the water.. The bathrooms at this venue are a little hidden so unless you've been here before you'll probably have a difficult time locating them because they're hidden inside these caves.. The music they were spinning was a mix of hip hop, rap, pop, house, trance, and top 40s but it was predominantly rap on this particular day.. The coolest thing about Rehab is their sand-bottom portion of the pool and the island in the middle of the main pool.. My friends and I braved the cold waters and walked across to dance inside the island pool.. Unfortunately not many people were dancing because they were busy being wrapped up in towels, but they failed to realize that the water in the island was warmer since it was a smaller section.. Once you start drinking and dancing you barely even notice how cold and windy it is :P I would gladly return to this pool party when I return to Vegas for LDW in a few months.. Thanks for an AMAZING time Rehab!P.S. Do not bring any liquids or pills to this venue (even birth control!) because they WILL throw it away.. and everything is checked thoroughly as they only allow 1 person at a time through their security area..
5	Best Pool Party on a Sunday Afternoon! I always come here when I go to Vegas with my girls! We always have the time of our life. Last time we were here was on a Labor day weekend. They have various pools to choose from and the atmosphere is just great. Next time I will definitely be staying here so that I won't have to wait in line for 2 hours!
2	Went back again last year, the line looked like a whole bunch of Jersey shore dudes and I mean almost all dudes! The girls who were in line were not the hot 9's and 10's of years past....these girls looked like they drank a keg before the showed up to the pool.....the crowd has really gone down hill.....were it used to be 2-3 hot girls for every guy there were now 2 guys for every girl and most those girls were only 5's with a few hotter ones in line occassionally with their "5" friends......think I'll stick with WET republic or the sorts.
5	By far best pool party ever after my boys Mike White's pool parties hahahahaah . I went to Las Vegas to celebrate one of my homies birthday and we stayed at the Hard Rock Hotel and Casino for the weekend. Everybody that stayed at that hotel was talking about "the Sunday pool party". So we were curious to find out about it. Our room came with the "Rehab Package" which included admission to the pool party. INSIDE TIP - IF YOU ARE IN VEGAS AND PLAN TO ATTEND THE REHAB POOL PARTY STAY AT THE HARD ROCK HOTEL. The lines are crazy.... If you are not a guest you may see yourself in line for hours and the prices change over time. You may pay from $50-$250 depending on the day. During holiday weekends you may see yourself in general admission line literally watching the prices change. If you staying at the hotel the line is shorter plus the price is already included with the room no oscillations. If you in Vegas on a Sunday and want to PARTY LIKE A ROCKSTAR this is the place to be. In occasions you may bump into famous people such as Lil Wayne, Drake, Lil Jon and others! Check it out!
5	Absolutely worth it!! My boyfriend really wanted to go to Rehab for his 30th and a bunch of us flew in to do this - I was a little hesitant just not knowing what to expect, but I would HIGHLY recommend this venue and party. Info: We booked a centralized cabana and it had a $4000 minimum, but could get in 12 people.  The cabana itself could seat about 5-6 at a time which was great for some relaxation out of the sun and then just prepping to go back out.  Pricing was pretty similar to bottle service at most clubs - $300 for Ciroc (regular), $475 for Grey Goose, etc. They provide TONS of mixers, the cups are stocked regularly - the service is AMAZING. (We had Beverly - if you can request servers, ASK FOR HER)  DON'T FORGET TO ORDER FOOD.  We ended up almost not hitting our minimum and a few people commented they didn't realize the food menu was in the drink price book. The scenery is fun (hilarious people watching, but HOT people everywhere) but it was comfortable at the same time.  FUN is encouraged - it's not a plastic party. There are truly beautiful people there and that's to be expected, but no one really cares unless there's a drink in their hand and a smile on their face. I adored the swim up blackjack and walk-up blackjack and roulette.  The swim up blackjack minimum was $15 a hand which was awesome - I spent plenty but it was nice to not have to bet more - and the pit crew is great about making sure betters are attended to (with drinks, everything!) Like other people said, the bag check is pretty strict - I had a typical "beach bag" and it was too big to take in.  They were really nice, but it is a $10 fee to check bags so we all combined them into one "item".  The hosts are great - very friendly and excited to welcome you - overall it was TOTALLY worth the $$ and I would recommend it in a heartbeat.
5	okay excuse my french but this is the motherfu*ckin party of the fu*kin year!!!! i just came here for my bday weekend and all i have to say is SCREW night clubbin in vegas!!!!! it's all about them pool parties!rehab has officially changed my life.i had the time of my life!!!! we got a cabana which was away from the madness which was also great to get away from the craziness for a bit. we were where the circular pool was. and when we felt like getting a little crazy we went down to where the huge party was at. we actually made our way to the middle of the pool which was where all the fun was. people were constantly splashing water so if you want to be a party pooper and not get your hair wet don't go in the pool or dont go to a pool party.i brought all that energy back to the mellow pool (where our cabana was) and started splashing everyone there and this one breezy told me to stop spashing and i started splashing her. i even chased her with a cup trying to get her. LOL completely wasted. i actually kinda feel bad now that i think about it but WTF it's an effin pool party. don't go to a pool partying expecting not to get wet. TWSS.my withdrawals are so bad we already booked another rehab trip in august for august babies. i CANNOT wait!!!! a little advice ladies: dont wear a tube top bikini. you're most likely to to have an accident. this time "they" will be secured and locked in with straps. LOL!!!
4	Went here twice. Once in 2010, and recently 2011 for my 25th bday.Places like this make me appreciate being involve in the fitness world. Fellahs: If you don't work out and take pride at being fit, don't expect to get attention from ladies unless you're a rich prick who rocks a blow out , afflication tee and lease a 5-series BMW.Ladies: Keep doing what you do best. Make the fellahs train hard all yr to show off their chistle abs by wearing the most exotic bikini imaginable.
4	Ladies and Yelp peeps! This is a FREAKIN PARRRRRRTTTTY! We had to come here during our Vegas run and it did not dissapoint! From the start the music was bumping, and the people were partying their as off!!!!! Granted, you can pot every pic (Hells no!), but there are some great ones to post. Let me tell you, when you have a dude in the restroom having a pissing contest with you, yes literally, and then the next minute you see condoms floating around the pool, and then see....Well, damn, I can go one and one. The long island that they give you are the bomb! You have to roll to the center pool, no, not the side, the center because thats where all the action is!So in short, bring your party groove, thirst, and energy, because you will need it to keep up with the party at this place! The ladies are awesome! Keep up the good work.  Guys, keep up the splash on the ladies but try not to knock them out of the pool!Ok peeps, you know where you have to roll!
5	This place is addicting!Wow, I have so many pics and stories of this place that will absolutely never be on Yelp, Facebook, or any other place that a potential family member, future girlfriend or co-worker can see!   There are pools in Vegas for just about every appetite, and this is THE one to go to if you are interested in one massive, insane frat party.  It is like the legendary Spring Break party you have seen on TV and always wished you were at!Rehab is only open Sunday's, and since I was going on 4th of July weekend I was concerned about the stories of people lining up at 8am to get in at 11am.  I ended up getting there about 9:30, and they actually let me right in.  Sweet.I grabbed a prime spot on the edge of the pool and relaxed as I waited for my hungover friends to wake up from our drunken night clubbing.  And look at the pics folks, this place gets packed!  If you want to sit anywhere you better get there early and claim your spot.  But honestly, having been there myself now, if you are sitting down anywhere in this place longer than the time it takes to catch your breath from partying, then you are wasting your time here!  Once my friends arrived, we left that spot and didn't sit down again the rest of the day.Get in shape!! Not a requirement of course, but again, look at the pics.  'Nuff said.People are dancing all over the place, but the spot to be is right in the middle of the main pool where the grass shade umbrellas are.  There is a shallow inner pool there, and the party kicks up to a whole new level.  Because people are all dancing on the edges of the tile wall that separates this small inner pool from the rest of the pool, it is like they form a people barrier that you can't easily see through if you are elsewhere in Rehab.  Perhaps this, combined with dancing in the middle the whole pool, is what makes people go even that much crazier here.  I recommend hanging out here if you really want to experience what Rehab is all about.They DO NOT allow bags into the pool.  Guys, I recommend walking into this place with only a few waterproof items:1) ID and credit card or cash.  Trust me the credit cards can get wet and still work.2) Car key.  Not the whole key chain, just take the stupid car key off and put it in your pocket!3) If you want to bring a camera to give someone else material to blackmail you with, make it a waterproof one, and only have one for the group, that way you don't have to hold onto it the whole time.That's it.  Forget the phone, there is plenty of time to check your tweets and texts when you are recovering Sunday night.  Girls, I didn't see any pockets on those bikinis, so keep it light and find someone to hold your stuff for you.  Things will get stolen here, so don't leave any gear unattended!The music is great and loud, as it should be.  The drinks are expensive as you would expect and come in large plastic cups that double as a way to throw water on people as soon as you finish your drink.  If you are not a drinker you will feel out of place here.Cabanas and lounge chairs.  Why?   Really, why?  Spend insane amounts of money to hang out in a cabana and people watch?  Live it up people, get into the pool, stay there and have fun!Entrance Fees:  Prices start at $20 for girls and $40 for guys.  Girls can probably find comp VIP passes through a promoter as well.  Warning though, as the day goes on, the prices go up.  So while I paid $40, the prices got up to $100 later in the afternoon (just to get in the door).And if you are wanting to come here with your spouse, boyfriend/girlfriend, etc, I don't really recommend it.  There are much better pool parties in Vegas (like Wet Republic) with a great dance vibe and a lot of fun that are not so potentially damaging to a relationship.  There is a lot of eye candy here for girls and guys, combined with a 'Let's just go crazy and party!' vibe that can get a lot of couples in trouble!  So if you have read some of the reviews and are thinking to yourself how AWESOME this place sounds and that it is exactly the kind of pool party you need to experience at least once; then as I lie in intensive care recovering from shock, dance exhaustion, sun stroke, alcohol poisoning, and praying for forgiveness, I raise my margarita in a toast.  See you at the Rehab!
5	Oh Rehab, some of you seen it on TV how wild this pool party gets. Well forget that. Come to the Hard Rock in Vegas and experience it for yourselves if you haven't already!On Sundays, after a long weekend of sleepless gratification and promiscuity on the Strip, Rehab can continue your pleasure seeking ways. Adults only which is cool and yeah a few people do get naughty up in there. Must be the heat hahaKnow it will cost us guys a bit to get in unless you're a hotel guest in a luxury suite/room. Rehab doesn't have a fixed admission price, it varies throughout the day depending on crowd, how busy it is and whether is a holiday weekend. Guys pay 50-300 and girls 20-100. People start lining early to get their wristbands so expect some wait but is worth it! On weekdays is more mellow and not as crazy crowded. Admission is around 20-30 and free for some.Drinks are expensive but the service is great. There is a gambling area by the bar at the center of the two main pools for you blackjack junkies. Great music and cabanas for rent, if getting bottles with bunch of your friends this is def the way.Oh yeah, hot sexy girls all over!Came to Rehab with the ex-GF one time and she slapped me for supposedly "staring at another girls body" for too long. Huh what? I played dumb like she was talking silly but didn't matter, I had it coming but dude seriously how could I not look? Not taking a girl here anymore screw that.
4	Rehab was definitely better than Wet in many ways: 3x bigger, 2 large pools (with a deep end in one and a waterslide in another!), shaded umbrella areas within the pool so you can stay out of the sun while you're in the water (don't plan on not getting wet though, everyone is incredibly splashy so cover your drinks!). Very crowded but there's a ton more space to accomodate all the crowd.Food and drink prices are much more reasonably priced than Wet. And you get a Rehab waterbottle out of it. Plus points for having $8 chicken burgers at the grill. Oh and to be on a lounge chair you need to spend at least $100 on food and drinks per chair. And to get in is $30 for women and $50 for men I think if you're not on a guestlist--pricey but it's Vegas.
5	I lost my Rehab virginity on Sunday and I must say, it was real good... It was overcast that day with a light rain but it cleared up quick.. Beautiful women all around ready to get shit crackin in and out of the pool..The music was pretty good. They catered to the LA crowd a lot and the International crowd which was making me kinda up set. But all of a sudden when my ppls were in the pool the played Too $hort "Blow The Whistle" And The party really got started... Outsiders (Non BAY AREA ppl) were staring hella hard at all of us (almost with jealousy)  bc we was acting a fool and getting it crackin in the pool, and they played some E-40 also so that made my day at the pool. There was a lot of kissing, lip biting and grabbing of parts on both parties involved in my little group.Niggas get pretty fucked up there so around I would say 230-300 ppl start getting a little stupid bc of all the drinking. I seen a dude almost crack his head going into the pool and was then taken out by wheel chair bc he was messed up. Also I seen a fight in the water, so use caution, ppl were splashing water at me and my ppl for no damn reason and I almost went off on them, but my lady friends calmed me down. By our area we saw what I believe a Brazilian chick with prob one of the nicest A$$'s I have ever seen in my life. Don't know if it was real or not but my boys home girls grabbed it and she said it was hella nice. Her "Brazilian dude" was trippin when I wanted to take a pic with her ass in my face and he wanted me to play a bird "$100" to take a pic I said "Nigga please yo chick got a cool A$$ but I ain't that desperate bruh" He looked at me funny I was kinda wishing he would so something to me so I could Fuck him up and still grab his girls cheeks in the progress bc it was the end of the day  anyways lol.But yeah.. One of the best times I ever had. I highly recommend that u go there, I guarantee u will not regret it...
3	So majority of the people love this place, I not so much. If I was to describe it with an adjective and a noun it would be SHIT SHOW. Here is my humble opinion. If you like the TSA security check, dirty brown water, occasionally deaths that are sweeped under the floor, yeast infections from going in the water, watching live porn- i.e bj's in the pool by skanky girls on guys who have a false grandiose opinion on themselves, overly tanned overly big boobed girls in overly high wedges, wearing obviously too much makeup in 100 plus degree weather... I guess this place is awesome. Just make sure you get your penicillin shot before planning your trip and wear a full body condom so you don't catch an STD or get pregnant because you decide to go in the water. My public service announcement to you all. Shit Show. Middle American meets Jersey Juice Heads and wanna be sluts. Compared to Marquee, Encore Beach Club, and even Wet Republic they don't even have the hottest DJs spin at Rehab. Afrojack, Kascade, LaidBack Luke, David Guetta all big name DJs do sets at Marquee, EBC, and Wet but are not at Rehab!! I guess Rehab just gets the volume of people because deep down inside we all aspire to be dirty girls and boys. I raise my glass to you all!!
5	THE.BEST.TIME.EVER.Upsides: - Huge drinks- Huge pools- Fun people- Water slide!!- Hot bartenders/waitresses- Pumpin music- - GREAT TIMEDownsides: - Tight security who are generally just pissed off (can you blame them? They deal with drunk people all day) and we still got stuff stolen.- Drinks are EXPENSIVE!- Pool gets kinda gross. I even got an ear infection from the water slide)Tips:- Drink in your room if you can at least some of the time!- Bring NOTHING valuable with you!- Don't even bring your phone.. one wrong move and WHOOPS!- If you do happen to drown your phone, Mr. Lucky's has rice! Skip Pink Taco. They dont... weirddddd!Honestly, this was an experience that when I die, I will likely flash back to. It was THAT MUCH FUN! So, just do it!
5	RAGE, RAGE, RAGE Beautiful people everywhere... the best way to spend your Sundays out in Vegas...
4	This place was awesome. Got there around midday and it was already kicking. People were everywhere and it was so hot. Hard to find anywhere to put towels down but everyone was cool about sharing space.Ended up sitting behind this day bed where guys were licking chocolate from girl's bodies, it was off the hook to see this and they girls just didn't care, they were having an awesome time.Took us a while to get into the water but when we did, wow. Splashing water everywhere, DJ playing amazing tracks, we were just missing some girls on our side but the eye candy around the cabanas and dancing on the pool edge was brill. There were some lesbians dancing next to us which was wild.The pool was not very clean but we knew about this, we had to experience this once in our lives and we are glad we did. Spoke to some people who said it was much better than Wet Republic because it was more relaxed and all about having a good time.Hard to get drinks but the atmosphere was enough to get high on.
4	Finally I get to Rehab after living here for 6 years. I was glad I was staying at the hotel since we got wristbands & no cover.It is one hell of a party! They played much better on Sunday than they did on Saturday so that was nice.They search you like your a terrorist before you can enter and dont let ya bring in anything.Large drinks in the Rehab sippy cups are 30 bucks & the servers are way overloaded with orders so they are a bit slow but thats to be expected.It really is crazy how many people they cram into the pool area for this event.
2	The pool here is really nice and a great place to sit.  The sand is nice to have and it is really nicely done.  However the staff here ruined my experience.  Everyone was a total jerk.  If I walked inside to use the bathroom, they started yelling at me for ID or a room key, which were located at my chair and I would tell them and they would say sorry you can't go in then.  I told them they just saw me leave to use the bathroom and they wouldn't remember and finally let me pass.  The pool waitress took forever and were all really grumpy.  If it wasn't for the staff I would probably come back, but I think I will skip this next time.
2	This pool is beautiful. The sand and trees and overall layout are very attractive and enjoyable. My experience with the staff here completely ruined my afternoon. We kept waiting for the waitress to come around and 15 minutes later I gave up and walked 10 minutes away to get an overprice quesadilla. The people at the pool restaurant were curt and unhelpful with my order. Everyone seemed to have a holier than thou attitude instead of going with the chill atmosphere of a beach-y pool. The signage here is also AWFUL. Looking for the bathroom? No signs for that. Searching for a snack? No signs for that either. Hoping to escape the snobby pool setting and head home? Nope no sign for the exit. Take a map and be prepared to be met with snobbery.
4	I really wanted to do something in Vegas that didn't include drinking, but I just couldn't help it. On my last day we decided to go to rehab since we wanted to leave with a bang and yes we did! Rehab was a blast. They serve drinks in big plastic cups which is good. You don't have to go to the bar every 30 min. There are 2 pools...the main "crazy" pool and the second "chill" pool. You can also gamble in the water. How cool is that? We met some fun people and partied like crazy. My poor friend had to get carried out lol. The line was about 20 min long around 12 and they also close the guest list at 12 so get there early!!
5	Best Pool party in Vegas!!  Shout out to my girl Bex, who hook it up with a dope Cabana for a great deal!  Thanks for everything Bex..you alway look out for a brotha!  Holla at my girl Bex and she will give you great deals on the hottest spot in Vegas.
4	Came to Rehab for the first time with my girlfriends this past Sunday. We've always been meaning to go, but yknow how Vegas goes - hangovers and whatnot, we never make it on time and we hear the line is always long. So this year, to make sure we were successful at going to Rehab, we stayed at the Hard Rock hotel.We got to Rehab around 11am and there wasn't any wait. You enter from inside the Hotel, from the hotel guest line. They'll require that you have your room key. You can also bring friends with you (who aren't staying at the hotel). $25 for girls $50 for guys (with room key).Get there early, as the pool and sand area gets filled quickly - esp if you want a spot in the shade. The cabanas are like $3k and each chair (YES, each lawn chair) is $150, so if you're not a big baller like I am, you'd want to get there early to reserve a cool, free spot.Biggest pool party/adult playground I've been to in Vegas. Had a great time :) Music was also good. They play non mainstream trance before noon, but once it gets crowded, they'll play more hiphop/main stream music.
5	Went to Vegas for a duel bachelor party and went to  Rehab on Sunday. The best pool party I've ever been too! Met many beautiful woman from all around the world.  Thanks to an old friend Bex from back in the day. She works there and made sure everyone had a great time! Gave our group an excellent deal on the Cabana's and drink service. Will be back soon!-Carlo
4	Reserve a cabana, grab a group and stay all day.  You won't be sorry!!
1	This review is for Relax on Mondays.  No shade, no free seating, house music, we walked right out & headed for Tao Beach.
5	Never been to a Vegas pool party before and this was an experience!Swim up blackjack, water slide, TV in the cabana, great service, this place is a good time! The sand bottom pool is a nice change, and makes it feel more like an actual beach. I suggest you find a "promoter" to "get a deal" on a cabana. If you have been to vegas you know the game you have to play to get a spot. Everyone has a price, and everyone can offer a "deal".The food was excellent as well. Overall was a fun time, ridiculous people watching, and hold on to your girlfriends and wives!
5	I Returned to Rehab for Labor Day weekend and I must say it was pretty cracking. Me and my home girl went to Vegas on a "spur the moment weekend trip" and it was worth it.. When I got there it was hella hot there was no on and off rain this time and I wasn't too wacked out of my mind this time like I was last time I was there... A lot of ppl there to party no drama just ppl who wanted to end the summer right. Once again I saw a guy leave in a wheelchair which was not surprising. Saw that dude Wycleff at the pool as well acting a fool getting it cracking in the water haha.. And I also saw track star Carol Rodriguez there too looking gorgeous as usual and had a nice convo with her as well. Music was pretty good the only played a few Bay slaps but thats kinda expected (Vegas/LA crowd) but overall I had a good time had a few drinks, met some pretty women, got a little play so it was good for me..
3	Rehab was okay.  I went today around 1pm expecting extreme lines and expensive cover, but it was only $60 to get in and the wait was less than half an hour for a single guy with no females.  The security is also not as bad as others have mentioned.  It lasted only 3 seconds since I only had a car key, credit card, and ID.When I walked in, there was a lot of people and most of them were attractive.  However, it wasn't as packed as it looks on video and in photos.  Even at 4pm it wasn't that packed, which I guess is a good thing.  Not a lot of people were dancing and only two people were making out.  In other words, Rehab is NOT as crazy as you're thinking it is!!Finally, the drinks are extremely expensive, and I'm talking $28 for a single drink, but buckets of Heineken Light were only $25 (5 beers).  Honestly I wouldn't come back here though, because it really wasn't that crazy.
4	Holy Shit - what a freakin good time!Yes, it's:Expensive!DouchyAffliction-riddenFake tannedSuperficialEtc.But I loved every minute of it.If you're not a hotel guest well then I don't know, but we got free passes and walked right in, no line. Sunday (Labor Day Weekend) had the biggest crowd and after a few drinks it's easy to lose yourself to the music, splashing and general debauchery that Rehab has to offer.The staff was actually pretty cool. Not to firm with the whole bag check/searching, but no bubble gum.The wait staff (I grabbed a chair the first day) was super. She was attentive, sweet and playful - everything you could want at this local.The food (what little I ordered), chicken fingers or something was actually decent and came hot and within 15 minutes.The big drinks in tumblers were ~$25-30 and expect to put away 1 every 2 hours.All in all, it was great and I can't wait to do it again! I just hope the frontliner doesn't stage dive on me again ;)ps Thanks for the champaign Wyclef!
5	Rehab is the best pool party in Vegas. Done deal.
5	The Pool Party that started it all is still going strong in 2011. Great DJ, awesome service, and plenty of eye candy.  Some tips on making your Rehab experience 5 Star.  First it helps to be a guest of the Hard Rock, I guess this would hold true for any of the pool parties that go on in Vegas.  The hotel is looking to accommodate its guest in every way. It pays to just roll out of bed and be escorted to your cabana instead of cabbing it and being stuck in line with droves of thousands who showed up for the party.  Tip #2 get a cabana, yes it's expensive(prices vary depending on the size of your party) but soooo worth it. Especially if your staying in one of the "Dime" Pool Suites that surround Hard Rocks pool like we did.  This way you have the experience that you somehow through this crazy party, instead of simply attending a really crazy party.  If you drank too much you can go right to the room and sleep it off.   You don't have to wait in line for drinks or the bathroom,vip status.  The Pool Suits are situated about 5 feet from the cabanas although it doesn't come with the cabana.  You have to pay for it which we did on Saturday and Rehab Sunday.(I spent half my time in Vegas by the pool and I'm fine with that)Security is tough, they didn't give us too much of a hard time but I wouldn't bring any contraband in(do whatever you do before you get there)  Not only will you get kicked out of the party and lose whatever deposit you put on your cabana, you'll get arrested, true story.    Also the food was killer, perfect drunk grub. Get some burger sliders and chicken fingers to soak up some of the alcohol. By the end you'll be ready for a disco nap.
4	An amazing experience. The only thing keeping this from a five star review is the steep cover charge and per drink price. This place should be a 4.5 or 4.75. The pool is packed with beautiful and social people. You will meet both domestic and international travelers all looking to enjoy some fun in the sun.  Also, the music is great! The best advice is to get here early, and plan for an all day experience. This is a must-see for anyone going out to Vegas. I plan on returning in the future as well.
5	Most Wild, insanely ridiculous fun time I will never forget! Wasn't too bad I had champagne in Don Johnson's cabana...hahaha. We went from our cabana down to the pool and danced our butts off. The center of the pool is where it's at! Best pool party in the world! At least I assume to believe so.
5	Fake tits? An ocean of them..Slutty bikinis? these women must be prostitutes..Trashy? I think people are having sex in the pool.....and I LOVE it!If once you have ever cursed being a girl, redeem yourself here! It's easy being a girl in las vegas, so if you know your tricks, work your magic to the front :) If you have boys in your group, good luck; you deserve to wait in line. I go every year like clock work and it never gets old. It is a plethora of sins and debauchery; a pandora's box in paradise. This is a completely superficial  and trashy city, so play along with it or GTFO!This is not for the timid. Fortune favors the bold.
1	WTF just happened to me?   How did I end up here?  People are paying money for this?!  These were my initial reactions upon accidentally finding myself at this college movie gone wrong (or maybe right?).  How did this happen?  Let me tell you.  Late Sunday morning, I left my hotel room at the Hard Rock with my gf and casually strolled through the casino in search of the pool.  We were both carrying our kindles and ready to enjoy a quite layout by the pool as we read the last book in the Inheritance Cycle.  Basically just your average nice little Sunday.  As we got to the hallway leading to the pool, a security guard looked at me (I was wearing board shorts, a tank top, and big ol' sunhat) and asked if I was a guest at the hotel.  I said yes and he let me go by.  About 3 feet later I hit another security guard that asks me for my i.d.  I thought this was weird but I produced my i.d. from my pocket and he let me by.  I then get to a table with two security guards that want to check everything we have in our hands and pat us down.  I'm getting very suspicious at this point that we are entering a situation that we are not quite ready for.    The security guard that is checkin my stuff opens my kindle, looks at it long and hard, then looks at me, and shrugs.  I wanted to tell her that it was a kindle but I'm starting to suspect that she knew what it was and was more just surprised I would think of bringing it in there.  We go through the doors and enter a world that I did not know existed outside of MTV spring break or the Jersey Shore.  Tons of ripped and roided out dudes, chicks with fake everything in teensy tiny bikinis and remixed versions of remixes blasting throughout.  Everyone is rhythmically splashing water to the beat of ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass.... STOP..... etc.  I could see this being fun if you devoted your life to achieving a god-like body and had nearly infinite money to spend on getting in and buying drinks.  But for a couple of kindle reading nerds, it was not the place to be.  After watching the reckless depravity for about 15 minutes we saw a sign that said Nirvana Pool.  We headed towards it in hopes of some reprieve.  As we were leaving the area a security guard stopped me and asked to see my wrist.  I did so without understanding where this was going and she informed me that I should have a wristband to be in the area I was in.  I told her they never gave me one and she said that I should have gotten one when I paid.  I told her I didn't pay and she said they should have made me pay $60!!  She was going to let me stay but she warned me that if I left she couldn't let me back in.  I told her I was never going back there again and gladly left.  Long story short, the actual normal pool area is near Vanity.
2	Holy...cr*p!  I have never seen so many ridiculously Jersey Shore wannabe people in my life!  It was honestly pretty funny to watch but I just thanked my boobs for getting me in for free because it is ridiculously expensive if you're a guy.  And then they want to charge you $10 to search any larger bags you may be carrying with you.  The drinks were ridiculously expensive and in all honesty, I just didn't understand why this was labeled one of the places you have to go as a single young person in Vegas.  It wasn't that impressive and honestly, I thought the lazy river at MGM Grand was way more fun.
4	It's a zoo, it's  circus, it's a rave, it's Rehab. OK, so you're in Vegas on Sunday, this is pretty epic place to check out.  It's at Hardrock, so you've started out pretty good. The music is decent, although it's was  a little heavy on the hip hop, crunk genre this time; I like it, just don't want to hear only that. The scenery is out of control, not all good, mind you, but "must see" none-the-less. You'll see more skin here than you will at a strip club. Tattoos abound. The drinks are good, the Rehab bartenders don't F*@$ around, especially if you throw a fat tip on the first round. Jamie Fox & NeYo were there on this trip, which was pretty cool, the atmosphere was pretty amped. Now for the minuses:Expensive, I was a hotel guest & I had to pay $50 for my "Complimentary" pass. I heard that by 2pm it was $100 for women & $300 for men, and that it would go higher. Refrickindonkulous!  It used to be free for hotel guests. The drinks, though well poured, are not cheap. I was just with two buddies, $84 per round, not including a tip for  Morgan & Cokes in the Rehab tumblers. The biggest minus was the line. I blame it on a variety of things. No signage indicating hotel guests versus "General Admission".  No signage for reentry (if you'd been in and had a wristband). Hotel Security in a word, sucked. They let all sorts of line cutting occur, they dilly dallied with the physical security check. I stood in line for the better part of two hours (11:45 to 1:28) and when we finally got in, it was maybe 60% capacity. #epic fail. Still, where else are you going to see a tramp stamp that says "Satisfaction Guaranteed"? We'll go back, but probably get in line a little earlier. I had asked the security guy the day before & he told me, just be in line by 1pm & you're good. Obviously that wasn't the case, but maybe it was extra busy for Memorial Day weekend.
4	I want to say if you have the coin and right people on the right day, this is your spot. Beautiful servers, dancers, and people. Can't beat it off the strip but you need the coin for sure.dp
1	Went there for memorial day weekend the racist bastard at the door did want to let me in because of my foreign Belizean ID from the Belizean Embassy in Los Angeles. He was very rude to me and my party yelled at us and told us to leave the building or he would call the cops. It was a very stressful ordeal now Rehab dont want to refund us our money.I left emails and called and still no response. They need to learn to respect customers. Iam 28 years old and was being treated like a minor trying to use a fake ID.... I will never give up..
1	I've been going to rehab for the last few years and its been on a fast decline the last 2 years.  It started when they got rid of all the Helles Belles dealers inside so now the casino is half full on weekends and club Vanity is far down the list of popular clubs.  I went to Rehab on Memorial weekend and can finally say I am done with this pool scene as it now draws a crowd of mostly degenerates and low end undesireables.  The classy people have all moved on to EBC, Wet Republic or Marquee.
5	Unstoppable, did cabanas twice for two separate bachelor parties.  Pricey, but you should already know that you need to go big in Vegas.  Feels like the spring break I always imagined.  Hot crowd, ready to party, everyone is friendly and going insane.  Great vibe.  Rehab's still got it
1	nothing good happens at club rehab lolHampton Beach NH is the same, just add cocaine and E-junkies make the world go round-keep rollin crackheads
1	Came to Rehab during EDC; fortunately, Paul Oakenfold was DJing the day we were there so music was decent. But the pool was really, really cold and murky. The crowd was not hot... dare I say, trashy? Yes. Probably the least attractive crowd of all pool parties I've ever been to. Besides that though, it was relatively easy to get a drink at the bar... I'd say stick to Encore or Marquee for day parties.
3	This was the best part of the HRH!! The only bad thing about this place was the ridiculous price they asked for a lay out chair. They were requiring $100 per chair on top of the $30 to get into...a free pool. I absolutely LOVE the set up of the pool and love that there's a sandy area. The day my girl friends and I went, Wycleft Jean was set to preform but never came on while we were there...
5	Rehab is a fantastic Sunday pool party! I will upload some pics.I have been here many Sundays over the various Las Vegas summers. Most recently, I was here with a group of models for a party hosted by Timbaland and sponsored by Localites.TV. Localites was there to search for their next MMA Ring Card Girl. I was there to hang out in their cabana, have a cocktail and enjoy my Sunday Funday, but a few of the girls I was with participated in the bikini competition.Rehab is definitely very crowded so if you don't have a set up (i.e. cabana) it would be dangerously easy to get lost in the crowd. The cabanas I prefer are one level up from the ground level, one level up from the jam-packed crazyness.I know several of the cocktail waitresses who work here and they are all beautiful and on point. Service is definitely not lacking. And I love that Rehab is the only pool party that offers you giant plastic water bottles (Disneyland style) except the main difference is that your Rehab giant water bottle is filled with alcohol. Fun!
5	This is a complete shit show and awesome time. Looking at the pictures the next day was almost like the end credits of The Hangover. Amazing.At first I was a little worried when we walked in since it was packed and we were a little lost as far as where to go but we grabbed some drinks and managed to scout out a little area not by the main pool area to sit down. Have some drinks, start people watching and before you know it you're hanging out with a bunch of new people having the time of your life.Cabanas, daybeds and such are stupid expensive and unless you can manage a crazy deal not worth it. We had a great time without it. And the $20 drinks aren't a bad deal since they're huge and even though its not top shelf alcohol at least they don't skimp on it. It's probably even a good deal considering the normal price of drinks in Vegas clubs.I need to go back...ASAP.***Also you are not allowed to bring in gum, anything glass (MIRRORS INCLUDED) or any bag that is bigger than an 8 1/2" x 11" piece of paper. Bring as little stuff as possible just in case. Security is a little nuts and they do check your bag thoroughly as well as pat you down. Don't bring towels either since they have them there for no charge aside from a tip bucket out for the towel girl***
5	We partied here 07/22/12. This was my third go @ Rehab. Not much I can add to my initial review except for that it's as good as I remembered it the first two times I was here.We had a group of 6 guys and 3 girls and got a couch by the stage area where Sean Paul performed. Our server was great. Updated us on the tab every couple hours and was friendly and personable when providing service. Once again, Rehab didn't disappoint. In the last 4 years I have attended all of the pool parties at all the major hotels. The only other party that came close was F**K me I'm Famous @ Wet. Encore is becoming too stuffy and people are more concerned about not getting their hair wet, than having a good time. I'm all about looking impressive at the pool, but not at the expense of having fun! Water splashing, people dancing, and they even have a water slide!!! I am more into the atmosphere, fun people, dancing crowds, strong drinks and an overall amazing time. Rehab has been the only pool consistently delivering a great party. It's what Sunday funday is all about. Get here!
5	Let's see....1. I don't have to dress up2. No heels??3.Swimming pool4. LOTS LOTS of LiquorThis needs to be on your list to do before leaving Vegas So much fun....if you don't have fun here....then maybe you shouldn't be in Vegas???Fun people...great bartenders....bikinis and trunks...come on!!! I came here when the LMFAO song Party rock first came out...so of course the DJ kept playing it but besides that very small detail...it was the best club I went to in Vegas. I will admit I didn't remember alot but the pictures I looked thru the next day brought back some memories;)
2	Yawn! Seriously reading the reviews only girls gave this place a good review, most guys didnt care for it because its true.  It's a place that attracts a lot of drunk stupid loose girls.  Of course its good for guys who are looking to screw a few bitches, but when I go to a pool I like to enjoy the company and not get fucked for over-priced drinks because I have a cock and not a vagina.  I ordered 2 corona's and a screwdriver.  The girl next to me orders a rum and coke and 2 bud lights.  My total $42, her total $26.  Same bartendar, I asked him WTF, the girl laughs at me (fucking fat bitch) and the bartender tells me well thats the way it is $42 for you. (FUCK you bartender, I hope your dick falls off) How the fuck you going to over charge me for the same shit a girl is ordering.  Yet another place that fucks over guys for bitches.  Pisses me off and honestly only pushes your customers away. I didnt see one bouncer in the rehab pool at all and their were 2 guys fighting, another drunk guy pushing people in the pool, and a group of drunk girls throwing food in the pool.  Seriously fuckin trashy ass people.  If they were good looking and entertaining then I would've gave this place a zero.  FAIL!!!!!! Fuck this shithole.
5	Came here for Labor Day with a buddy.  This place has the best pool party in town, of course that's if your looking for drunk, crazy, wild times, then this is the right spot.  Rehab and Paradise Beach really rock!!  Now to give you context, I've been to Ditch Friday's at the Palms, Wet Republic, TI, Flamingo's, and Encore Beach.  This isn't a high end yuppy crowd like Encore Beach or Marquee Pool, this is a real rock n roll kind of scene, people with tats, chicks wearing barely anything, buff dudes, etc, basically your typical party crowd.  I FREAKING LOVE THIS PLACE!!!  I'll be back next year, save my spot at the pool!
3	I do have to agree with Yelper: Greg D., this is douche-bag heaven. Tons of dudes.. not really sure what the dude-girl ratio was. But whatevs.We got in for free & we had to check our bags in before we entered. If your bag is too big you'll have to check it in so pack lightly! I brought my wristlet & camera but even my wristlet seemed too bulky when we got to the actual pool.Apparently this is the biggest pool party in Vegas & I do have to agree. This place has cabanas, daybeds & booths up the yang! The coolest thing I saw was the swim up blackjack table! When we entered they were playing hip-hop so we thought we would have a great time since we were edm'd out from Deadmau5 the night before. But as soon as we entered the pool, it was house music the whole 2 hours there. Needless to say we weren't feeling it at all.It was alright, word of advice to the DJ,... mix it up every once in a while.
5	Service is a 10!  Which in my opinion, means almost everything when you're spending 1k and above!We went on 9.29.12 for my friends bachelorette party and had a blast!Even though we HATED the music, lol, until like 5pm when they played hip hop, we loved everything else.  Atmosphere, greatService, greatCabanas, great, comfortable, has a safe for your belongingsPool, well we went on Saturday so it was the perfect amount of peopleYou can go to swim up black jack tablesFood, greatWorth your money!
4	Expensive drinks! I love how they have real sand in the pool, it gives it that beach feel.
2	REHAB: TWO WORDS: SHIT STORM.I'm gonna break it down in a few words:1. DOUCHE LORD CENTRAL2. Get a cabana/day bed.3. Don't get in the water. You may get pregnant. I've seen many boys and girls going at it. People puke in there. JUST DON'T DO IT!4. Don't forget to drink water. It's VEGAS. It's HOT and you're consuming massive amounts of overpriced alcohol. DRINK, WATER, DRINK, WATER (REPEAT). You don't want to be that sloppy bitch that gets wheeled out of the place. You will get bounced.5. This is a sausage fest. Lots and lots of dudes. If you're a girl. You have your pickings.6. The music is on point here.7. There's a water slide and two hot tubs.8. Several pools - the best is SKYBAR which has a little pool and it's glass bottom. This is the only pool I will get into.9. The food here is great, but PINK TACO has an awesome HAPPY HOUR post-Rehab that will cost way less and they also pitch in FREE chips and three yummy salsas.10. There are annoying massage therapist trying to give messages. Messages while drunk and in the heat... BAD NEWS BEARS!A better rehab would be an oxygen bar, a big bottle of smart water, and perhaps some greasy buffet food. :D
4	Rehab is by far the largest party with multiple pool areas and real sand. The Grandfather of the Sunday Pool Party is still going strong and never disappoints if you are looking for the crazy party scene then the Hard Rock is the place!Did I mention they have a water slide! Yeppers and it's great for the inner kid in us all. Expect Special Guest DJ's, Celebrities Hosting, and Sports Stars to be in attendance every weekend.They have gaming and swim up blackjack tables!  I love the old guys who just play to stare at the pretty girl in a bikini all day.Hot girls can just go find guys with a cabana and party/drink for Free.Hungry?  They have a grill that does hotdogs and hamburgers right at the pool and an American cuisine menu if you have VIP service.  Swing over to the Pink Taco patio for some Mexican food and Margaritas if you wanna place to sit.Nectar Pool is like the little sister of Rehab and is also great if you want to get away from the wild and crazy party scene.  Nectar is located on the back of the Rehab Pool and is included in your entry if you have the Rehab bracelet also so go check it out!The Hard Rock also has a family friendly pool area near the Nectar Pool that has a bar, pool tables, and beer pong if you wanna chill and relax then head there!Can't wait to get my tan on at the Hard Rock this year!
4	After years of hearing about how great this place was I decided to go there late last year. When we were walking in there were two people leaving in handcuffs. Not a good start. Apparently they were stealing people's stuff. It was free to get in that day which I'm sorry to say sometimes brings ghetto people and the wrong crowd. I can't blame that on Rehab though.Because of that I decided to only bring my credit card and ID. The concierge desk held my other stuff for me. It was extremely loud and I actually liked it. There were girls doing things to each other at the pool and outside the pool, if you know what I mean. Drinks were extremely expensive! That was a bummer and really only the only thing I didn't like about Rehab. I'd like to come back here. Maybe next time if there are more of us we'll get a cabana.
3	Keep in mind my review is a little biased because I was hung over like no other the day that I went so I probably wasn't experiencing it to its fullest. Ironic, considering the name.  First off, getting past security is a pain in the ass. I get it, they have a problem with people "powdering their noses" and need a means to control that. It's just a little inconvenient to wait in a long line, and then have to get out of the line to check a compact (no mirrors, compact, gum, water, etc.) at the front desk of the hotel. Travel lightly if you are planning on going to Rehab.  We were given a cabana which was small but cute with great service. Rehab is pretty big with a lot of entertaining things [read: human zoo] to look at. Music was decent, drinks were overpriced - typical Vegas. It's pretty big with swim up tables so you don't feel super cramped. A lot of cabana options. I would be hesitant about getting in the water though, because when we were in the cabana I saw two people REALLY gettin it in the water. I'm talking wave creating, baby making motions that would scare small children. But other than that, it's pretty fun and at the very least, extremely entertaining. Just try to take it easy the night before -- wait, what am I saying? Man up & day drink to get rid of your hangover! :)
4	Omg!! I had so much fun!! It is Like a night club but outside and the daytime. I rated four stars I would a rated 5 stars but it was so hot Vegas heat OMG I got burnt bad. Was out there to it close them with a pink taco
4	Rehab Pool Party. It was the first and I still say its the best and now that the Hard Rock has an entire multiple pool complex that you can walk through, there are now so many options to experience with your entry into ReHab. You can go to a restaurant, get drinks, swim in glass bottom pools. The pool complex was just amazing and ReHab is what it is. The original MTV pool party and all the other places just copy it. I was not impressed with Wet Republic or some of the others because its just like what another reviewer said.. All the other pool parties are about women wearing sarongs, wanting it quiet and NOT wanting to get their bodies or their hair wet. If that's the case then Why the F**k are you going to a party pool? If you want peace and quiet, go to your hotel's pool or any other pool. If you want wild, craziness, drunken antics that this place is legendary for then.... there are no substitutes.  Drinks are Huge and Yes if you go, you want to get there early and at least rent a chair or have a cabana. Use a VIP service of course. There are a few nice shade places that you can scope out for free if you get there early. Also, if you stay in ANY of the rooms at the Hard Rock, depending on what you pay for the room you either get a big discount or free pool entry. With Ins and Outs at that point Id get drinks from my room and you get to use the hotel guest line which is always quick to get in and out. Rehab Pool party on Sunday, so I check in to my room at HRH on Sunday with an early check in, so they take my bags to the concierge and hand me a wrist band and I'm in the pool by 11am, no wait, no problem.When I want a fun, crazy pool party where just about anything can happen, I go to ReHab. Its time for another visit!!!
4	Since I didn't have to pay to get in I am being generous with my stars. I was on the guest list this past Sunday April 28 for the party with Justice featuring Destructo. I went here expecting to see a episode of "MTVS Spring Break" I left feeling like it most definitely came as close as I will ever get to a wild pool party..since it isn't even summer yet I imagine if I return I will be in for even more wild and crazy events.The crowd the day we were there was really calm. No creepers lurking and bothering females..we only saw one person bleeding....Some of the people on the staff squirting people with water guns even joined in our circle to dance..it was a good time.. here are some pros/consPROS__________The place definitely packs a crowdPlenty of space to enjoy the pool or find a empty spot to camp out if you're willing to look hard enoughWATER SLIDE!Friendly StaffCONS____________WATER in the POOL was FREEZING even with 100' degree weater it just wasn't goodReally long wait to get a drink at the barPrice of Drinks and Food is OBSCENE. It is 30dollars for a souvenir cup and 8$ for a hot dog. We shared with a group of people but I spent around $60 there. Which since I didnt pay entrance was fine but if I paid the $50admin i'd of been pissed..Overall I think its a Vegas Pool Party worth checking out just go there expecting to mingle with folks who have Cabanas or prepared to spend some money. If it is a busy day prepare to be up close and personal with people you don't know. Go with a open wallet and open mind and you will be A-OK
3	As you probably already know, this pool party is off the strip. For that reason I felt that the crowd was a little awkward. Not your typical crowd you're going to find at Encore Beach or Marquee. We had guest list and the line for that went quick, unlike most lines in Vegas. I was a little upset because we still had to pay $20 which the promoter never mentioned to us. Oh well. We were inside by 1:30 and it was already packed with nowhere to sit in the main pool. We found a side spot next to one of the bridges but it would have been nice to be where all the action was. Justice was djing and I'm not sure if it was a weak crowd or that just isn't the right type of music for the crowd because not many people were super into it. Either way, I personally thought they were amazing. The lines at the bars were not long and it is nice how they have a few other pool areas if you want to take it easy. I bought 2 coronas and the total only came to $14. Not bad! But the pool security were really unfriendly and kept blowing their whistles at people. Overall I enjoyed my day but I don't think I would make the effort to come back here.
3	Monday afternoon rehab, free for 2 girls.Pros:- water was the cleanest here by far- floor was also very clean- curteous staff- mini water slideCons:- sand can get so hot that it hurts to walk across it- water is ICE COLD- DJ was playing boring music, i even caught the staff yawning.  I wanted to party.the crowd is a little older here, i would say mid 30's to 50's.  there was not even one six pack to be found.  and i was looking out for them the whole time.  not the same as marquee and encore.  too bad.  chill pool, old creepers, kinda laid back if not boring.
1	Literally the worst experience of my life.  Waited in the most disorganized, chaotic "line" (really just hundreds of people pushing, cutting and fighting) for three hours until we couldnt take it anymore and decided to leave.  An absolute nightmare.  And the tickets were nonrefundable so $80 tickets wasted for three hours of a living hell.  I will NEVER be back.
4	I been to Vegas plenty of times and I must say I never been to this pool party ever. Probably the only reason why I checked this place out was because the other more popular pool parties were charging over $100 + on male general admission since it was EDC weekend. NOT WORTH IT. Anyways, I came to rehab yesterday with performers like Treasure Fingers, Robbie Rivera, Congorock, and Lucky Date (EDM dj's) Crowd: It was really mix and it was more for the older crowd: 30-40s range compared to places like encore beach club or daylight which attract more 21+. Layout: I love the layout of this pool! There are shade tents all around the pool and everyone was just relaxing all around the pool. I really love the sand in the pool as well! Definitely a good touch. Music: Mostly all edm, but when the music bumped; the water splashed! Pros: -clean water-love the sand-good speakers-insightful staff-reasonable drinks Cons:-water is SUPER COLD.-don't expect a crazy pool party like xs or marquee
5	Most recently went on a Saturday, so that's what I am reviewing (as opposed to the big Sunday Rehab parties). We had a daybed right in front of the pool.  Great setup, great environment, great music, and great fun!  It's a Vegas pool party, so it'll cost you a bit to have your fun, but you've been warned.  Lol.Enjoy!
4	This is the first Vegas pool party I've been to where I wasn't too sloshed to remember things.We came at about 4 pm, (late for a pool party, I know) and were let in immediately. But only after they confiscated my lip gloss. Hrmph. And they wouldn't let me get it back when I left, either. What's with that?When we got in, it was a maze of bodies. Most good looking too! That was great. The pool bottom was all sand, which felt good to my toes. There were some blue beach balls being tossed around. The buckets of beer were reasonably priced, so we kept buying them. Everything was pretty chill there, and still pretty packed even though there was no special DJ spinning. We stayed until about 7, and then napped off the party until EDC later that night.
2	So, I was staying at the Hard Rock over the weekend for my friend's 21st birthday. It was his whole family and a whole bunch of his friends, some 21+, some younger. When we arrived on Friday we went straight to the all ages pool because of the range of ages in our group. Those of us who were older checked out the rehab pool and it rocked! Pretty low key just show your ID to the guy and have a good time. Awesome. Little did we know that is NOT how Saturday works (or I'm sure Sunday too for that matter but we just ignored the pool that day). So Saturday we head down to the all ages pool again and we got a cabana (for $$$). Probably around 11 we decide it'd be cool to check out the rehab pool again, so we try to show our IDs to the guy and he tells us that we need a wristband just inside the hotel. Ok, we walk to the entrance of the pool from the hotel and ask the guy there, that guy says no we need to go to the parking lot and get the wristbands but first we need to cover up (since we were all in bikinis) before we can walk to the parking lot to get out wristbands. Also, we each need a room key; 1 for every 2 people. Man. Fine. SO after changing back into regular clothes and finding an incredible amount of room keys we walk to the very opposite end of the hotel into the gross hot parking garage to get our wristbands. 1, we couldn't bring in drinks that we had seriously just bought from the same pool area not 30 minutes ago. 2, they wouldn't give my friend's 75 year old grandma a stupid wristband because she left her ID in the room. Understandable, but come on! So because we couldn't take our drinks in we got the wristbands then walked allllll the way though the hotel again and back to the pool from the hotel entrance. I mean what a waste of everyone's time! TL;DR- Hotel guests who are already paying $$$$$$$$$ on cabanas and drinks should be allowed to get wristbands for Rehab easily. NOT have to jumble between a million people.
4	If you are someone who is afraid of partying around a younger crowd then this is not the place for you. This was my second time going (this time with my husband, sister, and other family), none of whom are under the age of 30 and we had a blast. Are the drinks overpriced? Yes, it's Vegas. Are some of the bouncers douchy, um yeah...it's Vegas. Will you see people drinking and puking...YEAH, IT'S VEGAS! It's FUN. So have a laugh at others expense and enjoy yourself. Do forget to laugh at yourself as well. :0)
5	The best Sunday pool party ever.  You've got see it for yourself.
1	My husband and I were there for our honeymoon and I was treated terrible by the employees. This trip was our first time away from our daughter and since I still breastfeed I invested in a portable breastpump. I was told at security that I was not aloud to bring it in and that I had to pay 10$ and stand in another line to check it. It took a total of 2 hours to finally get into the pool we lost our party that we were with and ended up spending way too much money for the problems and headache we already had. Once I got home I tried contacting the hard rock multiple times and still have yet to hear anything back from a manager. They do not seem to care about their patrons and treat you like a number. Very dissatisfied!
5	It looks like a beach. The women are HOT, the music is loud, the drinks are cold, life is good. You can play swim up blackjack if you want to.
4	Remember that show they had on whatever channel about Rehab at the Hard Rock Hotel?Yeah... everything you saw on T.V. was pretty much how things roll here. Plus weed and drugs from what I saw in person. Luckily I've never had to deal with 3 hour lines because of promoter friends otherwise I would never have come here. There are way more interesting things I can do in that amount of time. Still, the party is absolutely wild and something everyone should experience once in their Vegas life. It is the most fun I have ever had while at a pool party and I'm not saying that just because of the copious amounts of alcohol that was had! The DJs are some of the best I've heard and there's never a dull moment at Rehab.The pool itself at the Hard Rock is still my favorite pool to date with its beach like setup. I mean what girl doesn't want to lay out on the sand in a bikini with their toes in the water? With its palm trees and soft sand beaches it actually feels as if you have found that coveted oasis in the middle of the blistering hot desert. Yeah this pool party is located off the strip but I never minded. Oases are always worth it.Oh and the crowd, get expected to see a lot of inked up individuals and lots (LOTS!!!) of silicone implants... more so than normal. More so flamboyant than normal. I don't care particularly but just letting you know that this place definitely has a certain flavor. If I had to categorize it, I would put it in the "tattooed plastic" section.What you should take away from my experience: do not bring mints or men in, drinks are ridiculously overpriced so come half-way loaded and unless you are a hot woman, you better know someone to get in otherwise you are royally screwed... sideways.
4	I love Rehab but you have to do it right and that takes $$$$.  A cabana is the ONLY way to go. Skip the lines, have shaded seating and your own server and bar back. This place is a SCENE!!! So be prepared! The people who don't have fun here are the ones who don't know what to expect. Have fun when your here!
4	Good mix of hot and not so much girls here. Drink prices a bit over the top but usually plenty to look at a usually good music.
4	Got my first taste of the legendary Sunday pool party at rehab in late august of this year (2013).  We didn't stay at the Hard Rock so everyone I asked just said "you better get there early" yet had no idea what time it opens.  So lets get that out of the way....it opens at 10 am.  We arrived right around then and were some of the first people there and waited on no line.  I don't think the line is as big an issue as it has been in the past as they have a new system for lines set up in the parking garage. It was 60 bones to get in and 30$ for drinks so right off the bat before we scoped anything out we spent 100$ each.  The place is enormous and we set up shop right on the edge of the main pool.  It probably didn't pack out till around noon or 1.  It was an amazing time, but I have to dispel a rumor.  The idea that everyone there is of supermodel class is ridiculous! There were people of all shapes and sizes there.  There were your fair share of fatties along with the super hotties lol.  I'd say the only downside was the stooge security guy who kept coming around trying to take anyones wallet or cell phone that was left unattended.  I guess it was his way of proving a point and trying to get people to use the bag check for 10$.  He was relentless and kept coming around so I was finally forced to use the bag check.  Unfortunately, that led to me having my money in the swimmies, and it got wet and stuck together.  That led to me giving 200$ instead of 100$ for a set of drinks.  And when I went back and asked the meathead to check if it was stuck together, he claimed it wasn't.  Don't know why I let that slide but despite these things I still had a great time and would definitely go back.
4	I judge these places usually by the people I find when I get there.   I know it's unfair but tough crap.   Anyhow, at Rehab, there was a smaller pool and several chairs my friends and I were able to lay claim to then spread out to keep some of the creepers away.   There was a cute life guard sitting in  a chair most of the day right next to our spot so shenanigans, even the kind we get into, was pretty much off the table.    Anyway, I think this place could be better, if it weren't for all the rules in place to keep the animals in check.   Lots of good looking people to look at tho.
3	Meh. I guess this place is past it's prime. The "director of events" or whatever boogus title that she had was an a hole. No customer service skills whatsoever.Once I finally got in to the party, this place was huge! They also have a vegas-cheap hotdog stand if you are hungry. I think there was swim up gaming too. The bartenders suck though! Since when does an AMF have lemonade in it?! $40 bucks for a large souvenir cup of crap. *TIP* Take shots. Doubles if you can. So much more efficient :)Overall, not my favorite pool party. Would I give it a second shot? Maybe if someone drags me here. I'll try EBC next time instead. btw... quoted prices for daybeds/loungers were cheaper the day of the party at the door. Like at least $100-$200 so be aware when booking.
2	I was expecting this place to be amazing, but found myself disappointed. I did not mind the $50 cover charge (Sunday) but for that price I was expecting this place to be packed. Instead, I found myself in a pool surrounded by 70 guys and maybe 20 chicks. It was 2 pm and the pool was not even half full. I realized I was Gona have to get drunk fast and thank Jesus the bartenders knew how to make a strong drink. Drinks were actually pretty cheap compared to other pool parties.
5	I had an AMAZING time going to Rehab this past Saturday. This is the first Vegas pool party that I have gone to so I have nothing to compare it to but all I know is I had a BLAST! I went with my husband and a couple of his friends and their significant others. I have read other reviews that say something to the extent that you should NEVER go with your significant other or your relationship may not survive because of all of the "temptation abound"... well I went to Vegas to celebrate my 6 year wedding anniversary and never felt tempted in the least bit. My husband had a great time too. He isn't the wandering eye type of guy cause he knows he has the best at home :) so no relationship problems. I guess you should only worry if you are having relationship issues. Yes there were a couple of guys who tried to hit on me but I showed them my wedding ring and they were on their way. We rented a day bed that was off to the side so it wasn't as expensive as others. Maybe we lucked out but it seemed to be a great location. It wasn't in the beach area but was right on the side of the main pool so we were able to party right at our bed... drinks are expensive as others mentioned so our day bed minimum got eaten up quickly. The price of water is even more ridiculous than the drinks so hydrate before getting there if you can. The other negative was the waitress was not very attentive and took FOREVER to get us our first drinks.. thank goodness we did a little pregaming and came with a couple drinks already in us... the main performance, Aloe Blac, was short and blah.., lasted all of 10 minutes... guess he thinks he is some sort of super star or something but I honestly did not know who he was... I did recognize his songs though which are on the radio but not anything that I LOVE or anything...  cocktail waitresses expect a tip above and beyond the 18% gratuity that was already included... if you want a better tip, give me better service ...lol.. anyways..  I know this last section was all complaining and stuff but this was seriously the highlight of our trip and I would go back in a heart beat... Louie was our daybed guy and he called my husband's friend to offer him a no minimum day bed the next day.. wish he would have told us earlier because we all agreed we wouldn't have minded coming back for more the next day... I know its a good party when my husband gets up and dances as he is not the dancing type... we arrived around 1:30 pm or so ...waited about 10 minutes for our bed arrangements to be made and were in.. we lasted until about 6 pm when everyone was too tipsy to go on...The nice thing about a daytime hangover is after the party, we slept it off that night and were fine by Sunday morning... oh how I hope we can come back soon!!!
4	Where it all began.And, when the end of the world comes, where it all will end.Some things seen here cannot be unseen.If you must come, do so very, very early, unless you enjoy standing in a parking garage for hours.
1	We came to REHAB on Saturday and we were HIGHLY disappointed. We had a pool bed which was awesome to have our own spot that was supposed to have cocktail service. It took almost an hour for our waitress Ally to come ask us what we wanted to drink. She brought us our drinks 30 minutes later and NEVER returned to check in on us which was awful, especially since we had to include tip in our final bill. It took them over an hour to get our bill to close out, I literally had to ask three people to get my check. Overall we were disappointed with the service and with the musky waters of the pool. We will not be returning to REHAB.
5	Awesome staff, great scene. You can be in the mix or in a quiet spot. Great beach pool. The cabanas are awesome, too!
4	I had the pleasure of experiencing Rehab on Saturday May 4th. My friends and I arrived early (around 10ish) and there was no line, so we got in with no problem.Once we got in we found a nice spot facing the stage (there were plenty of people there already who found their spots.)It was diverse with different types of races, ethnicities, body shapes, good looking people and little uglies. Music was cool, mixture of Top 40, Hip Hop, a little EDM. The DJ did play a couple of songs TWICE and would only play a good song for a couple of seconds BEFORE mixing a new one. Drinks are expensive but it's Vegas and everything is overpriced! I enjoyed 2 AMFs and found myself in the piss/spit/alcohol/sweat/any other body fluid pool water. Kendrick Lamar was there and only performed 1.5 to 2 songs, I was slightly disappointed because I thought he would perform more songs but quickly got over it.I would recommend using a locker at this place or having a friend in charge of carrying everyone's stuff because my ID and phone 'mysteriously' disappeared. Overall Rehab was fun and I enjoyed myself.
3	ok so me and my girls went to the memorial day weekend party last year 2013. So first things first... This party was super hood! im black okay, and it was just too many n%^$$s in there even for me. Not like regular black people but like straight trap house n*&%s..but anyways first we had to wait in this super long ace line, now we were almost to the front and because people kept cutting and couldnt be patient they bum-rushed the line so the security shut down everything until they got everyone in order, so basically we ended up the last people in line. So that killed my mood right there. First of all there should have been security in that holding room, there was none! anyways so we get in and it was supppperrrrr crowded, but we made the best of it. most important, the drinks were 32$$$ each, so i suggest you get faded right before you go in, and second they wont let you bring purses or anything in, so the bag holding costs 20$, so just be prepared for that. other than that i had a good time even though i was sober the entire time.
2	The bartenders are rude, act like they are entitled & don't know how to make any drink right.  My strawberry margarita tasted like lemonade, and I was charged an extra $3 from the drink menu price. My other friend had similar issues with their drinks. I would advise not to get any frozen drink. The pool was dirty. I believe the dirty sand and water infected my blister on my pinkey toe (got into my waterproof bandage) that turned into cellulitis. Don't go in there with any cuts, scrapes or blisters.The atmosphere & music was fun though!
1	Last time I went to Rehab was 4 years ago when it was hot.  I had been warned by a local that it had gone downhill but as our group was already committed to a cabana I went with the flow and kept my mouth shut.  The actual space is great and I liked the sandy beach, had fun dancing out there.  But the crowd is ghetto and the music suspect.  I cannot believe that Rehab is still charging prices like they did when it was the only game in town.  But now they have competition like Wet Republic, Marquee, and Encore. Definitely would not return unless we were comped or received a seriously discounted cabana.  We had the hottest crowd in the place.  Proof that it's gone downhill, I saw Cook's sparkling wine being served.  Really?  That's $5 at the gas station.
4	ok this is my updated review. we just came back from memorial day weekend rehab pool party, and i just had the best time, cuz we were there for 11 hours! This year it wasnt as extra hood as it was last year. This year i actually had a good time, but the only thing i dont like is the fact that they restrict you from sitting like anywhere, thats annoying when everytime you sit down they tell you to have to move. The drinks were 32 again this year, but they are big drinks, and if you get a long island you should be good!
2	Nope won't be here again.  My sister and I went to Vegas for Memorial weekend 2014 and she was there last year and had a ball.  So we were actually going to pay $200 per female ($400 NOT including taxes) to go to see Diddy and a few other artists (I should have known what it was going to be like).  Well the day before we went to the box office (we stayed on the strip) to get Sunday tickets and as I saw the Saturday the crowd and was like..ummmmmmmmmmm this is NOT my type of crowd. I keep forgetting people come from ALL over to come to Vegas and we're from California so there is not much of a difference between Vegas and LA but man oh man...super duper hood.  I'm a black/creole woman ( I get mistaken for Evelyn Lozada ALL the doggone time and I did at this party several times)  and I like more of a DIVERSE crowd, I'm totally into techno and all kinds of other music but rap is just not my cup of tea lately...BUT we were gonna go for the experience...well we went the day before to the box office and in line, we're looking on our phones and the show is sold out; so my sis (who has more balls that I do) came up to 2 guys in line and asked if they were staying in the hotel and would they mind if she gave them the $$ and they purchase the tickets under their room? Sure! Why not! he said...soooooooooo our total came up to $108 for the two of us...we treated him to $20 in drinks for that...THANK GOD because when we walked in the next day I was floored at the ghetto, ratchedness that stung my eyes...I could NOT believe how HOOD this party was....I was ready to go as soon as I walked in.  BUT sis wanted to stay and make it what it was...so I told her...you better get me a FULL and TALL long island Ice tea to stay here....with that we waded to the middle of the pool and STAYED there...OH and we got there at 4pm...which was cool because I couldn't handle 6 hours of that.....the strippers were there in full force making change in the water and flapping those cheeks...I tell you, I can comfortably say I'm bougie when it comes to parties and clubs and this was no exception.  "X'd off the bucket list"....for good.Save your $$$ for somewhere like Drias at the Cromwell ....newly renovated and upscale
5	I went on Sunday (June 8th) and it was SO MUCH FUN! Now this is a pool party! My girls and I got in free, didn't have to wait in line or anything and when we got in - omg, YESSS it was everything that we imagined. Great pool, amazing view, friendly, fun staff and bar tenders. Amazing DJ, beach balls, it was just a great vibe and such a fun way spend the day. It was packed but it wasn't cheek to cheek packed, it was fun. I paid $32.00 for a huge long island ice tea (drinks are insane) but it was really good and I got tipsy off the first 7 or 8 sips so I won't complain- it was about 4 drinks in one.The vibe at this party is just awesome, It really makes you feel like your in Vegas. I highly recommend this pool party! My only complaint is that I wish the music was a little louder near the main pools and throw in a little more bass while you're at it! Rehab is a Vegas trip MUST!!!
2	Second time to Rehab. First time was about 5 years ago! When they were filming the TV show. Rehab has changed in 5 years for sure! I was a VIP Cabana guest  with no VIP treatment except for the waitress Nicole! Wow after waiting in a long line in the garage then get to the Security and told my purse is too big because it doesn't fit in this tiny box!  I call the VIP Host who was no help saying I had to check my Louis Vuitton purse & pay $10. You check it not in a locked locker but on an open shelf! Then back to security waiting again. So much for paying for a VIP Cabana that cost thousands of dollars! Warning signs no medications,weapons etc! They check you out like you are a Gang member!! Maybe an hour or so I finally get in. The pool was pretty WILD and fun for people under 30! I like to people watch pretty crazy there!!!! The greatest was the service at the Cabana from Nicole! She knew one of the people I was with was writing a article about the hotel but I think she would always be a pleasure as a waitress! Everyone should do it once to see how crazy Vegas is on Sundays but glad I didn't spend my money for it! I forget to mention they pat you down like TSA......hmmmm what is up. I imagine they have had problems in the past. Like gangs & fights! Then security kept telling this guy no gym shorts & he pushes his way past them saying I know. WTF? Oh yeah there is a limit on food and drinks on top of the $5000 VIP Cabana......plus tip! They also have people walking around to give you a massage. That was nice and you pay of course! Get out your bank when you come! Not really excited to come back soon! Loved the music  and people watching!
5	It was fun....Check as hassle...Don't take a beach bag. You will have to check it if it's to big. 10 bucks for that. Beer buckets are 35 bucks and wings and fries are good. We got there earlier so it was empty but then it got full quick. Music is good and staff is good. Customer service is good. Had a blast there.
1	Went 4th of July weekend.  Yeah it's changed a lot in the past few years NOT for the better. The drinks were fine the beach and facilities were nice but wow the crowd is urban!  The third time being hollered at by a large ghetto group from Chicago we decided to leave.  Didn't feel safe.  Not my scene.  We enjoyed Morrea at Mandalay better.
3	HR pool is always good times. Seems to be a lot slower than it should be. The drinks are outrageously expensive, but you're at an LV pool so it's expected. Sometimes they do hip-hop days which I believe is an effort to increase business. Doesn't seem to be working though. If you do come to HR pool w/ a group I suggest ordering the corona box which is a case of Corona cans for $125. Now for at a pool and getting a day bed it's a sweet deal. For eats their pizza is aight but pricey (expected). Their nachos are probably your best bang for your buck. The chicken tenders are decent too.
3	FYI - Do NOT bring a mirror! I made the mistake of bringing a MAC compact and the security staff at the front of the line informed me that mirrors are not allowed. It does not say this on any of the signs leading to the door, so I just wanted to let the ladies know! If you bring a compact, your options are check your bag for 10 dollars or they will remove the mirror from your compact. Which means break the top off!!! The place was ok, it is something you gotta try at least once.  The staff were all very very nice and helpful, even the lady that broke the top off my compact was super sweet so I couldnt even be mad! There is alot to see here, it is a great people watching enviroment, with alot of diversity in race, shape and looks. The music was a pretty good mix. All in all I had a good time, so I would visit again!  This review was for a Sunday.
4	This place is one cool place. Girls everywhere we really had a blast. It can get really packed in here. Some of the hottest DJs be here . we met some cool chicks here that we went out with later. Our waitress was kinda slow getting our drinks, we had to have our drinks refilled a few times because they were v watered down . but no biggie they fixed it
4	The original Las Vegas pool party.  It's loud, proud, rowdy.  Great mix of people of all shapes and sizes, but mostly 20/30 somethings that are easy on the eyes.  Not the most sophisticated way to spend a day in the sun, but if you can't have fun here, you're probably a tool.  Overall, worth it.Also: -It's a tad expensive.   - $20 for ladies, $40 for guys - About $20 if you are a guest - water is $8; bucket of 5 beers is $35 - it's not topless - no beach chairs; you'll need to sit poolside or rent a private cabana with min spend requirement - this is a summertime thing; sat/sun
3	Rehab has an amazing pool setup. It feels like a tropical island in the middle of vegas. You can party with the big crowds at the main pool, or sneak away to the smaller quieter pools spread all over. The crowds are what brings it down for me. They tend to lean more towards rap and hip hop DJs which attracts the rap crowds. Not my scene. Expect to pay the highest entry fees of any pool in vegas. Ive always got in free but ive seen people pay $100.
5	The ORIGINAL pool party in Vegas and by far the BEST!If you're looking for an insane day party in Vegas look no further than Rehab at the Hard Rock. It's like a "Big Kid Spring Break" jammed packed into Vegas.Don't come here if you're on a budget as the entry fee and drinks are very expensive; but do come here if you don't care about price and are simply looking to party.Rehab = Rage Fest
5	Shout out to Tanya and Grant!Grant was amazing! He made sure we had everything in our cabana, was so attentive and very personable. Def a cool guy! I told him I was going to write this review!Tanya was a sweetheart and very helpful! They were a great team.I feel bad for how we left, sadly one dumb girl ruined it for everyone, so if they read this sorry guys! Lol
4	We got two day beds and all I can say is how great they were to us.  The staff was awesome and the music was good.  We drank and drank and danced and danced.  The hostess was AMAZING!
4	I have been to Vegas often, but never to a pool party. So my baby sister FINALLY turned 21 so it was game time!!... & boy I tell you it was a great TIME.My girlfriends and I  arrived around 11am and quickly got in, however pack light.. No gum, chapstick, lipstick etc, so pretty much bring your id, credit cards, & phone. We had a cabana for a 750 minimum not including tax & al that jazz.. Our cabana wasn't by the main pool, which was a bummer, however for the price Ill take it.We had a great time, we ordered pitchers of margaritas (which are pre-made, so not the best choice), shots of patron, & food for the time we were there. Order the nachos, fruit platter, and chicken strips... The service was great & they assured we were having a great time.There were lots of beautiful people the & the music was hip hop. We danced & relaxed when we got tired. if you have the budget get a CABANA or DAYBED, we don't tan, so a cabana worked for us.  It is worth it, SO WORTH it. I will be back again to celebrate my birthday soon! So REHAB hook it up again! POOL Parties are BETTER than NIGHTCLUBS...spend you bucks here..Thank you REHAB for making me the sister of the YEARx10000000
3	Pool was incredibly crowded and drinks are pricey. Music was good and drinks take awhile.... Be prepared
5	Awesome place. Went for EDC weekend and was near the stage for Fat Boy Slim.Zero douche, never bumped once and great staff overall. A much better time than Tao Beach or EBC. Fairly even ratios of friendly girls as well.
5	Looking for the ultimate pool party experience?! Well REHAB has everything you need and more! I definitely sound like I'm trying to sell this place but in all seriousness it's one if my favorite pool locations! The customer service is always on point regardless if you have a cabana or not! I will say though if there is an event and or guest appearance from a celebrity be prepared $$$& as this place does NOT play games about they cash!! My best advice he if you are not staying in the Hard Rock go online prior to the event to prepay for your wristbands! Not only does this save time but also you get a discounted price! GUYS be wiling to pay double for whatever the GIRLS are paying! Just this past Mayweather fight weekend they were charging GUYS $300 for tickets at the door! Unbelievable but hey if you got it, you got it! The drinks are all expensive so be ready to spend $38 for that cool REHAB cup they almost swindle you into purchasing haha!
5	By far the best thing to do in Vegas on a Sunday is be at rehab. This and Tao is by far the two best pool parties. However rehab is bigger (a lot of pools, outside gambling, and just a lot of space) and dare I say the better dj and overall theatrics. Drinks are really high here, food is really really good here (especially the nachos), and I promise you this, you will not leave here disappointed and you will have a great time, and this is a place you will never forget.
