1	This was my first and last time at this particular labcorp branch. The people that work here are most likely high school dropouts and have attitudes like prison guards. No smile, no courtesy. They actually yelled at a young teenager for signing his name on a line that wasn't highlighted and spoke to him in a condescending manner while I was waiting. I would have walked out if I didn't need to get my blood work done quickly. Another lady did walk out after seeing how they were handling their patients. Horrible, horrible place. Do not go here, go someplace else.
1	If it was possible to give zero stars here I would. This place was an absolute dump. It was poorly run and I was legitimately scared to have my blood drawn here for fear of their poorly trained staff using contaminated needles. When I first walked in the waiting room was overflowing with people with no place to sit and even though I had an appt I had to wait 30 minutes to be seen. The receptionist was extremely rude and when my name was finally called it turned out the receptionist was also the person taking my blood! I absolutely agree with the other reviewer that the staff have the mentality of prison guards and treat patients accordingly. If you have to go to Labcorp I suggest trying a different location because this one is the WORST.
1	This place shouldn't be in business. Terrible in every way!  Mexico has a better sanitation and labeling system.  Absolutely no privacy!  Front desk lady is so loud, rude, and discusses your health in front if everybody in this whole in the wall.  I can't believe the state hasn't shut them down!
1	I wouldnt have gone here if I didnt have to and I will never go back. The front desk recep is rude and hates life. I called in to make an appt and she told me I could go onnline to make an appt. I told her  I am calling you from my car on my cell phone so I can please just make an appt with you. She repeats herself rudely that appts are made onnline and then says that I can walk in. Yes, obviously I know I can walk in, but I am trying to make this process go as quick as possible. I thought offices preferred appts??? Here is where it gets even worst.  When I get there, the place was completely empty. I take a seat and I can hear the phone ringing and ringing and the recep just continues to play candy crush or whatever she was doing. Seemed odd as to why she wouldnt answer. Than I heard her turn to a co-worker and say, "I'm sure they'll call back" and then they both laughed. My jaw dropped. Soooo you are a receptionist that wont book an appt and you only answer the phone when you feel like it? I certainly hope this woman doesnt make a cent above min wage.
