4	Known locally as "Arizona's Antique Capital," Historic Downtown Glendale offers 10 square blocks of charming restaurants, specialty shops, and bungalow boutiques. This is the best window-shopping south of Prescott. Hop on the town trolley as it loops through the area, while you keep an eye out for the wonderful panini sandwich shop and the one-of-a-kind glass beads. Other shops offer imports, art, crafts, collectables, clothing, ans accessories. Oh - and antiques. USA Today even named downtown Glendale as one of the top ten antique destinations in the country. Who knew?
5	Great area to go thrifting and find unique items!Also home of Glendale Glitters in December. Imagine Zoo Lights meets a small city. There are magic shows, live bands, Christmas movies, and lots of yummy food all surrounded by beautiful lights in the Glendale Square. To hot to walk around in the summer but come fall step back in time and find some awesome antiques!
3	Downtown Glendale used to be like the Antique Capital of Arizona!!! It was great having so many great stores to poke around in...Sadly, most of the best stores have folded up and blown away like a dried-up tumbleweed, leaving--well, not much. The old general store/antique store on the last street before hitting Grand Avenue? Empty. Shaboom's? A thing of the past. The really cool store with all the cool old buildings off the main drag where you could find all manners of great rusty items, old doors, farm implements and Moe, Curly and Larry tools [aka ice picks]? Torn down for a lousy parking lot.As a long-time antiquer, I can only say that the USA Today story mentioned by another Yelper was sadly out of date--Downtown Glendale really doesn't have much any more, at least not for serious antique people. Sure,  you can find lots of junk store items, shabby chic and a few treasures here and there [I know that my last three holiday gifts have come from Glendale!] but with the advent of Ebay, Antique Roadshow and other such venues that show ordinary people what their stuff is really worth, the era of large antique districts is fading away. So go with low expectations and in anticipation of great Mexican food at La Perla's, and if you find something, more power to you--if not, try Prescott instead. [-sigh]
3	This used to be a great antiquing district.  However, things are slowly closing up and great finds require a lot more searching.  I'd still give it a try for that random, obscure, cliche type antique, but not for the discovery of a life time.
3	Let me start by saying the historic downtown Glendale is not much to see during the day....and just interesting at best during any other time of year. However....in the month of December when they light the downtown area up for "Glendale Glitters" then this locale becomes something to see. Now I must admit I wasn't  totally impressed with what I seen...but this is coming from someone who has traveled all over the country and seen many small attractions like this one. I was surprised that 3 tour buses showed up to visit the attractions here...not to mention all people that seemed to be coming out of the wood work to an event that I think is no more than a small carnival. I do like the fact that the food....music....vendors.....entertainment....and various other activities were all or for the most part 'LOCAL"....that is good for any community. Now it is not an event I will visit again anytime soon....due to the parking issues and lack of more entertainment....and "GLITTER" so to speak.....but for visitors to the town I would highly recommend going in order to support the local community.Eat, Drink, and Be Merry my Friends!!!!
1	Glendale glitters is horrible! They charge for parking now and it is more like a carnival than anything else. It was so crowded that I had to use the stroller to push through the crowd. I didn't have time to look at anything because I was worried about getting trampled by someone. I will not be coming back which is sad because this was a family tradition.
3	Love Glendale Glitters, Chocolate Affair Event, and all the other year around events.  Parking sometimes suck but it is what it is.  Just did not like the pan handlers asking for change.
4	Glendale Glitters has blown up since I was last there 16 years ago.  It was a mad house of people, cars, stroller and pets.  I do wish people wouldn't subject their dogs and pets to a crush of people like that.  Even some children were getting overwhelmed.  But the venue was great and well planned.  My favorite discovery was Hey Joe! food truck. Check them out!  good stuff.
4	Made my debut at Glendale Glitters and the lights were quite nice, especially the palm tree and the tree that actually glitters. The funniest thing was the pony rides being offered (similiar to the horse rides) on a carriage. The light path will only take about 15 minutes to walk, but these are way better lights than the Zoo and this is free as well. Xmas eve it was crowded, but spots were still plentiful around the square. Downtown Glendale itself looked a bit dated, but none of the stores were open to check out. The lights are the show here and it was a good job by the folks in charge of setup and lighting. That giant palm tree must have been a real challenge to light up.
4	Over the years DTG has been getting more fun. The Blues Festival, Choclate, Glendale Glitters to name a few. The shops that have survived the recession pretty good. More seem to be coming back as well. I am glad to be a Glendale resident, and look forward to many more years of fun stuff in DTG.
4	In my opinion, it needs to be a bit more lively. Still though, this does everything you'd expect for a historic district. You'll find what is perhaps the highest quality AND quantity of antiques on one block. Housed in buildings that have stood much longer than you or I. In what has only recently become a booming metropolis, what is old is certainly rare. It has some decent dining options. I feel the Subway is out of place, and needs to GTFO, but you've got one of the best pizza places in the state (La Piazza), one of the only places for German (Haus Murphy's), as well as a Lenny's. Let's not forget La Perla, which moonlights as a fun Latin nightclub. For coffee, you've got above average cafes in Mighty Cup and A Shot of Java, where you can catch tons of live, local music. Bars do leave much to be desired, however. Perhaps they're discouraged by the local police precinct, but I think it could really shine if hip new locales like OTG Wine & Beer were open later. In the future, I think we'll see even better dining and drinking options, but for now this place is like an Oasis in a portion of desert with very few attractions. If only it were as good year round as it is in winter.
