4	I am quite surprised that Newington has not been already reviewed. It is one of the most popular areas with students and is a buzzing community!Many students come to love this area, either through staying or constantly walking through it. It has many good bars, including one of my favourites, the Southsider. Additionally it has two of the most important stores known to students. It has the Tesco metro which is always busy and is indeed one of the busiest in the entire country! Secondly, the twenty four hour Scotmid store is located right across from the Tesco. This store is a lifeline for people after stumbling out of clubs in the early hours of the morning!The area is squeezed between the Meadows, the Royal Mile, Holyrood, Sciennes and Prestonfield. It might be not as well known as these other areas, but it certainly is an up and coming area. However, this place will be better known for it being student central (less posh than its student cousins in Morningside or Marchmont, think of it has the indie alternative!)
3	I've always been the odd one out in that I've never been that much a fan of Newington. People who live in Edinburgh are very much split along many lines. The most concrete ones being: Old Town, New Town, Leith. But Old Town is also split between Morningside, Bruntsfield, Marchmont, Newington, Grassmarket. It's not that we're competing. I mean, as far as Morningside, Bruntsfield and Marchmont go, we're generally on the same side: Newington's too noisy and busy for us. People who live in Newington find that Marchmont et al are far too quiet and boring. I'm a light sleeper, and I'm also a bit of a misanthrope. Particularly when it comes to students who are, I know, my people, technically. But I carry the student title with a bit of humility and a touch of embarrassment. Newington may be full of cafes and bars, but hey, they're just a ten minute walk from Marchmont anyway. And we have our wee cafes too, I guess.
4	A bit grittier than the more genteel student-plagued areas in the city, Newington has it's fair share of rough characters, especially outside The Grapes pub, but it also has countless fantastic ethnic eateries, cool shops and a proper "real city" feel that some of Edinburgh's more glamourous locales do not.I'm not really sure if Nicholson Street counts as Newington, if it does then it's a 5.
4	I like Newington a lot.Not coming from Edinburgh but having a bit of a connection with the place (half the people I know used to stay there, including my aunt who lived in Morningside for years), it makes me a strange judge when it comes to areas. I felt well acquainted with Morningside since it's my aunt's first love, and she's been telling me about it since I was three and read Maisie books. I have friends who stay in Leith, Corstorphine and my ex's sister used to stay in the Grassmarket. So it's safe to say I've seen a lot of Edinburgh through my many, many visits over the years (it really is a second home these days).It was actually only a few weeks ago that I discovered the whole of Newington. I recall having a coffee here after I did the Moonwalk a couple of years ago (the caffeine was definitely earned), and I've drifted in and out of bars at intervals over the years. But taking the time to walk around and get to know the area, I see how many merits it has. It seems generally clean, well kept and with some wee gems of businesses, even in its roughest parts. The houses around here as you head further away from the throngs of Nicholson Street seem lovely, and it looks like a fairly peaceful place to stay. There are some upmarket boutiques, a really cute wee chocolatier called Choccolate, some friendly local grocers and some great, airy coffee shops. My top picks are Trouve, the Himalayan Coffee Shop, In Dehli, Casablanca, Vogue Video and (further up the road) Armstrong's.Generally, my experiences in Newington have been relaxed, and all shop owners were exceptionally friendly. If I ever move to Edinburgh I would try to get a flat here - even if it was higher up the price scale it would be worth it. As Gavin said, it's more authentic than a lot of the showy, tourist orientated districts in Edinbugh, and strikes a perfect balance of upmarket and down to earth.
4	Newington is a cool place to live, loads of mates who I was in first year ended up living here. The place is so full of contrasts, Nicolson Street especially, there are not many areas where you find such a big range of people. You obviously get plenty of students seeing as it is so close to the university and Pollock Halls. You also get a fair amount of homeless here as well, and there seems to be a different vagrant begging outside the Tesco Metro every day. Talking of that Tesco Metro, my friend who worked there told me that this Tesco is the second most stolen from in the country! Moreover you also get the tourists streaming in from the Royal Mile looking for a place to dine.In general however it is a pretty nice place to live, there are plenty of cool pubs to have as you local and the whole area feels a lot less "studenty" than Marchmont, giving a more authentic feel of Edinburgh to students.
