3	Went looking for notebook binders I could get in Atlanta; no can do. Either this store doesn't carry them or they have been discontinued. When I asked if we could order the answer was it lloked like don't carry them so probably not - probably not?!Had the other items I was looking for.
5	Decided to redo my computer room in my house.....went to Staples and was well taken care of.  They answered all my questions (I know nothing about computers) and picked out a system that was very easy to set up myself!  I also got some great computer furniture as well.
3	I sure needed an easy button on this trip.
3	Average prices and frequently long lines to checkout.
2	Expensive
3	This Staples is close to my work and easily accessible. There is always ample parking outside, which is nice. The inside is pretty easy to navigate and the employees are helpful. Anyone I've approached was capable of answering my questions or pointing me in the right direction. They also don't hassle or make me feel uncomfortable. There are plenty of employees wandering around, but I think they could use a few more at the check-out area. When I'm shopping at Staples I like being able to get in and out quickly and can get impatient if I have to wait too long. Overall, if you need some office supplies, definitely stop in here.
3	We like Staples, and prefer it to the other "Office" stores. There is a reason Staples had risen to the top in this category.  Both Office Depot and Office Max just cannot keep up.  Their selection is very good and they're always thinking if ways to attract you to stop. Coupons, $$ for recycling printer cartridges, document printing, I could go on.  But most of these items Staples started and have since been copied by the other two.   So "A-OK" Three Stars.
5	Went here today to get a printer I had on hold for me. Super big store and easy to find, especially since it was my first time going to the store. Employees were nice and I did not have to wait long to get my printer. Thankfully it was still on hold! The coupons are very handy when it comes to spending a lot on one thing!
1	Although the workers were available for service, the restrooms in the store, at least the women's were totally out of toilet paper and looked to have not been cleaned in a VERY long time. Extremely disgusting. Will not shop there again. Too many other adequate options. That is also a form of customer service.
1	Came in to get 6 xerox copies done on cardstock, that I brought in.  Their do it yourself xerox do not like cardstock so I always have them do it behind their counter and in 30 seconds, it's done.  Oh not today! The young lady behind the counter said you'll have to wait for it. I said ok, no problem.  Thinking it will be like 15-20 min. She's filling out a form and said "I can TRY to do this before my shift is over at 7:00 tonight."  Ummm, it's 2:45pm now, why the hell would I wait here until your shift gets done with and with the chance that my 6 xerox copies get done.?!   She did say that her copier has been down since Friday.  Ugh, kids. Why would she say you can wait, why would she say she will TRY to get it done before her shift is over and why would she said they could do it if their copier has been down for the last 5 days!!  Not going back to this Staples.
1	Beware of misleading prices. At the register, you will learn that you will pay much more than the price posted. You have to go online to obtain a rebate. Really?? Hello Best Buy or Target, both down the street.
5	Staples is a great place to buy electronics when they have it.  Price match against other stores like Amazon then use Staples coupons & rebates.Awesome deals on post-holiday seasonal products.
