2	Deluxe Cleaners is a little out of the way from us but we were told to go here from a friend, mainly because they fold shirts for an additional charge after laundering, and my husband wanted to take nicely folded dress shirts with him when he traveled.  They do a nice job on the shirts, and I took a few items here of my clothes for dry cleaning.  Though the price was a little high, they did a nice job.Yesterday I decided to go the wrong way from work to drop off clothes that I really need cleaned for travel tomorrow.  Last time I was there, the place offered same day service so I figured I had plenty of time before Wednesday to get my things cleaned.  I showed up right around 7:20 AM - the sign on the door said they open at 7 AM but the lights were off, doors locked, open sign off.  I tried the door, and a woman ran out of her car and told me she works there but apparently the locks were changed and she did not have the right key.  That is weird on many levels, but nevertheless, I was farther from work and running late, so I bolted angrily.I thought about not returning, but my husband convinced me to try again today so I could drop off around 7 and then head to work, able to pick up the clothes I need after work today.  This time he called to make sure they were open - and they were.  I walked in and asked for same day service.  The associate told me they no longer do same day service as of now unless I go directly to their plant?!?!  What the heck!!!  So I wasted two trips in a row going the wrong direction from work and there are no perks for me if they do not do same day service and are not always open at 7!  I told my husband to take his shirts there if he chooses but I will not waste my time with this place anymore.
1	Avoid this place!! I went there many times and had many re dos. The last straw was when I left  a dress for them to go by when hemming 4 inexpensive dresess. They charge 20.00 per hem which is way over priced. The 4 dresses had an extra button attached to each which I told owner MARIA to PLEASE leave attached to the dresses. I went in to get my dresses and they were not hemmed to the same length of the sample dress, the 2 jackest I let were not iron, but yet THEY try to charge me. I paid for the sheets they pressed, demamded my buttons which MARIA said her sister removed....Bacically STOLE Them. I got tired of all the mess ups, the over charging and stealing. As I was leaving the GREEDY owner MARIA said "You have a balance"...LOL! I told her SHE HAS A BALANCE for stealing my buttions from my dresses and messing up my clothes. I spent my time, gas and miles to go there and these idiots want me to pay for re dos and goof ups. They are GREEDY and they take on more than they can handle. AVOID them and go elsewhere.They also have other locations called DELUXE CLEANERS AND ALERATIONS. They only thing DELUXE about them is their price. They are a bunch of greedy idiots that cannot sew and very often things are not ready on time. They do not bother to call you, they just let you drive there to be told that they are running behind................GREED!!! Also they offer a discount of 10% if you PRE-PAY, This way they already have your money when they mess it up. I never PRE-PAID them ever because of this.Any postings on here that gives them a good rating are BOGUS.
1	Horrible Customer Service! They lost my brand new pants, then finally found it &over charged me... they wanted $20 to hem a pair of pants. The manager didn't try to help either. He said "go ahead & complain I don't care!" Run from this place!!!
