4	the waffle factor: i don't work, haven't for 12 years, so we don't have much money. hotels are a luxury. but often needed.now i can just get the cheapest hotel i can find or. my new "or" is the waffle factor.if a hotel is having troubles, getting rid of breakfast is an option, so i only get hotels now who have a breakfast. but breakfast can be pretty crummy, so a few months ago, 4 hotel rooms back exactly, i switched to getting the cheapest hotel that advertised waffles for breakfast. it works!it gets me out of the worse hotels and into the next up tier. this was an excellent inexpensive, nicely maintained hotel.right off the 17.everything is remodeled, nice people at front desk. working spa and pool.and cute bathrooms: curved inside shower with glass door and pocket door, sink outside. very nice design.recommended.
1	Checked in with my family of five for two rooms a little after 10 PM. My wife made the reservation with the desk agent directly with the hotel. We had a pet and confirmed they accepted pets which they did. We also confirmed that we could get two adjoining rooms, confirmed this on two different calls directly with the female desk agent at the hotel. When we arrived at the hotel at a little after 10 PM I was told by the male desk agent there were no adjoining rooms, I indicated we had confirmed this twice and he told me they were full and he put us in two rooms across the hall from each other, not optimal with a family with kids. Although unhappy we went to our rooms and unpacked. Once the kids were in bed we noticed that the bathroom smelled of urine and then noticed the pull out pocket door had not been cleaned for sometime, assumed this was urine and the bathroom light did not work. We then noticed what looked like vomit on the inside wall of the room next to the entrance door to the room. Since desk agent told me the hotel was full, no other pet rooms and no adjoining rooms were available we made the best of it and I would speak to the desk agents in the morning at checkout. Upon checkout the next morning I informed the same male agent I checked in with of the problems with the room, instead of offering an apology he indicated we should have called when we found the problems so he could change rooms for us. I reminded him he told me they were full when we checked in, he said no they had other rooms. The female agent that took our reservation was also standing there and confirmed that she had in fact booked us adjoining rooms. Needless to say I was pretty upset.  Neither agent offered an apology but continued to tell me that I should have called down when we found the problems. In this day and age when hotels are everywhere and competition relies on great customer service I would avoid this hotel at any cost.
4	We needed a room close to Scottsdale for two nights.  Rooms in Scottsdale were priced way out of our budget.  So, based on other reviews, I booked this place and I'm very glad I did.  Clean, nicely furnished, good breakfast, and great service.  The free Wi-Fi had a decent speed, and it was incredibly quiet.  The bed was comfortable, the towels looked new.  I was very happy, and feel that I got good value for my money.  Are there nicer places with fancier amenities?  Sure, but you pay dearly for them.  If you want a clean, comfortable, friendly place to stay - this one is great.
5	Great place to stay. I had a couple friends in town and they decided to book a couple rooms there. We got done late that night and decided to stay  there with them, so I booked a room and the staff there was very accommodating. I got a great deal for the one night stay, the next morning breakfast was good, and with the heat here in AZ the pool is great to keep cool. The manager Ajay was very nice and very helpful. I recommend this place to anybody looking for a great place to stay at an affordable price.
3	They were renovating on the main floor so part of the hallway was taped off and there was a strong smell of paint. Room was fine. Bed was ok. My room had very low lighting which was annoying at night. The hot tub was great. Didn't try breakfast.
4	I had a surprisingly good stay here and would come back again.  I wasn't expecting much after reading the mixed reviews on yelp, but my husband and I had to make a very last-minute trip to PHX, which necessitated a desperate internet search for an inexpensive room.  The front desk clerk was really quite nice, amiable, and appropriately apologetic when we returned to the front desk and requested another non-smoking room (there was definitely smoke in our first room and we are not smokers).  Our room was clean, the bed was comfy, and the decor updates were appreciated.  A/C worked well and we did not hear any noise from adjacent rooms.  Because of the ongoing renovations at the time of our stay, part of the hallway was taped off on the main floor.  Breakfast offerings were satisfactory: juices/coffee/tea, mini muffins and other little pastries, instant oatmeal packets, several dry cereals, sausages, and waffles (DIY).Price was right ($49/night for my king room) -- this was for a Sunday night.  Location isn't the greatest, but access to major roads is good.  Not a bad find for a last-minute online search!
1	We stayed here on our way to Sedona. We arrived at 1130pm and checked out around 9 am. We saw they were pet friendly and the guy gave us a rate of around 50$. I checked my credit card today and saw a charge of $156. I called them to inquire on the charge and they said it was because we had a dog. If you look above, you see it is pet friendly with no mention of any charges. This seems like a scam to me. I'll be on the phone with AMEX in the morning. There are a bunch of places around this area. I'd recommend staying in one of the many other places. Plus, there were some guys at the back entrance smoking something which made me feel uncomfortable for my wife. Maybe choose a different area. EDIT: You can see the honesty from this hotel in the comment below as a response. The manager is named "john F" in the title and "ajay patel" in the comment body. Let this be a symptom of your experience at the hotel. I suppose he thought putting the "kennedy" on the end would be going too far.
