5	Always replies quick and does what she promises!!  Never had a problem getting the VIP treatment when using Stacia.  She has walked me straight into several clubs where the "VIP Line" was over an hour wait!  Stacia is one of kind!
5	stacia is the best girl in the business. Enough said.
5	Stacia's sevices are great! I always go through her when going out on the town in vegas! She makes trying to plan things headache free and is always able to accomidate us what ever our budget may be. She's very professional and attentive, I strongly suggest using her for all your v.i.p needs!
5	Stacia is the best!!!  My girlfriends and I have been planning a "girls" trip to Vegas for a few years and we finally did it with the amazing help from Stacia.  She was extremely knowledgeable, friendly,  and most importantly,  has follow through. We were on a budget, so that was a little concern for us, but Stacia  got us into the hottest clubs both nights we were there!  We were on the guest lists like she said, and there weren't any problems at all!  For having never met her,  just contacting her through Yelp,  she really took care of us as if we were her friends.  I can't thank her enough for making our trip a memorable one.  I will ALWAYS reccommend her to ANYONE wanting to visit Las Vegas.  Whoo Hooo!  Thanks Again Stacia!
4	We did a girls weekend in Vegas and I got connected to Stacia through FB and she was great!   I was amazed she totally came through..... replied back when I called/emailed her, and helped us out getting on the lists to all the places we wanted to check out while we were there~that was awesome!  Thanks Stacia!!!!   I was bummed I didn't get a chance to meet you in person as we didn't have enough time there..... until next time!!!!   :-)hope all is ok with you.....
5	The service that Stacia provides is unmatched. She brings that Midwest hospitality to Las Vegas and is truly a diamond in the desert.
5	Friends had told me that when you go to Vegas you'll meet promoters who want you to come to their event & will get you in for free (which does happen alot) - but what about those clubs you always hear that the celebrities go to in Vegas? What if you want to feel as VIP as those celebrities when you go to Vegas and not just like the average person? Well in comes Stacia and ipartyinvegas!My girlfriends and I are cheap, but wanted to party in Vegas. I saw a coupon on ipartyinvegas on Yelp for the weekly pass and picked it up right away. Basically how it works is you text Stacia where you want to go and she'll put you on the guestlist. Show up at the venue, skip the line, get in for "free." Easy.Everything was planned through text, Stacia put us on the list at LAX, all the clubs in the Palms and the Rehab pool party. There are usually comped dinners for groups of girls, but this weekend the dinner plans fell through - all good though because we had just eaten at a buffet the night it was planned. Stacia frequently checks in during your stay and the ease of partying was made so much easier.We went to Vegas with only $100 in our pockets and ended up spending that on food only! This is really a great deal because places like the Palms charge almost $60 for their VIP tickets. Save your money and party in Vegas proper!
5	Stacia is fantastic.  She is completely on top of everything, and a master planner.  If you aren't sure where to go, she will have recommendations for you.  In addition to all the ridiculously helpful services the other reviews have talked about (lightning-quick response time, getting you on the list hassle-free, etc.).If you're going to Vegas and want to check out the nightlife without the headache, get in touch with her.  What are you waiting for?
5	First of all Stacia should NEVER receive anything less then 5 stars! It was my first time to Vegas and I was planning my own bachelor party pretty much and Stacie was soooo helpful setting up my VIP at club Pure. She answered every text I sent and made time to call me back to answer EVERY question I had..(BELIEVE ME THERE WERE A LOT!! sorry Stacie!..lol) Walked us into our VIP area, gave myself and my crew a tour of the club and even stayed a Lil to make sure we were ok!! But what made her stand out was how she remained respectful and calm when some of my ignorant friends complained at the begining,..Stacia explained to them that didn't understand how Vegas works and you get what you pay for on Sat night! Our VIP setup was great! and the fact that the table next to us never had anyone come only gave us more room to boogie! The ENTIRE VIP SECTION WAS JUMPING FROM THE TIME WE GOT THERE UNTIL THE CLUB CLOSED....YEA WE SHUT IT DOWN!!!..lol THANK YOU SOOOO MUCH STACIA FOR EVERYTHING, WE HAD THE TIME OF OUR LIVES THANKS TO YOU!!!
5	Going to Vegas with no plan is fun, but these days it can be a bit of a hassle if you're looking for a decent party! Put your trust in Ipartyinvegas and be taken care of properly! Party it up with Ipartyinvegas!
5	Stacia and her team were great. Everything was what we expected and more. Next time you are in Vegas get in touch with her and you won't be disappointed.
5	All I can say is THANK YOU STACIA!!! This girl is fantastic....I was recently in Vegas during fight/cinco de mayo weekend & never knew it because although the clubs were bananas, we never once waited in a line or paid a cover to get in all thanks to Stacia!! I frequent Vegas but I will say that this trip was hands down the best experience of all. The clubs she suggested were on point and a great time was had by all!!!!
5	So here's my deal. Last time I was in Vegas I was part of a bachlorette party and promoters approached us nonstop. This time around I was nervous because I would be going to Vegas with the family.The familia agreed to watch the kids for one night while the hubs and I partied it up. BUT!!!Promoters don't approach you if you're surrounded by kids and grandparents. Thats a fact. So I contacted Stacia and she was freakin AWESOME. She hooked up my husband and I with VIP entrance into XS!!!! Next time I'm in Vegas, whether with the family or a big ol group of girls, I'm definitely contacting Stacia. . . .AND YOU SHOULD TOO!!!!!!
5	Top Notch! Stacia is your Golden Ticket to Vegas Nightlife!
5	Stacia knows everyone in all the hot spots.  If you want to have a great time with no hassle, hook up with Stacia!
5	I can't believe I EVER stepped foot in Vegas without contacting Stacia!!Spent the weekend in Vegas and things were pretty slow, even slower, given we were staying off the Strip. All we wanted to do was party and we didn't really have any hooks to the right clubs... until I remembered stopping by this Yelp page while preparing for our Vegas trip. BEST EPIPHANY EVERRRRRRRRRR!Stacia is absolutely the best. She was on top of everything and always got back to us. She even offered to have us join her at her own table at another club when we almost didn't get into the club of our choice. She really knows how to pull some strings. She did it and we seriously owe it all to her. Although we would probably have had a BLAST partying it up with her, we had our hearts set on the club of our 1st choice. She even followed up with the day after to see how everything went. We skipped the damn line and walked past the velvet ropes. No cover charge, either. Hell yeah, hell yeah.THANK YOU, STACIA. YOU ARE THE BEST!!!Had the best weekend because of you. Going back home sucked! Teheheh. We're going back and definitely hitting you up first thing. Thanks again!
5	Came to enjoy Vegas with some friends but we had no connections in the city. Sure enough found Stacia on yelp talk and she helped us get plans in order for the weekend.  True to her word and the fellow yelp reviewers, she makes good on the plans.  Highly recommend her help for future Vegas plans.
1	With all the great reviews I thought I wouldn't have to worry about using stacia. I requested a host so we don't have to wait in line at xs for this past weekend. Gave all my info and she said I'm down for the reservation. I called the day before to confirm and then she tells me since it's Calvin Harris spinning she can't do it unless I'm gonna get a table or it's at least 6 girls, it was just 3 girls. I was so mad since I wasn't informed earlier and only because I tried to confirm did I find out.She said she could do marquee but my gf's really wanted to go to xs so we just went without any hookups and hoped we wouldn't have to wait long. Luckily the bouncers were super cool and he actually went up to us and let the 3 of us bypass the entire crazy line! On top of that the host let us in for free! Now I know next time we're in Vegas I don't need to use these bs services. If you're with all hot girls there's no need to wait and pay.
3	This is a cool service for all of the Vegas Virgins. Girls can get into almost all of the hot spots for free, especially if you are staying in that hotel. It did come in handy to let use know what was going on each night we were there. Like free drinks and stuff.
5	Thank you Stacia for the awesome hookup to XS and Pure my wife and I had no clue how to go clubbing in LV your help was invaluable. You are a class act for helping us.Thank youTom and Lucinda
