5	This location is the best maternity store I have been to offering selections in varying price ranges.  The staff are very nice and helpful, they even give you water if you want while your browse.  Also there is a spa inside that specializes in prenatal massages.  I took advantage of this twice when I was pregnant and once postnatal and was very pleased every time I went.  The service by the specialists was beyond amazing (they even sent me a card in the mail).  When you go into the spa you forget that you are in a maternity clothing store, it is so calming.  I recommend this place for every pregnant woman in the Charlotte area.
4	This is quite a maternity store.  You come in, a salesperson zips over to you and offers you assistance, guidance and complimentary juice or water (nice).  For the "leave me alone and let me shop" types, such as myself, this is a little overwhelming at first.  Just smile and nod and say thank you.  Then explore a bit.There is a range of price points here, which is nice.  They have Motherhood Maternity, Pea in a Pod, Edamame and some other brands.  When I went they were having an absurd 40% off redline sale which was very nice.  They have several styles, from your posh working mommy to your casual cargo pant wearer.They carry other maternity items, things that go along with nursing and Moby wraps and stuff.  They have two TV watching stations, one for the men (I found it very amusing to see all of those incredibly bored men sitting together) and one for the munchkins.  They're back to back so the men can glance over and keep an eye on the munchkins.They have a spa which I did not take advantage of, but it seemed convenient to be able to schedule a massage after a shopping day.I left content with my new stretchy top cargo pants, long tops and a massive stack of coupons and samples.
5	Best place for maternity clothes by far!  As soon as you walk in the door a salesperson will walk up to help you.  You'll be offered orange juice or a bottle of water (I was 9 months pregnant in August, so yes please!) and they'll walk you through how the store is laid out.  There are three different sections that are broken down by designers and price-scale.  You've got your top, upscale designer section on the right (example: gorgeous Hudson maternity jeans!), your mid-scale, mid-price clothes (a lot of Destination Maternity brand, which is good stuff) on the left, and then your lower price maternity clothes with lots of great deals in the back (mainly motherhood maternity brand).  It's so nice to have things laid out so you can avoid temptation if you're not going for the most expensive items.  There are so many options you'll definitely find whatever you're looking for.  Those staple maternity jeans, casual dresses, professional work, swimwear, formal dresses, sleepwear--everything can be found here.There is also a spa, which I haven't experienced but sounds awesome.  There is a small play area for kids that has toys and TV making it easy on whoever is watching the kids while you're in the dressing room.  I have been here several times since having our little girl as it's the best place to find nursing tops/bras, baby gifts and other necessities for the new mom.
5	best shopping experience ! lots of merchandise and people over there so friendly
5	I went here for the first time yesterday in search of nursing bras.  The store is HUGE and has so many different options for whatever you're looking for.  The nursing bra section had endless styles to choose from.  Right when I started looking at the bras, a sales associate (Jeanie) was there to help.  She was very knowledgeable and asked me a lot of questions to help me find what would work best for me.  The other sales associates were also very helpful when Jeanie wasn't available.  My whole experience was just great and exactly the kind of customer service that I would want.  I'll definitely be back for any future nursing or maternity wear needs.
