4	i think this place is open 24 hours or maybe just open till really really late.  but this is the place to go when your in vegas and your craving some carne asada fries after the clubs. haha!  it fills me up..it a full dixie paper plate full,  good for sharing.
3	Hit or miss, just like all Robertos are.
2	Walked in, and the cashier was pretty friendly. I gave her the order, saw her input the special items correctly, paid and waited.They were pretty quick at getting all of the food out, as my order was to go, and I was running late (Roberto's closest to work closed and we didn't know), I had to get back before I could open the container.Now, the person who took my order, is also the person who packaged the food. She did not bother to remember or read the special instructions, thus getting my order wrong.No big deal, I didn't want the other items anyway, apparently. The taste was almost absent on my enchilada. The chicken taco was good, the beef taco tasted a bit over-fried/crunchy.The prices are a bit high for such mediocre/poor quality/taste. I think I will give other taco shops a try next time I am craving tacos.
1	horrible. inedible. they smothered the rolled tacos in cheese, which didnt help the lack of taste, not to mention that it was just a greasy mess. i gave it all to my dog... atleast someone was happy that night.
1	I sort of didn't like how the tables were dirty, and the food was alright.Not a fan.
4	I highly recommend getting the bean and cheese burrito with sour cream on the inside. (yes, that's exactly how I order it) its like 3 dollars and it fills you up. If you're on a greasy cheesy unhealthy kick then do it up! This location isn't as "cozy" as other locations I guess and the workers are real stoic but it's real quiet and relaxing.
3	I had the Monday chicken burrito special and carne asada fries for 13. - Great chicken burrito deal. A regular drink cost almost 2 bucks so we just got the meal for 4. Also comes with rice and beans. - carne asada fries are crispy. similar to molca-salsa but without the nacho cheese and more expense.- filthy. when i entered, i felt like i needed to take a shower. bathroom has graffiti everywhere. seating are uncleaned. - free refills for horchata! no fee like socal! :)- they have specials on tuesday and wednesday. I may come back to try it, especially their breakfast burrito.
5	This is da spot for some good mexican food!
3	When you are driving home late at night and need a well made enchilada or chimichanga, this is the place to stop. Good bean and cheese burritos and 99 cent tacos on Wednesday as well. Open 24 hours and the staff has always been polite and gotten my order right. The decor is run down but the food is good, I like to call ahead and pick up my food to go.
3	Don't worry, you won't die eating their tacos.If you're up a 2 am and hungry, this place is the go to spot. That's pretty much an open Roberto's in the Spring Valley hood. Just like any Roberto's...wash your hands prior to eating.
1	Where to start...Carne Asada tacos = very pretty but blandBeef taco salad = very sloppy and blandChicken enchiladas were swimming in a soup and meat was bland.. How does sour cream not come with the enchiladas?Fries were good, just a tad too much salt :/Just don't
1	Grabbed Roberto's the other night for dinner... Much to my disappointment the California burrito no longer comes with guac or sour cream! If it doesn't have at least one of those ingredients than it's not a California burrito you penny pinching cheap b^$+ards!No thank you, never again. There are way too many better options for similar prices.
3	Its Roberto's.  I wasn't expecting anything special or spectacular...I wanted something different from what I always get when I'm in a hurry...Del Taco, Jack in the Box...I was bored!Stopped in about 6:45pm last night, got an order of nachos with no meat and no guac, and a burrito (don't remember what kind, it was for my fella.)Service was polite, but not overly nice, and the food was prepared quickly.We went home and ate, and it was exactly what I'd been craving.  Something tasty, and easy.  Could I make better nachos at home? Of course.  But for convenience, I'll eat at this location again.
4	So it looks like from the other reviews I've had a pretty decent experience every time I've been here! Being that this is the closet location to me and the limited amount of food that is available in the late hours Roberto's is always my 1st choice! Carne Asada fries are a hit!! I usually get the nachos but them chips are extremely fried and hard! Even though As far as calories are concerned the fries are more.. But who's counting calories right?? RIGHT! Service for the most part is what it is.. If you don't speak Spanish at least know how to communicate the # of your item! They definitely nickel and dime you for every one of the extras and it's expensive for just a regular burrito once you finish trying to add in all the extras and substitutes! Portions are always equal to what you pay for! That's why the nachos or fries are the best! Seems everytime I go though the prices increase!
5	5 Stars for Roberto's on Flamingo and Rainbow!! We had a caterer scheduled for lunch today at work for Employee Appreciation Week who did a no call/no show, and I called Roberto's to see if they can make 90 tacos within a half hour.  They made three types of tacos within our requested time frame, packed them nicely and helped us load them in the car.  They were delicious! Thank you for saving the day!
4	Came here last Saturday as this was my first time I got to say the food was delicious a little greasy but what do you expect from a taco place. The only negative I can say about this place is that it is pricey so be expected to pay a little more then what you intended to pay because that's what happened to me and the was a meal for two people that wasn't that much food anyhow the customer service is good you get alot of bigger portions to choose from compared to other taco places overall I will be back.
