3	After searching for a place for brunch, we came across this restaurant on our walk.  We had the les folies which was everything imaginable on a plate including 2 eggs, crepes, potatoes, bacon, sausage, fruit and beans.  Also had the banana and chocolate crepes that came with fruit, potatoes.  We really enjoyed the potatoes.  Cute place to grab a bite, nothing extraordinary, but worth checking out if you're hungry.
3	Nice patio, but full of smokers. Inside looked like they were trying to be a retro diner, but not quite. Right when you walk in is a DJ-CD-mixing thingy and a couple of disco balls so looks like it turns into a hip lounge after hours. They were still serving breakfast at 1:30 on a Tuesday afternoon so we partook. I had the Les Folies with everything - 2 eggs, 2 sausages, 2 bacon strips, 2 crepes, potatoes, 1 fat piece of toast cut into triangles and heavily buttered, 2 slices of Swiss cheese, beans, and fruit. It tasted like good diner food, bacon not perfectly crisp, nothing too greasy, all quite filling. On tv was extreme sports, specifically base jumping and sky diving, then rock climbing without any safety measures save landing in a body of water. Service ok. Accepts credit cards. Cute place for a meal. Love that the only other couple inside was still there after we left - and I eat real slow. Few others trickled in. Serves alcohol, looked like a full bar.
3	We decided on the whim to eat here. The food was decent. But, we had a little problem with the service. We were served improperly. The waitress was not cognisant of our plates and her attitude was unacceptable. Perhaps, she was having a bad day. I would definitely eat there again & give it a second chance.
4	The food is fresh and up to what you would expect French food would be! I orders crepe special which came with 2eggs ( I chose Benedict eggs which came perfect!!!) crepe with strawberry and ham stuff and cheese with fruit in stick, bread and ham for only 12. Bucks! Love love! Nice find! I wanted to try l'avenue, too but there were 15 people waiting. I'm glad I discover this place!!
4	My sister loves this place. I love this place. And we never agree. We hold this place close to our heart. Last time we were there we went to town on their sangria, and I think we shared something to eat in between, I don't remember. Sangria, ole!They have a charming little patio. I say charming because it's pretty small and can get cramped but is a great terrace to eat or drink in the summer. The interior is your quaint diner - booths, tables, and sit up bar.The food isn't elaborate, just good flavours and well-prepared dishes. Here are three perfect plates.  I'm partial to the last one, because I love croque monsieur.Les Folies? Yes, please.
1	This place gave me one of my worst restaurant experience I ever had. Do not get me wrong folks, I had huge expectations out of this place. I missed three events of few close friends, but couldnt make it for whatever reasons. Anyway one night me, my brother and my mom went looking for some family time out. I suggested patati patata but it wasnt as intimate so my brother said he wanted to come check out folies, so with my final motion ahead we came here. We got seated yes. And the waiter took forever to come. At a point they even switched the waiters around. I was shocked seeing my waiter chatting with the table beside us with my glass empty. I kept asking the other waitress if she had anything with lime, or even just plain lime water. Her reply.. no. She was having trouble communicating, and even though me and my brother were fine with French I could see her clearly getting frustrated. I dont how but somehow I gues because of the weather I got a realy nasty flu and was burning up fast, so we had to cut the dinner short. The waitress never bothered to come back for more water, or even ask if we were "okay" let alone needed anything. After waiting for the longest while my brother had to literally walk to the waitress in the front to ask her to pass us the bill. I guess he was just worried that with my fever and getting angry I wouldve just walked out without billing. I may have just done that. May have... Anyway my brother just paid everything on the counter itself. We left as quickly as we could. The staff never bothered with a smile/or a come again/or even an embarrasment about how we were treated. With all my anger aside, I dont care if your food is good/okay/great/unedible or whatever. Nothing makes anything worse then bad customer service a la max, especially when someone is sick. If not a little hospitality I would expect some little consideration. I get it, its a low lighted and loud restaurant, not the best pick for me at the time of, but the most I couldve gone was some fast service when I needed. This could have been easily a good review if anyone from this place had some little decency. I will Never Ever come back here again.
3	If you wanna a have a lazy Sunday brunch & take a break from the touristy places , the plateau is your spot.. I discovered this area in Montreal through an online article on places to relax .. & this restaurant is perfect for people watching! I mean it. :p  great vibe, great service, good sunshine ( try and get a seat in the patio ) .. On food , most would love it, but I felt overfed.. The portions are too big & a bit greasy .. But then what's a brunch without a heavy dose ;)
4	For the price and location, I'll give them 5 stars..minus 1 for the smoking on the patio. I am surprised smoking on patios is still legal in Montreal! It sure isn't in California. As I'm pregnant, the smokers were annoying but eh, it's Montreal.. what do ya expect?Anyway, the food is yummy!!! Their poutine was DEVOURED in seconds. I ordered a side of poutine along with my veggie burger. Everything was delicious! Our waitress was a sweetheart. What a cool place :) Literally across the street from the metro.
5	I visited with a friend and we enjoyed the entire experience. We sat outside on the patio on a beautiful Saturday night. We chose Les Folies because we thought it looked super cute and had a great ambiance. I had the steak Poutine, which was delicious. The fries were thin cut and crispy and the steak was a nice addition to make it a meal. My friend had the Cali chicken sandwich which she also enjoyed. Overall, the combination of the fun atmosphere on the patio, nice waitress and excellent food made it a great night out.
4	I came solo on a Friday night for a quick bite to eat. It's so close to the Mont Royal Metro that it's almost right outside of the station door. The vibe is cool, chill and relaxed but funky. I had the Cancun wrap and it was cheesy and crunchy. The staff are friendly and the food came hot and fast. I would definitely come here to try something else delicious from their menu. They have a selection of poutines that sound delish! A cool spot to have a long Friday dinner with friends because it isn't too packed but wasn't dead. Yum!
3	A cold night in Montreal was warmed by my fabulous white bean, quinoa and tomato soup, a glass of wine and a salad full of health and freshness at Les Folies. The service was warm and friendly. Didn't try the entrees but you have lots to choose from for the vegetarian and the carnivore. Feels like a neighborhood spot where locals would come back. Only complaint-very dimly lit. Perhaps candles on the tables would brighten the atmosphere. Would give it 31/2 stars.
