5	This place fixes not only shoes, but purses, luggage and whatever needs good stitching.I dropped off my red canvas purse on Wed, and it was ready on Sat. Picked up late, and found that not only they fixed the loose end of the handle I requested, but also re-enforced all other ends.  cost: $6.88but they used brown color stitches instead of red. Can't tell unless you look closely though.Then I grabbed some dress shoe laces, and the shop master asked a few questions to help me find the right size. He's really knowledgeable and nice.
5	Cecil's is the best. I took in a pair of black Old Navy riding boots that I got for Christmas two years ago and a brown North Face Oso jacket that I bought three or four years back. The heels were starting to wear off on the boots, right where the boot connects to the heel, and Cecil said they couldn't patch up that one part, but they could put a wider, taller heel on them for about $16-$18. The main zipper pull of the jacket had broken off, and Cecil fixed it himself with a pair of pliers and a new pull--for $8.44. This is a great small business, and I'm pretty sure they can fix just about anything wearable that needs fixing.
4	Really great place. Went there on the advice of a friend, and now I'm a bit obsessed with Ron himself. Such a character, and I mean that in the best sense of the word. He does great work, and always goes above and beyond. Not expensive at all, and your shoes come back looking perfect (actually, more than so). Got two heels replaced, and he even polished them up nicely before giving them back. So taken with the experience that I wrote about Cecil's on my blog. (http://looksharpsconnie.blogspot.com/2012/05/cecil-shoe-doctor.html)
5	I visited Cecil's West for the first time last week. I had a pair of flat riding boots that was too wide and tall at the shaft plus a purse with a loose handle. I went to Cecil's and showed him the boots. He gave me great advice about the boots, and prevented me from ruining them by moving or adjusting items on the boot that would have made them look worse. He was the voice of reason, and was not going to undertake a job that would not make me happy at the end! I really appreciated that! He did a great job on my purse. I highly recommend this for any shoe/purse repairs!
5	I love going to Cecil's. They are so nice and they do quality work. I've taken shoes, belts and purses up to this point and always been very happy with the work. We will continue to go there for as long as we live in Madison.
5	I always take my shoe/boot repairs to Cecil's, they're friendly and helpful, and honest, too.  They'll make suggestions about caring for items and tell you if they can't fix something.  One time I brought a boot in for a new grommet, he attached a new one in about a minute, and said it was one dollar.  I didn't have any cash on me, and he said "pay the next time you're in."  Of course, I ran to the car and borrowed a dollar from my mom, but you don't get that kind of service any where anymore!  They'll even polish your riding boots, and they've fixed my half chaps a few times--no comment on their work, I'm just really hard on my riding gear.Be sure to say "hi" to Felix the shop cat (and real boss of the place).
4	So to be honest, I didn't even know if there were shoe repair places around anymore; but Cecil's is the best. They are always fast and do a great job. I took two separate pairs of boots to Cecil's with broken zippers and booth were fixed like new in less then a week. They also have very good pricing.
4	Just got my leather boots repaired here. There was a rip in the leather on the toe, and he said that although he couldn't completely fix it, he could make it look much better. He originally told me it would take about a week, but called me 2 days later to tell me they were done! He managed to match the color perfectly, and you can only tell they were fixed if you look very closely. It was also very affordable - I only spent $14 on the repair!
5	We have been taking our shoes for repair here for so many years. He's amazing and a very friendly man too, I recommend Cecil hands down!
5	My mom showed me Cecil's recently when a favorite pair of high heeled boots broke. She has taken all of our shoes there since we were little, and I am so glad she showed me! I thought that my $60 shoes were about to be garbage until she took me to Cecil's. It took him less than a week to fix, and only cost me $10! Thanks Cecil, you're the man!
5	Fast, very reasonable price.  Re-attached straps on a fancy leather backpack purse that broke within the first month of purchase (shame on the original manufacturer!).  Cecil had it repaired with no evidence.  Now it's usable again.  The ultimate green is to keep using existing stuff.
5	I travel a lot and my roller bag zipper broke on the way home. I had a week before my next trip and didn't think there would be any way it could be repaired in time. It was done in less than 48 hours! $12.50 instead of $150 for a new bag.  I was so grateful!
1	My family has been patronizing Cecil's for over 40 years, when there still was a Cecil. The current owner has been on the west side for years and we've been going there, too. Well, it might be time to pass the torch. He is obviously infirm and not spry, but that's no reason to be completely rude. I walked in just to get an estimate on sewing a stitch across a handbag strap. After I asked how long it would be and mentioned I was just in town for a few days, he took my ticket and ripped it up in my face. Seriously. What? Did that just happen?!I walked a few feet down in the same strip mall to Express Alterations, a family-run shop, where the owner took my bag, ran it through her machine and called it good at five bucks, faster than I could write this review. She wished me happy holidays as I left and I thanked her in kind. So long, Cecil's. Also, the repair you just did on my mom's shoes looks like crap and she's pissed, too.
