1	This location scares the bejesus out of me. There's always armed policeman patrolling the store, the lights are dim, and for some reasons it always smells when I walk in.The clientele don't help either, but that has nothing to do with the store...just its proximity to a particularly poor part of town.
2	I really enjoy birthday cakes and I have to say that Fry's can make a good cake. In fact, when put in front of me next to a similar cake from AJ's, I cannot tell a difference (since I am not a spring chicken anymore, I have had many cakes from both places, although I do love AJ's).  My mother recently purchased two cakes from Fry's: a black forest cake and a Napoleon cake in honor of my birthday.  During the birthday song, I plucked off some blackberries from one of the cakes (hush, it was my birthday!). When the lights came on, I was a bit horrified to see that the remaining berries were covered in white fuzz.  I am very very certain that this fuzz was not sugar, but MOLD.If you are going to sell a cake topped with fruit, it is very important to use FRESH fruit, or just abandon the concept and put chocolate on the cake instead. I mean, it is a cake, not a tart, and everyone likes chocolate. Or, how about a fruit-shaped cookie or fondant molded into the shape of a strawberry?   Needless to say, I survived eating the moldy berries, and apparently the taste was well-masked by super sweet frosting. But Fry's Bakery, please take note of this because putting moldy fruit on your otherwise pretty cake is sinful, disgusting, sad and offensive.
3	We went here a couple times while we were staying in Phoenix and at one point I ran to the store late. I was in search of some chapstick and couldn't find the specific kind my husband likes. After searching for a while someone came up to me and asked if I wanted help and walked to the aisle to show me where what I was looking for was. Only reason I said A-Ok is because when I went to park there was a group of people hanging out on the right parking lot by my car. I went to go in the door and realized that it was locked and had to go into the main door. I just felt like my rental was unsafe so I tried to hurry as much as I could and get out of there!
