1	First and foremost, buyer beware. I did not end up doing business with this company, but I thought I should write a review here to let others know WHY I chose not to do business with them. Andy did a drive-by estimate for removal of a palm tree and stump grinding. Before he did the estimate, he told me over the phone that it would probably cost at least $300, which is right around what multiple other bonded and insured arborists had been quoting me at for the same service. When he came out to my property, he quoted me at $650-- over double the price of most of the bids that I got for this job. Furthermore, he tried to tell me that I should try to sell my palm tree, which anyone with experience in this field should know is NOT possible because there isn't at least 2' of space around the base of the tree-- it's outgrown its planter and needs to be cut down. That didn't exactly speak volumes to me about his knowledge of tree removal. To be honest, between his astronomical bid and his naive suggestion, I got the impression that this company is pretty shady. That may not be the case, but I'm not taking my chances.
4	We typically try to trim our trees about every two years.  We obtained multiple bids from tree service companies that had decent ratings on either Yelp, the BBB or Angie's List. The bids were for pruning of 4 mesquites and 2 palo brea trees.  The Tree Amigos were higher than the lowest bid we got, but we chose The Tree Amigos since we liked the idea of supporting a smaller company and due to the fact that they have certified arborists that do the tree trimming.One of the mesquites is quite big and the job done by Johnnie on that tree was very good.  Of the three remaining mesquites, two were fine and the third was questionable in our opinion.  To be fair, we did ask them to trim this mesquite away from a building, but everyone who has seen the tree is of the opinion that the tree was over trimmed.  Hopefully, it will fill back in as they have advised us it will.As for the two palo brea trees they look good, but we felt that some additional thinning could have been done on these trees since a minimal amount was removed and these particular trees had never been professionally pruned.  We are not arborists so perhaps The Tree Amigos are correct in their trimming of these trees.Johnnie did mention to me that they had damaged one of the window screens and apologized for that.  Unfortunate, but I thought it was at least commendable that he informed us of this.  They very willingly offered to pay the cost to repair the screen and I have no doubt they will do so.Lastly, the clean up job that was performed would rate a 3 out of 5 stars with us.  I had to ask Johnnie to further clean the grass area of our yard where there was a small pile of branches and other twigs left behind.  In other areas of the front and backyard we continued to pick up twigs for days after the trimming.  In comparison to other companies that have trimmed the trees previously the cleanup job was just not as good and I am just of the opinion that a business should leave the premises as good or better than how they found it.  Granted, the tree pruning is of greatest importance, but I think the cleanup job can leave a great final impression with a customer if done right.
