1	What do you think of when Louis Vuitton is mentioned? Luxury? Glamour? Celebrities? For me it's uninspiring, overpriced shoes and bags and an empty, albeit luxurious looking, shop on Multrees Walk. I'm not quite sure why this brand decided to open a shop in Edinburgh or who it's meant to appeal to; the only people I ever see in here are Japanese tourists and very bored shop assistants. Harvey Nichols seems to have got the designer market covered, even if you can't afford their wares, the window displays appeal to all and entice people inside. Louis Vuitton has failed miserably in this respect, their windows (much like their stock) are bland and unexciting, I'd suggest getting your designer fix somewhere else.
3	Okay to shop in this store you obviously need to be:1. Asian or2. A ChavI never see anyone else shopping here. I have no idea how Chav's afford it, but they do. This makes me very sad. This Louis Vuitton store seems kind of random considering there isn't any other designer shops to support it apart from Havery Nicks. It would be great on 5th Avenue, but it just doesn't seem to work here. I am just bitter I can't afford to shop here, if I could i would be raving about the place. I do admire the models in the pictures in the window. Other than that their window displays are dull and Harvey Nicks dicks all over it.
2	Louis louis louis!Remember when this craze kicked off? I think there are more fake louis vuitton bags than real ones. This shop is nice enough though, but there is definitely an air of tension. I always feel unworthy in here. The doormen and the staff eyeing you up and down, just don't feel welcome. Even if you have a real louis, you feel like you've got a fake because of all the eyes following you. Every single time I've been in here it's been full of tourists. Yeah that's fine, but I think it sums up it's success in Edinburgh. Locals wouldn't particularly come here. Their window displays are amazing though, I must admit.
4	I have been into Louis Vuitton before and was offered assistance as soon as i walked in the door, however never purchased anything.I have read countless reviews about LV Sales Assistants being rude and snobby so was a little worried to go make my first purchase in this store. Being only 18 i was concerned that they would look past me as being too young to afford this sort of thing.I turned up and was greeted by two doormen who were friendly and held the door open for me. I browsed the shop and selected a bag that i thought i would like. I must have stood for half an hour in a fairly empty shop while the sales assistants tended to everyone else before myself, eventually the doorman actually came up to me and asked me if i needed help. I find this a little bad that the doorman was actually doing the sales assistant job as i was being ignored.After 5 minutes i was assisted by a woman named Jennifer who was very polite and let me have a look at the Speedy 30, 35 and 40 before i made a decision to buy the 40. She was even lovely when i asked for a new dust bag because the one she had selected was dirty and she quickly sorted that. She packed up my bag while i browsed the store and brought it out to me.Overall i was extremely happy with the service and everyone was friendly. Don't really understand all the criticism. I was even offered the complimentary heat stamping service.
