4	Yay, this location is finally open! So glad to have one closer to where I live! Same great menu to choose from. Went in there once to pick up dinner and service was pretty slow. Not sure if that was because it's new and didn't have adequate staffing or what.. Hopefully they improve on that.
5	BEST teriyaki bowl EVER!!!! From the taste and food quality to the decor and atmosphere this location is the best location! The taste and quality has always been the same, that is hard to find at other restaurants. The employees are so delightful, happy, cheerful and welcoming. Not many places have such happy people working. The price is fair, I usually cannot finish my teriyaki bowl so I end up with left overs. I think 2 meals for under $10 is a pretty decent. They don't charge for extra sauces either, that is rare and very appreciated. If you want a quick, healthy, fairly priced meal. Stop by teriyaki madness!! I guarantee you will not be disappointed in anything that you try. Parking can be challenging to some.... It doesn't hurt to walk a little. Especially after indulging in some incredible food.
3	Delicious chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies! Sometimes I indulge in their crab rangoons, too...tasty little morsels!
2	I've had excellent meals at another location, so I stopped by this location recently when I was nearby. The order takers were young and looked bored/unenthused. Loud and at times offensive dance music was being played through the house speakers. When an order was ready, the server didn't have a very loud voice and often looked frustrated that nobody could hear her call out the names.When my food finally arrived (the spicy chicken plate) the chicken had been overcooked and spiced unevenly. The noodles were good, and so were the vegetables -- still a good value for your money considering the quantity of food -- but this is not the place to have a quality relaxing meal. Overall it reminded me of a high school cafeteria with dance music. I will eat at the other location if I want this food again.
4	Great food! And great service.. The food is always fresh and nice place to sit and eat!
4	Come here for the orange chicken.Food is great, location is great.The amount of tables inside have them ready for a lot of people to eat in, but there never seems to be a lot of people to stay and eat.It's a fairly new place to this side of town(that I know of) but I def come here to eat than panda.
2	Place was dirty, took over half an hour for my food which was cold, very disappointed in the quality of my meal for the price I paid.  The one in Warm Springs is MUCH better.
2	In the last couple weeks I've heard a lot about Teriyaki madness so I had I go try it out for myself. I went Monday around 6pm, and the place was empty! Not a good sign. The first thing I noticed was the few selections on the menu. Kinda like chipotle. I just ordered the traditional teriyaki chicken bowl. I had mine with white rice and salad. The teriyaki was very tasty! I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, even tho I had way too much rice vs teriyaki. The salad was subpar. Nothing to talk about. The drink selection was limited to fountain drinks. For all the hype I've heard about this place, quite frankly I expected a lot more. Very comparable to your fast food Panda Express, or chipotle and honestly, id rather go to those places...-Joseph
5	My husband and I LOVE the spicy chicken bowl here. We could eat this clean low calorie food every single day. The chicken thigh pieces are a combination of crispy, salty and sweet on a bed of sticky brown rice and a side of perfectly steamed crunchy broccoli. Yum
5	Been here several times and the staff has always been always nice.  The same cashier has rang me up at least 3 previous times and she has been consistently friendly.  I normally order the stir fried yakisoba noodles but today I tried the bowl with spicy chicken, veggies, and noodles as the base.  I also requested all white meat (I didn't know I can do that until the cashier said I could, cool!) I poured the teriyaki sauce over the entire bowl and this gave me a good combination of sweet,spicy, and salty.  I also like how the veggies are cooked, fresh and not soggy or well done.  Usually when ordering a bowl you have too much rice/noodles left over, in this case, I had too much chicken which is not a complaint.  I like this place a lot and will definitely be coming back.
5	I love their chicken. This is one of my daughters favs. It's simple and fresh and their sauce is great. Sometimes I combo up half spicy chicken/regular chicken. No matter what I've never been disappointed with Teriyaki Madness. Now their bowls come with the veggies. Yay!! So happy to see them expanding. They are waayyyy better than Ur average panda express.
5	Amazing teriyaki chicken bowl! I love it , huge portion and great taste . If there was a little bit more veggies it would be perfect but overall very great place.
5	Let's keep this short and sweet as this is a upper tier qsr (quick service restaurant)...If you are looking for the Japanese/Hawaiian equivalent of Panda Express but 10x better...than this is the spot! Spicy Chicken is an essential to get on any plate/bowlNoodles is pretty good for the extra chargeVery fresh...good quality...excellent food...nuff said
5	Love this place first started going off to the one on Warmsprings been going to this one lately just because it's on the way to everything that I do in town always consistent love the spicy beef and chicken combo macaroni salad is out of this world
4	I've been here a few times now. I always order the spicy chicken bowl. It comes with good amount of flavorful spicy chicken, rice, and vegetables.  Sometimes I feel like making it even spicier so I add Sriracha sauce.  The place it self always looks clean to me, big and empty and maybe a couple other customer...
4	Ate there twice while staying Vegas. Got chicken teriyaki once and beef teriyaki once. It's worth the extra money to get the plate versus the bowl because there is much more food. Also got pot stickers and edamame. Edamame was very good. Pot stickers were OK.
5	Five stars because its fresh, affordable and the portions are huge. If you like Flame Broiler, you'll love this place. It's as good as Waba Grill. The veggies are stir fried and their menu has a little more variety. I'm glad I tracked this place down. I'll be back whenever I hit Vegas.
5	The spicy teriyaki chicken is everything! A must try.  also, the grilled veggies and brown nice.
2	Recently we looked around at several restaurants similar to Teriyaki Madness to cater food for my son's Christening.  After calling this Teriyaki Madness location to get pricing we decided to place an order.  The person on the phone said we could come in any time to place the order and pay for it.  Since they did not require that we place our order in advance we stopped by a few days before our event.  When we got there we were extremely disappointed to find out that the person on the phone gave us the wrong pricing and the actual cost of the food was double what we expected.  We were very upset because they turned out to be more expensive then all the other restaurants we had checked pricing for.  However because it was now a few days before our event we couldn't go back to any of those restaurants to place an order because they all required advanced notice.  So we were stuck having to order catering through this location.What makes things worse is they do not believe in the "customer is always right" philosophy ... so they made us feel like we were making the whole thing up and did not take any accountability nor did they apologize for the fact that some of their employees don't know what they are talking about when giving customers pricing & catering information over the phone.  We confirmed pricing over the phone with them twice just to make sure we had all the numbers right before making a decision. If we were not in a desperate situation we would not have proceeded with the order.  Lesson learned and I will not be visiting this location again!!!
1	Asked for a simple substitution which every other maddness has done (some free some for charge). Not only did they refuse, girl at counter was pissy on the phone as well as pick up. Poor customer service is an understatement.
4	The food is really good.  Choice of rice I really like.  Prices are even more attractive.  Customer service is right on point.  Lot of kids work here but they are a cut above the usual young employees you find elsewhere.  These are well trained and polite and quick
5	Everything in the menu is delicious. Probably here once a week. I may have an addiction. Lol
5	I get take out from here at least once a week. Love the spicy chicken plate low carb style, always hits the spot!
5	Great food.. Great service. Friendly staff. The teriyaki bowl is superb. I usually call ahead to order and it's always done in the amount of time they tell me.
5	I moved to Las Vegas in 2001. Shortly after i discovered teriyaki madness. I can't say enough about the food it has always been great. I have been a loyal customer since. On Sunday my wife stopped on the way home to pick up food and left her brand new iPhone 6 behind. The staff found it and locked it away knowing someone would come back for it. This just reinforces my good feelings for this place. Not only do they have great food they are honest and trustworthy.
4	Patricia has redeemed my faith in this location. She was prompt and courteous on the phone. Prompt and courteous when I came in to pick-up my order. Friendly and accommodating to a modification I requested to my order, and sincere in her concern that it was correct. I have additionally returned several times now without any issues. Hope the location will keep up the good work!
5	The food was very good.I took spicy chicken plate, very recommended if you like little bit spicy food.I didn't wait more than 10 min and it was ready. Good place with health food
5	Update:I did not have a pleasant experience when trying to phone in my order. I ended up going in and the same cashier that I attempted to place an order with was the same not-so pleasant cashier. However, to turn a negative situation into a HUGE positive, the owner called me and apologized for what happened. For this reason, I am GLAD to give Teriyaki Madness 5 stars. The food is truly delicious!Their brown rice is one of my favorites! The portions are fairly large and reasonably priced. And, try an egg roll! Addictive!
