4	#1 place to buy a candle.  And on the top 10 list of places to buy a wedding/birthday/anniversary gift for folks you don't know really well.  Candle holder?  Frame?  Beaded pillows?  Decorative vase?  Oh yea.Now yea, yea, they have furniture too.  But in most Pier 1 stores the furniture is more like just pretty surfaces to display all their decorative stuff.  And I completely agree with those priorities.  It's bad enough to pay $18 for a candle, though they are yummy enough it can almost be worth it, but the furniture is generally a bit overpriced as well.  There are enough other places in town that have similar looks for less.  Their clearance goes one of two ways.  1) It's $2 less and really not that great of a deal, but they know the clearance tag will get you to look at it differently and think you're getting a bargain.  2) Really rockin bargains!  When they are changing out candle scents or shapes, it's a good time to buy.  This location isn't particularly large, but it's not exactly small either.  Not too bad at all.
3	Cute stuff but why so overpriced! This place confuses me they sell some furniture including beds...but no linens! Everything is hodgepodged everywhere with no rhythm or reason.  I agree with Kristin that they have great smelling candles, but they aren't worth the price. Most of their decorations are modern and seem to be lacking in personality. Sorry Pier One!
5	This was by far the best place to shop for our new home.  The service is incredible.  We had to do some returns/exchanges, and they could not have been more accommodating.  We visited two different pier one locations... and they were both equally great.  I like the way this company does business.
5	Went here last weekend and was very impressed. Love the smell of the store, very fall like and in with the current season! The employees are always nice which is nice! The fall items were on sale since Christmas is coming up soon which was great! Love the selection for the Christmas items. From the ornaments to the table wear and the decorations! Store is pretty big itself you can definitely spend a lot of time in there looking at everything!
