2	A friend of mine moved to New York and had me ship her computer (several boxes) to her via this UPS store. I'd used this place before with no problems. Thanks to some good ol' UPS mixups one of the boxes (the actual PC) was shipped back to Phoenix, back to New York, and back to Phoenix again, ending up back at this UPS store. Aforementioned friend was understandably mad and didn't want to have to pay to ship it again, called UPS and demanded they pay for it. UPS customer service agreed to and called the manager of this particular UPS store to confirm, but the manager proceeded to freak out, accused the corporate UPS employees of being 'fakes' and trying to rip him off, and held my friend's package hostage, saying he wouldn't ship it anywhere until somebody physically came into the store and gave him money to do it. So I went in there and took the package to FedEx instead. (Which also sucked, but not nearly as much)Maybe he had good reason. Maybe he'd been ripped off by fake corporate UPS employees before. Either way, he came off like a total nut and pissed everyone off.
2	I had the nerve to arrive a minute before 6pm hoping to have something scanned & e-mailed....nope.  The gate surrounding the middle of the store was already closed and the 2 ladies inside had no interest in my deadline, simply stated that they couldn't help me because their registers were closed.  I'll use the store on 16th street & Glendale from now on.
1	Customer Service... what's that? This place has no clue. Rude, and outright mean. They had nothing nice to say about anything or anyone in the store. I would rather drive miles out of my way than ever set foot in this place again. If you must use UPS to ship something there are many other locations that will treat you like a customer, not an annoyance. If it matters I was shipping a RMA Computer Hard Drive. The guy at the counter was rather upset that I had the nerve to ask for some tape to seal the box and attach the pre-paid label. His justification was that his store saw no profit from people using pre-paid labels that are bought online and printed out. The tape costs $3.00 a roll. That is a 200ft roll.. So the 8" that I needed set him back about $.13. His attitude forever lost him a customer. I ship things such as this 4-9 times a year. Never will another item be sent from this location.
2	They have to get the doors closed 5 minutes early.  This should be illegal.  And I would have thought that the owner would hate to hear that they do this, but today HE was was the jerk hurring me out!  Of course UPS customer service came along & totally redeemed them, I had accidentally mailed my package to an old address!  But the customer service lady went into the computer and changed the deliver to address.  I was so happy I almost cried.  Try doing that through the US Postal Service!
5	I've had a mailbox rented through this UPS store for more than a year. They have bent over backwards to accommodate my needs. I get A LOT of packages in daily and they handle my needs like Pros! Thanks guys!!
2	Good
