5	Tifani is a wonderful person to work with and her passion and dedication for the art really shows. She's very attentive and is able to jump in and offer professional suggestions. It is always a pleasure working with her. If you're looking to book a MUA that shows up, ready to work and finish a project successfully, contact Tifani.
5	Tifani is an amazing makeup artist and a blast to be around. She has done my makeup several times and, though I am a tough critic, she always makes me happy. She always has great tips on how to help me with doing my own makeup. She's always on time and is always full of enthusiasm and energy. If you're in the market for a great makeup artist, look no further.
5	I'am so glad I found Tifani!!! She is amazing!! She really came through for me after my original make-up artists fell through for my wedding date. I came to her for a trial and consultation and we just clicked! She is so friendly and just fun to be around! She did an AMAZING job on my makeup for my bridal shower and an even more AMAZING job on my bridal makeup!!! I was absolutely in love with it all!! She goes above and beyond with everything. If you are looking for a great makeup artist, seriously get in touch with Tifani. She will be my FOREVER go to girl and I know you will feel the same:)
5	It's always awesome to work with her. Make up is on point (easy editing for me) and such a fun person to be around.
5	For anyone looking for makeup and hair services, Concierge is definitely the way to go! Tifani and her team do a wonderful job. I will definitely be using them for future events also. They made me and my bridal party feel so beautiful on my wedding day last weekend. I was introduced to them through my original hair and makeup artist because she became ill a couple of weeks before my wedding. Tifani and Tyler were so prompt in getting back to me after that happened, which was great in such a stressful situation right before the wedding. I was able to schedule a trial within the next week. Any questions I had were also promptly answered either by text or email. I loved how accessible they were. I had a total of 12 girls to get ready including myself, my husband's mother, and my mother. We started at 6am and were all done by 11:15am. Tifani was so fast with her makeup and they had an amazing system for hair that I had no reason to stress the morning of. A total plus was Tifani and her team's work ethic. They made for a fun and hilarious environment the morning of. Since meeting Tifani, we totally clicked and that wasn't any different with anyone in the bridal party. They loved her and her team as well. They kept me calm with Tifani 's infectious laugh and her team's hilarious stories/jokes. I felt so at ease that morning and thoroughly enjoyed getting ready. I've been in other weddings where it was so hectic the morning of, I didn't even get the chance to enjoy getting beautified. I appreciated that Concierge had a system in getting ready so it wasn't as frantic morning. I loved the feeling of being in good hands. The other huge thing with me is details. I had sent pictures of ideas of hair and makeup that I wanted and Tifani and her team followed it to a T. So not only were they prompt, fast, and organized, but they also executed my ideas just as I had envisioned them for that day. That was very important to me because I had an exact theme I was going for. We all looked like "vintage dolls" as one of my bridesmaids put it. Another thing that solidified I would be using them again was the mere fact that Tifani was willing to go back and touch us up because the venue was on her side of town. Even though she didn't have much to touch up because her makeup was phenomenal,  she still went back and met us to touch us up for pictures between the ceremony and reception time. I will definitely be using Concierge for other events and as a matter of fact, will be booking with them for my sister's Quincenera next year. I took some of their business cards also and will be recommending their makeup and hair services to everyone!  Thanks a million Tifani, Tyler, and Natasha for making me and my bridal party feel so pretty!  You did an awesome job, I can never thank you guys enough!
5	Tiffani is amazing ! She is so professional. She has done my hair and makeup for several photoshoots. She is especially great at contouring. Not only does she makes look beautiful, I love hanging out with her whole she does my makeup. She is a pleasure to be around.
