5	So it may not be a high-end nail place,  but  the  staff is always friendly no matter how busy they are. The prices are also reasonable and you can get a basic pedicure with a calf massage and scrub for $25.  Their  Special  Deluxe.Pedicure is  $35 and $40 for a more deluxe one if your feet are super dry like mine are after wearing sandals all summer. They do get busy so it's best to make an appointment if you don't want to wait.
4	I just moved to Henderson from Los Angeles  and was looking for a clean shop where they knew what they were doing. A classmate who always has crazy, unique manicures recommended this place. I found Nick who gives amazing massages along with his impeccable manicures and pedicures. His gel mani's are the best I have ever gotten and he always does a classy job. The only downside is that this place is a bit pricey but that's because they include some extra services in the basic pedi package. Also, you can't get your mani and pedi simultaneously so be prepared to spend 3 hours in the salon. But the bottom line is I won't let anyone but Nick do my nails while I'm in the Las Vegas area. This place rocks!
4	Nice clean shop. Staff very nice not too chatty. Pedicure and manicure were  done well and not too expensive. Definitely would be a repeat customer.
4	I found this little shop when I was living near by and have never looked back. I'm really particular when it comes to my eye brows, which I'm sure everyone is, and Lin Lin (owner) always remembers me and consults me on growing them out and what not. Lin Lin and the other girls and guys at the shop always remember me and the other clients I see come in and they are overall just very attentive and genuinely nice.As far as pedicures and manicures go, they're awesome at that as well. LOVE the arm and foot massages that come with.I've moved A LOT around Vegas and I've run into some pretty rude nail salons where you just know they're blatantly talking about you and just really unprofessional, you definitely don't run into this here.
5	best nail place I've been to in this part of town! really great service here and quality work
5	This place is a dream! Reasonable prices, clean salon and extra friendly, attentive employees who truly care about doing quality work. Not once did I feel rushed or treated with anything but kindness and courtesy. Lin, my technician and salon owner, took her time to give me literally the best pedicure and fill I've ever had. Thank you Signature Nails for setting the precedent for how a nail salon should be operated! :)
5	Wow I can say I am the pickiest person when it comes to my nAils!I've gone to 5 other nail salons here in the Vegas Henderson summerlin area and Lynn never lets me down. It's a 45 minute drive from my house and it's more than worth it! She shapes them exactly the way I want with the thickness I like too. If you're gonna go anywhere I really suggest signature
5	I went in at 11 on a Sunday as a walk-in, right when they opened and was greeted and quickly helped. My nail tech was Nick, he was very gentle, quick, thorough and detailed. I don't think I've ever had a manicure so wonderful! I had a classic manicure and left only paying $23 excluding the tip. Overall; great service and great prices!
1	BE WARNED! This shop lacks fully trained technicians.  I arrived promptly at 9:30 with only polish on my nails. My manicure was an embarrassment. My left hand had cuticles pushed back and trimmed; My right hand did not even though it was soaked and lotion was applied. When I mentioned it she smiled and nodded at me but never made an attempt to completed it. It took 3 attempts of putting on gel and removing it before she finally had another tech tell her she was using the wrong UV light. I asked her not to oil my arms after paying $35 for a spray tan the day prior(she did anyways.) after walking towards the exit after paying I noticed dings, half nails missing polish and dents in my nails. I sat back down and she attempted to fix it with another coat of clear. NO COLOR. I'm furious at this point, give her a $2 tip and walk out at 11.16. It took over an hour and a half to paint my nails! 2 days later 3 nails on my left hand have snagged and ripped 2 nails on my right have done the same and overall 5 nails have gel peeling up. My first and last experience with them.
1	BE WARNED AND BEWARE!! I've been to this place 3 times and NEVER AGAIN! First, the pedicures are thorough, but I end up bleeding on the bottom of my feet every time because he does not know how to remove the callous correctly. Second, on my nails, they do a good job but it is less expensive to get a full set than a fill of pink/white! So, a full set of pink and white once a month? I don't think so... Last visit, Linh was on the phone chatting in Vietnamese when I sat down until I finally interrupted her to tell her I wanted my nails cut down 20 minutes later. She was a little pissy that I interrupted her phone conversation and drilled the side of my fingers 2 times in the next couple minutes. I got up and left with unfinished nails. This place is a disaster!  Last UNSAFE CONDITIONS! They do not use clean and sanitized tools for each person and also the pedi bowls are not sanitized for each person. This is GROSS!  LV has too many nail places.  Will NOT be back...
5	After going to appointment only people for a year or so I was looking for a convenient, clean place that took walk-ins. This place is great! There are usually at least 4-5 people working so the longest I ever have to wait is a few minutes. Great color selection. I don't have a favorite person because they all do a great job. I am super picky and will often ask them to touch up here and there. They are happy to fix anything and some of them are more of a perfectionist than I am!! I got a gel manicure yesterday then decided to clean my apartment. Needless to say I messed up one of my nails. I walked in just now and they were happy to fix it at no charge. I'll definitely be going there as long as I live anywhere nearby!
5	I'm a pretty picky person when it comes to my pedi/mani. I'm usually disappointed that my feet aren't as smooth and soft as I expected. So my friend took me to this place and I was so pleased with everything they did.  It was a relaxing and friendly environment and I was most impressed with the soft smoothness of my feet when they finished. So many salon out here can't seem to get this right, but Linh was simply wonderful!
5	I cannot say enough good things about this business. First and foremost, it appears to be very clean and the people who work her are very nice and professional. Now, onto the review of the actual services. I've been here probably five times for pedicures and it is by far the best treatment for your money. A standard pedicure is $25 and that includes polish removal, nail clean up and shaping, salt scrub, leg and foot massage, hot stone rub, hot towels, and polish. Where else can you get all of that in a clean, professional setting for $25?  Even better, I have never been rushed!  Most of my pedicures here have lasted almost an hour.  Highly recommend!
5	I loved how they give extra services without charge.  They massage my legs and my feet using hot stones.  It felt like getting pedicure and reflexology at the same time.  I am a runner and have very calloused feet.  They made my feet so soft.  It looks great as well.  I had Gel pedicure and they seriously lasted and looked good for about a month.  Love this place!
3	Ok but not great. Sub par job on my gel French manicure...not to mention the $35 price minus tip. Kind of a messy job and I feel like I could've done it myself. Overall, nice people but average job
5	I am from AZ and here for work. Needed a pedicure in a bad way.   My friend and coworker was here back in July.  She told me about signature nails and she loved them.  So I walked in with my daughters.  They were short handed that day but still took us in.   We only had a short wait. They did an awesome job on all 3 of us.   Thank you. I will come back
1	Went in there on a Sunday with four people working and two other clients in there only. Asked for a pedi and gel manicure, they had me soaking in cold water for 30 minutes without them checking on me or notifying me of a wait before I just left.
4	I've been getting my nails done here since I moved to Las Vegas almost 4 years ago, and I never go anywhere else!  They always take care of me, and greet me by name when I walk in.  The staff has changed a bit since i first started coming, but I still get great service.  Lihn has been there the longest and is super good at what she does.  I typically go to her when I'm in a rush, because she can be so fast if you need her to be!  I love getting pedi's here because they take their time, and they always throw in little extras for their loyal customers.  I've never gotten a rushed, "half-done," foot massage from them which is one thing that makes or breaks nail salons for me.  We all know the places that give subpar service, then barely rub your feet for 5 seconds, and want to call it a "massage" at the end of your pedi.  The massage is my favorite part of getting a pedicure, so if that isn't right, I won't be coming back.  That's NEVER the case here.. make sure you tip them well (as you should), and they will definitely remember you.  My favorite pedi guy, Nick, gave the best foot massage a girl could ask for (I told my boyfriend I'd be leaving him for Nick at one point LOL j/k), but sadly he no longer works there. Lihn (the one mentioned earlier) is great all around from her nail work, to her pedi's and massage.  Most recently since Nick left, Joe has been doing my pedi's and he is good as well.  Also, they have a great selection of gel colors, and some 3D nail art as well.  The gel polishes I have had done here last very well (unlike some places I have been whether it's just due to brand or a rush job; I'm not sure).**Just as a side-note (could be a "CON" for some...), if you're looking for extreme/ super flashy nails and crazy 3D nail art this may not be the place for you.  As stated above they have a great selection of gel colors and normal polish, and some art can be done, but this place is better for more conventional nails.
