4	With an aptly named title and the goods to justify the name, Gourmet pasta is a great way to spend your hard earned lunch budget.  Sprawled out behind the glass counter lies some delicious ribbons of fresh tagliatelle, stuffed aubergines, and variations of Risotto (of which I had the superb tomato and basil flavour).  Pasta to take out is usually served in a convenient plastic container and if your feeling tempted, grab a peroni or two from the fridge to swill it all down with.  Students can expect a 10% discount and tomato sauce smudged around their chops as the result of a decent lunch , lovely stuff!
4	The great thing about this place is that it's brilliantly cheap, considering the quality and variety of tasty Italian food on offer, with homemade pasta being the top marks ware for sale here, which I suppose you would maybe have an inkling about, what with the clue giving sign above the shop.When I lived in this area, and whenever I'm in the Morningside area now, I quite regularly pop in here to get a tasty pot of something authentically yummy to take away, or to eat that second for my lunch/mid-afternoon snack/brunch/whatever, seeing as I do tend to eat at random times of the day. Lasagne, canelloni, ravioli, and many other popular Italian dishes are all made and prepared for ready and thrifty take away and consumption, plus there are other high quality, Italian, deli type ingredients for sale. There are also some fantastic looking desserts, which so far I've managed to resist, but which might not be so lucky the next time.
3	I was so looking forward to trying out gourmet pasta- it seemed like such an authentic place. The guys who work here are absolutely lovely- Italian and it was great seeing some Mediterranean folk.However, with regards to the food I was quite disappointed. We got take out as my boyfriend lives almost upstairs from the place. We tried their moussaka and another dish which name I can't recall. The price on the food is per 100grams not per piece so expect to pay a bit more for a decent meal. It was lacking herbs. Granted I am spoilt with regards to Mediterranean food, having lived in Greece and Italy all my life so perhaps I am asking a bit too much for a place in Scotland- compared to other  local places this place is much more than average. Having had this little rant, I would really like to return to this place and try again, perhaps ask for the house special this time. Watch this space for an update.
4	Morningside is slowly winning me over, and Gourmet Pasta is definitely one of the reasons why. Firstly I've got to say I never expected the Italian influence to be so prominent in Edinburgh; this has to be, at the very least, the twentieth "Italiano" outfit I've come across. From the outside, it looks like any other deli and I have to say the food they stock is extremely authentic Italian...I hardly noticed an attempt to even try and seem healthy! Dried pastas and olive oils looked imported all the way from Italy, and the cold food section was brimming with pies, cold cuts, and all sorts of ready made pasta dishes. They also serve hot meals to eat-in and to the left of the food counter is a little surprise: a well hidden eating area! However, it's really quite small, and although it was empty during my visit, I wouldn't bet on getting a seat there for dinner. Pizza and pasta quite typically form the bulk of the menu. As if this wasn't enough, they even make cakes to order... not just any cakes either, but the gourmet stuff, naturally. When I took a look at the list, and I wondered if it'd be a little hedonistic to order oneself a whole Italian Blackforest Gateaux!This store, still owned by Italians of course, has been open for a mind-boggling fifteen years, and they seem to have paid homage to the Scots with a Haggis ravioli (I did a double take) which I actually recommend! I'm not a fan of haggis, but in this form, i'll take it.
4	Gourmet Pasta in Bruntsfield Place, Morningside is a fabulous Italian restaurant. Here they make their own pasta and produce authentic and tasty dishes. They produce a whole range of pastas including tagliatelle, ravioli's and lasagnas. Gourmet Pasta also make flavoured pastas such as tomato and spinach which are particularly delicious. I went to Gourmet Pasta for the first time several months ago for my lunch with my friend when we were out shopping and I ordered the lasagna which was probably the best lasagna I had ever tasted, it was truly gorgeous. My friend had the spinach ravioli which smelt delicious and she adored it. They use very fresh ingredients in their dishes and so the meals are always bursting full of flavour.  The staff in Gourmet Pasta were very warm and inviting and their service were very prompt and efficient. Gourmet Pasta now also do takeaways and home deliveries which is incredibly handy if you fancy a tasty Italian dish without having to leave your home!
