5	WTH!!!  No reviews of what quite possibly is the producer of the BEST; yes that is best with a capital B E S and T, donut shop in the VALLEY?  What?!?!  No WAY!  This place is AMAZING!  Located on Buffalo on the SW side near the intersection of Buffalo and Flamingo.  It's a hole in the wall and tiny.  Your first trip there you may drive right past it it's so tiny...HOWEVER!!! This little shop of glutenous fried dough, shuga and buttah, will forever change your life if you stop by.  Did you know that they supply the donuts to several Strip hotels like the Wynn, Bellagio, and Caesar's?  100 dozen every morning.  At least that's what the nice lady behind the counter, who reminded me of the hair netted lunchroom ladies from high school, told me.  I love cake donuts like devil's food cake, old fashions, plain, sprinkled, crumble cake, and then there are the maple bars, and apple fritters.  I got a dozen assorted and the cost was like $6???  Can't remember.  It's been since January since I was last there, but I do remember thinking the cost was so affordable that I thought the hair netted lady was flitting with me.  I think, if you're doing  8400 donuts a week to the Strip hotels, the rest is just frosting...or gravy; whatever.  You know the economics of it.  They have great donuts on the cheap because business is good.The coffee is hot and good.  On Sunday mornings people just hang out all morning shooting the breeze and reading the Sunday paper.  Non smoking, old skool decor.  Definitely not clean and shiny like one of the chains but really, do we go there to find clean bathrooms or great donuts?  Get them to go if it's not as pretty as SBUX.Chow!
5	Q: Why eat here when you have Ronald's?A: Because a lot of the time I don't feel like going to Chinatown just to grab a donut. Q: Why eat here when you have Krispy Kreme, Winchell's or Dunkin?A: Because, as much as I love all three of those places, aren't these mom and pop places always better than chains?Q: But they're not filled with grease and animal blubber though!A: Just the way I like them. Q: What are the prices like?A: $6 for a dozen. And I think Krispy Kreme is about $8 right? Better deal, for a better tasting donut.Q: Several hotels order donuts from this very shop every morning, the $6 deal is a steal, and, well, the donuts are delicious!! Why isn't this place more popular?A: Other than the fact that it's in a transient shopping plaza, I really don't know. But it's always been a secret, and a kind of fun secret at that.Q: What else should I know?A: They have a wide selection of donuts. Sometimes when I come here I take as long as 20 minutes to decide on what I want. Dining in isn't really encouraged as it's a very small place with only about 4 tables, and you probably should take it to go anyway because once you're finished eating about 4 or 5 of these things you will not want to do ANYTHING. The place doesn't get enough love, but when you think about it that's really a good thing. It's been here since at least 1998 and is still going strong 12 years later.
5	Bye bye Krispy Kreme, Dunkin Donuts say Hello to Dee's Donuts! I finally went here since I'm on the search for the best donuts. I can say that Dee's Donuts is one of them in the south west side of town. Located on Buffalo and Flamingo near Walgreens, Dee's Donuts caught my eyes. I ordered a dozen donuts and a dozen donut holes for only $9.00 which isn't bad. The donuts were soft and not over powered with sweetness like some donut places. One donut that caught my eye was the strawberry one, no I'm not talking strawberry jam but strawberry icing. I would say that this place is one of the must try donut places!
5	Haven't been able to try yet, but apparently they're closed now on Sat/Sundays. Just so you know...
3	They are open on sat and Sunday. These donuts are over rated but I did get some free donuts w my 1/2dzn order. Donuts  Seemed a little on the old side I like my donuts a little fresher and my cake donuts slightly crispy. Place isn't bad just was expecting to be WOWed
3	As a fat child, and an adult quickly heading back to fat town, I appreciate a good donut.  The word "good" is so subjective though, so let me define it in terms of a donut.Good Donut - Defined flavors, not too heavy or sweet, pleasant texture, moist interior.  Donuts here are fresh and inexpensive (90 cents/donut).  I went with the creme brulee and a chocolate frosted donut on this trip.  I loved the flavors of both of these donuts, but they were a little too sweet and rich.  A good comparison is Cold Stone Ice Cream; good flavors but way too rich.  It could be my inner Homer or Chief Wiggum speaking when I say Mmmmm, donuts.   I'll be back to explore the vast flavor lands of Dee's Donuts soon; hopefully I'll find one on the lighter side next time.
5	Donuts are fresh, not too sweet, and not oily feeling/tasting at all.
5	Tasty donuts, super fresh, great service, newspapers, tons of donuts, and few free "holes." :)  Few things to keep in mind - she usually runs out of stock around 10:30/11am, and closes right around that time, so time your craving accordingly. Early bird gets the d'nuts. She likes tossing in a few extra holes (i.e. minis) occasionally.
5	I was very happy to discover this little donut shop, located next to the newest Babystacks location.  A dozen is a little over $7, which I think is great considering that they do not charge extra for apple fritters or cinnamon rolls like big chains do.  The donuts are delicious and the lady usually throws a few free donut holes into the box for us.  I just wish that they were open all day long instead of closing at 11am.  I guess the early bird gets the worm here!
5	These are simply delicious, old fashioned donuts.  Tough to find them this good.
4	This is a solid donut shop, nothing mind blowing. It is not bad ,but not great as far as donuts go.  Service very friendly and cheer full which is nice especially in the morning to start your day.                 I had a  glazed twist, Cinnamon roll and cruller everything was good .  Solid 3 stars plus 1 star for the excellent service and the free donut holes they threw in..
5	We went to Dee's today and they were out of donuts. Sad day in my life today because of that. But it just goes to show you that yeah, they are that good.I am giving Dee's 5 stars although they are my 2nd fave donut shop in town because they are too far for me. Not my side of town anymore. But they are super friendly, tasty delicious donuts. They have this cinnamon donut that I just don't know the name of but can't find anything comparable to it anywhere else. Their cinnamon rolls are definitely not as big as my #1 donut spot but oh my, these are always so soft and cinnamony (is that a word?, i think not but you know what I mean).Their blueberry cake donut is like a little heavenly orgasm in my mouth. Sinful but so delish and tasty.I love this place and damn them for being so far away because they would probably become my number donut spot.
5	Best Donuts in town.
1	Drove all the way over here because of reviews. Closed on a Tuesday 11am.... Even though hrs indicate otherwise. Ri-fn-diculous.
5	I am from the midwest, where we take out doughnuts very seriously. Certain "pink and orange" doughnut chains, for example never caught on in my home state. Because their doughnuts are awful. As I have been raised on doughnut snobbery, I have some pretty stringent qualifications. Dee's meets them all.  The ideal doughnut is not overlooked; unless it is a kruller, it is not meant to crunch. It should be a light golden brown, not brown, unless it is chocolate. Glaze is not frosting and should not be thick. The texture of the doughnut should be fluffy, almost like pastry, or clouds. The doughnut shop should be spare, the case not over-ful. They should sell coffee, milk, orange juice and very little else, and it must be run by a sweet, wonderful and kindhearted family that cares about their customers. They should run out of doughnuts every morning. Because that's how you know yours are fresh. And that pretty much describes Dee's. Whenever I bring a dozen to work, diets are cast aside, and fasts torn asunder.
2	Items Selected:Buttermilk BarStrawberry RaisedBlueberry CakeApple FritterStepping out of Babystacks well aware that the next eight hours would be spent amidst mountains of boxes and unpacking Dee's simply proved too convenient to pass-up, a quartet of donuts for $3.54 and a "Thank you, happy holidays" our reward for a three minute visit...though in reality only one of the heavily glazed and fried treats would prove "rewarding" at all.  Apparently one in a quartet of Dee's and without anything truly 'novel' it was with little effort that I selected four of my typical favorites and aside from the surprisingly supple though admittedly artificially sweet tasting blueberry cake ring I can only assume one of two things:  #1)  The oily fritter, spongy strawberry, and crumbly, tangless buttermilk were really that mediocre, or #2)  Everything was a day old, the blueberry was so heavily glazed that it somehow had maintained its texture, and the fritter was awful either way.
