3	This salon was more expensive than other places we had tried for our wedding. We went with them because they seemed the most professional. I have to say that their hair (Tiffany) and makeup (Misty) gals did a great job.  However, we were charged a travel fee for 3 girls to come to the hotel. Only two were sent and they refused to refund any part of the travel fee.  If you use them, make sure to get all the terms in writing so they can't reneg!!!As a local, I would have gone to them again because their work was undeniably good. I do not feel that I was treated fairly, so I won't be going back there or recommending them. What a shame. Would have been a five star rating otherwise.
5	The staff at Joleon Salon does an amazing job on my color and cut every six weeks.  So when it was time for me to choose a place for bridesmaids to get their  hair and make and make up done for my special day, I chose Joleon Salon and day spa. They  did an amazing job on my hair and makeup for the bridesmaids and myself.   The Hairstylist and make up crew met us at Rainbow Gardens at 7am and their timing was perfect. By the time they finished my makeup the limo arrived:) They made sure we looked Beautiful.  Andrea was there to make sure everything was going according to schedule, and that everything was perfect. I would definitely recommend this company to all brides
5	I just got  a haircut with Veronica. She was super friendly and understood how nervous I was to get my hair cut by someone new. I have super long, Thick, naturally curly hair. I always seem to have issues  finding someone who understands how to work with my hair, but Veronica did a great job. I left with a cute and easy to manage cut. The shampoo and conditioner made my hair smell so good too!
5	Liz is amazing! Professional Attentive and Skilled! I wouldn't trust these "locks"  to anyone else!
5	needed my roots done, They were open on Sunday so I stopped in. The girl took me in as soon as she was done with an updo on a bride who I must say looked beautiful. The consultation took about 15 minutes which was nice. The girl showed me color chart and hair cuts that would look nice on my face shape. I left looking few years younger. Loved it. Strongly recomend this place.
