5	Saw this from the freeway when driving home from Phoenix recently and stopped in when we were once again passing through.It's a new style QuikTrip, can't beat that! It's like regular QuikTrip but even better. They have even more food choices including made to order smoothies, frozen yogurt and ice cream.The bathrooms are super clean. The store is super clean. Everyone is friendly. I'm not sure if the area surrounding it is still considered a bit sketchy, it was when I was growing up, but this QuikTrip was great.
2	I go to this QT when I go to pick up something at the mall because it is on the way out.  It is a nice layout, newer format.  I wish the iced teas and soda were on the same side instead of separated. They rotate which hot dog is 99 cents. I got tricked one time and when I checked out, the guy said that they JUST changed the hot dog on sale. Instead of letting me get it since it had just changed prices, he said he could not charge 99 cents for my non sale hot dog. So I left it at the counter, he threw it away, and I got the 99 cent one. This was a bad experience that day because the guy wasted a product and instead of making the customer (a very regular QT customer) happy so I would return and be a satisfied customer that day, he chose to waste $1.29 completely by throwing it out instead of just "losing" 30 cents by giving me the 99 cent price that had just changed recently.  I found that to be odd rationalization and decision making by a QT employee.  Quite unexpected.  He also wasn't very nice or friendly, but more argumentative than understanding.I now go to the QT on Thunderbird instead because of this poor experience.  Yes, one experience can cause a lasting effect. Employees there should be aware of this.
5	OKSo we were undecided on diner and Hot-dogs were on the tips of all bodies were in, so I suggested QT because of there AWESOME Grilled Section and Endless Condiment Choices. So we pop in just before 5pm. Prepare 9 Hot-dogs and "Sausage", which after the first try, discovered it is "Jacksonville Style Brat" that all specialty dogs were ( 2 for 2) Score.Grabbed 4 drinks and napkins, and proceeded out to picnic table and chairs, because there is now a Raising Canes and a new Buffalo Wild Wings, has enough traffic to kick back with Lawn Chairs and cold sodas and "Watch the Show"RIDICULOUSNESS AT ITS FINEST
4	This is a nice QT. It's right next to where I work so that's a plus. It's very large, clean and the staff is friendly and efficient.
2	The great thing about this QT is the location, the cleanliness, and that's about where the positives stop....though those are huge positives. The thing that really drags the ratings down for this location in my book is the poor customer service by not all of the employees, but at least one. Seems like a wanna be former Marine or something, but I know the Marines wouldn't have him. This guy is a piece of work. Shopping at various QT's around the valley it is obvious that they all go through the same school of training. I have grown accustomed to the lack of eye contact, the direct to the point, impersonable nature of the staff at these stores. Not the greatest customer service in my opinion, but it's professional and consistent across the different locations. This guy was different. He carried a cockiness to him that I did not quite understand.Snatched the cash from my hand and laid it down on the counter. Shady characters lurk outside, but that is expected considering the location. Maybe this had to do with the employee's frustrations that night. Or it could have been the night shift? Anyhow, GET YOUR PEOPLE IN LINE, QT. Please.
