4	Ordered the Philly Cheese steak.  The meat seemed to be of high quality, but there wasn't a flavor explosion in my mouth.  I'm thinking they may have missed seasoning in it.  Sweet potato fries...YUM!  My wife liked her 3 cheese Mac and Cheese and the grilled chicken wedge her friend got was good too. The staff were VERY attentive and friendly.
2	I was not impressed.  The atmosphere is alright, but nothing special. The service was alright, and our waitress seemed to be a little off.  She was unsure on what came with different entrees.  The pricing seems a little high for the area too.  I had Lobster Mac N Cheese and it was pretty good. I felt that there are other places I could have paid the same price and enjoyed myself more.
5	Great open faced NY strip sandwich.  The homemade chips were especially impressive!
2	I picked up my little local neighborhood paper and read a great review on this place.  Since, I am a foody and prefer to spend my money in a locally ran restaurant I choose to not make my crab and shrimp capelini, which I had planned on the day before and postpone it till the next night. We arrive and were greeted by a young high school boy who sat us at a table near the window.  The food seemed diversed and had something for everyone on it.  The waitress tells us that they have only been open for 2 months.  I'm  thinking cool....I choose the 13 north blue burger and a house mojito.  When the burger arrives it was insane and awesome - when the mojito arrives it was truly the nastiest tasting mojito I have ever graced my lips on.  It tasted like soda water with a little ick.  I was looking forward to the taste of rum, sugar mint and the combination of sweetness, refreshing citrus and mint flavors, intended to complement the potent kick of the rum.  I walked it back to the bar because the waitress was texting on her smart phone and did not come back to check on us.  When it returned (supposedly) new and improved it tasted more of the same.  I told the waitress I would pass on the drink all together and move on to my lemon water and amazing burger. I take a bite and try to move on and realize that "Oh, well, maybe I wasn't supposed have to drink tonight"  When all the sudden me and I my companion here loudly the bartender say, " I am not making him another mojito, I know my mojito's rock and are always fucking amazing"; screaming  loud and echoing off the walls of this small little place that was almost empty.  I called the manager over and even though he comp our entire dinner he handled me and my guest like a used car sales person, wheeling and dealing with me to forgive his "Bitching Bartender" for her explosive and reactive outburst. As a person who knows excellent customer service you don't make excuses for your employees who scream cuzz words across the restaurant so everyone can hear them. To say the least we won't be back.  Now, on a good note:  The food we did have was very, very good, however its not hard to make a good burger.  My challenge to you would be to plop down at the bar and have hissy fit drama queen, "Bitchy Bartender" make you one of her "Always fucking rocking perfect mojito's".  And, if you don't like it send it back and watch her react and tell you that you are wrong and she is always right.  It's very interesting.Steve:  If you believe this is the kind of person you want to work for you, then I am almost 100% sure your doors will be closed with the next 10 months.  Good luck 13 North Grille - you lost my vote and dollars!
4	Basic American-style food done well - sounds easy but how often do I actually find that?  I do at Thirteenorth (yes it's one word, not too).  In the last two months since the opening I've probably been there a dozen or more times (it's close, good, reasonably priced).  Everything is fresh made and I've enjoyed eery meal.  Consistency goes a long way for me.The burgers are outstanding - and apparently it CAN be hard to make a good burger because I don't find them many places.  The cheesy version is a bit over the top with cheese for my personal taste, so I go for the plain and simple beef/lettuce/onion.  Mmmm.Other favorites of mine are:  salmon flat bread, lobster mac & cheese, sweet potato fries, ahi appetizer or salad, creme brule, cheesecake.   The French dip was fine but not fabulous, as was the pan fried walleye.  I've had great service every time I've been there.  I do eat at the bar most times so I'm less familiar with the table service.  the staff has been pleasant, quick, and courteous.  One night I pulled in around 9:55 after seeing Brophy H.S.'s production of Hairspray - I was famished because I'd missed lunch and dinner and was desperate for food - the kitchen was closed and the chef was socializing at the bar - but he went back and made me a burger and fires anyway.  How many places would do that for a customer?The atmosphere is little cold and industrial, with busy Northern Ave and the ugly apartments across the street in full view - ugh.  Good thing everything else makes me not care.
4	Awesome!
5	Delicious! A great place to either chill at the bar and catch a game or sit down at the tables for a more formal experience. A great selection of wines and beers to choose from coupled with an inviting atmosphere makes it a great place to enjoy. I order the Calamari every time I'm there, it comes with two great dipping sauces, the red sauce being my favorite! When I find a great dish I'm the type of person who re-orders it on every visit. At first I did that with the Del Monaco Steak, it has such a great flavor and is always cooked to perfection. Combine the mashed potatoes and fresh veggies my belly is always satisfied. However I've gone out of my box the last few times and have ventured onto other entree's and I haven't been disappointed yet!  The Lobster mac and cheese is to die for! Perfect combo of cheese mixed together! I've also had the Shrimp Scampi, normally I prefer something with a little more "meat" to the dish. But it came out with the perfect amount of Shrimp and a great wine sauce, I'm afraid of too much garlic but this was perfect. If I was a big drinker I'd spend more time at the bar, not only do I enjoy the different types of beers but the bar staff is great too. Check out my boy Wayne! Every time I've been there I've seen one of the owners, usually Chase. Not only a great guy but he knows who I am and always makes an effort to stop and say hey! That's the kind of service you don't usually get and makes me want to keep coming in. Keep it up guys!
5	We have been to ThirteeNorth a few times now and have wanted to wait until writing this review, just to make sure we were accurate.  Well, we were!  This place is just what the North Central area has needed for a very long time.  The food and service are exactly what you would expect from a restaurant.  You are greeted right when you walk through the front door (usually they open the door for you) and you are promptly given a table or a bar seat (if you are lucky enough to be there at the right time).  Your beverage order is taken immediately and the dinner and specials menu is to die for.We have had the Steak Wrap; Delmonico Steak; Prime Rib Sandwich plus various appetizers and salads and all have been fabulous!We are people that love to dine at the bar so that we can people watch and have conversations with others.  The bar staff are some of the best that we have seen in years.   The young lady with the long dark hair knows how to serve a drink.  She knows how to make whatever you want and always serves it with a smile on her face.  The owners are eager to learn what you like and don't like.I believe that ThirteeNorth will be around the North Central area for quite some time and I am very happy about that.
4	So, this is owned by the guy who owns Stumpy's down the block, and I want it to succeed, because I think he's a good dude who always greets customers and seems genuinely concerned about all of us.I dropped in for Happy Hour one Friday evening (which ends at 6pm, btw) and the crowd was mostly people in their mid 40's-50's out for Friday night to kick off the weekend. The bartenders were friendly and they were busy. I had some cold draft beers and the salmon flatbread, which I thought was great. Anything with capers and horseradish on a pizza crust (and it's the same crust as at Stumpy's which I do enjoy) I'm all in and not only did it taste great, it looked appetizing. Everyone else at the bar was eyeing my grub but I told them to get their own.Thirteen North is walking distance from my place, so I'll likely be a regular, even though the crowd is 10-15 years older than I am. I love to support a local business that cares about its customers.
4	The only reason I have given this restaurant 4 stars instead of 5 is because I have only been fortunate to stop in for dinner once. Service was great and friendly, the food was perfectly portioned and timely and GREAT! The prices are reasonable as well. The owner was there and stopped by our table to chat. The atmosphere the staff and owner created was warm and welcoming. I tried the fillet on the specials menu and was not disappointed! It was cooked to perfection and the accompanying veggies were fresh and delish! We can't wait to get back there and try more of what's on the menu. Everything looked good.
4	I went to Thirteen North on Saturday, June 6th with three other people in the party.  We called ahead to see if we needed to make a reservation, and we didn't.When we arrived, we were greeted by a young, but friendly hostess.  She lead us out to the patio and let us configure our table however we liked, which was nice.The patio was well lit, with nice greenery, and faces Northern Avenue.  The noise level was less than what I expected, and I liked the ambiance.  It was actually kind of nice to watch all the activity on the street.Our server came over right away to drop off waters, and provided us with menus and a wine list.  He also asked if we saw the specials on the board, of which there were about 6, and asked if we needed to hear them again. I really appreciated the wine list.  It was short, and very accessible, with nothing over $50, as I recall.  Most notably, they had Erath, an Oregon Pinot Noir, and my favorite.  I also believe that all the wines are available by the glass, as well as the bottle, which is nice.  One of my dinner partners ordered the house red, which was really delish, and a bargain!I ordered the 7 oz Gorgonzola crusted filet with mashed potato (which was on special), others ordered the stuffed sole, New York Strip, and the lobster mac and cheese.  I was really pleased by my dish.  I also enjoyed a bite of the stuffed sole, served with orzo.  I'm not one who would order fish, but I would consider ordering this dish next time.The lobster mac and cheese was also very tasty.  Sometimes, I find Mac and Cheese to be too rich, or overpowering, or downright glopy and unappetizing, but this dish had the right balance, and you really got to enjoy the lobster as well.  My dish was perfect!  Cooked well, served beautifully, and portioned properly.The service was excellent, and as mentioned in other reviews, a manager came over to see how we were doing.  I was very happy with the service.  It was attentive, friendly and informative, without being overkill.  (Sometimes, I feel that there can be too much service, and I feel like I am taking my SAT's / being stalked.)  I felt very welcome.Overall, I was really happy to find this local gem.  I guess as a final note of approval, I will take my mother here when she visits from out of state.   I agree with poster Jen H., that I will update Thirteen North tot 5 stars after I go there a few more times, which I plan to as soon as possible.
5	I don't normally write reviews. (I know I am a terrible person!!!) I got the Thirteen North menu in my mailbox and was dying to try the chicken ceasar wrap. I had one years ago that was outstanding and I've been looking for one just as good. Well after weeks of driving by but opting for one of my regular eat-out spots I went into Thirteen North with my mom and we decided to get a few different things and split all of it. We ordered the shrimp scampi and of course the wrap. I LOVED EVERYTHING. The pasta was light and full of flavor. Just the right amount of everything. My mom also had a long island that she raves about. The next day we decided to go again and try some different things. We brought along a few more people. The Prime Dip sandwich was out of this world. The soup of the day was great and our service was top notch.I consider myself to be an eat out guru. I love this area and I've been to all the great spots. Thirteen North is my new favorite place. I am writing this review to make it completely clear how great they are. I want them to succeed and stay open forever (selfishly so I can keep eating there). I've been telling everyone I know about Thirteen North and will continue to do so. GO THERE! You will not be disappointed.
4	The perfect sesame crusted tuna on my salad and a French Manhattan (a Manhattan with some Chambord mixed in) that will keep me coming back for more! Fair prices as it is but if you want to save some dough, keep an eye out for 20% off coupons in North Central News and specials on the 13th of each month!
5	I'm a cheap bastard with expensive tastes.  So my reviews are geared toward getting somewhat "foody" dishes at what i consider reasonable prices.With that said, Thirteen North gets one of my very rare 5 star reviews.I only dined there once, for lunch.  It's set in a strip mall, and easy to drive by without noticing.  But inside, it's very nicely decorated for a great lunch or dinner place.  Relatively modern, clean, welcoming.We ordered the chips with crab dip ($7).  Easily enough for 2-3 to share as an appetizer.  It was terrific, with freshly fried chips heavily seasoned with something zesty, similar to Old Bay seasoning, with a nice portion of crab dip.  Felt it was an outstanding value, and we cleaned the platter.I next had their 13 North Burger ($10), cooked well done.  It was a healthy sized burger, cooked perfectly, with a nice bun.  The blue cheese really popped and gave it a terrific flavor, and the mounds of perfectly grilled onions complimented it nicely.  I was stuffed.The french fries that came with it were fair, neither outstanding nor bad.  My lunch companion ordered sweet potato fries that came with a sweet chili sauce, which was a surprisingly good compliment.Three daily specials for lunch all sounded great and were a very reasonable $8.Look, when you can get away with $30 for two for a two course lunch and are nicely full and feel the food was upscale, I consider that a great value.  I will be back for lunch, and probably also for a casual dinner.If I lived around here, this would definitely be a neighborhood gem, and on a short list of reasonably priced lunch or dinner rotations.Give it a try.
5	I drive by this restaurant everyday on my way to work and one day after getting a nice bonus on my check I decided to treat myself and my roomate to a nice dinner and drinks. First of all I was very suprised about how good the martinis were. I am a martini snob and it is very difficult to get a great martini here (Arizona), although the actual menu of martinis was small they were delicious and I had  2 differing ones. They both were great!!!!  The sweet potatoe fries were delicious so so good! I had the french dip sandwich wich was delicious and my friend I believe had a burger which he was very satisfied with, all in all I love supporting a local business and one that makes creme brulee, french dips and martinis this good has got to stick around!!!! I most def will be back!!!
2	Eh...it was ok. When we first arrived it was during lunch time and there were a bunch of "suits" eating lunch. That seemed like a good sign since we had more than $20 for lunch and these guys looked like they did too. After looking over the menu, nothing seemed out-of-the-box. Seemed pretty standard fare. Mind you, they all looked tasty. We ordered the salmon flat bread (which was LOADED with creme fresh, making the dish glucky). Also, the sliders with sweet potato fries and chili dip (fries seemed generic and I swear they buy their chili sauce at Safeway). Lastly, the spinach salad (pretty good sized salad & tasted good too). But, the ultimate part of the meal, which really ruined my desire for ever going back there, had to do with a glass of Stella Artois. The waitress asked which size we wanted - 16oz or 22oz. We asked for the 22oz size. She brought it out in a regular glass. Apparently, this type of beer comes in a very specific glass. I didn't know this, but my husband did. To my embarrassment, he asked for the correct glass for his beer. She explained that she had noticed the incorrect glass but didn't think they had the correct size of glass needed for the 22oz size. Since my husband and I were going to share the beer, we told her to bring out the correct glass and we would just pour the beer into the correct glass and leave the remaining in the current glass that I would then drink. She said that she would take care of it and took the beer back to the bar. This time she returned with an actual Stella Artois glass of beer.  She explained that she "didn't think the beer would have fit, but it did! Yay!" (Her words) Because this seemed jenky, we double checked to make sure she had filled the glass with the 22oz that we had asked for. She said "absolutely, yes, yes". But, my husband and I weren't buying it. Awesomely, on the glass, it shows a measurement of where you are to fill the beer  - 40cl. We checked on Google to see what a conversion would be into ounces. Turns out 40cl is not 22oz, instead it is 16oz. We called this to her attention and she said "oh yeah, i was gonna change the price to the 16oz size." What? Did you not hear our order? Did you not confirm 5 minutes earlier that it was a 22oz?  Super shady. Often times I think our tattoos give off the impression that we are trashy and somehow have never been to a restaurant before or (in this case) can't do math. Which is kind of what I felt happened here. So, with the waitress and the beer situation coupled with a lackluster array of food... I wont be headed back. Although the aloof homeless man who runs the restaurant did come out and asked how we were. Cherry on the cake for me!Not one of our better lunches.
5	Last Night, I had less then one hour to relax before Working a Late Shift.   I called into the Restaurant and A Owner/Manager (most likely) was very nice reassuring me that He could have me in and out quickly.    I sat at the Bar and introduced myself.  He made sure that I was taken care of by both the Bartender .   I enjoyed 2 Vodka & Cranberry's.   Although, The Dinner Specials looked incredible, I ordered the Open-faced N.Y Strip Sandwich -  7oz with Swiss Cheese, Grilled Onions, Tomato and mixed Greens on French Bread w/ Dill Pickle Spear $12.00  which would be my 11PM Dinner.  The Steak was a True New York Strip and nice size portion.  It was cooked perfectly Medium rare.  I requested it without the house-made Chipotle Mayo or Habanero Mayo .   The French Fries were also great which I ate immediately before Work.  I will definately visit again.   Also, If you need a delicious Meal ToGo this Steak Sandwich far exceeds a Fast Food Combo for a few bucks more.   You may want to order it for a Romantic Picnic Meal just ask them to Cut the Sandwich in 1/4's or 1/2's. John Phoenix, AZ
4	Coincidentally I came here on the 13th of August and they have awesome specials on the 13th (due to name 13 North)...I think the special was: buy any glass of wine and get one for 13 cents (or something similar to that). Anyway I had the large house salad with ahi tuna added on top; it was AWESOME! They do their tuna very well here! It is covered in tons of sesame seeds and lightly seared to perfection! I had the balsamic dressing with it and the salad was fabulous! I should also note they use GOOD Parmesan cheese that is shaved right from the block, YUMMY! Our bartenders were very attentive (we sat at the bar). One of them could tell I was a hungry mungry, after I devoured half of the salad in about 5 minutes, so she brought me out a fresh basket of bread to have with my salad , so two thumbs up for service. I have come here a few times since then and I would love to report on other menu items, but I just can't get passed the delicious sesame seed crusted ahi tuna salad! But, I can say all the other entrees I have seen look very tasty as well.
4	Really enjoyed my meal plus they gave wonderful suggestions for wine.  All was wonderful plus great personal service.
3	I really wanted to love this place. It's a local business, everything that I want to spend my dollars supporting. I came in with a groupon certificate. I like the low lighting and the atmosphere however, the noise level is pretty high and that detracts from the atmosphere. While carpeting the place would solve the problem, the floor in there is SO awesome that while it contributes to the noise level, it is too cool to cover with carpet....so I guess we'll have to live with the noise.I can't fault the service one bit, our server was wonderful and very attentive. The food however was a bit disappointing. It wasn't bad but I guess I had really high expectations that unfortunately weren't met. I had a New York steak that was a bit on the dry and tough side. It wasn't the worst steak I'd had by a long shot, but it failed to impress. The best thing about my meal were the sides. My mixed greens were great and the garlic mashed potatoes were the highlight of my main.This place has promise and while I wouldn't necessarily make it a point to return, I would really like to see places like this succeed.The service was definitely first rate and the overall enthusiasm of the staff is apparent when you walk in the door. If I find out that they've improved their mains a bit, I can definitely see myself coming back again.
4	My husband and I have eaten here multiple times and I've taken several friends here for lunch.  It's been excellent every time and the service is always friendly and informative.  I guess it's not perfect judging from some other reviews, but you just can't please everyone every time.  It's great neighborhood spot.
5	I stopped by for lunch today and was extremely satisfied with the food, service and overall atmosphere.  The restaurant is spacious, yet has the right amount of tables to provide an intimate feel.  The lights are dimmed even during the day.I was seated immediately and the waitress provided me with a listing of happy hour specials.  Most of the specials cost $5 with exception of the seared ahi tuna.I had a $25 dine in credit so I ordered quite a bit of food since I was alone.  I started out with a pasta dish with sirloin tips in a creamy wine sauce.  It was simply amazing.  It came with a cup of New England clam chowder and bread; both excellent.I still had some funds available so I tried the ten chicken wings.  I must say that these wings may have been the best wings that I have ever eaten.....and I have some experience eating wings!  Next I had the seared ahi tuna.  It came with a soy dipping sauce, a wasabi cream sauce and ginger.  I did enjoy.  The ahi was cut and seared correctly and the sauce was a unique compliment.Overall, Thirteen North was my finest dining experience in at least five years in Phoenix.The prices are reasonable, service is excellent and the ambience works.Give it a try!
5	New favorite joint!  Great food and service!  Nice wine and beer selection too.  Angila the bartender is terrific!  Go check it out.  You will not be disappointed!
4	I usually prefer more "plain" kinds of restaurants and don't visit places like this too often.  This is a bar and grill of the fancier sort, with more specialized kinds of foods.  Usually, when I see "pastas" on a menu, I tend to think that they'll serve a few different kinds of noodles/gnocchi/stuffed pastas with a selection of sauces.  Here, you only get a few selections like three cheese mac and cheese, basil and chicken linguine, or shrimp scampi.  The menu's range is not broad, but they still offer an interesting selection.For those a bit more cost-conscious, there is a "happy hour" menu where you can select things like wings, fish tacos, or chips with dip for only $5 at a certain time during the early evening.  There are also deals to be found elsewhere, and one special being offered the night we were there was an 8 oz. steak with fries and veggies for only $9.  My wife and I both opted for this with a soda, and we ended up with a total bill under $25 with drinks and tax.  Nice, and the steak had a good flavor.  We left full and satisfied for fewer $$$ than most places would have asked for.My wife and I liked Thirteen North, and will return again.  I've got my eyes on the fish and chips for the next time. . .
4	Thirteen North opened up somewhat recently and after hearing all the rant and rave about it - from both family and foe - I decided to take up on an offer to meet up with mum for an early dinner, around 5 - 6 p.m.Place wasn't hugely busy, and we were seated immediately. We ordered drinks, and they arrived shortly. Our waitress was pleasant, and asked us for our order - splitting a wedge salad and an appetizer order of calamari. The food didn't take that long at all to come out - it came out at the same time, kudos. I like wedge salads - maybe because it combines my favorite things - the appearance of being healthy, but stealthily hiding bacon and bleu cheese under carrots and red onions. It fools me in to believing I have made an excellent choice.Which, by the way, was completely the case here! Their wedge salad is excellent! I did have to carve through the half of iceburg and carefully maneuver it on to mum's plate but I daresay it was worth it. I got most of the bacon, anyway.The calamari was crispy without being overcooked. Nobody likes rubbery calamari - it's like chewing on tires. This was completely non-Firestone-esque. I liked the marinara it came with - it had a nice spiciness without overpowering the tomato.We were celebrating, so mum ordered a creme brulee (hooray for declaring majors!), which was pretty much awesome. I let her eat most of it. (I had gotten the bacon, after all....) All in all, I'll be back again. Good service. Good food. Pleasant atmosphere. Non-chaotic parking lot. No wailing waittresses or bartenders. Their wedge is awesome.
4	I love this local eatery and will always support the local guys over big box chains!  I have not had a bad experience here and have loved the food every time.  My only comment would be that they could add another vegetarian or pescatarian (fish) option or two.  I am a huge fan of the vegetarian wrap and the fish and chips (fish and chips not on the regular menu, but the specials occasionally).The crab cakes are to die for as well as the bruchetta.  Will frequent this place again and again.
5	$5 burgers on the weekends (11am-5pm I believe). Great burgers. Also have the no cost option of chicken boob or turkey burger (which was surprisingly juicy), different flavored mayos, and fry options. I have only been there for the burgers so far, so that is all I can comment on. Service has always been good. I hope more people start taking advantage of the burger special to keep it going!
4	Our large family came on Mother's Day.  We felt really at home, not rushed as you can be on a Mother's Day.  The service was above and beyond what was necessary.  The food was good too!  I'll be back.
3	It was just ok. We went here on Saturday night for the first time, I drive past it every day on my way to and from work and wanted to finally try it out. It was fairly quiet in there and there were a bunch of wait staff just standing around at the edge of the bar. Our waitress was....odd. She didn't seem very happy to serve us. Asked us weird questions and then would just stand there and stair us down. When my husbands steak came out, he asked for steak sauce and she acted HIGHLY offended. Like seriously. I got the egg plant parm and the eggplant was rather tough. We got the house made chips with crab dip. The chips were RAD the dip however, was left almost untouched, it was sooo not good. If they switched the dip up to something else or heck did something like Corbin's does they would have a great app on their hands! Would we go back? If someone invited us and that's where they wanted to go, then yes...but to pick a place on our own and want to go there...no not really.
5	We stumbled across Thirteen North having gone to the predecessor high end Italian restaurant they took over a couple of times - and were curious to see what replaced it.  We have been going back ever since, typically once a week and sometimes more frequently.  The food is always consistent, and sometimes the Chef specials are down right spectacular.  Cocktails a wonderful bargain, aside from their promotional specials on their namesake day of the month.Perhaps the most enjoyable aspect of the dining experience beyond the food (which is reason enough) is the commraradie among the patrons and the friendliness of the staff. We prefer the bar for maximum impact on both fronts.  You feel that the the owners and their staff all genuinely enjoy working there, and they make the guests feel very at home.Bill and Bob,Phoenix
3	Armed with a $30 Local Dines gift certificate ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ), I went here last night for dinner with a party of 4.  It was the 13th of the month which is the day of the month when they have extra super deals on certain things.  For example a few entrees were $13 and your second bottle of wine is 13 cents.  It was pretty busy and loud but we were seated right away and our waitress was fast and friendly.  Food was also delivered relatively quickly.All the other tables around us were offered bread to start but we weren't asked and none was given to us which ticked me off.  We ordered a bottle of wine and a 2nd because, hey it's only 13 cents.  Then, for an appetizer we shared the calamari.  It was very good and perfect to share even though I could have eaten it all myself.  I loved the spicy sauce stuff.  I ordered the wedge salad for myself and it was not very good.  Well, it could have been very good had the thing not been warm.  They must of had the lettuce and other toppings out of the fridge for a few hours.  Bummer.  For my main entree I ordered the burger and it was excellent.  I loved the toppings and the burger itself was cooked perfectly.  I ordered the plain fries and they were just ok.  Nothing special.  I should have ordered the sweet potato fries or chips instead.The only thing that seriously pissed me off was that our waitress refused to honor my gift certificate.  I was going to start a fight, but I was with friends and didn't want to be rude.  Instead I'm taking to Yelp to vent my frustrations.  Anyway, I sort of understand why I cannot use a coupon for happy hour stuff or a 13 cent bottle of wine.  What I don't understand is why I can't use my gift certificate for the other 80% of the bill which came from full price items?I've purchased about 20 gift certificates over the years from Local Dines ( http://bit.ly/dfR4eQ ) and this was the only place to give me a problem.  So, while I do highly recommend getting one, be prepared for a fight.All-in-all it was a good meal and a solid neighborhood spot.  If I lived closer I might give it another shot, but the food and service aren't good enough for me to make the 15 minute drive.
5	Had a great happy hour food was great and staff.
4	Great food, good service.  Always a great stop for a bite to eat.
2	We were here on a late Saturday afternoon.  We ended up sitting right near where the bored servers hang out,  We cared.  They didn't.  It was really irritating because it was already hard to hear in the restaurant.  I think the high ceiling must make voices carry...Our appetizer was the house made potato chips with crab dip.  It was weird.  They would have been ok seperately but they just do not go together at all.   The $5 burger was fine.I live pretty close, so I wanted to like it.  But it was just a weird experience.  Maybe it was just an early Saturday night thing - but it looked like a elderly HH hot spot at the bar.
4	If the food is as good as the service then I'm gonna love this place. We sat at the high tables in the bar and Terry brought it!
5	We went to Thirteen North today. I tried the fish tacos- Delish!!! Crispy tilapia - It was so good. Came with 2 different salsas. My husband had the $5 burger- It wasn't a premade burger patty. Looked fresh and I think it was 1/2 pound. The burger and fries was a great deal! We also shared the brownie dessert. Everything was tasty and the waitress- Kara? was on my Ice Tea refills. We will be going back!!!
5	I went in for the $5 burgers today, the blonde server gave us awesome service, i was very pleased all around
5	What a great local spot! Have been here several times and have never been disappointed. Took a good friend here from out of town a few weeks ago and he still goes on how great the burger was and how awesome the prices are!  Make a visit you won't be disappointed!  Waiter also told me that the patio is dog friendly,which I will try when the weather gets better.
4	Had one of the specials for the day: Pepperoni mushroom mac n cheese. Terrific!I have to mention that the server was great!  There were 6 of us and even after we paid, and stayed and stayed chatting... she actually filled up our waters again!  I know that if the place was crowded, she couldn't have done that, but it's been many years since a server gave me refills after we had paid the tab.  Servers usually act as if we were invisible, even after our 20% tipping and the place isn't busy.  So I give 13 North great credit for that!  Everyone else had the turkey burgers and they all loved loved them!
4	My mother-in-law invited me out to Thirteen North a while ago for happy hour when my husband was out of town.  Northern is a little bit farther than I normally like to go for happy hour but I made an exception.  I was so glad I did.First, the place was packed.  Second, their food was wonderful.  I specifically remember the mozzarella and tomato bruschetta.  I'm not a huge fan of tomatoes but I liked this bruschetta.  Our waitress was really helpful and attentive even though the place was packed.  The thing I do remember is that on that day - the 13th of the month -  they had a crazy special.  You buy a bottle of something and get a second bottle for 13 cents.  That's right.  Thirteen CENTS.  And our waitress let us take the second bottle home after we had opened it.  I hope this special is still running because I'm dying to go back.
4	This place has been open for almost two years and my husband and I have finally dinned here! This place used to be an Italian spot that shut down and was quickly replaced by Thirteenth North. It's close to home but for some reason we kept passing it up. What a mistake!I was starving the other night and wanted to eat somewhere close, so my husband suggested we finally give this a try. The parking lot is rather small and appeared to be packed, but luckily we found a spot. There's some nice patio dining out front (albeit a bit small) and the inside is on the small side too. However, this place was packed! The bar was full and there were only a few tables unoccupied. Everyone seemed to be in a good mood too. Our hostess was quick to seat us and it seemed forever for our waitress to make an appearance, but when she did she automatically brought us waters. We were ready to order by then and once we ordered our salads appeared almost immediately. They were house salads, but I got mine with blue cheese and my husband picked Ranch. Both of us really liked the salads! They were rather large with fresh ingredients that included tomatoes, cucumbers, and had large parmesan slices. Yum! Shortly after we finished our salads, our meals came. I ordered the ribeye with mashed potatoes and my husband chose the filet. The mashed potatoes and vegetables were delicious. I really enjoyed the mashed potatoes - they had scallions and cheese. I normally don't enjoy them that much at restaurants but I brought my left overs home for dinner the next night - they were that good! Unfortunately, the ribeye was a letdown. Sure it was 14oz and covered the plate, but it was really thin and extremely fatty. I've had ribeyes at other restaurants where the steak is the same 14oz, but it is much thicker. I really prefer the thicker cut, even if it appears to be a smaller portion.  However, my husband's filet was really good. It was thick and juicy. The seasoning on both steaks were good, but needed a little salt. We'll definitely be back to try some of the other menu offerings.
4	This place is Forkin great! Extream Chil atmosphere. Very laid back cool vibe! You don't even realize that your in a store front/strip mall. Chef & owner operated, I believe by the same folks that own Stumpies. All fres!, All tasty!! basically.... It's All Good!!! Just a bit pricey, if your not use to real food made by real Chefs, but I don't think you'll be upset paying your bill. Shop smart, take a friend and remember to share, portions are generous. I had a prim rib beef sandwhich, w/some great aujus, got a side of garlic aioli....50cent more, came with lots of choices, nice big plate of food w/salad like $10BUCKS Great wine & beer selection and on the thirteenth of every month, by on galss of wine get the second for just .13CENTS!
2	Great atmosphere, even better service. The food, however was terrible. I had the open face steak sandwich which I didn't eat because it was so fatty it wasn't edible. Because it is locally owned, I would like to say I would be back,  but that would probably be a lie. There are too many locally establishments in Phoenix to return to one with mediocre food.
3	I think I have too many old ghosts to exorcise when I enter the restaurant now known as Thirteen North.  Too many years of the angry owners of Allegro yelling at me, I guess.  Then, the whole Marcellino transition showed me you really can reopen an Italian restaurant with just a little paint and a furniture overhaul.  For some reason, I thought the current reincarnation, Thirteen North, would have finally blown up the old concrete bar,  and alleyway-to-kitchens-and-bathrooms layout.  As you may have guessed, once again, the Allegro horror flashed before my eyes!Now, in fairness, I really cannot complain about my experience.  I had a Local Dines $30 voucher, which I spent by enjoying a glass of Hahn Syrah, ahi tuna appetizer, and blackened shrimp Caesar Salad.  Service was polite, I sat at the bar.  Just not sure about the ambience.  What little life that was present was the (apparent) owner, enjoying what appeared to be a lengthy happy hour w/his posse.  Otherwise, the dining room was a morgue.  To his credit, even though his restaurant really looked like it needed some business, he seemed quite happy with his enterprise.
5	Love this place. Me and my husband go there alot and is definately a favourite local.  Great food, great prices and we love Terri the Bartender.  She makes the best Margaritas in town.
5	I had the New York Strip Friday, 3-23, and it was GREAT!!. The sauce and mushrooms were excellent with the steak. I thought I would try it again Saturday and the Asian Chicken was delicious! The Red Velvet Cake was soooo good! The staff are friendly and professional. I like this place and would recommend it to family.
2	I have always enjoyed myself when I have come here and in fact have taken friends here, Their food was delicious and their martinis were very good, However I was surprised by the customer service on this visit, When we sat down we asked about the 12.00 to 5.00 special in regards to $5.00 burgers. We were about 15 minutes late, The waitress said it was no problem and we proceeded with the order.     The waitress then came back after about 5 minutes and proceeded to tell us we needed to order a drink with our meal. Which was fine, so we got some beverages. The waitress came back again to tell us that we could not get the deal and we would have to pay full price. After I complained the manager gave us a couple dollars off but I feel that it was not enough and we should have received the deal.     I did not complain further at the table and we ate our meal which was above average; however I feel that our business was not really valued and will not be dining there again.  I understand that mistakes happen and the waitress was new but if we  ordered alcoholic beverages that we were not going to order and then we have to pay extra for things. The service was meh . . .  That's all there is to it,
5	Late dinner on Monday: excellent & friendly service from Clay and other staff. Had the Cheesesteak au jus, whose flavor was a perfect balance of delicate flavors, and not greasy. Other items ordered were the hamburger and Philly steak, which were equally good; great fries. Great ambience to hang out and talk.
4	Received a gift card from a friend to 13 N since it was one of their local favorites. My wife and I went here for our first time and were well pleased. There is a nice kind of local bar/pub/grill vibe going on and they have some pretty great daily specials. A nice selection of $13 bottles of wine was on the board as well as $5 burgers and other dishes. My wife had the Cobb salad with grilled chicken and I had the lobster mac n cheese. Both were excellent and the portions were on the larger side. My wife enjoyed it so much, she took our son back there the next day. We will be back!
4	Went there for lunch w/ family. Friendly service.  Food was very tasty and priced right. Large portions and very good quality ingredients. Salad dressing was fresh,  good and house made. Only had sandwiches but they were great.
4	Recently moved to the area decided to try out TN because it was close. Interior nice and clean modern welcoming patio is cute. I came during happy hour and ordered the seared ahi tuna the sliders and sweet potato fries. Food was delicious fresh cooked to perfection flavorful and presented beautifully. My only critique would be that the waitress had to ask me what was in a vodka press but I didn't mind and the drink was perfect she was very helpful and attentive.
4	I had a good lunch here this past Saturday thanks to I think a Monsoon Deals coupon (locally owned) .  Service out front was friendly and  very attentive without being intrusive.  Our glasses never got dry, and that's an accomplishment in itself the way I drink.  My chicken wrap was will-filled and the sweet potato fries done well.  My companion did the weekend build-a-burger special with the same sweet potato fries and a cocktail.  Inside looked cool and inviting but under the shade, out front was quite comfortable.  Somewhat hidden by patio landscaping, I'd probably never have stopped but for the coupon - but I would go back again.  It's not really on my way to or from anything, but I'd make an effort to try a few more things on the menu, though I'll have to watch the prices as lunch, even with the weekend burger special and me drinking water, came to what I thought was a slightly hefty $36 for the two of us before the coupon.  Indoor ambiance dark and woody with polished concrete floors, brightened by large plate glass spanning the entire front of the restaurant tucked in this little strip center beside a defunct camera shop, and some doors down from Stumpy's Pizza, which has the same owner.  Watch for specials, both food & drink on the 13th of every month, including 13 cent cocktails, and check out the entire menu at: http://www.thirteenorthgrille.com/menu
4	A cute little gem.On our first visit, my fiance and I got some kind of fish dinner (good, not great), ahi tuna (great), side salad (great, they make all their dressings- try the blue cheese!) and sweet potato fries (AMAZING! I am a huge sweet potato fry fan, and these are hands-down my favorite. The dipping sauce is also great). Also finished with a very good coffee amaretto.Next visit, we tried the 13north burger (again, AMAZING) with sweet potato fries (see above. Also eat them because once you do you will know that your life has been incomplete without them.) However, the mac and cheese was just okay. I was hoping for creamy and cheesy, but what I got was more oily and cheesy. I probably wouldn't order it again. On Monday most wines are $13 a bottle. As for service, both times the servers were very nice and attentive, but seemed like they were new. The food is very good, but can be inconsistent. However, with some very awesome choices (did I mention the sweet potato fries?), nothing bad, friendly service, and decent prices, I'm willing to put in the detective work to find out exactly what the top dishes are.
5	I love this place. The food and service is always fantastic. Love having it right next to my house but is worth the drive.
5	Cute little bar with some really good food and great waitresses.  This strikes me as the kind of bar maybe your parents would like alot: clean, good service, good food....oh wait! That's me, I'm a parent, and I say I like this place.  Nice, decent crowd.Yup, this is not the place for rowdy folks but just has the right amount of noise.Now, back to the food:  Fish tacos were good, a friend orders the same Cobb Salad each time and raves each time, the $6 burgers from 11am-5pm on weekends is really good-great meat.I like this place alot (can't you tell).
5	Burger Bliss has been found right here in a very non-descript strip mall off Northern Avenue. They are actually celebrating their 2nd anniversary soon, but I'm just discovering this place now thanks to a friend who recently passed. She knew a good burger and always was plugging the weekend burger special here. The deal is buy a drink (cold beer always works) and get a burger for $6, then add stuff for .75 cents each. You also get your choice of side and as others mentioned the sweet potato fries are the way to go, even though I like them a bit thicker. The burger though is top notch and doesn't even need much toppings. It also is nice when the chef can cook one well done for me. I topped this bad boy with peppered bacon, blue cheese and grilled onions. Right up there with top 5 in my book. The bartender Terry was super nice and friendly and we bonded sharing stories of my friend Jess, who loved this place and the food. Now, I can see why. This one is for you Jessica.
1	Friendly people, but man, food is marginal at best and seating is not comfortable.  It's like they spent $500 buying furniture for the place.  Don't take your best guests here.  Not hitting the mark for me.  This was my second try, and that will be the last.
5	My boyfriend and I took a recent vacation to Phoenix, and decided to give this restaurant a try after seeing the good reviews. Our waitress was super nice and talked to us about menu questions, the restaurant itself, and even asked us about ourselves! She was extremely friendly and made our dining experience wonderful. I had the seared ahi as an appetizer, and it was to die for; it practically melted in my mouth! My boyfriend got the steak which he looked like he was in heaven while eating, and I got the shrimp scampi, which was different from any shrimp scampi I'd ever had, but was still pretty great. We skipped on desert because they serve large portions for reasonable prices. I would definitely come again if and when I visit Phoenix!
5	Two months later and the burger still remains solid. Perfectly burnt and White American and bacon were a good choice. Orange beer for 4 bucks and out the door for a total of $15 with tip for nice bartender. Bar gets crowded near end of burger special at 5pm.
4	2nd time INDEED was a charm!Went in w/kids on a Friday nite, we were  seated immediately in the upper bank.  My son had a turkey burger, daughter had the Mac & Cheese, and I had a salad...all were really nicely presented and tasty! Will be back :)
5	Great food, nice wine and beer selection. Happy hour is a great deal. Mussels and clams in red sauce are soooooooo good. (sometimes I get 2 orders) This is a cute little neighborhood secret....
5	I've been to 13 North a few times at various meal times. I have never been disappointed in the food which is excellent (sweet potato fries are out of this world good) or the service. There is one TV in the bar area and that personally works for me. The staff has always been very personable and keeps a good eye on my table. I never have to ask for anything. Awesome job!Count me in as a regular.
5	Great service, great food, amazing ambiance. We had the bruschetta and lobster Mac and cheese. D'lish!
2	My co worker and I came here for lunch on a Wednesday and it was bad!!!!! It's not a big role to begin with and they only had 2 servers. It was really bad service!!!! I had the special which that day was the hot ham and cheese with bacon and fries. My meal was very plain nothing to write home about. Definitely will not be going back here. Bad service is the worst at restaurants!
4	Burger and a beer for lunch here was great!    I plan to return to try dinner. Looked like the bar would be good for happy hour as well Definitely will return
4	I have been here several times over the course of a year.  The food is really good, great service.  One of the best hamburgers I have ever had.   The macaroni and cheese is to die for, so leave the diet behind.
3	Just moved to the area so my wife and I tried to Thirteen North. Kind of an older crowd. Nice decor on inside. Service was very friendly and welcoming. The food was just okay. I had the walleye pike and it was cooked well but nothing to write home about. Wife had the mac and cheese, which was pretty good but I've had better (there are just a lot of places serving mac and cheese now so the market is pretty competitive). And it's not crazy expensive, but it's not cheap either, so there are a lot of restaurant options at this price range. I'll definitely come back, I'm just not busting down the door.
4	In our neighborhood and now our go to local haunt! Great, consistant, friendly staff and talented chefs. Love the specials, love the burgers! Not the least expensive place, but fair priced. Can get loud, but worth every visit. We've probably tried the entire menu with few let downs. Highly recommend.
5	When a restaurant manager says "Of course we can make a grilled cheese sandwich for you, even though it's not on the menu.  We have cheese and we have bread.  What type of cheese would you like?  What type of bread would you prefer, sour dough or wheat?"  I am forever sold on this place.  Customer service lives and thrives at Thirteen North !!!Chili Chicken Mac and Cheese was very, very tasteful, while entirely different than I expected.  Beverages were refilled before we knew we wanted more.  I will go back to try the Ahi Tuna salad.  Long live excellent food coupled with divine service!
5	By far one of my favorite places to eat! Great atmosphere but the best is the food! We were in there on a Saturday night and ordered the ribeye steak... It was cooked perfect! If you want great food cooked perfect this is your place! Our compliments to the chef.
5	OMG best meat loaf ever and the chorizo mashed potatoes that comes with are excellent. The mixed veggies  were great too. Service was excellent and the price is right, well deserving of 5 stars.
2	I would love to give this place a great rating but what happened at the end of the meal won't allow me to.  Good food, good service.  However, we were approached by the bartender at the end of our meal and asked to keep our children quiet.  Keep in mind that the adults had to speak in very loud voices to be heard over the music!  Our children were actually very well behaved (and I would be the first to hop all over them if they weren't!).  It was a very disappointing end to the evening.
2	Umm.. here we go. It was a nice restaurant to sit down with the family and enjoy a good meal. The food was great, everything went well.. but our waiter didn't seem too happy about taking our orders or even working. He looked so annoyed and was rushing our orders. When we asked for condiment,  he looked all stressed out. By the way, HE WAS THE ONLY ONE ON THE FLOOR.
5	Fun place and Wayne makes a great margarita. The variety of food is impressive and the quality never disappoints  this is my local "go to" place. BTW they do an awesome NY Strip steak!!
4	This is my second time here at thirteen! My last visit was great! Food was great! As well as the service! From what I heard they have a dog friendly patio!!! How awesome! Would recomend this place to anyone in the area! They always have great lunch specials!
5	For a neighborhood lunch & dinner spot, I love Thirteen North. The menu choices offer something different from the usual food you get around the way and the service has always been just right for me. You're almost out of time to enjoy the patio...
5	Delicious.  Great service, had a table of 13 with split checks, no problem.  Dessert was dangerously tasty!  Kid friendly.
3	This was a challenging rating. We were a tough group to handle, and they handled it with mixed success. I was at dinner with my family; a group of nine with three kids ranging from 3-10, a vegan, a vegetarian, and a meat eater. So finding a restaurant is no easy task. We made a reservation for 6:30pm, in hopes it would be early enough that the kids would not be too tired. Unfortunately, that wasn't necessarily the case, so we were not the most ideal family to be around. The wait staff were gracious, they were patient with the kids and were sure to bring out their food before ours. They even made a dish special order for one of the kids since there wasn't anything on the menu he wanted. They also offered a kids sized plate of mac and cheese rather than the full order. Unfortunately, other aspects were more of a disappointment.  After they brought out the kids meals, we had a good 20 min wait before the adult meals appeared. And one order was even later. The food was ok, but nothing that would entice me to necessarily return. The fish taco and the bruschetta were the highlights. And they were really good, the lobster mac and cheese was a bit underwhelming and the tilapia was overly salty. I really wanted to like this place, but in the end, it was just ok.
2	We drive this place pretty much everyday and kept on wanting to check it out.  Now I'm disappointed :(.  And we're not even picky! We ordered Fries Calamari as an app and it was completely tasteless, it was like chewing a rubber band.Per the waitress recommendation I order their Prime Dip, it was not bad, simply not as good as advertised, hence the 2 starsMy wife ordered the Turkey Club, it was big and filling, but the veggies (lettuce, tomatoes, pickles) seemed and tasted as if they were cut a week ago, not fresh at all.I'm giving it 2 stars because the service was that bad and the prices are descent.  Sad to say I won't be coming back, specially since it's almost walking distance from home.
4	Wow! One of the best burgers I've had in Phoenix, and I'm a burger snob!I never noticed this place, until stuck in traffic today, with a growling belly. Walking into Thirteen North, I could see plenty of seating, a bar and kind of upscale decor, also some sweet 80's jams were playing. I was sat relatively quickly and brought a menu and my drink order.Glancing at the menu, there were so many items that made me salivate, but I decided to focus on the burgers. All unique takes on the traditional hamburger, including the Pizza Burger with pepperoni, smoked mozzarella and marinara. I decided on the Hot Mess burger, an Angus beef patty crowned with jalapeno cheddar sauce, fried jalapenos and crispy fried onion strings. For the included side, I chose sweet potato fries.When my plate arrived it was massive, my burger overflowing with tasty toppings. A stack of fresh pickles, red onion, tomato and shredded lettuce sat beside the burger. A generous portion of perfectly cooked sweet potato fries with a chili sauce (made in house) nestled in the midst of it all.First I dove into the sweet chilli sauce with a fry, it was amazing, full of flavor not heat, and paired the sweet potato blissfully. Next a bite of the burger, the cheddar sauce was tasty, the crispy jalapeno had great texture and the onion straws made for a prefect crunch before sinking into a very flavorful Angus patty. I cleaned my plate and sat with a very full belly while talking to my friendly server Wayne. The portion was large and all that for under 10$ a great value. Honestly I can't wait to be hungry again so I can try something else. They have delicious looking appetizers, chicken and steak wraps and complete dinner options as well. Well done Thirteen North, truly a hidden gem amongst a rotting strip mall.
4	Enjoyed a nice dinner here last night.  The patty melt was great, as was the Mac and cheese.  Add in the good wine, good service and friendly staff and you've got a great restaurant.
4	I think I have gone past this little gem a million times.  Sitting unobtrusively in a strip mall on the south side of Northern off 13th street (hence the name) is this wonderful little bistro style restaurant.  Our eau, Jeff, guided us through the menu, from great burgers (and each one can be changed to a turkey burger or a grilled chicken breast) or build your own, including a lobster or brie.  Each sandwich comes with your choice of home made potato chips or sweet potato fries.  Lots of choices for a fun lunch with the girls.  They have a full bar...and make a mean Bloody Mary.  We finished off with a warm chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream and whipped cream, compliments of chef for a fun birthday.  There's definitely a reason to go back and try them for dinner.  These little places need to rely on word of mouth traffic...so help me spread the word.
5	Great food and they have a weekend special $6 burgers! Mac and cheese is good here too
1	food was awful, place to loud and noisy, not enough room to go and sit anywhere else.
4	Had a BoGo so I thought I would try 13 North for the first time. I was very impressed with the food and service. I tried the Prime Dip and was very pleased. A nice portion of beef, cheese and onions on a fresh roll. My other guest enjoyed their meals as well. We've added 13 North to restaurant fave list for sure.
3	Let me start by saying, I usually love thirteen north...However, the weekend staff lately has been lacking to say the least. Just a few examples: Please serve waters promptly, not 20 minutes after being seated. We had 3 different waitresses in the last month and not one of them were good. They seemed very spacey? Forgot to take orders, didn't refill drinks, forgot to bring drinks. The guy that brought out the appetizers didn't even ask if he could bring us anything else, he brought no plates or ketchup for French fries. It seemed like we were an inconvenience each time. I'm honestly scared to go back on the weekends but I love the burger deal :( if you haven't been..give it a try because the food is good..served a little bit differently depending on the chef that's working.
5	Yelp wins again! Heading home from the airport, tired and grumpy, my hubby and I were undecided on dinner. The burger and honey garlic wings were delicious. The hostess, owner and waitress were all very kind and helpful too. Great find!
4	Food was great. Server not so much. Argued with me after I requested a replacement glass of water with lemon after she replaced the lemon onto the glass as it had fallen onto her serving tray. Said her tray was sanitary and btw that's how she was trained. I will definitely go back; it's in my neighborhood and locally owned but I will not sit in Bree V. section again if I can help it.
5	Glad we decided to try this tonight. Nice unpretentious neighborhood atmosphere and good service. We had the crab dip, which is quite good, and served with a large portion of homemade potato chips. We ordered the burger with bleu cheese and the patty melt, both of which were solid. We had salads on the side rather than fries because of the big appetizer so I'm looking forward to trying the regular or sweet potato fries on future visits, as well as the different entrees. We ended by sharing a nice coffee creme brulee. Only minor complaint is that I'd like a larger draft beer selection but I can live without that.
1	Wish I could give them Zero Stars but I can't. My Co-Workers and I all ordered Different types of Mac & Cheese. The Lobster Mac & Cheese was Way Over Cooked and had a funky taste to it. Love paying almost $20 for something I will have to throw away.  I Would not recommend this place to anyone.
5	Great food, awesome price, great service...it's funny cut its hidden so well in the area it's in, I've passed this place and never knew about these awesome burgers
5	Excellent food. Mac & Cheese is one of the best I've had.  Blue Bayou burger was done perfectly rare as requested with the right amount of pungent Blue Cheese.
4	Loved this restaurant. Someone called this a bar. It's not a bar. It's a modern, classy, but very comfortable & casual restaurant with a bar in it. There's a lot of grey slate used as part of the decor. Very attractive restaurant, bar, &  atmosphere. It's cool, has different areas to sit in the restaurant, as well as seating at the bar and to the side of the bar. They have a great outdoor patio covered with pretty red tarps for outdoor seating. I liked the entire layout & atmosphere. We went on a Sunday. We just missed happy hour. They have happy hour every Saturday & Sunday until 5pm. They have a $6 special on a 1/2 pound angus burger, and you build it with whatever you want. Great deal! Appetizers & drinks are reduced. They have a short reverse happy hour from 8pm-9pm on weekends. We used a restaurant.com, and got $15 off our bill. All burgers are 1/2 pound angus beef. . I ordered the patty melt with very sauteed onions and mushrooms,and melted cheese. Very good. The onions & mushroom were fantastic.  It needed no condiments. My burger was $9 and came with a great variety of side choices, I got the sweet potato fries. Good, with a light flavor. My husband ordered the steak wrap which was served on a healthier wheat tortilla, with sliced steak, and lots of sauteed vegetables in it. Very good, too. We ordered the hot crab dip appetizer. This is a must buy. Fantastic!! This comes with home made potato chips, and a bowl of delicious hot creamy crab dip. This was awesome. $9.00. They serve it with way too many chips, but you can always bring them home. For a Sunday, the restaurant & bar were busy. We got there just after happy hour ended, so there were people there from earlier taking advantage of happy hour food and pricing.  The service was outstanding. The wait staff were very attentive and constantly refilled our drinks. Everyone around us was having a very good time. Definitely a great place for food, atmosphere, modern, cool, and comfortable. It was interesting to see all of the high end cars in the parking lot - Escalades, BMW's, Porsches....yet they were all there drinking the cheaper drinks & food on happy hour. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is the lack of tvs. There was one in the bar area. I didn't see another one. I'm a big sports fan, so I would want to be able to see a tv here or there in the restaurant or a couple more in the bar area.  Highly recommend. Great food. Great atmosphere. Very casual, but modern and nice. Prices for entrees range from $7.50-$22. The average prices were $8-$11.
3	Good not great. This place is near my office so my coworkers tried it. Great looking interior, the waitresses were great but the manager seemed put out that we had to keep asking to top off our tea and water. The Cobb salad was good but not $11 good. I pay $10 at Chipotle and there's more flavor.
5	So Far, the clam chowder with grilled baguettes is a winner! !! The Bloody Mary scores due to it's spiciness -- yuuuummmmy!!!Hubby got the Southwest Meatloaf.  Huge portion,  great tasting sauce with chorizo potatoes. Hubby loved the fact that each large slice of Meatloaf was grilled. He lived the grilled veggies which were done to perfection,  still had that snap to them.My build a mac had succulent shrimp with great tasting green chilies. Did I mention EVERYTHING is fresh... The green chilies are roasted onsite, so they still have a crunch. The shrimp is grilled fresh per order, so they snap,  are hot, and juicy! !!The decor is restful shades of black, Grey and reds, and our server was delightful.Loved our first visit,  we will be returning for sure!!
5	Great beer paired with a delicious burger and served up by friendly staff.Double IPA on tap, awe hell yes.  The burgers did not disappoint, great options to build your own burger or mac n cheese.  The server and bartender won me over though, great attitudes and fun to chat with.
5	We bought the Groupon and so glad that we did.  They had mixed reviews but we thought we would give it a try.  Service was wonderful!  Everything we had was yummy.  Looking forward to going back.
5	We just had to come back cause the original experience was so good. We both did the Saturday Build A Burger. Hubby got green chilies, I got green chilies with cheddar cheese. Both yummy, but ya know what, these burgers are sooooooo good they stand alone! !! No need for any garnish, just perfect plain. Most of the time,  I order garnish on the side because the burgers are just not that great and I need the add ons.  But, boy, these burgers are big, juicy, seared on outside and perfect -- best word for them -- perfect.Ordered the sweet potato fries cause of all the Yelp recommendations. Boy, am I ever glad!!! Great dusting of salt with chili powder for a subtle bite, but pair that with the Thai Sweet Chili sauce and WOW! !! Best ever!!!We're going for the Bread Pudding for dessert, so hold on for that review...Well, now,  that is bread pudding! ! Hubby just remarked, "Oh, wow, probably the best I have had"There ya go... another GREAT experience at Thirteen North! !!
5	A unique take on some of America's favorite foods. The honey garlic wings were some of the best I've had. My husband loved the lucky 13 burger, sweet potato fries and accompanying sweet chili sauce. The staff was friendly and helpful in accommodating my gluten free request for the 3 cheese Mac and cheese. The atmosphere was comfortable and every staff member helped to ensure a good visit. We will be back!
4	I ordered take-out from Thirteen North, and it was A-OK for me, but excellent for my partner.  I got the chicken Caesar wrap and I was not impressed.   It lacked flavor but it filled me up.  I wonder if they forgot the Caesar.  I loved my sweet potato fries, though!  I ordered my boyfriend the Prime Dip sandwich and he LOVED it so much that he forgot to share. The waitress was really great.  She asked me to check out my order and make sure everything was there.  That was a nice time-saving gesture and I appreciate the kindness.  I also really like the location.  The big windows bring in nice light on a Sunday morning.  If I could afford it, I would eat here again and try a different sandwich.
4	I wanted to update my review. I am more satisfied with the service and food has been great. Just a little comment, the chef should be a little more willing to accommodate special orders that are easy to do. Weather is perfect for their patio! I also recommend the burger special on the weekend.
1	I just left Thirteen North after having lunch there for the first time. I had $30 to spend via my Restaurant.com certificate and planned to pack some of my leftovers for dinner tonight. Here's what I ordered: Calamari, Glazed Salmon (which comes with mixed veggies, garlic mashed potatoes or orzo pasta or side salad) and sweet potato fries. What I received: A side salad, a piece of non-glazed and dry salmon (I NEVER told her I didn't want my salmon to be glazed) with a full plate of sweet potato fries. I have friends that work in the restaurant industry and I also work in retail part time so I understand how people can get crazy about the things they spend money on. With that in mind, I really try to make it a point not to complain or ask for TOO much while dining.But me + no food since 7:00AM = HANGRY. Today was NOT the day to mess up my order.  I just want my food, as I've ordered it. That's all. My waitress, Jessica, was polite but when I asked her about the rest of my food she said she forgot my calamari and thought I only wanted fries with my salmon. At NO point did I tell her I didn't want the mixed vegetables or the orzo pasta with my food. She offered to have the veggies made, I said okay, but with my limited time due to my 1 hour lunch break and my extreme disappointment, I canceled it a few minutes later. She brought out my veggies anyways which I didn't bother to touch. I literally paid $20 for a dry piece of fish (which was decent and I ate ONLY because I was very hungry and out of time) and fries (which I took with me to go because they were pretty good). I was visibly VERY upset. Jessica said she wouldn't charge me for the veggies and she didn't.I'm usually a excellent tipper but I left her a $1 tip, wrote on my receipt why she only received a $1.  Customer service is everything to me. This was not a good experience. Never again.
2	Went here for dinner with my daughter and girlfriend. It wasn't busy at all and there were several staff just  standing around. Our waitress was nice but not very professional. I ordered the Prime Dip with no onions or cheese, my daughter got wings, and my girlfriend got the Chicken Marsala. A food runner brought out the Prime Dip and Chicken Marsala, and the first thing I noticed about the Prime Dip is that it had cheese on it! I feel like the waitress wouldn't have made that mistake if she was more focused on doing her job instead of being social with the rest of the staff. The waitress apologized and took it back to the kitchen to get me a new one. While I'm waiting for my food and my girlfriend is eating hers I'm wondering where my daughters wings are. When the food runner brings back my Prime Dip I ask where my daughters wings are and she said she doesn't know. Then I see her talk to the waitress who took the order and the waitress goes to the computer to enter it in. She forgot to put it in! My Prime Dip was very disappointing. It tasted decent but barely had any meat on it. For a $12 French Dip it was pathetic. Honestly you could go to Stumpy's a couple stores down and get an awesome French dip for less money. By the time I'm almost finished eating, the wings finally came out. I wouldn't eat here again. P.S. My girlfriend enjoyed the Chicken Marsala
4	I like Thirteen North.  Convenient location, good atmosphere, friendly bar, outside seating.In the words of Tracy Chapman: Give me one reason to stay here, oooh I'll turn right back around.Reason:  Veggie wrap and sweet potato friesTracy:  I told you that I love you, and there ain't no more to say.True love F O R E V E R.
4	New favorite burger joint!  Bartender was awesome service the same and the good was delish!!
1	Groupon is Poopon. Seems places nowadays aren't really trying anymore. Seems all I can do is leave negative because I can cook better at home. Got the Groupon and was dying to go here for three weeks. It's close and loved the reviews and online menu. Below Mediocre ambiance for the prices. Paper napkins always bad with $18 entrees. Battery operated candles at the tables, which I turned on to set the mood. Whoopee!  Tim the waiter was good. Two tvs with sports on them at the bar, which is in the dining room...kinda weird. Ordered the fish fry cod and pork tenderloin for the adults. Split a burger and Mac and cheese for the two girls. Oh, and fried calamari and wine and beer. Soda in styrofoam cups is good at Juliobertos...not here. Calamari sauce was great. But, Better calamari in the frozen food section at frys. Chewy and tiny. I was betting the girls $5 each to take a bite. They declined. ($10) added to the bill. Waiting on that fish fry ($14) and everything took about 30 minutes...and two beers ($11). Finally...everything shows up and I cut into one of the fried cod "balls"....cold and raw on the inside...I had so been craving fried fish and my dreams were ruined.  Showed Tim the waiter and he apologized and offered to bring a different dish. Well...you all know what happens to your food when you send it back.  I opted for another beer instead of dinner. $5.50 drafts. Mac and cheese = great. But for $9?  Not so much. Pork good, mashed potatoes cold. Who is cooking here?  Mashed potatos stay HOT for 20 minutes when I make them!  Green beans were soggy thin worms. ($19 special?)Burger:  had to cut off the bottom charcoal piece and the girls couldn't eat it. Who's cooking here?  Showed Tim again and he apologized and took the burger and fish off the bill.  No other comps for the waste of time and money. Maybe it's normal here?So, we got out with two out of the four of us actually eating for around $75, with the Groupon. Still gave Tim a 18% tip for him trying. My advice:  ASK GROUPON FOR A REFUND BEFORE GOING.  Tim said the cook apologized and was training a new cook, so things were not as usual. Check your product BEFORE it goes out to the customer. Cook is not a Chef.  Cooks make dollar menu items. Chefs make pork tenderloin in a bourbon sauce as advertised. Please, it's Friday, get your stuff together. If you absolutely kill a burger, make another and serve it right.  Please don't serve your horrible mistake to my kids. I'll see what the one bite of raw cod does to me in a few hours. Thanks for the beer ($17.50).
4	Great atmosphere for a Friday night date with the wife!I had the Hot Mess burger ... just right in terms of so iciness. Got the sweet potatoe fries in the side. I could have had them as a meal in and of themselves, but sadly there weren't very many. $9My wife had the cob salad and clam chowder. The salad was almost orgasmic ... it was like the risotto scene from Seinfeld. She was in heaven. $11Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and helpful.Overall, a great place for a night out.
5	Cute atmosphere with outdoor patio.  We ordered prime dip and hot mess burger. Prime dip au jus was excellent.  Hot mess was good. We ordered a side of chipotle to dip our fries which was excellent. While I would like a 10 craft beer list on draught, the 4 beers were craft or Stella.  Wine list looked good. Service was really good. We didn't sit in the bar but the bar space looks fun. We will come back.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. The food was excellent from the appetizer to dessert. I really enjoyed the steak wrap, especially because of the Chipotle Aioli. It made the meal. Yum!
3	I drive by this place on my way to and from work, and for the longest time, I thought, "What is this restaurant with the sleek logo, located in what appears to be a lower rent strip mall?" I finally decided to check it out... Places named after their cross streets are all the rage, after all.It's a small place, to be sure. Quaint. It's nothing more than a charming neighborhood restaurant. It's unfortunate, then, that the food is so mediocre. It's trying to be good, but it falls short. I had the Lucky 13 burger, which is topped with a tasty mix of brie, bleu cheese, and grilled onions... All on a grocery store-quality bun. When you think about it, it's really interesting that the difference between what would be an amazing burger and a completely underwhelming burger is just a bun. That's it.The food isn't bad, but I really have no reason to go back here, with all the great options popping up around the N Central area.
5	Love this place!  Close to home with quality food.  I usually get the salmon and out never disappoints.  Comes with delicious mashed potatoes and fresh grilled veggies. Yes please! Cute outdoor patio.
