5	I brought my 2 year old son to Dr's Express because he was complaining about his wrist hurting due to a fall the night before. I figured I should just be safe and get it checked out. I picked Dr's Express because I knew they had in-office x-rays, which I know alot of urgent care offices don't offer. From the minute I checked my son in, we were taken care of. The staff was AWESOME!!! It's difficult to entertain a 2 year old, and the x-ray tech, Dr., and office manager were so patient and helpful. Turns out that my son actually did fracture his arm. The Dr. not only referred me to an Orthopedic Surgeon, but even made the follow-up appointment for me. Unparalleled service!! No doubt, with a little rambunctious boy, I'll need urgent care again... I will definitely be coming back!!!
5	This Urgent Care office was covered by my insurance, and with lab facilities and an X-ray at the office, I thought it would be a good choice in case I needed labs drawn or an X-ray done.As it turns out, it was a great experience (for being a doctor office visit)... the staff was friendly and went out of their way to take care of me. And Dr. Williams took plenty of time for the exam and to explain everything, also going out of her way to be sure I had everything I needed to make my recovery more comfortable.With a great staff and the facilities to really take care of their patients, I highly recommend this office for your urgent care needs.
5	I went to DE, at my friend's urging, after being sick for over a week.  I am not a fan of doctor visits so was pleasantly surprised by the pleasant surroundings and personnel.  Although I was miserable, the visit was short and the staff really worked to make sure I was comfortable.  I have since been back to consult with them about a refill of antibiotics and they were very helpful and accommodating.  The facilities are clean and pleasant, without the usual crowded conditions, the care is professionally delivered, and location is convenient.  I highly recommend Doctors Express to anyone needing immediate medical care,
5	I brought my father here because it was the only place open over the weekend. He got treated right away. The doctor and the staff were very helpful.  We really appreciated their attentiveness and promptness. My father was helped with the symptoms, left the clinic feeling better, with prescription and treatment plan that his regular doctor fully approved. The facility was clean and well stocked. I highly recommend it.
5	This office is amazing.  The front office staff is on the ball.  Physicians are great.  Almost no wait time.  I wish my primary care office was this good.
5	I took my 3 year old daughter here today for an issue that wasn't going away, and I couldn't get in to see her pedatrician.  There was no one in the waiting room when we arrived, and we were seen, consulted with, and sent on our way with a prescription in less than an hour!  They were so kind and sweet, especially to my little daughter.  Would use them again in a second!
4	For Urgent Care, this clinic was very friendly, clean and professional. I came in here for a cut on my finger. The nurse asked me when I last had a tetanus shot and I couldn't remember. I freaking hate needles but finally agreed to get a  tetanus shot since it's been 10 years +...The staff was super nice. The friendly nurse remained professional while I sweated bullets over the shot. The doctor was gentle with cleaning my super awesome cut on my finger. No complaints.
5	After a previous bad Urgent care experience I was hesitant to go anywhere. I do not have insurance so going to the emergency room was my last resort. After doing some online research I found this place. Read the good reviews and decided to give it a shot. Made an online appt. for 4, arrived at 3:45 and was diagnosed, treated and sent on my way in an hour!! On top of the quick service, the place was very clean and the staff were all very friendly. I also feel the price I paid was more than fair for what I had done- probably would have cost at least triple in the E.R. They also have a price list on their website which is very helpful if you need to know what your going to spend. If your in a jam and need a quick, friendly, clean and professional place, look no further! I was very pleasantly surprised. Hopefully I do not have to go back but if I do, I will not hesitate to return to Doctors Express! Thanks guys!
5	Back story: I was misdiagnosed by a state healthcare clinic (the one on 7th Ave downtown... avoid at all costs... I only went because it was the only urgent care open so late). This first place ignored my suggestion of "I'm pretty sure I have pneumonia, this pain in my chest on breathing matches that" and doped me up on a bunch of conflicting pain killers and muscle relaxers that resulted in an overdose from just 2 of them (luckily I came out of it without hospitalization, thank God I didn't take all 3)I went to Doctors Express the next day based on the Yelp reviews. I was seen promptly. The doctor, an older lady, LISTENED to my symptoms, actually took a stethoscope to me (the other place hadn't). and said 'Yep, you have a pneumonia in your right lung."  She was absolutely appalled by the amount and kinds of medication Place #1 had given me - one, an antibiotic for an accidentally discovered urinary tract infection, was in a high enough dose to damage my kidneys, and 2 of the painkillers were known to cause seizures when mixed. She took me off those, lowered the antibiotic dose, and gave me a Z-pack.She was efficient, nice, a no-BS type, and I had no more pain in my chest after 3 days of her meds. AND they have discount cards for your prescriptions. I wish I had just gone here first and avoided a week of scary-ness/people who really should not have medical degrees. Bonus: The waiting room is pleasant! It's carpet, not tile, which makes a big difference in not thinking you're at the doctors, and smells nice. It's the little things :)
1	Very unpleasant experience. Creepy male doctor. Uncaring. And no help.I went to this Urgent Care with a swollen ankle so painful that I was nauseous, dizzy and having vision problems. The doctor interrogated me and advised me to get my head examined. I'm not kidding. Mom was right: good doctors don't advertise. This place actually solicits Yelp reviews.
1	Written by Husband:I had a serious issue with them quoting me cash price in contrast with what they billed my insurance. My wife and I went in here just to get a doctors note for her absence at work . She received a five minute check up and the note was promptly typed up. we were in and out in 20 minutes. When we received our bill from our insurance we see that " Doctor's Express" billed our insurance company $289.00 for the same service they quoted us for cash as $99.00. I called and I was told It was our insurance company that billed themselves $289 and that they had nothing to do with it. I have never had to pay over $120 for any urgent care visit ,including having debris removed from my eye. This place is a HUGE RIP OFF! Unless you have a flat co-pay insurance plan don not use your insurance ,it will end up costing you more than you think.  I believe the doctors there charge $900 an hour . To people like me That is outrageous for a strip mall doctors note.
1	I've been to other Doctors Express locations and loved them, so when my 4 year old got sick, I didn't hesitate to take her the one on Camelback.   Well, the waiting room is clean and the staff were nice. However, the doctor at the Camelback location was absolutely horrible. He spent less than one minute examining my daughter and then looked at me and asked, "Well what do you think I should do?"  In the end he misdiagnosed my daughter and seven days later I had to go to another urgent care where they told me she had pneumonia.   If you have to go to this urgent care, refuse to see the old, male doctor. He's far from decent.
1	I cannot imagine ever writing a more negative review than this one. I visited the clinic on Sunday, February 17 around 7 PM.  It is clean, well-lit and I didn't have to wait long.  The front desk staff was pleasant.For the purposes of protecting my own personal privacy, I will not reveal the exact details of my visit, but I will say: 1.  I was seen by the female Physicians Assistant. 2.  Details about my condition were discussed loudly with the office staff outside the door where I was being examined (I could hear them making guesses about my condition). 3.  I was egregiously misdiagnosed by the PA. 4.  I was refused a physical examination. 5.  I was made to feel that my choice to use birth control is morally reprehensible.  I will be filing a complaint with the Arizona Medical Board, but because this establishment ACTIVELY RECRUITS YELP REVIEWS (flyers on the front desk), I felt it imperative to provide one.
1	I am actually a NP who against my better judgement sent my husband there to have IV hydration due to a bout of vomiting & diarrhea. First he had to wait almost two hrs to be seen. Secondly, they had to stick him with the IV three times (which happens sometimes) but continued to run the IV on the third attempt which infiltrated and he only received a 1/4 of the bag. What infuriates me, is that his chart, states none of this. According to what was written, he had one failed IV attempt then received a liter of fluids over 45 minutes. So he received absolutely no help and was sent home in the same shape as when he went in.
5	June 15 at about 6:30 PM.  Covered by my insurance and one of the few places open on a Saturday at that time - very convenient.Waiting Room and Clinic areas are all nice looking and clean.  Relaxing music on tv's in exam rooms.  Front desk staff was great.  The PA and his assistant who took care of me were thorough about my whole medical state, not just the sore throat I came in for.Whole visit was quick, thorough and great.  Thanks for taking care of me!
5	This was the greatest urgent care experience! They were soooo nice not even making me hobble over on my sprained ankle to give them paperwork and my insurance card. They were FAST and even followed up the next morning! Thanks doctors express!
1	Visited on a Saturday in February 2013 for a sinus infection and received a prescription. All is good until I receive the bill. My insurance was billed $390 for my 10 minute office visit!!  I am responsible for over $160!!!  If I would have said I didn't have insurance it would have cost $99. So now I pay for insurance and also a higher amount for my care.  I agree with Aimee A's 1/30/2013 review, basically the same conversation when I called to question the charges. Something doesn't sound fair with this set-up.
5	Great staff, no wait, both times I went each PA took their time with me. Last visit PA made sure prescription was okay to take with breastfeeding, without me asking! I've had 2 great visits there so far.
1	WARNING- Discriminates, Harasses & No Doctor on Duty!I was discriminated and harassed by Rudy Noriega PA-C at Doctors Express on Camelback & 40th St because of my disability status, age and insurance because I did not "fit" the frail white elderly stereotype or profiling in his eyes.(To be fair, I have been there a few other times and the experience up until now was good.)I went in on Tuesday evening August 20th because my right eye lid was itchy, red and puffy, a sure case of pink eye.  Easy in and out, right.  It was anything but.The staff was loud and joking around with each other but friendly.  After they took my information, verified my id and insurance, they called me back to the triage station to take my vitals and write down what I was there for.After that I was taken to a room and waited for the doctor to come in (which at the time I did not know that all they have are PA's there as they do not have Doctors or MD's on site but rather on call should they need one).Several minutes later, Rudy Noriega PA-C comes in with a holier than thou attitude, says hello and shakes my hand in a patronizing manner, walks to the other side of the room, arrogantly cocks himself up with and with such animosity in his eyes, the first thing out of his mouth is...      "Well you know I've raised a RED FLAG with you because someone your age and the way look shouldn't be on disability or on this type of insurance."He then proceeded to harass me by belittling me and interrogate me as if I had done something wrong or he was going to teach me a lesson as to why did you go on disability as if I had a choice and at which point I just shut down as he took away any remaining shred of dignity that I had left.He then justified this malicious behavior by coldly stating well I need to know this before I can help you to which I replied I have Pink Eye which has nothing to do with any of that which as we all know anyone can get by touching any public surface at a grocery store, gas pump and so.He then took a simple glance tells me he can't see anything and that it's nothing.  Completely astonished, because everyone else in the office saw it, I asked him for a mirror so I could show him to which he replied "why do you need a mirror when I have two eyes".Then he states, "Well as a courtesy to you, I will write out a prescription for antibiotic eye drops which won't hurt but just in case".Then he states, "Well I also see on the notes that you have a rash, so as a courtesy I will take a look at that which I'm not supposed to".  He looks states he will give a prescription for that as well and proceeds to leave the room.Several minutes later, the triage nurse comes in and gives me the prescriptions and I leave.The next morning I now have to infected eyes so I decide to give the eye drops a few days to work.It's now Saturday August 24th and my eyes are worse, crusty and goopy.  I again go back to Doctors Express and let the receptionist know (who is also the x-ray tech according to her name tag) to let her know I was in here this past Tuesday, the drops aren't working and hoping that a different person is on to which she responds no, it's only Rudy Noriega PA-C as we don't have doctors on site but on-call only should we need them (which from my understanding, a MD must always be on premises).So I go into my story to which she is really more concerned with 2 other patients overhearing and says we'll we won't charge you a co-pay this time to make up for it but he is all you can see.All of the sudden Rudy Noriega PA-C walks as he over hears his name and asks what going on, at which point I tell him that the Pink Eye you didn't see is now in both eyes with goop and crust and the eye drops you gave me as a "Courtesy" aren't working to which he coldly states well we can't do anything more for you as you'll have to see an ophthalmologist.As far as everything else I did nothing wrong at which point I stated you call harassment and discrimination against disability, age and insurance nothing wrong...At this point Rudy Noriega PA-C had a choice to simply say something like we got off on the wrong foot and I'm sorry... let me see what I can do and so... But he did NOT...Instead he chose to tell me...           "You are forbidden from coming here!!!  That means you can never be seen here again!!!  Now get out!!!"He then proceeds for storm off.
5	Monday morning wake up to go get a cup of joe and enjoy the sunrise.. Swallowing is hard... Sick as a dog.. Think I can power through it! Go to breakfast.. 40 mins later.. cant take it.. Debate is on doctors office? Urgent care? ER?I picked urgent care.. Yelped to find on close and this is down the road from me after.. Walk in with a warm smile. Got my information and right away I go back and go into my basic info family history, basic stuff.We then go to my room.. And as the nurse walks out someone else come in to help me its the doctor! Wow fast!Get done he comes in gets my CVS info and then says okay your good to go we sent the scripts to the pharmacy you'll be good to go.  So happy!
1	Their website clearly states that a walk-in visit, out-of-pocket costs $99.00. Fortunately, I have insurance (or not) -- my insurance has been billed a grand total of $515.00 for a 30-minute consultation with the doctor on a Saturday morning. I think this is robbery! (they charged an extra $92 for an "urgent" visit - not sure why that's in addition to $323.00 office visit charge, PLUS an additional $67 for a weekend visit). Yowza!Basically, I had a very brief discussion with the doctor about my concerns -- there was NO physical examination, lab tests or any other diagnostic testing done. I am extremely disappointed that they would take advantage of my health insurance -- PLUS, I just got an additional bill for $73.00! Yikes!Unless you are dying, you are better off waiting 'til you can see your own PCP -- it will be cheaper and won't drain our US healthcare system. These clinics are costing us more than we think!!!!!!!!
4	The name Doctors Express fits this location perfect. It is a quick in and out service with  health-care professionals who are ready to assist your needs. I have had the pleasure of using there services many times. The fact that they don't require an appointment and will service people who do not have insurance is an added benefit of wanting to drop in. They service the public from 8am until 8pm Monday-Sunday. To save time I registered on-line to get an actual appointment time or put me ahead if the waiting room is jammed packed with people. Luckily the times I have gone I have not had to wait long. Besides visiting for Urgent Care news I have stopped in for Employer Services. I recently needed some testing done to become a certified teacher and was able to have them help me with the proper testing. They also offer travel medicine and prescriptions. The facility is very clean and the front desk staff are nice. Each time I came to visit I have to say I left happy. My most recent visit I received a call a few days later asking me if I was ok. I have to say thought that was a nice personal touch.
5	Everyone was extremely friendly, courteous and gracious when I arrived and thru my short (thank goodness) experience there!  I'd broken up a dog fight and one had hit my left forearm.  I had been doing yard work and was a dusty, dirty mess but they didn't mind.  And all this took about an hour from arrival to departure! I wouldn't hesitate to go there first next time I have an accident.
4	Friendly front desk staff, nice manager, clean. No complaints and had no wait! In and out within an hour. My coworker enjoyed her visit as well.
5	I'm pretty picky when it comes to Urgent Care clinics and this place is awesome! Great staff, clean office and quick service. Andy was joking around with me in a British accent, which definitely brightened my mood. If you're looking for a quick and easy Urgent Care with a outstanding customer service, go here!
5	I have been here twice and both times I had a great experience. Front desk was pleasant and quick to get me in. I didn't have to wait long in the room and doctors/ PAs we're knowledgeable and caring. Highly recommend.
