5	Just beautiful and quiet.  I am looking out my window at the rink right now and am about toy head there with my skates for an hour of gliding and peace.  If you are visiting the city you can rent skates.  It's cheap.  I recommend you get a quickie lunch at Thai Express in Place Jacques Cartier.  Fill up on some tasty Pad Thai or Pad Sew or whatever Thai yopu love...and then skate it off in this little rink from heaven.
5	Winter in Montreal can be magic if one of your outdoor activities is skating, the skating rink in the Old Port is a special place to experience this magic.There is a small rink that is always opened, but the fun is when it is cold enough and the entire lake around the rink is transferred into ice surface to explore. The view of the illuminated old Montreal and downtown behind is stunning during the night. Just bring your warm clothes and have fun!
5	For a perfect date on a perfect winter afternoon, I suggest skating at the Vieux Port. Bundle up because the wind off the river can be cold. The scenery at this spot is amazing, and the ice is well-maintained. At $6 per adult, it was an affordable afternoon's entertainment...although the snacks and hot chocolate are overpriced, even in comparison with the Rideau Canal in Ottawa. Skate rental is cash only, so be sure to have some money in your pocket if you don't bring your own skates.Each day has its own musical theme -- Mondays classical, Tuesdays world music, etc. I imagine it would be a wonderful place from which to watch the Saturday evening fireworks at the Vieux Port (or New Year's Eve). We had a really nice time and will definitely go back. (If you agree, a seasons pass is $28, I think).
5	This is a beautiful outdoor skating rink in the Old Port of Montreal.  We came here last week during Christmas and we were treated to a snow covered winter wonderland just off the heart of downtown Montreal.  Very affordable and a fantastic diversion on a wintery day in Montreal.  Cap it off with a hot chocolate in the adjoining bistro and your winter fun day is complete.
