4	I've been to two appt here and I'm getting braces tomorrow. I can't say enough good things about this office. It's gorgeous inside with very professional and friendly staff. They have the newest technology in braces, called In-Ovation, which are little clips instead of the old-school brackets and bands. They are smaller and work faster with less discomfort. For instance, when you tell the receptionist you have an appt at 1:30, instead of asking your name, she looks over the appt list, figures out who you probably are and asks, "Are you Jill?" The only thing holding back that elusive 5th star is the price point. My friends braces were $3200 and mine are $5000, but I think sometimes you get what you pay for. If I'm investing this much money in something that's as much of an art as a science, I want the best.4-28-10 - Got my braces today and I look so cute! :D
5	4 months in and my teeth look almost perfect! There has been so much movement it's amazing. The orthodontist says the last months are just for minute fine tuning, but still! I wish I would have sucked it up and done this earlier. Also, I still look cute :D
5	They took excellent care of my daughter and her teeth look amazing! The staff is friendly and they all do a great job!!!
5	On our first visit to Aspen Orthodontics, we were very impressed when we walked in the door. Not only is it a beautiful office, but we were greeted right away and both receptionists introduced themselves to us. They made us feel very welcome. Every staff member treated my 7yr old daughter very well and made her first visit to an orthodontics unforgettable. Ann was amazing! She ensured that we understood everything that she showed us, walked us through the treatment and other programs and was just such a pleasant person to talk with. They have a really awesome token reward process for their patients. You can earn tokens each visit by doing things as simple as wearing their t-shirt to each visit, brushing your teeth well, plus much more. You can earn great prizes if you have a specific amount of tokens! They truly care about their patients and are very understanding when it comes to payment for their services (ex. very reasonable payment plans). Dr. Hunsaker is a wonderful and caring orthodontist and I would recommend anyone to him and this amazing office!Robert & Stephanie Habeeb
5	When it came time for my daughter to get braces, we were given many referrals from friends. I checked out a few but at the end of the day, I knew Aspen was the place for us.The staff is extremely friendly and welcoming.  Dr. Hunsaker made us feel right at home.  We really liked his personality and he didn't give us the hard sell like some others did.  My daughter feels very at home with him, as well as his assistants.  The office is very pleasant and clean.  They do offer tokens for children to collect as a reward system for many things from wearing the practice t-shirt, to good maintenance of the braces, etc.  That makes it fun for the kids.  They also have the colored bands that kids get to choose each time they are switched out.  That adds even more fun and makes my daughter happy.The prices are the best part.  Not only did they give us a great price (braces are not cheap! lol) but they will work with you on interest free payments.  I do believe they will also work with you if you find a better price elsewhere but we didn't have to worry about that as Dr Hunsaker was the most affordable from what we found.I am very happy the we chose Apsen Orthodontics and have full faith that anyone who goes there will  be happy!
5	I love Aspen so much that I, too, decided to come here for braces for myself!  I am three months in and I am very happy.
