1	At first I thought this spine doctor/pain management doctor was having a bad or long day on my first visit.  He was very cold, arrogant and disinterested.  I have a very sore, bad , aching back from injuries caused by a fall.  Of course he says my back is "unremarkable" and I don't need surgery which I never purported I did.  He has awful bedside manner and generally a bitter disposition overall. The second time I came in it was supposed to be a follow up, but I wanted to let him know my lumbar part of my back was really really hurting.  So he examined it quickly and actually wrote and order for an MRI.  That's the best thing that came out of this appointment.  Once again, he was condescending, arrogant, rude and overall unpleasant.   I highly suggest not going to see this particular doctor if you have back issues.  There are plenty of doctors here.  After my two experiences, I finally did a search...hah! Very low ratings and a few stories mimic mine.  http://www.ratemds.com/doctor-ratings/894413/Dr-Christopher+W.-Huston-PHOENIX-AZ.htmlhttp://www.healthgrades.com/physician/dr-christopher-huston-x2c4y/patient-ratings
1	I had a series of 3 spinal injections w no pain relief. Why? Because dr Houston  misdiagnosed me. This TOCA group is supposed to be a sports medicine group. If that was the case then he should have had no problem diagnosing this run, tennis player, over all athlete who has never stretched in his life with a negative MRI with periformis syndrome! I suffered for over a YEAR while he gladly wrote pain medicine scripts. Fortunately for me my CPA brother in law diagnosed me and showed me some extremely effective stretches. This is condition which is classic in triathletes not that I was ever examined because I doubt that pays as we'll. overall feeling like bad practice. And yes he's got a terribly arrogant bedside manner and clearly doesn't evaluate his patients adequately.
5	I've had back problems for over 40 years and had a spinal fusion 30 plus years ago.  There is an old saying, once a bad back always a bad back.  I think some back pain sufferers have unrealistic expectations.  Dr. Huston has treated my back off and on for about 6 years now.  Most recently two spinal blocks were a big help.  Contrary to other reviews I just read I find him to be a skilled doctor and his bedside manner and general demeanor are sound and professional.  He's got my recommendation as does the TOCA practice as I have other doctors there too.
1	Rude, arrogant, and overtreats, need I say more??
