5	I had their pot roast sub and it was pretty amazing.  If you're looking for a quick sub or pie that's good, this is your spot.
5	No comment
5	This placeis awesome! Very convenient and the subs are so good. Love their special sauce. Great bread. The staff was very nice too. Will be back soon.
5	Typically, Tuesdays mean my daughter and I end up at Desert Ridge for our weekly play date at The Play Factory. This day, we decided that we would try a new (to us) sandwich place before we went. According to Yelp, there was one just around the corner.We drove around looking for this place for several minutes. According to my GPS, I was sitting right on the place. But, it was nowhere to be found. Then I looked a little more closely at the description...the sandwich shop is INSIDE of Danny's Gourmet Market. Man, I'm dumb...but, I digress.Best Ever Subs and More accounts for about 1/3 of the overall space inside Danny's. The whole place is very well maintained and quite inviting. We got there right around noon, so we expected there to be SOME kind of wait. Fortunately for us, there wasn't. This also meant that we received the royal treatment by the staff. They went above and beyond the service that you might expect from a convenience store sandwich shop. Not only were they overwhelmingly pleasant, but they were super accommodating, as well. Essentially, they treated us like we were at a sit-down restaurant by bringing us our food, checking on us during the meal, and then offering to take up our things when we were finally finished. Now, I do know that the owner was there during our visit. Typically, employees are on their best behavior when the owner is in the house. Either way, the owner and her staff were extremely pleasant, and definitely ensured that we'll go back.The menu at Best Ever Subs and More is relatively typical of a sandwich shop. They have the usual sandwiches and wraps that you'd find elsewhere. However, they did have one item, the one I tried, that was FANTASTIC! I ordered the #11: Best Ever Turkey wrap. This wrap comes with turkey, brie cheese, green apples,  dried cranberries, lettuce, tomatoes, red onions, and apple cider dressing. It comes in either a white, wheat, or a spinach wrap. You can also pay an extra + $.50 for bacon, which I highly recommend. Best Ever Subs and More has plenty of seating inside. However, if the weather is right, they do have a decent patio. It's covered by an aluminum pergola, but it doesn't have any misters. So, if you want to sit outside, DEFINITELY do it during early Spring or Fall. Otherwise, you'll be hating life.If you're looking for a great sandwich shop with great service on the North side of town, you should definitely swing by Danny's Gourmet Market and check this place out!
1	Far from the "best ever". The "big" sandwich (the #2) I ordered was about the size of a hot dog bun. I ordered it "hot" and the bread was warm but the inside was cold. The spicy mustard was not spicy at all. My husband ordered the Reuben and it was hands down the worst Reuben I've ever had. The sauerkraut was mixed with some liquid thousand island and it was runny in a bad way. The meat was tough and tasteless...I actually spit it out. In fairness, the place was clean and the staff was very friendly. I guess I shouldn't have expected more from a place attached to a car wash, but maybe they should change their name to "just ok" and it wouldn't have been such a letdown.
5	This place is great! I ordered 2 platters of sandwiches and wraps for my son's birthday as well as a ton of their delicious cookies and every single thing got eaten right up. All of the guests of our party raved about the food and asked where I got it from. The special sauce is amazing and the bread is fresh and tastes great! The staff is amazing, I would recommend best ever to anyone who is looking for a great lunch spot or catering a party!
5	Wow! I visited The Best Ever for my 5th time today and was again blown away by sandwich euphoria. Let's rewind. Two weeks ago I was looking on Yelp for a place to eat nearby.  I was surprised at how highly rated this place was, but they couldn't get me in the door because of my bias against gas station food. Regrettably, I went to the Port of Subs down the street. The menus weren't lit up, my bread was dry, peperoncinis were more ivory than green, and the poor cashier had an eye infection. Another week goes by and I'm craving a sandwich again but I had vowed to not return to that Port of Subs. So I eventually came around to the notion that maybe gas station subs would be worth a try. It turned out to be The Best Ever decision I could have made.I have since tried four different subs, two pizzas and was so beyond satisfied with all of them. Their brand of sauces and condiments are incredible too. This area has a crowded sandwich market: Subway, Port of Subs, Zupas, and Jimmy Johns are all within walking distance. With the exception of Zupas, I will proudly say The Best Ever can go toe-to-toe with any of the aforementioned eateries and flat out toast them (no pun intended). The food quality is exceptional and although it's located inside a gas station, their branding makes you feel like you're in a gourmet sandwich shop.The only sad part is that I've lived nearby for the entire year it's been open and never made it in. On my second visit I asked the cashier what the story was behind it. She told me this was a project of Danny's Wife and that she particular about food quality, ingredients, and many of the the items were family recipes. So let me be the first to say, thank you Danny for your exceptional convenience stores, and thank you Danny's wife for your outstanding food. Here's to many mouth-watering moments to come.
5	I love this place! Whenever I'm in the area I make it a point to stop by. My go to item is the Turkey Wrap. Another reviewer said that they didn't feel like there was enough turkey on it, but I think the portions are fine. The wrap is so flavorful. It's also perfect on a warm day because it is so cool and the apples make it very refreshing. The staff is also very friendly. My first time in, the owner was there and she made it a point to stop and chat with me which I thought was nice.I can't recommend this place enough. I've been telling all my friends about it. Go there. You won't be disappointed.
5	Best. Ever. Makes a great sandwich!  It's located inside the Danny's Family car wash on Tatum and Deer Valley, so very convenient to fill up, grab a quick soda, and get a great sandwich fast.  They have a nice little outdoor patio with plenty of shade.  By the time I put my drink down on a table today, they had my sandwich made.  I've had the pot roast sandwich, and today, the tuna for a change.  The pot roast is their signature sandwich, and for good reason.
5	Omg I can't believe I am writing a review regarding a sandwich place within a gas station, but do not let that deter you!!! The BEST sandwich I have every had comes from this spot! I thought it was cliche to name a sub spot best subs ever, but they hit it spot on!! I got grandmas pot roast...the cheese, tender meat, and crispy onion straws blend together to form the most succulent sandwich of my life. Hate to cut this review short, but I'm on my way to get Grandmas pot roast!!!
5	I was a little skeptical about going to a gas station for a sandwich. What a surprise!! My sandwich, #10 was fantastic! The service was great and I would defiantly recommend this place to folks who need a quick, but delicious sandwich.
