1	The first time we visited it was great. Tonight the planetarium was disappointing. The presentations were blurry and all six of us walked out complaining to each other about the terrible resolution. Too bad!
4	Down in Flagstaff, Arizona, the Lowell Observatory stands as a working monument to the power of a well-constructed telescope.  On many weekends, long lines of star gazers stand in 1-2 hour long lines waiting for a chance to look through a telescope in the observatory where former planet (now dwarf planet) Pluto was discovered.Well . . . the College of Southern Nevada's observatory is not that observatory.  It's much smaller.  And the planetarium is much smaller.  That said, we all know that we sacrifice some things to live in Las Vegas.  One of those appears to be a spacious planetarium and strong academic interest in astronomy.  But I don't fault the CSN planetarium for that.  In fact, it's a really nice place to have in a public-funding strapped state like Nevada.  They offer some great programs on how to identify stars and seasonal programs discussing special events in the stars.  It's a good educational early evening event for families.  And, an underrated and imaginative idea for the beginning to a date night.And if you head there on a clear night, the observatory may offer you the chance to look at a planet through one of their larger telescopes (well, larger for Vegas).
4	I've seen some pretty amazing planetariums, so this was definitely smaller than I expected.  Not terribly impressive, but my kids thought it was absolutely amazing!!!!The first reviewer, in my opinion, was completely unfair.  1 star?  Really?  You've been twice, the first time was great and the second time they had technical difficulties. Hardly fair to give them a single star for that.  I would think that at least merits 3 stars.  It is, after all, a publicly funded community college in a state that's been strapped for cash for several years now.I'm grateful they have something like this here in Las Vegas.  We went there during Nevada Science Week and got to meet some professors and the folks who operate the observatory and planetarium.  Thank you for having a good science department at your college, and thank you for participating in NV Science Week and allowing families to visit and enjoy for free.  My kids are in love with science, and my oldest wants to be an astrophysicist when he grows up, so we appreciate every opportunity to encourage his interests.
4	Went there in a School field trip with my kid. This is one of Vegas' hidden treasures. It's not big and its not as sophisticated as NY or LA, but iy is clean and well-maintained. They have shows for almost every age range.
3	Came to see the Maya Skies show on a Saturday at 8. The planetarium is pretty small (been to a much bigger one in Idaho) but without support how could they ever get bigger and better?The show was really cook but admittedly is was hot as hell in there.I suggest bringing a travelers pillow to take strain off the neck. The show itself is pretty cool. You learn quite a bit and at the end we got out to go see Saturn :). Would suggest. Adult tickets are $6 i think.
