5	I wanted to do something cool and a little different for my wife's surprise birthday. Someone at work recommended Cupcake Delirium to create a center piece for our dessert table. The folks at Cupcake Delirium asked for my wife's favorite dessert flavors and favorite flowers. The following weekend they delivered a stunningly beautiful 4 tier cupcake tree with different varieties of strawberry and chocolate cupcake creations. The entire tree was adorned with my wife's favorite flowers as well. Completely customized dessert! It was beyond anything I could have imagined. It was a total conversation piece at my wife's party and my wife was absolutely floored when she saw it. Not to mention the cupcakes were delicious. My wife had to hide one towards the end of her party because people were taking them home. I will continue to order from Cupcake Delirium for future special occasions or casual dinner parties. Surprisingly great prices....beautiful and delicious product...customized....cool...delivered to your door.. and the customer service was A+
5	Driving home from a meeting I about twisted my head off when I saw Baby Blue sitting in the open field (now fondly the food truck tailgate) in South End. Baby Blue is the gorgeous cupcake truck for Cupcake Delirium - home to scratch made cupcakes of all sorts. I had to turn around and make a go of it. The really important info: cupcakes are $3 a piece, yes you can pay via credit card (they have SquareUp), each treated is housed in its own plastic container to keep it safe! I ordered two types of cupcakes - and yes I ate them both, don't judge - Strawberry Fields Forever and Raspberry Chocolate. The Strawberry Fields Forever was a true delight: strawberry cupcake, strawberry preserves glaze stuffed inside all topped with strawberry butter cream. That cupcake didn't have a chance in my house as it was gone in 30 seconds flat. The cupcake was plenty moist, the buttercream a sweet delight and the interior glaze was a nice surprise. My only issue? The buttercream was really, really sweet. But hey, it's a cupcake, I can't say I didn't love it. The Raspberry Chocolate was, natch, a chocolate cupcake topped with raspberry buttercream. A true chocolate cupcake that shone with simplicity. Loved it. Plus, I love raspberry anything so this one also had a very short shelf life on my counter. While I vacillated between 4 and 5 stars, I have to award this one 5 stars simply because of creative flavors and ease of purchase. Plus, they offer custom flavors and designs and free delivery when you meet the minimum order amount.
4	As stated in that marvelous classic, Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory, "The strawberries taste like strawberries, and the snozzberries taste like snozzberries."  By gum, Cupcake Delirium's cupcake flavors taste just like cupcakes should, too.On one visit, I got Fiance a Root Beer Float cupcake.  He let me have only a little taste, but WOW - serious root beer flavor! Adorable heart deco and mini-straw, too.  On other trips we've tried Peanut Butter Cup, Vanilla Caramel, Death by Chocolate, German Chocolate and (my mother) Lemon Blueberry.  Now, she said the lemon flavor wasn't as strong as she might have liked, but since I didn't taste it I can't vouch as to the cupcake's flavoral-integrity, or whether Ma's slightly older tastebuds are starting to fail her.Peanut Butter Cup, German Chocolate and Root Beer Float were major winners.  Fiance's Vanilla Caramel was slightly too sweet for him to eat the whole thing late at night, but I told him it was his fault for waiting so long.  I was warned upon purchase of the Death by Chocolate that I might experience chocolate overload, which warning I scoffed at - but it was true.  I might not have gotten over-chocolated if I had worked out a better icing:cake ratio during consumption, but as it was I was left with a big lump of super sweet chocolate frosting at the end that proved my undoing.  Probably more my fault than theirs, or just a matter of preference (and maybe it's just because I'm such a fan of uberdark chocolates that the super-sweet ones aren't quite as much to my fancy.)Overall, I'm a big fan of Cupcake Delirium - so much so that she'll be our go-to gal for cupcakes for our wedding later this year.  The cakes are the right size - not too big, not too small - and they are moist and deliciously flavored.  Most of the frostings we've tried have the right amount of sugar, too (which is to say - not too much! So many other cupcakeries in Charlotte are way too sweet), and are in the appropriate proportion for the treat they top.Now, I'm just waiting for them to bring out some fall/winter flavors at the truck soon, like carrot or pumpkin or hot chocolate or peppermint...
5	AMAZING experience ordering from here!! Had a last minute request for 1 dozen carrot cake cupcakes to be delivered to my boyfriend, Jason, for his birthday. Searched frantically everywhere on Sunday and needed the cupcakes delivered Monday (Jason was touring with Blink182 and they were only going to be in Charlotte for 24hrs). Shannon, the owner, called me Monday morning and said she would be happy to fulfill the order and had even already sent out another part of the crew to pick up carrots. The cupcakes were delivered by Monday afternoon in a beautiful package and, from what I heard, were delicious!Can't thank Cupcake Delirium enough for helping me in a pinch and making my boyfriend's birthday special :)
5	Yo all the other cupcake places I'm gonna eat you anyways, but Cupcake Delirium has the best cupcakes of all time!Every time I get a cupcake here it's a different flavor and I'm always impressed at how she can pull it off. I mean don't get me wrong there are always places with creative flavors and presentation, but they don't always work out flawlessly like these cupcakes. The astounding amount of options are pretty awesome and you can even request cupcake flavors! Vegans don't be scared, they have vegan red velvet cupcakes. These cupcakes represent the epitome of cupcakeness. Delicious frosting that isn't grainy or cloyingly sweet, moist and savory body.Always new, interesting, and delicious, I have yet to be let down by one of their cupcakes! Also they accept cupcake requests, and have twitter and facebook telling you where they'll be located on any given day. So get over there and do yourself a favor and buy a cupcake.
5	Just wanted to update that I had such a great experience working with Shannon on the order for our wedding.  She even ordered a new pan special to be able to make a small centerpiece layer cake for us!  Our custom flavor, pumpkin spice with cinnamon cream cheese, was super delicious - our guests all raved over how good it was, and many said they couldn't remember ever having wedding cake that tasty before :)I couldn't have been happier with the outstanding service and the high quality of product we received from Cupcake Delirium.  It is truly the #1 cupcake place in town (and quite frankly, the only one I see the need to visit).
5	Got a cupcake here when I attended "Chow Down Uptown". I believe the one I ordered was called "Elvis". It was a banana flavored cupcake, with peanut butter icing that was very fluffy with bacon on top. The combinations of all the flavors was amazing, I really should have started with Cupcake Delirium upon arriving at "Chow Down" so I could have had  more than one. I really look forward to visiting the truck again in the near future.
5	The most dangerous combination of indulgence is deliciousness and delivery. Cupcake Delirium serves it up nicely by bringing the sweets to you! Whether you pick up some cupcakes at one of the stops or order special, you will not be sorry.Do you buy something to satisfy your eyes or your tastebuds? The cupcakes will not only please your sweet tooth, but also it's a work of art! You can tell each cupcake is made with pride. Shannon also supports local businesses, when possible. (I ran into her buying fresh spices for the week.)The cupcakes are $3 each, $10 for 4, or $30 for a dozen. They are boxed with care and each one has it's own container! Lastly, if you preserve the box and return it, you'll get a free cake pop! Recycling has its perks! You can now find Baby Blue at Pfeiffer University once a week in the back lot...which is way too convenient for me.
5	Another 5 star review for Cupcake Delirium.  What can I say?  Possibly the bestest moistest gooiest tastiest cupcakes I've ever had.  They were parked next to the Roaming Fork food truck and we scooped up 4 for $10 in addition to getting a great dinner at Roaming For.  We got the Chocolate Peanut Butter, the Red Velvet and something else that was also great but my mind is still thinking about the other two, so I can't remember what it was.  They are served in plastic recyclable cups (the cups are upside down with lids at the bottom).I don't know the going rate for the bestest moistest gooiest tastiest cupcake ever - but I think it was a bargain.  Next time I'm going to buy 400 instead of 4.
5	I have tried my fair share of cupcakes and must say there is a difference between good and great cupcakes. Cupcake Delirium is in the latter-- grrrrrreat!!  These treats have the perfect balance of moistness and sweetness. Mmm good.
3	This relationship is heading in the wrong direction. My first date with Cupcake Delirium was at a Chow Down food truck rally. We got a salted caramel cupcake that was incredibly moist and syrupy in the middle which oozed all the way down into the rest of the cupcake. It was borderline too sweet, but I overlooked it because of the moistness and I appreciated the smaller size which fit into a non-tippable cup container. I thought perhaps this was a new contender for #1.Our second date was at a Yelp event where they graciously donated mexican chocolate and egg nog cupcakes. They were also good and pretty moist, but not as divinely moist as the first ones.Our third date was at another food truck rally where we got a mint chocolate and a peanut butter cup cupcake. The PB cup, predictably, was better than the chocolate mint, but the devils food cake used for the bottom was really dry and we both left saying they just tasted stale and totally disappointing. Maybe they're just not that into me? Or maybe she had a bad day.Nevertheless, I'm not holding my breath for a fourth date. Perhaps I should give Southern Cake Queen a shot.
5	I found Cupcake Delerium at a Chow Down Uptown food truck rally.  They have a neat looking mobile truck painted baby blue.  I tried the Peanut Butter Cup and it was delicious.  The flavors were superb, plenty of Chocolate and plenty of peanut butter.  Next time I attended one of these events I was introduced to the Elvis, the story is that Elvis Presley had a favorite sandwich, Banana, peanut butter and bacon!  This cupcake was one of the best desserts I have ever had.  The candied bacon with the peanut butter frosting and the banana cupcake is my new favorite.  Moist and delicious.  I have tried them all at this point and even used them to cater a community meeting.  Everyone loved them.  I will use them again for any occasion.
5	I want to live in Baby Blue! Not really, but I simply am in love with Cupcake Delirium. Mr. & Mrs. Cupcake D are so nice & friendly, too!I am so happy Nicole W. chooses to use them for pretty much every Elite event. YAY!Prices are fantastic & can we talk about presentation? They come in these cute plastic "to go" cups, which are great for taking home / traveling. Not to mention how crafted the actual cupcakes are. Like Faith D. mentioned, they are works of art!So soft & moist - not dry like some cupcakes are.My favorites are the smores, red velvet & the mint chocolate. Mmmm.
4	Finally a cupcake establishment that got it right!  I can't even count the number of cupcake places I've gone to recently.....locally and out of state that claim to have great cupcakes but fail to deliver a decent one not mention a great one........oh but Cupcake Delirium gets it and delivers not only a perfectly moist cupcake, but flavors that will drive the taste buds wild!  So far my favorites are: Elvis, peanut butter cup, chocolate mint, and chocolate.  The red velvet had sold out before I got there but I must return to try the velvet..........
5	Elvis has left the building and is now in my belly! Banana cupcake with peanut butter frosting and topped w/ bacon. It was moist and delicious. All three elements in one bite is the perfect bite! The bacon adds the right amount of, well bacon. It was a must try for me and I loved it! My daughter and I got 3 other cupcakes too (you just can't beat the prices). We tried the peanut butter and chocolate, the dulce de leche ( it has a carmel topping that was killer) and the mocha fudge. I'm currently very full but happy! Got a chance to chat w/ the owner too. So sweet! I'm looking forward to trying more of these fantastic treats, maybe just not all at once.
5	Oh my goodness. After hearing for weeks about the "cupcake truck" I finally was able to get to it today!  Oh my...the recent Charlotte Magazine cover did not do enough justice for the Red Velvet and other goodies.  I bought a 4-pack...and now will see if I make it home with at least 2 of them!!!  Gateway Village is now able to have great deserts delivered right out front.....so get your cupcake fix...and get on back to work.
5	Woo Hoo!  I got to sample the cupcakes thanks to the hubs since I can't seem to catch up with Baby Blue.  They were all eaten before photos were taken.  I devoured the red velvet and thought it was the absolute best.  Then I tasted something with a white frosting and what appeared to be a bit of carmel swirled on top and it had jelly in the midde.  I was thinking of a jelly donut but I was wrong.  The flavors in this cupcake were in perfect harmony!  Lesson learned, don't judge a book by the cover.  I also tasted the one with the oreo cookie on top and wanted nothing to do with it.  I have found my favorite...now I need to figure out what it was and the name.  Overall, the cupcakes are small but the taste more than makes up for it.  This is one place that has the right to charge $2.50 for a cupcake!**I am on the chase for this baby cupcake!** Can you help me?
4	Baby Blue, where are you?  Charlotte's emerging food truck scene now has this sweet van o'cupcakes trolling a neighborhood near you.  Should you be lucky enough to find it, do yourself a favor and indulge in one of these little bits of deliciousness while supporting a local business.I have to agree with others that these petite treats are impressively moist.  Even if the icing and fillings were gone, the cake alone is praiseworthy.  But the frostings surely deserve mention as well.  Butter cream that is light and airy, but packed with sweet flavor.  The cream cheese frosting on the Red Velvet was perfect.  And how about a cupcake just for Elvis- banana cake with a peanut butter frosting and just a bit of candied bacon on top.  Wowzers in the creativity and uniqueness department!  They have about 25 other unique flavors as well, offered on a rotating basis or by special order.  While the cupcakes do seem a tad bit smaller than some other bakeries in town, it's probably a good thing in the long run, as you will definitely want to eat more than one.  I do love the fact that the cupcakes come individually packaged in clear solo cups.  They stay nicely positioned in the inverted top of the cup due to a little dab of oil on the bottom.  Nice touch to keep those swirls of frosting perfectly positioned until the little guys meet their tasty end.Individual cupcakes are just a bit steep at $3.00, but a box of 4 comes in at $10.00.  Hard call to make, even if they are delicious.  Good news is they take a credit card without issue, so that helps a bit.  Do check out their facebook page or twitter feed for daily locations and inventory.  Baby Blue is on the move and they do tend to sell out.  Their location in Plaza Midwood is totally unexpected but it's now clear folks are searching 'Blue out.  After just a couple bites, its easy to understand why.
5	5 Stars x10!!!!! THE BESTMy BF's family moved down to Charlotte outskirts a few years ago and we go visit all the time. This past summer my family had a vacation down there, my dads in the Coast Guard, and there National conference was held in Charlotte proper.....we were there for over 10 days and not ONE day was I able to get to the truck. We went ever where else, Prices Chicken (AMAZING!!!!), International Pancake House (the real one not IHOP), the museums, Matts Chicago Dog....and everything else....fast forward from August '11 to January '12 I finally made it.....After stalking this truck and its whereabouts on twitter....we made it. I dragged my non cupcake loving boyfriend( the heathen in this case) and I got 6 cupcakes....the Elvis, OF COURSE....my favorite mean just unreal.... i had one of all the cupcakes that she was offerening....and I spoke to the women for a little and she was really nice....I told her my story about trying to get to them in August and finally making it there in Jan. I was really excited.... I consider myself a cupcake extraordinaire... I make all types and I live in NY where cupcake places are now a dime a dozen....a good one is hard to find.....I am hoping they move to NY soon......Oh, and My boyfriend....he tried a few, and loved them.....after that we walked to prices chicken.....just a great day!!! thanks Baby Blue Cupcake Truck
4	I am all about this new food truck movement that's hit Charlotte, and it's even better that it's collided with the cupcake craze that's taking over the nation.  Combine the two, and you've got Cupcake Delirium - the baby blue truck that's being seen all over town.  Typically, they offer ~5 flavors and you better get there early because once they're gone, they're gone.  The Vermont flavored cupcake is amazing, with powerful maple and bacon flavors joining forces to fight evil... or something like that; Red Velvet is a super classy little lady and sweet as can be.  And dangerous to know, they'll deliver a dozen right to your door.  $3 for a single cupcake, $30 for a dozen, payable via cash or credit card.  Follow them on Facebook or Twitter to see where they'll be parked that day.
5	Cupcake Delirium is unique in style, presentation, locations and prices. Who knew a savory Chipotle cream cheese over a luscious sweet apple cupcake could be so good? Any time of the year, these $ 3.00 treats are just the right size to delight one's palet and tantalize you to return the following week to try something new.This past summer, I loved playing the 'chase and find the cupcake truck' game with my family. This usually ended in a most delicious way. Today, for St. Patrick's Day, a Green Velvet cup cake...my word! Look for 'baby blue' and if you find them, try everything, you will not be able to have just one favorite.
5	In the words of Belinda Carlisle, oooh, heaven is a place on Earth, and that place is Cupcake Delirium. Some fellow Yelpers and myself got together to check out the new 7th Street Market the other night, and coincidentally, Chow Down Uptown was going on right next door behind Dixie's. While we were eating our first round of dinner and lattes from the market and the trucks, a man came around with cupcake samples from another bakery. While they were good, one of our group insisted we had not lived until we had Cupcake Delirium, so we headed back over to the lot for dessert. The 7 of us pooled our money and got 2 4-packs to save money. My red velvet was To Die For, (capitalization intended and necessary) with chocolate chip cheesecake baked INTO the middle of the cupcake, and chocolate chip cream cheese frosting on top. The dark chocolate cherry, gluten-free chocolate strawberry, and Elvis (banana cupcake, peanut butter frosting, and candied bacon on top) quickly disappeared in the hands of our group. I picked up a GF chocolate strawberry for my roommate, since she's usually on the lookout for GF goodies. "I cannot even handle how good this is" was her exact reaction- with her mouth full of cupcake. One of the best GF cupcakes she's ever had, according to her.I thought $3 per cupcake was a bit expensive at first, but once I tasted it, I have no doubts I'll be paying $3 again next time I see the truck around town.
5	We tried both these cupcakes and the Southern Queen ones at the Uptown Chowdown Food Truck Rally and these blew the other guys out of the water. So good we took home a 4-pack!
5	An ode to the Vermont Jemima:Vanilla cake, mocha frosting, and a maple-candied slice of bacon on top of the frosting?OH HELL YES.If it wasn't for the fact that I'm trying to maintain my girlish and svelte figure, I'd gladly turn into a tubby fat ass again, all because of the Vermont Jemima. Alas, I shall have to love this gross-sounding but delightful sinful beauty from afar.Sigh...
4	Cupcakes are tasty here. I got the banana pudding cupcake which was basically a cupcake filled with banana pudding and topped with a buttercream frosting and nilla cookie. The cake itself is great. It's moist without being overly dense. The frosting though is really buttery (think, if you were to put it in the fridge too long, it would harden like a stick of butter) -- so not always the most appealing. I'd love to try others flavor here. Finally, can I just say how ingenious the upside down plastic cup containers are? Okay, they don't hold cupcakes perfectly and you have to be careful the way you hold it since the bottom can drop out if you squeeze the cup--but it seems cost-effective and clever. For a $3 cupcake, it's a great (cheaper) alternative to what I had at e2 to go.
4	The truck is a regular infront of my husbands office..and thats how i happen to get introduced to these amazing cupcakes!!! we just love them...most of their flavors are yummy...and its great to taste diff flavors every week !i love the way the cupcakes are packed inverted use and throw glasses! the pineapple one is my personal favourite!
5	Ice cream trucks roam the streets, hot dog stands on corners, and food trucks churning out delicious meals prowl the QC. Cupcake Delirium just makes sense. Why wouldn't you want a cupcake? Especially one made with candied bacon? I've stumbled upon these guys and gals on multiple occasions. Plaza Midwood, Southend, Uptown and elsewhere. Each time there is a line of intrigued foodies who are stunned by a truck vending baked goods. I've tried a few of their varietals. The Elvis, Fuzzy Navel, Dirt Cupcake (I'm a kid at heart), and the Peanut Butter. All are so different, it's hard to choose a favorite! The buttercream is incredibly balanced on each. Not too sweet, perfectly creamy and smooth, and a generous dollop but not overbearing. The prices are very fair. About $3 per. They also use Square so you can pay with a credit card/debit card right at the truck. You can also order them in bulk off of their website. I love their serving style, too. In a plastic cup with a lid, turned upside down. Talk about brilliant engineering, haha. I love it. It makes a perfect vehicle to carry and also serves as a mini trashcan for the paper!Honestly, CD has made cupcakes more fun for me. I'm not one to go to a bakery and buy a dozen. Buying one from a food truck is just better. It has a fun novelty to it. Kind of like an ice cream truck....So fun. Can't wait to find these guys roaming around the QC soon!
5	I am obsessed with cupcakes from Baby Blue! It's sad when the couple knows you because you are constantly buying cupcakes ...weekly. Cookie Monster will be my Death Row last meal, or just my weekly Friday treat! Banana Pudding is fantastic. The cake part is not just the conduit for the frosting for these cupcakes - it's moist and delicious!
5	Stumbled across this truck at the Rural Hill Food Truck Rally and decided it was the place to grab some dessert for the next two nights. The cupcakes are all baked ahead of time and stored in plastic cup containers, so grabbing a sweet treat on the run is super fast. The owner was very nice and was patient with me as I tried to talk to him and the miss' over the phone, trying to decide between all the great-sounding cupcakes. In the end we chose the banana pudding and Vermont Jemima, and both proved to be great choices, at at $3 a pop it was definitely money well spent. The banana pudding cupcake was a banana cupcake with banana pudding filling, vanilla butter cream and a Nilla Wafer on top. The cupcake itself was perfect, with just the right banana flavor and was super moist, not dry. The butter cream was likewise perfect as it wasn't a choking sweet, but very light and mild. The banana pudding was delicious and super bananay. It was a simply yet awesome cupcake and definitely one of the best I've ever had.As much as I'm shocked to say this, I think I liked the Vermont Jemima even more. While I felt it was missing a filling, the cake was still moist and tasty. I really enjoyed the maple flavored butter cream, and like the vanilla one it wasn't too sweet. The top of it was garnished with two chunks of candied bacon, and this proved to be the best part. The bacon was crisp from being candied but it was still chewy, making it the best of both worlds. When tasting the cake, icing and bacon all in one bite I experienced cupcake nirvana, and I want to go back!Cupcake Delirium is the real deal. There are tons of "speciality" cupcake shops out there in this day and age, but many of them just don't deliver the full package. Cupcake Delirium's treats have a moist cake, an icing that isn't too sweet, innovative flavors and a great price. All these factors make Cupcake Delirium a must visit whenever it's in your area, or if you are craving a sweet dessert.
4	I really should try a few different cupcakes before writing a review but I am eager to talk about the sweet potato heaven I tried at last week's Food Truck Friday.I won't lie, the whole food truck thing wigs me out a little bit but I know it's the new craze so I have to hop on board.  It just makes me question the freshness and the sanitation of each item but I got over that pretty quickly.  I also didn't love the fact that I couldn't gawk at the display of cupcakes and analyze each flavor and ask a million questions which is my norm.  So, I felt a little blind as I attempted to see the variety over Mrs. Delirium's shoulder and I was attempting to view them through the tupperware, which was challenging.ALLLLLL that to say, I took my chances and tried the sweet potato cupcake with a marshmallow icing.  It was awesome.  The icing tasted like a campfire marshmallow that was lightly toasted and creamy.  It was excellent.  The cake was soft and had excellent flavor.  I still haven't tasted a sweet potato cupcake that really sets itself apart from a pumpkin cupcake but this came pretty close.  The nutmeg was prominent but everything was perfectly balanced.  The cupcake wasn't huge so it was the perfect sweet complete without making me feel like a fat pig.  I have been following them on facebook and the flavors listed all sound amazing so I look forward to chasing down this truck again soon!!
5	I travel miles and miles just to eat these cupcakes! The best.
5	Ordered cupcakes from Cupcake Delirium as a birthday surprise. The owner Shannon was great! Responded quickly to my e-mails etc. Cupcakes, one dozen snickerdoodle, came delivered tomy daughters a big purple bow and not too expensive. The cupcakes were yummy and the perfect birthday treat! Can't wait to try the others.
4	Pleasantly surprised at this food truck my friend was eager to take me to when I visited Charlotte. They individually package the cupcakes in upside down cups so your cupcake stays nice and pretty on your way to your car/building (so you can take all the pictures you want of it later). I got the banana pudding cupcake and a mint chocolate cupcake (one of the security guards at work spotted my friend's cupcake and hinted at her for one, so I gave her my mint chocolate cupcake since she lost hers). The banana cake was delicious and I'm not too inclined too frosting, but actually enjoyed the generous portion on this one. Owner was very nice and efficient. Paying was very simple. If you find this truck near you during your lunch hour, I suggest being a nice coworker and buying a box for your (beloved) coworkers.
5	Woohoo...I just ate my entire allowance of sugar for the week.  It was worth it though. I've been subscribed to CD's Facebook page for almost a year now but this is the first time I've managed to make it out for one of their cupcakes. Usually cupcakes are just OK -- any of the ones I've had in town, either the cake's good but the frosting is cheap, or the frosting is good but the cake is dry...not so here. They lured me out with the promise of a brand new Spumoni cupcake, but by the time I got there all of the in the know cupcake mavens had claimed the Spumonis and I was left with a Warren Buffett. Which was pretty darned delicious, moist cake, mysterious toffee candy center, and creamy butter cream and all. After I recover from this one I'll have to stalk the elusive Spumoni until it, too, is mine.
5	Awesome Cupcakes... I love Strawberry and Banana Pudding a lot.
5	I had to update this review because as I continue the quest for the best cupcake/cupcakery in this area the competition is growing more and more fierce everyday!  I won't lie, CD fell off my radar a little bit.  I became aloof, arrogant and focused on the obvious places but I returned to the yummy goodness cupcake delirium has never stopped offering this past weekend....and I am SOOO glad I did!!!I tried 4:  Pecan Pie (holy amazing scrumptiousness), Peanut Butter Cup (amaaaaazing) Vermont Jemima (maple-bacon...need I say more?) and Strawberry (flavorful, light and perfect spring treat).  The portions are perfect, the balance of flavors just amaze me, they are fluffy but yet moist, I mean--they are amazing cupcakes.  I typically like a super sweet icing but these are more of a whipped icing, not super sugary, but very flavorful.  I don't know how else to explain it...it just works.  Everything about the cupcake WORKS.  You don't eat one and feel bloated because it isn't overly rich.  They are just amazing. Also, can't help but support them.  They are local, serving cupcakes out of a truck.  It doesn't get more raw/authentic than that!  This past Saturday I had the pleasure of being served by Mr. Delirium...cupcakes being served with a smile go a long way for me.  If they ever needed a backup driver, I'd be all up on it!!  I will be BACK, I DO follow them on facebook, I WILL hunt down that little blue truck...and YOU SHOULD TOO!!!
5	Recently found the best strategy for Food Truck Friday - Just buy a 4-pack if you're with a group of 2 or more. For $10, it's the best way to sample/share and try the different flavors they have. Also, Velvet Bottom and the Cookies n' Cream are freaking awesome. Easily my new favorites.
5	I was looking for a place to purchase cupcakes for delivery for a friend's birthday when I found Cupcake Delirium online.  They went out of their way to accommodate my needs for around $20 less than I could find anywhere else for shipping cupcakes.  Shannon called me several times to make sure she had all of the details right and followed up with me when no one answered the door for her delivery to ensure that I called and made sure that my friend received them.  Thank you so very much!
4	Ok, if you come to food truck friday or any other event that has cupcake delirium and you don't try this place, you are SERIOUSLY missing out!!I got a red velvet and a 4 pack cupcake. Ohh the texture is soo smooth, I want the recipe for the batter! It's smooth yet it has such a bite to it that makes it such a perfect dessert. The icing is also very good, flavored accordingly amongst each cupcake. For example, if you are having the berry cupcake the icing will also be berry flavored, how thoughtful! I want to try some of the bacon cupcakes, dang my cousin picked out the flavors otherwise I would have chosen more adventurous ones haha. Can I just say the red velvet and the caramel cupcake we got BOTH looked and smelled delicious. The only complaint will be the price is a tad high for the size of the cupcake. I've never had $3 cupcakes that were regular sized haha. Hey but this is probably good for me as I am trying to save room for another truck to sample!P.S. they have a credit card machine there and accepts credit cards, bingo!
5	I've never really been much of a cake or cupcake person but one day when I saw cupcake delirium parked near by I thought why not. That decision has turned me into an avid fan and I get cupcakes from them frequently. The cupcakes are fantastic, not dry ( which is the reason I usually don't like cake) and the frosting is filled with flavor. I have yet to have a cupcake from them I don't like. Also, the exceptionally friendly service I receive every time is a big part of why I go back. This truck is a local food truck where the owners truly care about the product and the customers.
5	I don't consider myself to be a "foodie" in the modern sense, but I do consider myself to be a restaurant critic and evaluator of good food. I am as picky as it comes to my food, and without a doubt am hard to please.  BUT Cupcake Delirium is by far THE BEST cupcakes I have EVER had!!!!  They make the BEST cupcakes in the region and if you don't live in the area, it is worth a drive in to find Baby Blue.  Reasonably priced for the very high quality products you get.  I haven't had a bad flavor yet!  HIGHLY recommend!
5	I have became an addict when it comes to these cupcakes I LOVE THURSDAY'S I actually save up for my 4 pack. My all time favorite is Carrot Pineapple hands down the BEST Red Velvet is good as well with the cheese cake center. The last time he was around he had Peach Cobbler and Pineapple Right Side up.... Good, Moist BUT I REALLY WANTED MY CARROT PINEAPPLE but its nice to try new things. TILL THURSDAY CUPCAKE MAN!!!! I miss it so now that im not in Charlotte
4	Kevin has brought home cupcakes from Cupcake Delirium's blue van twice now as they stop near his work on Wednesdays.So far, the following we have had:1. Velvet Bottom - Cheesecake in a cupcake, absolutely fabulous!  My biggest complaint is that red velvet needs cream cheese icing.  If there was with cream cheese icing on this one you couldn't tell as it is not strong.  I'd rather go to Cheesecake Factory for their Red Velvet Cheesecake than get this again.2. S'mores - Love this one, chocolatey with a nice light marshmellowy icing!3. Snickers - Love this one as well, it was just so good with that snickers in the center!4. Orange Dreamcicle - Not a fan, I like orange creamcicle items, but this one was almost too orange candy flavored for my liking.Overall, these cupcakes are great - light and moist, and are put in easy containiners for Kevin to bring home!  Can't wait to try some more soon!
5	I usually go for ice cream at Food Truck Friday but I'm glad I got a cupcake at Sizzling Saturday this week!  I had the pumpkin cheesecake and it was delicious, not at all dry like some cupcakes.  We bought a four pack and the next day I ate a chocolate cupcake that was amazing!  If you bring your box back and buy another four pack, you get a fifth cupcake free!
3	The cupcakes are good, but not great. I had the banana pudding cupcake, which had pudding in the middle and butter cream icing on the top. I enjoyed it, but probably wouldn't order it again. My friend had the pecan pie cupcake (and she let me taste it :-). It was really good. It had pecan pie filling in the middle and butter cream icing on top.  It tastes just like a slice of pecan pie. The owner is friendly. They have a nice variety of flavors (red velvet, death by chocolate,etc). Again, the cupcakes are good, but not great.
5	Shannon is just AWESOME! I used her to make my cupcakes for my wedding 06-8-12 and she was so easy to talk to over the phone. We had 3 differnt offerings for our guests and I have never seen so many people eat the "cake" at a wedding. I had several people ask what bakery made them and were so surprised they could find them from baby blue the food truck in town. I have tried about everything she has to offer, oreo, salted carmel, red velet black bottom, hostess, strawberry, orange dreamsicle, ferrero rocher, you name it, it has been moist and to die for! Stop and buy a few you will not regret it. Ashley the crazy wedding lady
5	I love me some cupcakes and have to say, these are some of the best I have ever had. Bought the cookies and cream which had a whole Oreo on top and the Elvis, which was banana cake and peanut butter frosting topped w candied bacon. O-m-g. Flavors worked so well together, cake is moist and the frosting is sweet but not overly so. It takes all of my willpower not to drive around following this truck.
5	They have the best cupcakes in Charlotte -- HANDS DOWN! The cake is perfectly moist with just the right amount of frosting (usually buttercream that is...not cream cheese). I like both but I always go with buttercream when I can. My favorite has to be their Vermont Jemima which is a maple cupcake, maple buttercream frosting and candied bacon which just takes it to a whole new level. They have other creations like Death By Chocolate, Honey Bunches of Goats and the Cookie Monster. You have to follow them on FB or Twitter since they don't have a storefront but you can always text/call ahead to reserve your order for pickup...it's gonna  be the only way to guarantee that you get what you want. And save the boxes if you buy a 4 pack -- he'll give you one free the next time you buy another 4 pack! You can't beat that deal :-)
5	I wish I could give them 10 stars!! Amazing cupcakes! Even better service! The owner, Shannon, personally took the time to assist me in surprising my hubby today for his birthday. He wanted the marshmallow fruity pebble one, they were delicious!! Highly recommend!!
5	I find it hard to believe that there are better cupcakes anywhere in the world.  Very fresh, very moist.  Flavors are dead on.  We have tried lots of different flavors.  Get crazy, they are all good.
5	Wow.. I never thought cupcakes would make me drive 20 minutes out of the way for. But these cupcakes are well worth it. I usually get 2 four packs for me and the family. I love the banana pudding and the boom boom biscoff. These cupcakes are a nice size, moist and delicious. You definitely have to try them. Like them on facebook and follow on twitter in order to see the daily menu and order in advanced.
5	I stopped by Mike's beverages on Park Road yesterday to grab a six pack of beer and ended up seeing this good truck outside of the store. Being an avid baker and huge sweet tooth, I decided to get the Blueberry French Toast cupcake. That may have been the best $3 ever spent. I let my boyfriend (not a fan of sweets) try a bite and he inhaled a whole half of the cupcake and said it was the best one he's ever tasted! Great service, people, and the most moist, delicious, and flavorful cupcake.
5	We came from LA where one of our missions was finding the best cupcakes. We found them here in Charlotte. These are unquestionably the best cupcakes we've ever had. The Coca-Cola one and Banana Pudding ones are ridic! The others, strawberry, chocolate, apple crisp, pumpkin, were all phenomenal too. Got them for a birthday party and they were a hit!
5	I live in St. Louis and recently used Cupcake Delirium to cater an event for a client in downtown Charlotte.  First and foremost, the cupcakes were amazing.  We ordered a large quantity, and each cupcake looked (and tasted) great.  Very original flavors and good icing.  The individual packaging makes the cupcakes an easy takeaway from an event, and ensures cleanliness.        I would also like to mention how much of a pleasure it was to work with Shannon.  She and her husband put forth a great deal of effort to make sure our event was a success.  If you are planning an event involving cupcake truck or caterer, I highly recommend partnering with Cupcake Delirium.  Delicious cupcakes that look great, affordable prices, and a business owner that communicates well and puts her customers first.
5	Honestly my friends and I LOVE cupcake delirium!  I have literally done u-turns in the middle of pecan! Not only are the cupcakes amazing but the owner is also one of the nicest people you will meet! Try a cupcake from this adorable food truck and it will change your life!
