4	A very small, but also very delightful and fairly new island of coffee goodness on George Street. Descend down a mini flight of stairs and find yourself faced with the temptation of moist, (there's no other word) bumper slices of carrot cake topped with thick, creamy icing - usually it's carrot cake 1, Cheryl's pathetic attempt at dieting resistance - nil. I came here straight after I ran the Edinburgh 10k run last year, and basically downed a slice of cake in one, probably not what most people do post fitness effort, but I enjoyed it.Word about the awesome food and coffee here has spread fast, so you're quite pushed to get a seat at peak times, such as lunch time or all day on weekends, but there is seating outside, which is handy. Lots of Edinburgh University students I've noted, but a mix of clientele really, as business people have taken to popping in here too. Wellington Coffee has a cool, relaxed feel to it, and is certainly a more attractive, stylish option than many of the coffee chains on the same street.
5	Oh, it all makes sense now! Everything slots together nicely. Here's me, thinking I'm going round Edinburgh finding all these coffee shops that serve amazing flat whites when it's so hard to come by, when in actual fact they're all owned by the same guy! I'm talking about this place, Kilimanjaro, Press Coffee and Project Coffee.However, that doesn't stop this place being my favourite of the bunch. I had a little chat with the barista (who is very friendly, by the way), and she was telling me about their quest to have great coffee shops in Edinburgh. Well, they're doing pretty well. The coffee here is tremendous.It's a sort of basement coffee shop, Wellington coffee. Which means if you sit by the window, you get a brilliant people watching spot onto the invariably busy George Street. Cool music too. I could spend all day every day here.
2	Hmmm... the other reviews here make me wonder if I was in an off day...The coffee was good, which tempts me to give it three stars.  But the staff weren't brilliant - a mixture of indifference and getting my order wrong isn't the way to win my coffee-lovin heart, especially when my husband is then charged for an order I've already paid for... but the sitting and drinking was, overall, quite pleasant.  It's a nice spot and sitting in the window is indeed good for people watching but my experience wasn't enough to make me a true devotee or even determined to try it again to see if it's better.
4	Good to see the Flat White in existence...I've been a regular for about a year now and I'm happy to know I'll get a good brew 9 times out of 10.
4	Great coffee ... go here instead of St*rb*cks
4	I'm really quite charmed by this little place. Little it is indeed. Tucked into a basement level space, with only a small amount of seating it's small but perfectly formed. I can't claim to be a conosieur of coffee. I know when I've had a really bad one, and I know when I've had a really good one, but I'm still not great at discerning the "good stuff" from the "great stuff". What I do know about Wellington Coffee is, first off, the cakes look delicious and handmade. Not a huge array, but they looked fresh and indulgent. Secondly, the staff were really friendly, genuine and warm. Winner. Thirdly, the coffee was really quite nice. Coffee wise, I can't do anything too strong, too dark or too nutty / porty. I like light and fruity, or at least smooth (I am a tea-drinker by nature). And the americano I had here was definitely smooth and, whilst rich, not sharp and didn't leave the bitter aftertaste. It was a fairly small cup, which I take at once to mean it was 'good' coffee (read: not a soup-bowl of s-bucks) but it did disappear quite quickly (again, as a tea drinker, I'm used to three cupfuls from a teapot in one sitting).It was really busy when I arrived at 1pm. People entered and then left when they realised there were no seats. But I stayed until 2.10pm and as if by magic, when I left it was empty.It's a lovely wee place, good java, delicious looking cakes, really friendly staff. Take the extra few steps away from Princes St to George St, skip the chains, and get some Edinburgh-brewed coffee here.
5	This is really a spectacular coffee shop.  It's unassuming, yet steeped in coffee lore.  Today, for example, I had a lovely Square Mile roast Red Brick espresso, followed by a Has Bean coffee roast Honduras Finca Santa.  These folk love coffee, and making good coffee.  They love you loving coffee even more.  While sipping and tasting I learned a little more about crema, about coffee settling a little after a roast, and a little more about single origin coffees.They're just as happy for me to walk in and say "flat white please" as they are "what special coffee do you have in your middle grinder today?".   Love it.
4	Really nice coffee and even better brownies.  The only downside is how small it is -- even waiting for a takeaway order can be awkward if it's busy in there.
5	the coffee is fab. all the friendly folk behind the machine have produced consistently excellent coffee. i relish the flat white (short, double shot latte) and trusty partner the capuccino. the coffee smells amazing, the flavours combine strength with delicacy, it's temperature-perfect, has luxuriously smooth milk and is all served up in a regular cup-size.all the baristas really know their art and clearly love their coffee. they're certainly doing the right thing by their supplier square mile and square mile by them.
4	Great coffee, great lcoation and great scones....! Simples :o)
4	Found Wellington Coffee through recommendations on a coffee blog and it did not disappoint. Very small place, in a central location, with just 10-15 seats or so indoors (there are same tables outside as well but since it is Scotland it means that most of the time those cannot be used anyway.). At Wellington they serve coffee from Square Mile so it is of course great coffee - the Synesso machine also ensures that the equipment is good enough. The times I've been there the people behind the machine have also know what they are doing. Had some excellent espressos and also good cortados here and actually think they are a notch above Artisan Roast. The downside here is that they do not offer any filter coffee - love places with a good selection of single origin filter coffees.I did also have the scones here and they were also good, not a reason in itself to visit but if here for the coffee and a bit hungry do try the scones as well. A minor annoyance was the service which was slightly arrogant and almost had an attitude of that they were doing you as a customer a favor for serving you. Still the coffee was good enough for me to go here several times during my last visit to Edinburgh.
3	I was passing this after eating in the Grassmarket and walking up and waiting for Caroline to do some shopping. I had seen a blog on Coffee in Edinburgh that rated this as the best coffee. IMHO that accolade belongs to Artisan Roast. I had a flat white, which had a good flavour but didn't quite hit the mark for me. The scones look really beautiful, but were disappointing.
4	Size of a closet, but the coffee is massively delicious. If you like a delicious take away coffee whilst shopping on Princes st/George st, look no further. p.s the scones look effing delicious, and are unique and
5	Coffee coffee.  Yay Yay.  Woo woo. Yes, place is super mini (they'd double the size of the place if they took out the loo), however coffee is top notch. Outside seating area if sun's yo' thang.Savoury and sweet scones available during my visit today and just looking at them helped load on the kg's... So I abstained and got a chocolate tiffin instead :p
5	It seems really difficult at the moment to find anywhere in Edinburgh that DOESN'T have Artisan Roast so Wellington Coffee is very refreshing in that it is breaking the mould.The space inside the cafe itself is tiny which could be struggle on a busy day but the coffee they have here is delicious! The scones......... oh man. They are a simple delight. Cheese and Bacon. They won my heart straight away. Staff seemed lovely, if maybe quite alot of them for such a small wee shop?!All in all. I love this place. This is a proper coffee shop. Amazing quality coffee and deliciously tempting cakes. If you can keep a business afloat on just that you must be doing it pretty damn well if you ask me.
5	I am a horrible judgemental bitch when it comes to coffee. This is most certainly not my favorite coffee PLACE because it's tiny and it's in New Town and it's crazy expensive and it doesn't have my favorite people in the world working there like some other places do, but I will fully and completely admit that this is, with almost no doubt, my favorite coffee in the whole damn city. End of. (Louise, did I say that right?)
5	Oh Wellington, how i wish you were bigger.How i wish i didn't have to prepare myself to lunge, dive, and otherwise initiate world war 3 in an attempt to park my bum on a seat. But y'know what?So worth it.MY usual flat white order is smooth and sweet (with no added sugar), and always presented beautifully in a way which i have tried (and failed miserably) to recreate myself. Artists and coffee connoisseurs, then. Oh, and these Scones are the best in Edinburgh, and tied with Kember and Jones glasgow as the best scones i've had the privilege of scoffing.Its in a perfect wee central location too. i just wish it were double the size!!
4	This is a lovely little place serving exquisitely strong coffee (I do love a strong coffee!!) and the tastiest cheese and bacon scone I've ever had! I was fortunate to get a table seat and as i was by myself didn't mind sharing the table, as clearly there are no riff raff allowed in here! ;) I wish it was bigger but I guess it would lose some of its charm. I wish it did more food, but it's a frickin coffee shop..! I don't know what's stopping me giving them 5 stars. I want to, i do, but I feel like I need to test them out more. Will definitely be back! The cute guy serving the coffee might have helped...:)
5	Brilliant little coffee place, as soon as you walk in you can smell amazing coffee and see delicious cakes. So much better than all the chain places you can easily fall in to!! And much better value for money.
3	I went here when I first got to Edinburgh for a quick coffee and while it was a good coffee, I wasn't blown away by it. Good, but not amazing. The cafe isn't really designed for staking out a table, which it totally understandable as they don't really have the room for a lot of seating. They also only offer a few select pastries. A good place to grab a coffee on the go with a great location on George Street. We also found that the staff wasn't particularly friendly. Not rude, but definitely some sort of coffee snobbery, which is becoming far too common these days. It is very hip in its own right, but not really my scene. Although, probably the best coffee in the area compared to all the chains. It is nice there is a independent coffee shop around there.
5	With it's retro interior, although small and dinky, it's one of favourite coffee stops in the city.Not the best pace to have long discussions with your friends - but it does have devine massive scones!  The coffee is by square mile and is always well tasty!It does get rather busy with the toilet as it is a unisex and the only one!  The staff aren't that chatty but not rude.  Friendly but don't really start a conversation.  On a sunny, warm day grab a seat on the terrace and you can stretch out a little more!
4	I'm a bit of a coffee snob, and this place has great coffee. It is small and not really the place to go if you want a seat or want to hang out in for a while. I also have mixed feelings about the service. However the quality of the coffee makes up for it.
4	Cramped but cozy space for a quality espresso. A couple tables to squeeze around (and more outside if the weather suits!) plus a few bar height window seats for convenient people watching... SINCE the space is a few steps down youre at knee level and no passers-by suspect a watching eye! They have a selection of about 4-5 pastries in the morning that are fine but nothing to rave about. Sweet scones come with clotted cream and jam, the usual croissant suspects, carrot cake and a savory scone (on my visit it was cheddar and bacon, which is to say its a plain yeasty scone with a bit of the two laid overtop and browned).
4	Ooh but it's so DINKY! I've been meaning to try Wellington Coffee out for... oh, a while, so it was with great delight that I accepted an invitation to meet someone for coffee here one morning this week.I rolled up at the allotted time, 8:30, and there was plenty of room to sit (well, proportionately to the amount of seating in general, which isn't a whole bundle because, I repeat, DINKY). And the seat was one of those super-fun stools that has legs but also swivels - a spinning top part that allows you to go "wheeeeeeee" if you so desire (and I do so desire).As you know by now, I'm not a coffee person, so I asked rather bashfully for a tea and received No Judgement. This is good. I have fear of asking for tea in a coffee shop. It seems almost as gauche as asking for coffee in a teashop (almost, but not quite). Anyway, judgement was not forthcoming.I also requested an almond croissant. It was fairly big. I began my bold ascent armed with nothing but a knife; some days later, short of breath in the thin air, I reached the summit. Wearily, I sat down at last on the mirror-like slope of a crisped almond flake, looking down at the city, spread out below me like a town in miniature. There was St Giles, there, and over there - the Meadows, dotted with people like tiny seeds. What a beautiful town this is.
5	A cute little coffee place that you easily miss when you're not looking. The wooden interior and small tables make it a nice place to sit down. Both the coffee and scones are among the best in Edinburgh.
4	Small cafe underneath Penhaligons. Consistently good coffee with personal service (unlike Costa and the rest). Intimate courtyard which just about shields the traffic noise. Sometimes struggle to get a seat but worth it when you do.
5	This is the best coffee I had while I was in Edinburgh, a real treat. Pay a visit to this quaint yet distinctive coffee shop.  On your way there walk right past the Starbucks on the very opposite corner, and enjoy.
4	Cute, tiny interior. Good coffee as well, but let me tell ya: their scones are INCREDIBLE. A cute find that's worth popping in for if you know about it!
5	Nice coffee. Great chilling place locating just below Penhaligon's. Go check this place out if you are around. The place is tiny so be patient to get seated. Always full of customers.
3	At 4.50 quid, a bit pricey for carrot cake and an espresso. But the cake is amazing, so moist and sense and rich and oh my gosh. It's a tiny place, just a few short steps into a basement but liked the wood paneling. Just a few seats squeezed inside.
