3	Greasy breakfasts and poutine with smoked meat - that's why we stop into La Belle Province.  Also, it's proximity to La Carrefour Laval makes it an ideal pit stop before a shopping frenzy.I discovered this location of the chain La Belle Province a few years ago when we were in town for a friend's wedding.  We had to run to the mall to pick up a few things we forgot to pack and thought we'd swing in for a quick pre-wedding poutine.   Now it's just part of the La Carrefour routine.I ordered the large poutine with smoked meat ($7.99) while others ordered the hot chicken sandwich, breakfast with 2 eggs and the club sandwich with fries.  To our surprise, there's a small patio attached with a few tables and umbrellas.  Sure, the scenery isn't that impressive - suburban houses and industrial parkway - but it was nice to eat our greasy diner food outdoors.Staff is always friendly and willing to accommodate food allergies.  Food is diner quality but good in a pinch.
4	Ok so i'm going to  go ahead and say that I don't see how Montreal has the best poutine...Yeah, it's their drunken invention but I've had better poutine in Toronto. That being said, this cute little place is just adorable. Diner style layout, with an old school over the counter menu. No I could not read it but the lovely staff helped me out. They were all super super nice. I got $5, a smoked meat sandwich and a poutine. They told me I couldn't finish it...But I did one better, finished it, went to a wedding reception and ate them out of business too. So SUCKKK IIITTT, Montreal.Poutine was good but the gravy too light and watery. Actual fries were to die for though, crispy  on the outside and so soft and fluffy on the inside. PROPS.Sandwich was tiiinnyyy tiny tiny, some mustard on it, but the meat was spectacular. I bit into it and had an unnoticeable coma/heart stop thing? Yums and a half, even though I was expecting mind blowing poutine.
4	There are many Belle Provinces in the Montreal / Laval region. In fact, I have 3 of them within a 2 km radius from my house. Yet, this one in particular plays the part of a fairy tale.The key words are : "just right" The poutine sauce is "just right". The meat sauce is "just right". The hamburgers, the hot dogs, the fries are "just right".This is special since many Bell Provinces and the variety of the namesake consistently fail in providing delicious food, on a CONSISTENT basis.The service is lightning fast and amicable and the prices are extremely affordable.
