5	Yeah, I'm a girl. I frickin' love shoes.  I just hate seriously shopping for shoes.  If I'm browsing, then it's no problem, but when on a mission, it's a pain in the feet.I stopped by this DSW before Christmas to look at the new Sketchers Shape-Ups and found a huge selection.  Using my phone (and the awesome bar code scanner apps) I easily ensured they had the best price.  So 2 (that's right, count 'em TWO) parse of shoes later, I walked out a VERY happy camper.Sadly, I bought a somewhat defective pair, just a little loose bit on the sole, but for the amount I paid, I want a new pair.  Here's where DSW really started to shine.  I went in tonight, and showed the staff, they had NO problem. Sadly, they didn't have the size I needed in the color I wanted, but the employee who was helping me called their other stores, and then gave me advice on how to get the shoes replaced.  She even told me how I could get free shipping if I ordered the replacements online.Other retailers could really take notice, DSW just earned all my shoe budget for a long time to come!
5	Love shoes. Love not having to bug someone to find my size. Love the discounts and coupons.
5	i love this place! love that i can find uber cute strappy leather sandals in a teal color and on sale in their clearance section for $20. i'm all about snagging good deals on shoes. holla!
4	Super HUGE shoe warehouse-no lie! Prices are decent, great selection to choose from, no pesky salespeople hovering over you, yet they're available when you need them. Got in and out in 10 minutes (I HATE shoe shopping!!) and got on with my life! The only reason I dropped them one star is because at the register, they hound you for your name, address, AND phone number. Ugh. I like you guys, but not THAT much!
4	I like DSW. I like to find the bargains in the back.The only thing that is bad is that when you check out they want a lot of information. They could probably get by with just a zip code.
5	I LOVE DSW!!! Seriously the best place to find shoes. They have all the name brands that are in the department stores but at prices that are way less. The current season stuff starts at about 20% lower price but when you shop the clearance you can find great shoes for up to 80% off. They even have couture designers online now and you can occasionally find these in the clearance section b/c they were returned at the store. I just got a pair of Gucci heels for $85.  Freaking awesome!This particular location has a friendly and competent staff. They rarely have long lines at the checkout and they have a very loose return policy. Plenty of parking and it is conveniently located close to Chandler mall. There is a video game store next door where I send my husband to wait so he doesn't get bored and impatient (and also so he can't see how much I spent ;0)
4	I must admit, I love shoes and DSW is the place to shop!  They have a huge selection, friendly staff (but not pushy at all), and great prices.  What I have found most impressive, is if they don't have the size or color I was looking for, they are more than helpful in calling other locations to see if it's available- customer service!
5	For those of the shoe-addicted variety, DSW is your heaven.  Almost any type of shoe you want can be found.  Black patent leather flats?  No problem.  Formal strappy wedding shoes?  Also no problem since I got mine from a DSW!  I love their clearance section.  You can pick up some really good deals for shoes that are still very fashionable.  I got 40% off of some black leather riding boots today in the clearance section even though they were selling the exact same model and color for their regular price in the boots area of the store.  Service is exceptional at this store, from the cashier at the counter to the manager on duty.  All in all, a good place to feed your shoe addiction.
5	I have a DSW problem...In the last 6 weeks I've bought 6 pairs of shoes, all from DSW. I'm one trip away from a shoeaholics anonymous meeting.The Chandler DSW is big...Great selection, and the prices are great. Specifically, the clearance section is awe inspiring. A lot of the shoes I've bought have been off the clearance rack, with deep discounts (40-60%). The staff is friendly and helpful, and they're willing to go the extra mile if need be. I really loved a certain color scheme in some Nike runners that they didn't have, so they called around to all their other stores, found one, had it put on hold and it was waiting for me when I got there. That's service that's not typically associated with a store featuring the word "Warehouse" in their name.They carry popular brands (Nike, Puma, Cole Haan, Creative Recreation, Penguin), as well as some random brands that you won't find everywhere. I got a great pair of grey suede slip ons from a label I've never heard of, but they're awesome and comfortable. It's all you can ask for.I recommend going, but you better just start writing a DSW line into your monthly budget. Go once and you'll be back.
5	Unless you walk bare foot, wear real animal skins and carry a club, I'm sure you've been to DSW.  Prices, style selection, colors, sizes...we can agree they just about have it all.  What happened in the past two days is the reason for this review: Excellent Service!  I stopped by yesterday to buy a handbag for a birthday gift but was confused about the pricing "online vs. in-store."  The associate at the counter not only assured me the pricing is the same but walked to the handbag area with me, showing me that the bags have more than one tag.  Then we struck up a conversation on which would be  the best choice.  Since I couldn't make up my mind, I left empty handed - returning today with my husband for men's shoes.  Lo and behold, the same associate was there asking if I needed any help with my gift decision, just as pleasantly and professionally as she did the day before!!  Shortly after, the associate working in the men's shoe department stopped by.  He answered a "color" question (navy blue that absolutely looked black) and brought my husband a shoe horn!  Service is no small thing in my book and being remembered is amazing!  I'm going back again tomorrow...I forgot to look at the clearance section.
3	Go straight to the clearance racks.  They have really great deals sometimes.  I've been spoiled by great sales, so I don't buy things that are not damn near 50% off.  The service is always nice and friendly here.  The selection is pretty ok.
4	Clearance heaven. I've found some steals at this location. I'm not usually one to spend a large amount of money on shoes so I scope out the sale racks before I'll head into the full priced shoes. I'm rarely disappointed in their selection and find the customer service to be quite good.Sign up for their mailing list and you will get coupons that will help ease the pain your wallet feels upon checkout.
1	BEWARE. Make sure your shoes fit perfectly before you leave the store because even though their staff smile and seem friendly when you walk in the store, good luck trying to find good customer service, especialy if you try and return them. The manager told me to find a custom shoe business and see if I can have them stetched out . I'll proably just find a new place to spend my money. My suggestion --don't even waste.your money here.
5	Shoes! Omg...shoes....Love this place. The staff here has always been nice, and helpful. Great selection of designers, decent prices (especially on sale items), and something for everyone for every occasion.
4	I really love this store and it is both a curse and a blessing that it is so far from me, or else I'd be there every weekend. I am a woman cursed with large feet, so it's difficult finding comfortable and stylish shoes in my size. When I walk in I go straight to the clearance section because I always find something for a great price. They have every style of shoe you could possibly look for and they have a nice selection of purses and wallets.
5	The staff at this location are the nicest people I have ever encountered. Having been to DSW stores all over the country, I say the staff at this location are amazing. Customer service doesn't get any better!
5	The Dude says that DSW is a French word for "Men's Hell". I call DSW "shoe porn" Heaven. . . . So I just go by myself. ;) You can find all those lovely designer shoes for a good percentage off what you'd pay in other stores. And don't forget that clearance rack. I've found $150+ Guess wedges and other beautiful shoes for $50 and UNDER. Fantastic condition, too.Friendly, helpful associates. Don't hesitate to ask for help. I had one lady pull a different size for me on an awesome pair of Kelly and Katie flats that weren't available on the floor. Make sure you're a rewards member, because those triple points come in handy. And that ever coveted birthday coupon! Enter at your own risk. No jokes.
1	Disappointed! Received a Christmas gift that was the wrong size, unable to find something I care for to replace it. The customer service reps were very helpful, but follow you through the store. I felt a little pressured to purchase which made me uncomfortable. In the end I could not find anything I liked and was only able to get a store credit. Since the stock is depleted from Christmas I hope I can back to find something later to use the credit. I will not purchase from them in the future.
