4	Up just opened in the space that formerly housed Walnut Grill and is just what Walnut Street has been missing.  The decor is simple and crisp, but not sterile: white washed brick walls, complemented by cozy leather seating along the walls.  The cuisine follows suit.  As he had at Pangea, Chef DeLuca really lets natural flavors shine with uncomplicated, though still interesting, preparations.  Our skillet cornbread was moist, light, filled with corn and sat on top of perfectly proportioned layer of creamy corn bisque.  My husband's duck confit was earthy and rich without being too heavy.  For our mains, we both got fish, as we never met a piece of seafood we didn't like at Pangea.  I had the halibut, which was cooked perfectly, sat on a bed of risotto made with squid ink (one of the better flavors I have tasted) and was also accompanied by bright and fresh broccolini.  The flavors were excellent together.  My husband had the pintado fish, which was similarly well executed.  The only miss was a Caesar salad, which sounded quite a bit more interesting on the menu.  (Of course, most people don't order a Caesar wanting anything all that groundbreaking.)Perhaps most impressive was the service, especially given that it was the first night that Up was open to the public.  Our server was very well informed about the menu, she checked in at appropriate times to see whether we were enjoying our meals and to refresh our beverages, and the courses were very well timed.  I have never gone to a restaurant in its first week and had service as good.  One of the owners also visited and asked us our thoughts on the menu, pricing, etc.  (He didn't push too much; we were clearly engaged.)All in all a great experience and I will certainly be back.
5	Currently the best restaurant in Pittsburgh.This place is interesting and original and the food is amazing!  It's exactly what Walnut Street, and Shadyside in general has been missing.  The menu is very diverse and creative.  I love that you can get multiple courses with the "bites" and "small plates" taste a bunch of stuff and not spend too much money. The bar is a really great place to hang out with friends, and the custom drinks are awesome with lots of fresh fruit.  I'm very very happy this has moved into my neighborhood!PS save room for dessert, the flourless chocolate cake is to die for!
4	Well, I thought Walnut Grill was terrible and boring so I'm glad it was revamped. The new restaurant is nothing at all like Walnut Grill, and that's a good thing!I was actually expecting to be disappointed here, but I totally wasn't! We split a bunch of small plates and I adored just about all of them. The Peri-Peri Wings were super juicy and tender with a spicy Masala-esque sauce and a side of Raita for dipping instead of bleu cheese or ranch. Also loved the Habanero Relleno...and I'm normally not a big fan of stuffed peppers. It came with a big slab of smoked meat (I forget what it was...but it was super fatty and amaaaazing). The fries with truffle mayo were right up there vying with all the best fries in Pittsburgh, and actually tasted almost identical to the widely loved version found at Meat & Potatoes. Finally, the Caprese Salad was fresh and just short of perfect--not enough mozzarella, too much tomato. But, I'm also a Caprese addict (I make it for myself at least once a week), so my preference is just cheese-centric. We finished with a honey polenta for dessert, and it was the only thing that totally lacked in presentation (looked like a plate of mush) but it certainly didn't let me down in flavor.So color me impressed, Up. The food was actually very reminiscent of Root 174, which is one of my favorite places to eat in the city. BUT...I have one complaint and one complaint only. What's up with the pricing on the main courses?! The small plates (of which there is a large variety) are all reasonable in price and you can definitely make a good meal of them, as we did. But the mains seemed a little too pricey to me. Nothing sounded amazing enough that I would consider paying $30+ a plate for it. Most of the other New American places in the city, including M&P, Cure, Root 174, and Salt offer slightly cheaper options with more creative ingredients. This place has a very down-to-earth and casual atmosphere that doesn't jive with paying $28 for halibut or $36 for filet mignon.Still, this place has a ton of potential and I already have a craving for those awesome wings. I hope this place gets more attention because I honestly hadn't heard of it at all until I noticed their sign. Definitely a welcome addition to the neighborhood and a solid attempt at making the yuppiest street in Pittsburgh a little bit more cool.
3	Overpriced, but decent menu...halibut was great, the inky risotto a bit overwhelming (and dangerous to spill!).....good beer list, not so salad: why can't real ripe tomatoes be served in summer? Good service...Not a place to go regularly if you are on a budget... Portions are a little small ...this coming from my 99 lb other half ;) but that leaves room for spending more on decent deserts...
5	What a great Pittsburgh dining experience.I am a born and raised Pittsburgh girl who has been living in New York City since 2006, and I can honestly say the food here most definitely compares to any great dining experience in Manhattan. It is so wonderful to see some eclectic, creative menus popping up in Pittsburgh and I truly enjoyed this aspect of Up Modern Kitchen; great menu and well priced for its offerings. It took me nearly twenty minutes to decide what I wanted to eat because I was so overjoyed by such appealing and mouth watering options!Before being seated, I sat at the very relaxed and modern looking bar and started with a pear-vodka type-cocktail that was DELICIOUS and maybe my new favorite drink. The bartender was friendly & informative about the drink menu, but not overbearing; the perfect type of service.After being seated and finally making up my mind for food choices, I decided on the heirloom tomato salad as an appetizer. So delicious, summery and refreshing that I probably could have eaten two! It was served with some very fresh buffalo mozzarella and a balsamic reduction; an updated and tastier twist on the blah and boring "basil, tomato, mozzarella" dish. I loved it!For my entree, I had the sauteed chicken with gnocchi and caponata. Usually chicken can be dull, but I loved everything about the way this dish was prepared. Not to mention, the chicken itself was cooked PERFECTLY--very juicy and tender. The gnocchi was freshly made in house and the caponata was the perfect compliment to everything; the white balsamic in it added a touch of sweetness that I really liked with the chicken.The non-cellar wines were all half price, which was a great addition to the evening.Overall: fantastic experience, great service and a fantastic addition to the growing Pittsburgh "foodie" scene.P.S. I noticed there is an intensely negative review on here from someone who didn't even TRY THE FOOD. Perhaps next they can write lengthy, detailed reviews for films they have only seen the previews for?
5	this is EXACTLY the kind of place I want in Shadyside.  I'm a business traveler who frequents the east coast, and this is what dining is and should be.  Great apps, interesting small plates, and large plates.  I don't know many people that sit down at a restaurant and only want one thing....the innovative menu gives you the flexibility to choose multiple items.  The prices are absolutely reflective of the quality and taste.  If you think this is overpriced, you're used to the "2 for $20" AppleBee's quality of food.  I sat at the bar, and had the pleasure of having Christopher as my bartender and server.  Having waited tables for 6+years, I can tell you that he was incredibly professional and HONEST about recommendations.  This is definitely where i HAVE to eat!
4	The old Walnut Grill has been recreated into a modern atmosphere.  Gone are the warm wood tones and in are the grey and steel.  It's not a bad thing, a fresh look is needed when you take over a well known place.  We happened to come upon this place on a Wednesday night.  Why mention the day of the week you ask?  Because it was half off bottle of wine night!  Score!  So of course we picked the cheapest Malbec and had a nice little time with our $15 bottle o' wine!  The menu looked pretty good, with some tempting dishes, so I went with the Cioppino.  It came out with massive pieces of shrimp, clams, mussels and halibut nestled in the middle.  The thing that really made the dish was the spicy tomato broth.  It tasted awesome with the whole dish and throw in the garlic crostini to soak up the sauce was awesome!  At $23 it was well worth it for the amount of seafood you get!  I'd for sure stop in again, probably on a Wednesday because this girl likes a deal... and some wine!
3	The wait staff was very nice and attentive. The owner even came over to say hello and make sure everything was ok. We had the crab tacos. Save your money. The shells were greasy and not much taste at all. We also each had a salad. Caesar and the strawberry. It was ok but nothing great. A little flavorless. We shared the pasta bolognese which was very good.
2	I was so hopeful for this place especially their happy hour. Unfortunately their signature drinks are awful. We tried 4 different ones between the three of us and each one was worse than the last. They are all overly sweet and virtually undrinkable....even the spicy jalapeno one was sweet. We went on to try 3 of the apps. The corn bread is fine but no better than what you could make out of a jiffy box at home. The meatball was literally a flavorless ball of ground beef and the fries were just french fries. The drinks and apps being what they were we had no interest in staying for more. On the upside the service was excellent and the space was fun.
4	The name of the restaurant holds true upon entering it. You are immediately taken into a warm and modern atmosphere after walking Up (Ha pun!) the steps. I loved how for almost everyday they have something different going on whether it's half off bottles of wine or blood mary specials on Sunday! I got the crab tacos which were over flowing with delicious fresh jumbo lump crab! I also got the carne asada stuffed burger served with delicious and fresh french fries, it was super! Definitely recommend this restaurant whether for lunch or dinner!
3	I never ate at Walnut Grill but according to my friends the facelift the space received for Up Modern Kitchen was a good move. I arrived to meet my friends for lunch. We ordered the corn bread and coincidentally enough we all ordered the duck tacos. I expected the corn bread to be just piles of cut corn bread on a plate but the appetizer was plated well and was utensil necessary. The duck tacos as well had some nice plating skills applied and were devoured well by all of us. The waitress while nice was a little spacey and was not able to be found at the end of our meal but the host made up for her shortcomings and made the experience end well. I teetered between a 3 and 4 star but will have to come back to validate the additional star. Up Modern Kitchen's lunch menu is just a wee bit more than I'd like to pay for lunch and also I do but I don't get them staring every protein on their menu with the warning of consuming raw meat
5	This used to be Walnut Grill, and I am so glad it has changed. The food, drinks, and atmosphere here are great. I sat at a table on the bar side, and the decor was modern and inviting. At the owner's suggestion, we had the cornbread bites and crab tacos for apps, and then the halibut and jambalaya for our entrees. The scallops in the jambalaya was cooked perfectly, and everything had great flavor. I could have eaten a whole pan of the cornbread. For dessert we had the creme brulee and the flourless chocolate cake, both amazing. I highly recommend checking this place out. They have a good drink happy hour which I would like to try next time too. This is a great upgrade to Shadyside!
4	A friend of mine told me about Up Modern. He told me about a review on yelp where a reviewer gave it 1 star without even trying the food.  I thought that was pretty ridiculous.  But yep, I came here and saw Zach S.'s review..  At least try the food so we can know whether it's good or not.  It's a restaurant after all.  Not a club.  But anyways.  I came here recently.  I walked in and was greeted by a nice fellow.  He brought me upstairs where I was nicely greeted by another guy.I tried their scallop dishes and their meatloaf burger.  The scallops were in some kind of cheesy rice thing that I didn't care for but the scallops itself was pretty tasty.  The meatloaf burger was awesome.  It was pretty huge.  I also like their fries.  Nicely salted and has a crispiness to it.  Price was expected.  Obviously, I didn't come here expecting to eat at an Eat'n Park.I didn't like how dim it was in there.  I'm getting old man.  Light the place up.  I saw many people using their phone to light up the menu.  I do like their tables.  Nice and spacious.  We sat next to the window looking out to the street.  I like that it wasn't cramp.  There were nice open walking space.  The waiters were nice.  They were very attentive.  As for the infamous atmosphere, I thought it was fine.  I'm not that picky with atmosphere though.  The staff was nice, the place was clean, and the food was good.  I'm a happy camper.  I'd give it another shot.
2	Some friends invited us out to Shadyside on a Friday night and little did I know they had no reservations for the place they intended to take us. I should have known that at 7pm on a Friday night an establishment that has no wait what so ever might be suspect. Well I should have trusted my instincts.  No wait on a Friday night whats up with that ???Well this place was pretty weak in all areas. The service was horrid and I felt that it wasn't worth the %18 gratuity that was already added to the bill. I couldn't believe that from the time the appetizers came out to the time we received our food it took over 1 hour! and to top it off no one acknowledged that it took so long. I order the skillet cornbread appetizer, which was ridiculously small and although it was tasty was by no means worth the $8 they charged for it. It was simply a 2in by 2in piece of cornbread that had no sort of culinary twist put on it, it was just that, a boring piece of cornbread with some stupid garnish on top of it, sorry that didn't make it any better people. Then I ordered the cioppino which was a joke, the sauce that contained the clams and mussels was about as bland as a sauce I have ever tasted and I even think the mussels were slightly under cooked and puny on top of it. The special lady got the sauteed chicken  which she said tasted really good but was a very unsatisfying small piece of chicken after waiting for over 1 HOUR! I don't think I would come back here again even for a cocktail. The price to quality and quantity ratio was way off, too expensive for the mediocre food.
3	I ended up on Walnut Street in Shadyside earlier this week looking for a bite to eat and haphazardly came across recently opened: ^Up Modern Kitchen (It's in the space where Walnut Grill used to be). If you had ever been to Walnut Grill, you'll notice some similarities, mainly the same general floor plan. Other than that it has a completely fresh and urban yet retro feel inside.String pendant lights fill the stairwell, large sliding barn doors directing you to either: "eat up" or "drink up", greet you at the top of the stairs, and simple tea towels from Ikea are used as napkins. Both my dining companion and I commented on how nice the space looked and felt.The menu is 2 sides, one for an extensive speciality drink and wine list and one for the food made up of 6 sections: bites (2-3 "bites" of something), soup & salads, small plates (appetizers), sandwiches, plates (main courses), and desserts.Considering the simple decor and feel of the place, I thought the price points would be slightly lower. I didn't do a deep dive into the menu and order several bites and small plates like I wanted, but went with a menu go-to: meatloaf. Only this meatloaf was made with short rib and came as a sandwich with a fried egg and pickled onions on top.I was terribly excited for this dish because I LOVE meatloaf. And was briefly disappointed when it arrived due to how sad the plate looked. Sandwiches come with fries but they were seriously the saddest looking skinny fries I've ever seen. Plus they were cold and over-cooked. The sandwich made up for that sadness though. I skipped the top of the bun and attacked it as an open-faced sandwich with a knife and fork (it's beach season, people!). While the "put an egg on it" trend doesn't seem to be dying anytime soon, it was a nice touch to this sandwich. And was cooked nicely with the yolk running just enough to not overpower any bite.My dining companion had a lobster and shrimp rock roll. I thought it was going to be served in grilled, top-split bun. Wrong. It was like a crispy grilled hot dog bun that was split apart and topped with lightly dressed big chunks of shrimp and lobster. This "sandwich" was also accompanied by those sad, sad fries. It was good. That is all.While I wasn't blown away by the sandwiches I sampled, I do want to go back and get several of the small plates and bites, as those seem to be big hits.
2	My friends and I had intended to go to Shadygrove downstairs for their half priced wine special and for dinner, but it was pretty crowded this evening.  They initially said the wait was 20-30 minutes so we decided to wait, but while we were waiting the staff kept trying to talk us in to going to the restaurant upstairs called "Up" which originally I had thought was part of the same restaurant and that "Up" was more of a directional sign than an indication of a separate restaurant.  Once it was explained that it had another fancier menu we took a look, but it looked a bit overpriced and fancy for the casual dinner we were looking for.  And it was concerning that downstairs was packed while upstairs was empty, despite their pleas for people to go up there.  The staff were persistent in trying to talk us into it.  Finally I said, well how about you bring some appetizer samples and that might entice us.  The owner actually agreed to this and after about 15 minutes he came down with some ratatouille on mini toasts that was much like a bruschetta.  It was decent, but all it consisted of was some marinated vegetables on toast.  I tried to find the item on the menu and it was not there.  I eventually figured out it was part of a portabella/mozzarella/ratatouille appetizer but they left out the portabella and mozzarella and only gave us the cheaper ratatouille.  I found this to be rather tacky, especially since I intended to try it to figure out if I really wanted to go to the restaurant or not, but this was not a representative appetizer.  We still wanted to go to Shady Grove but it turned out the wait was actually going to be much longer than originally estimated.  As a result, we finally gave in and went to "Up" upstairs.  We ordered a $32 of Malbec red wine at half off, which was a good deal for half off though $32 was overpriced for that particular wine (and this was one of the cheaper priced ones).  In fact, the menu listed it as a "2010" vintage but they brought us a "2011" and they spilled some on the tablecloth and menu while pouring.  I ordered the Bolognese pasta for dinner for $24 and it tasted just ok and was a decent portion, but the quality was certainly not worth $24.  There was a decent amount of meat but the pasta texture was off (a little chewy/undercooked) and while the sauce was ok it tasted like it came form a can/jar rather than homemade.  It also wasn't a traditional italian Bolognese (meatballs instead of a meat sauce and an unusual choice for the pasta type, not sure of the name for it), though it didn't claim to be the traditional version.  And no offering of Parmesan cheese to top it off.  I've had much better pasta at Olive Garden for cheaper.  Although it was kind of an interesting variant on the traditional Bolognese.  Also, for $24 you might expect some salad, soup or bread included with your entree, but there was nothing but a very thin and small slightly burnt toast crisp on the plate.  One of my friends had a burger for around $12 which he said was good, but the fries were cold and soggy.  Another friend had a "small plate" of crab tacos also around $12 but it came with 3 of the tiniest tacos I had ever seen (barely bitesize) though she said they tasted good. The presentation of the food was nice and probably their best feature.  Service was fine but nothing stood out. The owner did check up on us once but he seemed bored with so many empty tables.  The decor/ambiance has an odd blend of casual features with a fancier atmosphere and the music choice didn't fit well with the ambiance.
4	I've eaten a few times at Up since it opened under its new name and have not been disappointed.  I recently went with friends on 1/2 price wine Wednesdays, which I would suggest taking advantage of if you want to try to restaurant and are looking to save a few dollars on drinks.  Their wine list included some unique bottles that are very fairly priced, especially on Wednesdays.  I recently had the scallops with risotto small plate and thoroughly enjoyed the preparation and flavors.  The squash risotto was not overwhelming and was perfectly creamy.  The scallops were perfectly cooked and simply prepared with salt and pepper.  I tried a taste of my friend's romaine salad and it, too, was tasteful.  The service was very good and the owner/manager came over to our table to check in on us to make sure that everything was to our liking.  Overall, great dining experience.  The Shadyside dining scene needed a lift and Up could be the answer.
2	We went for a late afternoon lunch so the restaurant was not busy. So, you would think the food would be quick to be served. Not the case. In fact we waited over 30 minutes for sandwiches (noting too complex) and nothing came. We even asked the waiter where the sandwiches were and he said they would be right out, but I don't know when or what day he meant.  So we left......I can't tell you how the food is as we never got any!   I also feel that this is not an improvement from when it was the Walnut Grill, which was fine as it was.  If it "ain't broken, don't fix it".
1	11/23/2012I dined with a group of friends at the Up restaurant.  We were all disappointed in the quality and quanity of the food.  I informed the waiter that I was disappointed and he was going to inform the manager.The waiter nor the manager ever came to the table to hear my compliant.  If they hadn't added the tip to the bill he would have never had received one.  Everyone complained about the portions and the service.  I ordered a salad for my dinner and you would swear it was a child's portion that was over priced.  The group of twelve left hiungry and very dissatified.  I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone,  You're better off going to the Red Lobster.
2	Meh.  We were able to get a reservation to Up, but when we arrived, we found that we did not need it because the place was practically empty for dinner around 6pm.  The decor was sparse and was bright, but they did bring the lights down about halfway through the meal.  It had a nice urban/modern look, but if the restaurant were full, it  may have been loud when full and with the music.  Up did not feel as crowded as other restaurants in the area.  I appreciate that they laid out the floor plan in a logical way instead of a 'let's see how many tables we can cram in here'-way.Our server was kind, attentive and informed about the menu.  The service was the best part of the meal.We got Pate for an appetizer.  It was okay with interesting flavors, but I wouldn't get it again.  I had the Bolognese and my partner had ravioli.  The pasta was slightly undercooked.  My portion was adequate, but the ravioli portion was small.  They were both 'Meh' too.  I thought there was a lot of sweet flavors incorporated into a meal I expect to be more savory.  The presentation for the pate wasn't very good, but the others were presented better, but not to a level that one would consider elegant.  There wasn't anything bad about the food, but it just wasn't good either.   Needless to say, despite the portion size, our plates were left about half full and we didn't bother with a to-go box.  Although we usually get dessert, based on the appetizer and the meal, our expectations were too low.  They were transitioning to a new menu at our visit, so perhaps the chef hasn't refined the menu yet.
4	Excellent food and drinks. We've been here twice and had great service and good food each time. Would be five stars if the prices were a bit less expensive for the food.
3	I came here for my birthday dinner on Sunday and had a pretty good experience. I was not impressed with the cocktail menu, but the upgrades to the venue are great. With regard to the food, almost all of it was great. Our soups were both delicious (although very filling), and my salmon was also very good. My friend's trout was extremely undercooked however - to the point where he sent it back. This was his first time ever sending a dish back to the kitchen. I do realize, though, that things like that will happen at almost every restaurant at one time or another, and the way the restaurant handles the situations says a lot. They were very apologetic and without question, replaced his dish and removed both dishes from our bill. All of the other dishes, including the dessert, were great, and the waitstaff was almost very accomodating without being overwhelming.
3	A nice looking restaurant on the second floor, the food is good but nothing to call home about. My choices: Risotto - undercooked and tough to chew, but edible and flavored well.Brocollini - tasted ok! Pasta - mediocre, just plain with average tomato sauce. Almost anyone could have made this dish at home in a few minutes.Burnt almond cake - a scrumptious dessert, the best part of the meal. I mean, it's hard to make something sweet go wrong.Up - a place that could still go up some more.
4	We were looking for a new restaurant to try out over the holidays while our family was in town.  Up was a newish restaurant in Shadyside and we found the entire experience very enjoyable.  The server was attentive but respectful of the fact that we were catching up with family.  The food was pretty good too.  Nothing incredible but everything we had was quite good and the whole table pretty much finished their plates.  I am typically critical of restaurants but I would go back to Up for another wonderful meal.
4	We came here a few days before Christmas for brunch.  We had dippy eggs and kielbasa and an omelette with goat cheese and mushrooms.  We also had unlimited Bloody Marys, which are an unbeatable deal.  Food was quite good and, frankly, than that at many a New York brunch places.  The waiter was friendly and helpful.  The old man playing music is something else too. Would come back...
4	I love the feel of this place! The floor to ceiling windows with the coveted corner sitting area, dim candle lighting, perfectly chosen art/phrases and my favorite music? Totally a fan. We didn't get to try any of the food but my boo was pretty impressed with the drinks. Being the dd that night I was limited to water, iced tea and a soft drink, but that's okay. The bartender was nice and the atmosphere felt casual yet impressive. When we go back next time, I'll write a review on the drinks and food.
2	Wow.  And not in a good way.  J and I came in on a Friday night around 6.  There were several tables finishing their meals and several large tables that were still on drinks.  We were still in happy hour time, so we decided to get a few drinks and a few apps before moving on to the main course.  After looking through their extensive drink menu, I decided upon a bourbon based drink that should have had blackberry and peach flavors.  Filling a cup with ice, pouring in some bourbon and putting a blackberry in the glass doesn't make you a hot mixologist.  On to the apps which came out so quickly I am still not really sure how - which was definitely the highlight of the meal.  I had the roasted olives and J had the meatball.  The olives were awesome. Roasting them gave them a really deep earthy flavor and seemed to mellow the saltiness of the brine.  J's meatball was pork and beef with a hint of cheese.  It was definitely one of the best meatballs ever.  Sadly, our meal came out before we were even done with the appetizers.  Why are we so rushed?  At a place that has $25+ main courses, I expect a bit of a relaxed and easy going meal.  I felt like the server was desperate to get us out of there so that they could focus on the large table that was still on drinks and ordering food when our main course came out.  I ordered the seared trout, served with parsnips and mushrooms.  J ordered the braised lamb shank.  Covering your food with olive oil does NOT a sauce make.  Mine was so oily that I expected the fish to be greasy.  Strangely, the fish had no flavor.  We make trout at home a lot - generally grilling it and ours is always awesome.  This was the blandest fish I have ever eaten in a restaurant.  J's lamb shank wasn't even warm which again makes no sense with how fast everything came out.  Is it already cooked and sitting under a lamp?  No idea.  His was in a lake of grease.  A lake.  The broocoli rabe that came with it was completely undercooked and the potatoes were good, but once you got down into the grease lake, there was no fishing them out. By this point, I wanted to get out of there to go down the street to Mercurio's and wash away the grease flavor with some amazing gelato.  The only reason I gave 2 starts instead of 1 was the meatball and olives.  Both were perfect.  If they can figure out the timing and maybe how to make a sauce and season things, we might be back - but it's doubtful.    Such a shame.
5	We hosted a baby shower at Up Modern Kitchen this past December, and they were great. They don't have a private room, but they gave us both a big table for our party and another table with plenty of space for decorations, gifts, favors, etc. The restaurant itself is decorated in a way that is modern without being too "cold" so it was a great backdrop for our balloons and flowers.The service was attentive, the food and drinks were delicious, and the price was great. They didn't even charge us a fee for bringing in an outside dessert (of course we cleared it with them first, but charging a per person fee for outside desserts is common practice in NYC). I would certainly recommend Up Modern Kitchen for anyone planning an event in Pittsburgh.
4	While this place seems like its always empty, I love it here. The service has always been great, good food, and awesome atmosphere.  I am hoping it picks up and gets a little more crowded as people learn its here.
5	What a delightful Saturday night we spent at Up Modern Kitchen.  The warm, garlicky olives were a perfect starter on a chilly night.  The meatball was large enough to split three ways and the French fries were accompanied not only by the standard Heinz catsup but also an aioli that was reminiscent of the French street fries.  Our server, Aubrey, was attentive and made sure out libations did not run dry.The pasta dishes were well-prepared, the arugula salad just the right amount of blue cheese and pears to finish off the peppery goodness.  Gregg, the owner, aims to please.  Our table gave us a glimpse of Walnut Street while we enjoyed the buzz of Up Modern Kitchen.Spend a Saturday night there and you will see what I mean!
1	Just awful.  The service and the food were both terrible.  The waitress not only didn't give us the correct check TWICE, but she let us sit for fifteen minutes after we asked her to change it the first time before even addressing the problem.  The lamb shank was about 60% inedible fat and the rapini was so tough I had difficulty cutting through it.  So very, very disappointing.
4	Came here for brunch - so so so so good! i really love how open and spacious the place is with the big windows. service is excellent and so is the food. cant wait to come back.
4	I went here with a girlfriend about a month ago.  It was surprisingly delicious.  We both had red sangria and shared the braised octopus, french fries, gazpacho duo, caesar salad, and the seasonal risotto.  The sangria was just about perfect.  I'm a big fan of good red sangria.  The braised octopus was also really delicious, it was perfectly cooked, not chewy, and there was a ton of octupus hidden in the caponata.  Definitely get that.  The french fries were delightful.  Perfect amount of parmesan and truffle aioli dipping sauce was perfectly truffle infused.  The gazpacho duo left something to be desired.  Sort of bland and one tasted like straight garlic.  The caesar salad was a little bland, also.  I'm a caesar salad snob, though.  The risotto was incredible.  All in all, we shared everything and really enjoyed it all.  Definitely try it out for small plates and an intimate surrounding.
4	I've come here many times and always enjoyed the food and the service.  Tonight, we had the warm olives, a cabbage, fennel and potato soup, and a linguini with mushrooms.  All were outstanding.  We particularly enjoyed the soup this time, and the pasta, which is made in-house, was excellent.  We typically sit at the bar and have had no service issues during that time, something that is referenced below and surprises me.  Every meal I've had the owner comes by and asks how things are going and everyone is attentive. I would agree with the reviewer who complained that they didn't give you any place to put your olive pits--a small bowl would be appropriate.  Haven't seen it for myself, but I was told by the bartender that they have brought back the brunch menu on Sundays.  I loved their brunch and was disappointed when they went to the buffet format (Not my thing). I highly recommend.
5	Marvelous Lunch with my three children. Items on the menu were awesome, and my daughter was able to get special order just what she wanted even though it wasn't on the menu.My son's soup serving seemed a little small, and when we asked they enthusiastically brought about four times as much.My arugula salad was perfect and the salmon was amazing. Excellent tea selection as well.
1	Brunch buffet was a complete disappointment. Arrived at 2PM with still an hour and a half left and most of the offerings were completely gone, everything was very messy, and no one was really tending to the buffet.
4	We stopped here for dinner on the spur of the minute and were seated right away in the bar area.  I had a caesar salad that was so good it was surprising.  One of my pet peeves is salads drenched in dressing and this one, in addition to being soo tasty, was perfectly dressed.  My bolognese pasta entree absolutely delicious.  My husband's lamb chop, while enough for a small village, was the best he said he had ever had, and after I tasted it, had to agree!  All in all we were surprised at how good it all was and were pleased.  Not 5 stars because it's so LOUD in the bar area and we had trouble conversing, but certainly a terrific meal.
4	I generally do not write negative reviews. If I find a business I really like or I have a great experience I feel compelled.  I really enjoyed myself at Up Modern Kitchen. Visiting my college student staying in Shadyside we cancelled our downtown dinner on account of snow and ice and walked over to Up Modern Kitchen. First thing that struck me was the clean  simple modern decor. We were met  by the friendly attentive staff and seated immediately. The drink menu during happy hour was perfect my son had a delicious Stout and my wife enjoyed the apple sangria. I ordered the salmon entree from the main menu and was very pleased.  Served with an ample portion of sweet potato and cabbage the salmon was cooked to perfection.My wife got the cioppino a seafood stew of scallops, fennel, mussels, and shrimp all in a red sauce with italian bread toast  (I ate what she could not finish It was all good). No over cooked rubber mussels or chewy scallops. My son had the ravioli special. The homemade sausage ravioli was tender, filling and tasty!We finished with dessert cannolis, nutela gelato, coffee and a tea assortment.The service was attentive and good. As my wife is allergic to eggs the waitress astutely substituted plain walnuts on the side for the candied walnuts that usually come with the salad she ordered (saving a lot of angst). Needless to say we had a nice evening reconnecting over good food.
3	Up is good (usually very crowded though) place to hang out. I like the wednesday night wine nights (both at shady grove and at up). Apparently Wendesday is the new Thursday as they have a live DJ, half price bottle of wine and the works. I have not had an entree here yet so from what I had (which was the fries I think), it was fine. Smaller portions.It's good for group events. Carnegie Mellon has done some group events, where the food has been actually really good. It's not that quiet, so you will have to speak over people for them to hear. They do make decent drinks too. If you're looking for a good night, definitely go on Wednesday.
4	I was her for a non-profit planning meeting and got to try the spinach artichoke dip, salsa, and pizza. The dip and salsa were fantastic and large portions. I loved that both were served with tortilla chips AND pita bread. The pizza I tried had feta, tomato, and spinach and was really good. The crust was thick and golden. The toppings were plentiful. I was really digging the atmosphere here. Dark walls and light wood tables. Very clean and modern. I really want to come here again and sample from their regular menu!
4	I am impressed by how big portion the brunch is. I am really stuffed after finishing the lamb shake with sausage, tomatoes, bread and a small bowl of fruit. For people who wants some light food in morning, the lamb shake here might be a bit too oily; However, if you are seeking good food in a freezing afternoon with an empty stomach, this one is recommended.
2	I really wanted to like this place- the decor was great and the menu had some nice diversity but there were just some things that I think should have been done a lot better- especially for the price & hype that surrounds UP. For example: - The salumi & chese plate was blah blah blah. The 2 different cheeses literally tasted like...well, nothing. It's not that hard to find a good cheese in Pittsburgh- just go down to Penn Mac and get something to make it worth the $.- My scallops were tasty but cold. My husband and I were there for an early dinner and were one of the only people in the restaurant so I don't understand why it was so hard to make sure our food was hot. - Finally, I understand toddlers are hard to control but when you have parents that are literally encouraging their child to crawl around on the floor like a gorilla (their words, not mine) and screaming/playing right next to people who are out for a nice dinner and paying a nice price, I would appreciate someone asking the parents to at least not encourage their child to treat the restaurant as their playground. We've only been there once but unfortunately I think the hype that surrounds up be just that...hype.
5	We went for valentines day and had the pre fixe menu and it was amazing.  The bacon wrapped scallops were cooked perfectly.  The filet was one of the better steaks I've had among any restaurant.  The desert could have been a smidgen better but everything else was so good I'll forgive them.  The wine pairing was right on par and was a pretty decent deal to boot.  As much as I love trying new restaurants when I travel, it will be hard to avoid returning to Up if I'm in Pittsburgh again.
3	I thought this restaurant was supposed to be more upscale, however, it definitely was not. Pretty casual place. I ordered the scallops for my dinner and although they were definitely prepared the correct way, I felt that the cost was a bit much for five scallops with a cauliflower puree. The cocktail menu was so-so. I ordered the wood fashioned and it was just alright, nothing I couldn't make at home. I would probably give this place another shot, but not for awhile.
5	I had their special Lobster Ravioli and was very pleased,flavorful and minimal or prolly no cheese!  The octopus appetizer was surprisingly very fresh and delicious, husband loved his Salmon and our friend enjoyed his Risotto. But another friend ordered some kind of fried oyster thing, and she hated it, which is obvious cos I don't think oysters are meant to be fried :D, eat them raw , bad idea to fry them !Very few italian restaurants impress me. But this one was wonderful, I will go there again.
2	The ambience here was nice, trendy and modern space, good drink selection.  The truffle fries were fantastic.  My expensive meal was over-cooked however, the ravioli was crunchy around the edges.  The dessert was as hard as a rock, I was told that "happens sometimes".  Lastly, and most importantly, the service was horrible.  It wasn't busy and our waitress would disappear for 20+ minutes at a time, announced in a shocked tone how expensive me meal was when I ordered it, forgot water after we asked 3 times and overall, should find another line of work.  With all of the great little spots around the city, Up Modern Kitchen is not one I will be experiencing again anytime soon.
4	I arrived at UP Modern Kitchen around 930 and happy to see that the kitchen was still open. I was famished and haven't eaten all day. The short rib gnocchi caught my eye, so I ordered. My meal was delivered by Jennifer the bars manager about 12 minutes after ordering. Its was steaming hot and smelled wonderful. I was surprised to see that meat was still on the bone and paired with hand made gnocchi prepared fresh in house by Chef Scott Moonan. The dish was finished with a shiny and sticky but not too salty demi glace, a rare find in Pittsburgh prepared perfectly and to my liking. Peppery arugula and bitter radicchio garnished the dish and accented it perfectly. I ordered a pale ale by Sierra Nevada to wash it all down. It was everything I expected it to be and more! Thank you Chef Scott for filling my belly, I will be back for more and thank you to the awesome bar crew...you guys and gals rock!!!
5	Very nice, the short ribs were excellent and the wine was amazing. Service was perfect. it is a little hard to find because it is on the second floor.
4	I think out of all my friends, I'm the only true fan of Up. My friends have found the food a little bland. I think they're crazy, ordering the wrong thing, or need to ask for salt and pepper.Obviously the half-price wine night is awesome. Enough said there.As for the dining experience, it is always pleasurable. The menu is always changing, and the staff is generally extremely friendly and helpful. They also appear to be knowledgable about the menu items as far as preparation and ingredients go. They also will be quick to suggest a favorite, and they haven't steered me in the wrong direction yet!I also love that they have a mailing list because on my birthday, I get a free meal!Sometimes I think it's a little overpriced, but usually I am getting some kind of fish entree, so I really think my food is just the right price. But I've seen friends order dishes that seem way too expensive for the amount of food they get.Anyway, I love this place, and I will always come back on a date! Or a wine night!
2	If you plan on coming here, stick to the antipasta. Artichoke dip is fab. Service is decent. Main dishes were a severe disappointment and definitely not worth the higher price. Chicken penne was bland and overcooked, ciopinno was incredibly salty and the ravioli was plan and raw. Would only come back if it was the only place open. Save your money and your taste buds.
5	We went here to try without really knowing what to expect as we had never heard of it until the day we went. There was nearly no one here so we got sat right away and got our food fairly fast. I loved the decor and ambiance. Our server was very friendly and helpful. I got the linguine con fungi and my boyfriend got the papperdelle pasta. I expected small portions and i have enough left over for two more meals. My boyfriend NEVER has good leftover and he brought some home as well. The food was very good. Definitely worth it and I'm sure we will come here again.
