4	This is just awesome bread and some great breakfast treats - they don't have as a big variety for the breakfast stuff as I would have hoped, but man do they have the options on bread - definitely give it a try.
5	How can you not love fresh baked bread? The country butter top is my favorite for toast and sandwiches. Their little salted ciabatta rolls are yummy ripped apart with some dry aged sausage on it. Farmer's wheat, french, pepperoni rolls, blueberry crumb cake, you name it they have it. Their sweets are not overly sweet. So if you really want a sickly sweet cinnamon bun, stick to the crappy cinnabon. Theirs are a bit more European style. Their bread menu rotates daily but some of the loaves are staples every day. One of the most interesting things i have found is the fact that they do gluten free breads a few times a month for those poor people who are gluten intolerant. Their gluten free products are tested before they go out. (Check out their website it has what levels they test to. All I remember is them being very stringent) They also carry spreads and dipping oils as well as pizza dough. One of my favorite things there is the vintagey coke in the little glass bottle. A must have for me while I am picking out which of their tasty loaves and rolls to try out. They are a small chain, but you would never really know it from the quality of their products.
5	I got this blueberry pie loaf of bread and it was awesome!!!!! my hubby and I ate the whole loaf in just a weekend. lol. They had a nice selection of breads and treats to choose from and its all FRESH!
5	OMG  Love the freedom bead, make the best chicken salad sandwich ever!!
5	Wonderfully fresh breads and super friendly service. They do a great job of changing up the daily bread varieties. Pumpkin Loaf bread is the best I've had. Cinnamon Cobblestone is nice and fresh but not so sweet that you feel like you are going to be sick after you eat it.Almost don't want to tell anyone how good the brownies are.
5	I recently found out I am allergic to soy.  What does this have to do with bread?  Once again, food manufacturers are using cheaper ingredients as fillers to replace more expensive ones.  You probably know that wheat has increased in price dramatically over the past few years.  The US federal government subsidizes the growth of soy beans in the US, so the product is extremely cheap.  So now almost all pre-packaged breads use soy flour as a filler in addition to the wheat flour.  Even "all natural" breads in the grocery store almost always contain soy flour now.  Soy is in just about everything as a cheap filler ingredient from hot dogs to bread to cereal bars.  So I looked on Breadsmith's website and saw the only soy that they use is soy lecithin in the spray they used to spray the pans.  Soy lecithin is not an allergen since it contains no soy protein.  On my way home, I used a coupon from the Citipass book to get 2 loaves for the price of one.  One was a whole wheat loaf and the other was a sweet vanilla egg loaf.  It was so cool to see the bread ovens and the machine they use to slice the bread.  Both breads were so fresh and delicious.The loaves rotate each day, so you may want to ask them for a daily menu and stop by when you can.  Earth Fare also sells their bread, but it may have already been in their store for a couple of days before you buy it.  If you're in Fort Mill for anything, a visit to Breadsmith is recommended.
5	The owner is an incredibly nice guy and you won't find a bad item on the menu.  Everything is incredible.
4	I bought a Groupon about a year ago, and am so happy I did as I may not have stumbled across this gem of a bakery. I am very impressed with the fresh bread, pies, treats, etc. An excellent choice when having guests, giving gifts or simply for a meal at home. I find them friendly and feel they genuinely love what they do. A must try!!
5	Breadsmith is the best! It has a great variety of breads. I love the samples. And you can't beat the service. The owners are very friendly! They are fantastic with children! You won't find a better bread!
5	I stopped in here once because I wanted a bagel for breakfast.  And while I was disappointed that they don't have bagels, I was also pleased to find out that this place makes AWESOME bread!The price is also very affordable when you compare to grocery prices for the processed, packaged equivalent.  Their breads are such a good buy!
4	This is a great local bread store that I have been coming to since it opened.  It's a Breadsmith so you know you will get good quality bread everyday made with unbleached flours and no preservatives so that's great, but you also have an owner who is always in, which means to me this place is loved. Favorites at this store: Chocolate Chip pumpkin bread and spinach feta bread. Yum. :)
5	Five stars for great bread! I only got a baguette and a chocolate chip scone (the latter did not survive the drive home). Both were absolutely excellent, possibly one of the best baguettes that I have had outside of Paris.Absolutely excellent, will be here again!
3	My experience was very different on my visit. The older gentleman that was working in the store seemed almost angry when I asked him any questions and added on a loaf of bread at the end of my purchase. He wasn't friendly at all. My nine year old daughter asked me why he was mad that we ordered so much after we left. In the end, the pizza dough was good but the bread was just ok. I've definitely had better elsewhere and won't be back.
5	Went there yesterday for the first time. Amazing apple pie bread, can't put it down! I also got a country white loaf, which was wonderful with my burger this afternoon.
5	Do yourself a favor - buy your bread from here! We buy bread every Friday morning as we love the Russian Rye (get the one with raisins!)... it's amazing. No preservatives in the bread... the way bread should be made. The bread here is more expensive than what you may get at the grocery store - you get what you pay for. The ownership are a hard working couple who work incredibly long hours to deliver an excellent product. They really are a fantastic business with a great product... you won't be disappointed!
1	The muffins are dry and over-baked. The selection is sparse. And the owners are RUDE. Enough said.
