3	It's KFC. If you need to read a review, you haven't lived in this country very long :-P
2	I found that KFC has really changed things.. and I am.. not sure it is for the better . The chicken is VERY salty. TOO salty. But i like their mashed potatoes and their coleslaw and mac n cheese. and the biscuits are good. I don't think that i would make this a habit, AT ALL.
1	Last time we went to this KFC they forgot the sides.  They did it to us again on Sep 3rd. No fries, and no biscuits.  We have had issues with this particular KFC location before so from now on I think we will stick to El Pollo Loco if we want chicken.  EPL tends to get the order correct.One other thing: the chicken is extremely salty, like dead sea salty.  Is that a KFC trend or just this location?  I am guessing KFC in general.
1	Worst place ever. Not only did they get my order wrong, they didn't put CHICKEN in our chicken sandwich! All it had was cheese and bacon between two buns! Our sodas were filled with ice that the straw would not fit and they were flat. The girl working the drive thru seemed nice, but I would have preferred to have gotten what I ordered.
1	This establishment is poorly managed. The "manager" Thomas gave us burnt mac n cheese and gave us a blank stare wen we comfronted him.  All he could do is give us a cell number to the manager in Arizona.  This was the worst experience ever and I never seen such a poor managed staff.
4	This is a drive-thru fried chicken restaurant, but I always enjoy it when any experience goes above and beyond.  The girl running the drive-thru was courteous, patient, knowledgeable and funny.  When they didn't have 1 large Mac and Cheese, she offered us 4 small portions.  As we pulled out of the drive, she realized she had left out the biscuits and asked us to pull to the front.  Another employee ran to the front, apologizing profusely and brought the biscuits right to our car.  Hard working employees with great attitudes and the chicken was delicious!!!!
2	Window worker very friendly but was asked to pull forward to wait for my order.  I had only ordered 4 chicken littles.   Window person said that they have a time limit on window time.  I could understand this if it was busy but I was the ONLY car there!  Apparently the manager AND district manager get on them if they go over the time limit.  So much for personal service - all KFC cares about is the bottom dollar!!  I feel sorry for employees as they are paid crap wages to have to put up with managerial BS!!
