5	If I could give more stars for John and his company I would.  Had the best experience with them recently when my outdoor AC unit exploded.  (They can do that by the way--no one in the AC business has ever seen or heard of it, but it happened)  I called up my home warranty company the day it happened, and as soon as they sent me the email confirmation I called up John at AMI (it's who the warranty assigned me) and told him what happened and asked if he could come as soon as possible to check it out.  He said he could come the next day, and arrived right on time.It was a short visit, as he just took some pictures and said it wouldn't be able to be repaired but needed replacement.  He said he would put the order in that day and that it was up to the warranty company to order the part and let him know when it was ready to be installed, and that it usually takes a while.  I told him about my 8 month pregnant wife and if there was anything he could do to expedite the process that would definitely be a plus.Not sure if it was anything he said or did or if I got lucky, but he called that next morning that the compressor unit was ordered and ready for pickup and that he could come by that afternoon to install it.  Then he called a few hours later and said he'd like to install it sooner if possible.  He and his assistant moved the burned out old unit and installed the new one.  He replaced some of the copper line, and replaced the insulation around the copper line going to the house and installed a new power shut off.  He did all this just for my home warranty service call fee, whereas other guys might try to charge for these little add ons.  (my parents are dealing with another home warranty and service company and not having an experience like mine).I even called him a few days later because I had some questions about the thermostat and he took the time to talk me and when he was in the neighborhood he even stopped by to check up on things (even though everything ended up working great)Overall every experience with John and AMI was top notch and I recommend him to anyone that needs any service of any kind.  He told me he believes in quality and it certainly shows in his workmanship and professionalism.6 stars for these guys.
5	I called John to come over to my house and check on the heating unit, since my home is now 10 years old.  He dumbed it down for me and explained different parts and aspects of each unit.  He was professional, quick, and efficient.  All of his employees go through background checks too.  (HVAC is the most common trade learned in prison.)  Finally, his company has a maintenance program for air conditioning units which puts those customers at the top of the service list if a unit malfunction during the upcoming summer months.  His program is better than what I'd get from any home warranty company.  I strongly recommend AMI for your HVAC needs.
5	John and his team are simply amazing. It's nice to finally find an honest heating and air conditioning company here in Las Vegas. John actually took the time to explain exactly what was going on the proper maintenance plan to keep my new units running efficiently for years. I was so impressed that I signed up for the bi-annual maintenance plan. I can tell you it's a very good investment for anyone wanted to avoid that Ac breakdown when it's 110 degrees outside. Plus if you join his maintenance program you get PRIORITY service if your unit does break down during the summer when all companies are slammed. Definitely give these guys a call if you haven't tuned your unit yet this year...btw they also clean air ducts which will be next on my list.
5	Great service! They came out immediately and took the time to explain in detail what the problem was and the remedy. The techs were friendly and knowledgable. This is my go to hvac from now on.
5	AMI was absolutely amazing when it came to fixing my AC.  They were so professional, and the customer service is undoubtedly one of the best I have ever encountered.  AMI fixed my AC in an appropriate amount of time based on the problem, and their rates are better than the competition.  Most importantly AMI was knowledgeable!  Its a veteran owned and ran business, and I appreciate their hard work.  Thank you so much AMI!  I will never call another company for my hvac needs.
5	AMI did a great job.  Our air conditioner went out and they were able to come by the next morning to diagnose the issue.  The unit was 14 yrs old (we knew it probably should be replaced) , but they gave us our options to repair or consider replacement.  We decided to replace.  These guys were on time, professional and thorough.  They explained everything and they do the extras - like replacing all the connectors and valves so that some stupid small part won't be the cause of a hot house in the future.  They worked all day in a hot attic and still cleaned up the area around the attic access like it was their mom's house.  Good guys, good work.  Nice to find an AC repair team you can trust.
5	Thanks, You came through. At 110 degrees our old air conditioner went out. We called our insurer Old Republic and they had AMI come out the next day, Thurs. They reported the problem Fri. Picked up the new condenser Mon. Put it in Tues. morning.Normally it takes 5 business days to get the condenser, however because of the heat and company concern they did it in 2 days. Thank again. I highly recommend  both AMI and Old Republic ins. Thanks Harvey
5	honest and on time. In the end the problem with my ac had three possible causes. He ruled out one by looking in attic. The other two we had to wait for line to defrost. And if the line froze over again that means low Freon. But if AC works fine after that that means it was just a dirty furnace filter. And that's the one it was for me. So keep your filter clean. If your line freezes over turn off unit until defrosts 4 hr to be shore. And try again with clean filter.
5	Early this year our blower unit up in the attic was vibrating so I called our home insurance co.  They sent a local hvac company who came and looked at the unit just to say it's working fine.  Which is a lie because the unit was literally shaking our house and inefficiently cooling our downstairs area.  He collected the easy $60 for the "visit".  Fast forward 6 months and the ac and blower broke.  Called insurance again to complain and this time sent AMI to do the job.  Joe did an excellent job with our AC and blower unit repair.  He was very professional and did the job in a timely manner.  Now my wife and baby can enjoy the comfort of our home.  Thanks again Joe!
1	Had a tech come out to check my unit under my home warranty. Looked at unit and said fan was installed wrong. My claim was denied. I tried to talk to tech though my wife And he wouldn't get on the phone. Trying to get unit fixed cause I have a 1 year old in the house. She had to put on speaker phone for him to tell me I needed a whole new unit cause it would be to much to repair. I called and spoke to John who told me that he didn't fully diagnose unit cause warranty denied claim. Also told me it was denied cause my plan came active Sunday and they where called on the Monday after. After talking to warranty company and we both called join with no response I called from home number and answered first time. Seems if it ain't cash customer service sucks. $95 later a new fan unit works fine.
