5	I recently discovered this gem in Cave Creek.  The coffee is excellent, atmosphere is warm and inviting and the service is friendly.  I wouldn't dream of asking for more, but there is more.  They also serve food and judging from the delicious sandwich I had (a ham and swiss on multi grain, grilled, of the "build your own" variety), I will be back for more as soon as I make it out to Cave Creek again.  The patio area is a lovely place to enjoy the sun in a true desert setting.  We enjoyed watching birds (Cardinals, Cactus Wrens, etc) and also got to meet the owner's dog, a sweet and laid back afghan strongly resembling a stuffed animal.
4	Cute place, nice decor, great bathrooms, coffee is alright too.  Nice staff.  Dirt parking though, and I get that it's Cave Creek but still, some of us like to have clean cars.  This is a necessary stop on a trip up to Cave Creek.
5	I stop by Janey's Coffee House every other Wednesday at 8AM for the most AWESOME masterpiece oatmeal breakfast and delicious iced coffee.Let Samantha (the owner) or any of the crew know that Reza sent you and you want the oatmeal as Reza likes it, and be prepared for the oatmeal experience of your life.The picture is of my most recent oatmeal!
5	There are a remarkable number of indie coffeehouses in Cave Creek/Carefree for such a small area, but Janey's is hands down my absolute favorite. The coffee is superb - beans are supplied by The Roastery of Cave Creek - and always hand-crafted perfectly to your specifications. The food is delish, always fresh and made when you order, not before. They have a lovely, well-edited wine selection, including a Riesling I was pleasantly surprised to also see offered at Zinc Bistro, and some great beer on tap. Stop by Thursday nights for local music, or weekend mornings to enjoy chats with the locals around the outdoor fire (in the winter, of course!).It is important to me to spend my money in locally-owned, family-operated business whenever possible, and that's another reason why I love this place. It is truly a family labor of love - all of them work here, and you'll see them all circle through if you sit there long enough. You're apt to be there all day if you sink into one of the overstuffed leather armchairs... Free wifi so you can work if you're so inclined.The highlight of Janey's, other than the great coffee, food and bar, are their two affable Afghan hounds, Moses and Ghandi. While some people come by just to play with the dogs, I suggest you at least enjoy a cup of coffee while you do so : ) Bring your own pooch too - Janey's patio is a great doggy hangout!Yoga Breeze was doing a full moon yoga session on the patio in warmer weather, and hopefully that will resume when this Arctic freeze we're experiencing ends.And by the way, if you can't handle a little dust on your car a la the dude from Glendale below, you probably shouldn't be coming to Cave Creek. But I think if dirt parking lots don't bother the owners of the multi-million dollar homes in town with vehicles to match, you could probably let it slide, too. If not, there's a $5 car wash up the road.
4	I stopped here while visiting Cave Creek and found it to be a very nice place, it's a coffeehouse but they sell spirits too. I only had coffee but found that the inside and especially the outside seating options were nicely appointed. Outside was tranquil and bordered by saguaros and I could see jack rabbits and birds having a jolly time in the Sonoran brush.
5	Great place for breakfast.  You get a small chart and must tick off the garnishes for your breakfast sandwich or oatmeal.  The food is always good.  The coffee is delicious.  The service is great.  We keep going back for more!
4	Why I'd go back: to grab a coffee and study or sit outside and enjoy a beer with a friendGreat place to go if you want to sit and read a book during the day and enjoy some coffee or grab an Arizona brewed Four Peaks beer with a friend.  Nestled back off of Cave Creek Road, the atmosphere is low key and inviting.  The only thing I tried here food-wise was a turkey panini that was good.  Not amazing but for the price and my hungry stomach it filled the need.One of the last things worth noting are the friendly and genuine staff.  You do not feel rushed and their interested in talking it up a bit if not helping another customer.
5	Have to take a moment to reflect on the evening last night at Janey's.  Found the location in my search to see Chuck Hall.  A quick look at yelp indicated all the strengths I look for - excellent coffee, open patio, light fare, and full bar - combined with the musical styling of one of my favorite local guitar players and we had the makings for a memorable night.While enroute,  encountered a moderate thunderstorm right over cave creek.  Not sure how are evening might be impacted.  Found the location and arrived as a local yoga class was ending under light rain - nice people.  Met Jake behind the bar who quickly greeted us and helped with food and cocktail choices.   Pub board was great - loved the olives, the warm pretzel and fresh fruit.  Build your own sandwich was fresh and tasty. Rain cleared, friends arrived, and blessed with a temperature drop of about 25 degrees, we settled into the patio for drinks, cigars, and fantastic music.  Sitting on the patio with the Sonoran desert backdrop, full moon, ideal weather - I did not want it to end.Later met Mitch and Sam.  Outstanding hosts.  Sam is an alchemist with the lattes - I believe our group finished off six of them - the two "spiked" versions were my favorite.  The coffee was fresh and flavorful and went down like butter.  Mitch and Jake helped out our ambitious crew with a round of tequila shots and provided friendly and gracious service all night.  This was my first night at Janey's, but it won't be my last.  Looking forward to catching Hans Olsen here the next time he is on the schedule.
5	This place is a little tricky to find but definitely worth the effort. Their sandwiches are made with Boar's Head meat and generous fixings. The side of fruit actually includes berries. The drinks are high quality; I prefer the fresh brewed ice tea. The decor is boldly rustic with a strange mix of heavy materials harvested from the wreckage of a late 1800's southwestern mining town, and well balanced with the feel of a high class bodega from that same time period. A garage-sized door behind the bar opens up into the landscape of our beautiful Sonoran desert.They also offer live music performances at night.Check 'em out!
5	Great place for coffee and food.  Staff is super friendly. Great place to visit if your in the area.
4	I've been hearing good things about this coffee house in Cave Creek so when a friend suggested we meet there I was all for it. Easy to see furniture store Big Bronco and Janey's is behind it. Very good coffee and I'll come back to try the food.  Comfortable place to just hang out.
4	Very nice atmosphere.  Super casual and they really paid attention the details.  Nice outdoor patio area too.  My husbands says the bathrooms are great too!  Very friendly staff and the keep the place very clean!!   I ordered the loaded oatmeal and after eating out a lot lately it was exactly what I needed.  Lots of fresh fruit, nuts, flax seeds.  Very filling.   Husband got the breakfast sandwich on sourdough and swears it is the best breakfast sandwich he has enjoyed in a long time!
4	I've been hearing good things about this coffee house in Cave Creek so when Big Pete Pearson was playing there I decided to go. The show was excellent and Big Pete Pearson is wonderful person the service was attentive, and the food was good. Comfortable place to just hang out with your date. It would be nice to see more of the outdoor entertainment like this.
4	I have only been here once. But definitely plan to come back again. Coffee was very good. The place was very relaxing. Love the patio tables. Great place to hang out and read a book. Staff was super friendly. PB&J was yummy and served with fresh delicious fruit. mmmmm yummm!
4	Great spot for food, drinks, and entertainment. The staff is great and its a cozy spot for just chilling
5	We've lived here for over 2 years and recently discovered this quaint place when C4 shut down.  We've been here in the AM and late at night and we love it!  The breakfast food is delish.  You have to try the poptart or their cinnamon bun.  Their hot chocolate is also tasty, and not too sweet.  The prices are very reasonable.  I prefer this place to Starbucks.  In the PM the live music is awesome.  The ambiance is relaxing no matter what time of day you come.
2	Great find. Great ambience but..really meager pour on martinis. I ordered their well vodka for  a martini and it was a 3oz pour, which is pretty small.It was $7. At nearby Venues in carefree, during Happy Hour, their 6 oz. martini to the brim with the Well vodka is $7. I am very eager to go back as their wine is good and reasonably priced but since I am a martini drinker, I may not go back. A shame.
5	We love this venue.  Its a little treasure in Cave Creek.  Don't let the "Coffeehouse" sign fool you.  They have a large selection of beer and wine.  The patio is amazing too.
4	A nice place to catch a little music on the patio.
5	Love, Love Janey's!!! The atmosphere is so groovy with a welcoming, laid back energy! The owners and staff are attentive, professional, and friendly.  The indoor section is so comfortable and chill.  The outdoor area is lovely with fire pits; huge Saguaro's all around.  They often have live music, like Big Pete Blues Band, which is so fun.  The dance area is small, but who cares, the groove is so good!! Good selection of beverages and munchie plates.  I still need to check out the breakfast menu.....I'm sure it's awesome! You'll love this place!
5	Setting:  Spent the day with the neighbors and found this gem while walking around the area.Ambiance:  Great view of the Sonoran desert while sitting on the patio.  The inside is very relaxing with comfortable seating and a surprising bar.  We ended up staying for a couple hours losing track of time with only ordering drinks.  The mood and feel is somewhere you want to shut your mind off for a while.  I would highly recommend for hanging with friends, flying solo, or even getting work done.Food/Menu:  We only ordered drinks on tap while the ladies had smoothies.  Everything was great with no complaints.Service:  Excellent service with no complaints!Overall:  Small businesses thrive on repeat customers.  Whenever we are in the area, we will be sure to stop by and relax for a couple hours.
3	I like this place, it has a nice setting and a great vibe. We went there on a Friday and they had a great blues band and the place had a lot of energy. They have a couple tasty beers on tap, my only complaint would be slow service.
1	Service is bad, very bad. When you walk in they look at you like they want to chase you out. I said hello to the server, the reply was "be with you in a minute", after 10 minutes he proceeded to take another customers order who just walked in the door (obviously a regular) then went back to ignoring me. It was obvious he didn't want to be there, and therefore neither do I.  I am not asking for royal service but that was blatant  discourtesy.  The cafe across the street is better choice!
3	Great little spot in Cave Creek and a really good alternative to those big bars in town.  It's got a really cool vibe and feel to the place and a good selection of interesting craft beers, which is why we go here.  The menu is primarily sandwiches, which are good but slightly overpriced.  They have a nice patio and the signs indicate they have an interesting group of entertainers that play here, although we have not been there at night to check it out yet.
4	It's set back from the road, so watch for the wooden marquee sign.The place is cozy inside and equally relaxing outside. Cushy chairs, secluded nooks, and service counter to be right up front with the action. Free Wi-Fi is bonus and the signal reaches to the patio.  Here's the best part: they serve coffee AND wine!Nice place for a quiet moment or to share laughs with friends.
4	Small place, few breakfast choices but good and delicious I had breakfast sandwich simple but made right way no grress at all, satisfying Angela had oatmeal with fruits that she also enjoind, it not fancy at all place, but I really enjoyed patio
5	Saw Big Pete Pearson at Janey's in Cave Creek on Friday night. Really nice setting, great wine, beer and coffee/tea selections. Their patio is really beautiful - you are sitting in the desert with huge boulders watching a band and enjoying our cool nights with a couple of outdoor fires. Very comfortable, reasonable cover for the quality of the band. Big Pete was really fun to listen to. We will be back soon and bring our friends and family!
5	This is our favorite spot in Cave Creek! This is a home away from home.  If you are in the area stop by for a beer and sandwich.
3	Coffee shop w dozen beers on tap.  Great for the coffee drinking Harley contingent.
5	One of my absolute favorite places to go for coffee, or a beer or glass of wine and lots of chilled, rustic but classy atmosphere.Great meeting spot for me and my motorcycle buddies before a ride. Beer and wine selection is excellent (I'm a proud beer and wine snob).The coffee is great (also a coffee snob)The wait staff is not only awesome - but they're also a bunch of cowgirl hotties. Janey's is ALL about atmosphere and top quality food and drink.  The food menu is definitely limited - as their kitchen is extremely small - but everything is fresh.I'm not a big review guy - at all. More prone to give a bad review than a good one, but Janey's is a special place.
5	This place is just right. It has a rustic feel and great service. Coffee and sweets are great. Under new management, the owner is wonderful. All around, a great place to hang out and chill. We love it!!
5	Had a great time with friends.  Great outside area.  Listened to a very good Blues band.  Good selection of Micro brews and wine.  The owner and staff were very friendly.
4	Left a prior disappointed service review and to my surprise the new owner responded and extended a nice offer for me to return as the service has been much improved with the new owner. Looking forward to returning to the wonderful atsmophere it offers.
5	Janey's is simply the best. We walked in and felt like we could relax here all day - and then we did. The coffee drinks are all delicious not to mention all the beers on tap. We enjoyed personalizing our oatmeal and yogurt at breakfast and later our paninis from the amazing lists of options. Everything is fresh and made to order.   The decor is very authentic Cave Creek.  We will be back.
1	I'm a local. I love Janey's, great atmosphere, good beer and great staff. Stopped there on Friday night to get a beer and a bite .... Was greeted at the front door with a $10 cover charge .... Really...now this is Cave Creek ! If you can't attract customers with your ambiance, venue, product and service time to make a decision.
4	Janey's is a great little place in Cave Creek for coffee, lunch or a craft beer or glass of wine.  The Turkey Sandwich with Gruyere is very tasty.  12 craft beers rotate on tap and a very small but diverse wine list. Great coffee as well.
4	Pretty good cup of java in the AM!  Loved the "crawl out from under your rock and greet the sun" atmosphere.  It is casual desert living at its finest.  Good service and people.
2	We visited this establishment on a Wed night  (June, 2014).  Found a large wine selection but the bartender was not a good communicator and lacked enthusiasm for what he does.  He did let us sample our choice tho at our request before making our purchase.  Settled for the Red Sangria and ordered the Pub Board.  Neither were all that good especially the Pub Board, very disappointed from what I had seen there earlier and prices were high.  After 2 glasses of wine and the Pub Board it cost $30.00 which I thought was very expensive.  Very disappointed.
5	This  place is so good. I had the breakfast sandwich and my friend got the oatmeal and fruit.  The owner is very friendly. The hot tea was delicious. The owner Julian Corles is very friendly and kind. The food is fast and yummy. We will be back. The oatmeal is too die for.
5	Love this place.  Like others, discovered Janey's while looking for an alternative to C4 (Cave Creek Coffee Company) up the road which has closed.  Only been here once, but based on my limited experience, most of what you read in the other reviews is true.  Great coffee, best "loaded" oatmeal where you choose all the add-ons that you want (fruits, nuts, etc.) on a sheet of paper, free Wi-Fi, cozy/relaxed atmosphere, rustic decor, super-friendly service, live music (free on Saturday morning).  Ideal.  What more could you want in a coffe shop?  Oh, ok, there is also a full bar for later in the day...
5	This is my favorite favorite favorite place to eat, drink, read & work in Cave Creek. There is always an awesome band on the weekends. I love the Sunday afternoon music; there is a either a soloist or a duo strumming a guitar and singing - ahhh just perfect. I highly recommend this gem. Oh and their 'Wine Wednesdays' are an awesomely unpretentious way to expand your knowledge of that delectable drink.  Overall this place just has a wonderful vibe.
5	Janey's was a great find for lunch. Wonderful, comfortable, unique atmosphere; friendly hosts; and tasty eats! We had a Janey's Famous Sandwich (aka build it your way) and a Turkey Waldorf Salad. Both were excellent and fresh tasting.
5	Went on a Sunday afternoon and sat outside! The sandwich was delicious and loved their black-cherry black tea - yum! Fun local place that has live music.
4	What a very cool, quaint location. It's off the road so you could pass it. Nice indoor/outdoor seating and full bar with two serving sides. Good selection of beers (hopefully rotating handles) and wines.I only had a cappuccino today- no food, but their menu looks filling. A bit expensive but it is a small business. The capp was too hot initially so I waited approx five minutes to enjoy.The barista asked what kind of mocha I would like in my capp, which I never been asked before. Guess I should've asked what the options were. :-)I'd like to come back to hear the live music they have throughout the week, and to try the food. Nice social place overall.
5	Very pleasant and at least during the day quiet coffee place, which from my experience is rare.
5	Great coffee shop to spend the morning at relaxing and drinking. Their coffee is amazing and tastes like chocolate to me it's perfect. The pub board is great too if you want a something to pick on. It's too notch.
5	Strong coffee with free refills, incredibly friendly staff, good breakfast and a really cool, comfy environment. This is a great place to relax and sip coffee.I got the breakfast sandwich with bacon, egg and horseradish cheddar on sourdough. It was tasty and the horseradish cheddar gave it a nice kick. I tried my brother's oatmeal and it was among the best I've had.Looks like a cool bar with craft beer and there's live music on weekends which I'd like to checkout. Overall a really cool place in Cave Creek.
