5	Let me preface this review by saying that I suck at bowling... I am lucky to break 80.  I go bowling maybe once or twice per year, but I always have fun doing it... So, when my friend told me she wanted a bowling birthday party, I was excited to plan it.  I was worried that it would be tough to reserve lanes on a Saturday night, but AMF was extremely accommodating.  They allowed me to reserve the 4 lanes we needed in advance with a credit card, no problem.  That way, when the group showed up, our lanes would be together and everyone could pay their own way.  For $5 per game, it was affordable and fun!  We ate before, but I saw several people eating pizza, pretzels, and popcorn from the food stand, and of course, there is a full bar as well!  We had the lanes from 8 - 10 which worked out perfect.  We brought in a cake and they had no problem with that; they even allowed us to store it in their freezer until we were ready to light the candles, and they supplied us with a knife!****At 10:00, the bowling alley goes into 'extreme' mode, and it's party time!  The lights dim, the music blares, and big screens come down showing extreme sports while you bowl.  Next time, we'll have to experience that!I highly recommend changing up your evening activity with a night of bowling every now and then... it's guaranteed fun, and there's no better place than AMF Bowling to do so!
4	Just finished a Wednesday night league and everything was great. Just wish AMF had some healthier, veg options on the menu. A lot of fatty foods.
1	Not recommended if you're not white. For me, it's the third time somebody threw out racial slurs at my group. I am beginning to think the place is for rednecks and the like. D&B bowling lanes are better.
3	1st off, the phone # listed is incorrect. After calling a few times & getting no answer I googled it & found the correct #, it's 602-971-1105.I received a coupon via email for 99 cent games so I called a few of our friends & we made a night of it. Stupid me should have asked beforehand, I wasn't aware that it was 1 game=1 person. Therefore, with the 6 of us that was about $6 worth right there (you could only buy up to 10 for the 99 cent games). We played 3 rounds & with 10 games being 99 cents our total came to about $54, not such a good deal after the fact! Oh well we had fun, but will definitely just do cosmic, or "exteme" bowling as it's referred to now, next time. Oh & one thing that was pretty annoying was that we all ordered some food to munch on & a couple pitchers of beer. I put my debit card on hold for the tab & when the bill came I asked if we could apply $64 in cash to our tab & I'd pay the rest with my card. After waiting for about 10 minutes I went up to the bar to see what the problem was. The manager informed me that she would have to void the transaction but that the charge would remain on my account for 7 days, therefore I would not be reimbursed for a good week. WTF!? I told her forget it & just charge my card in full & I will just take the cash. Sounds like they need a little more training!
4	We had a blast at AMF Desert Hills a few weeks ago! The service was the most friendly I've ever experienced at a bowling alley. They actually came to our lane several times to check on us and make sure we were taken care of. Brought our food to us from the snack bar and everything! Never had this kind of treatment at a bowling alley before! Looking forward to going back for another family night!
1	AMF BOWLING at Desert Hills Lanes: Customer service is terrible. No respect to the customers. I did not like Mr. "FRED"(I think he is the manager of AMF Bowling Desert Hills Lanes) angry racist abusive behavior towards his customers!! I dont recommend AMF bowling at desert hills lanes.
3	Bowling alley's make me so happy. I love the sounds of the pins, smell of musty shoes and the bowling alley bar. This establishment has nothing really exceptional to offer, but served it's purpose with a fun evening surrounded by family and friends. We came with a group of 16. Did the "all you can eat" pizza and bowling deal. 15 bucks a head. 2 hours of bowling. Ball and shoes included. I'm not one of those people I wish to be with my own snazzy shoes and ball (insert Christmas list here). Standard surroundings. Looks like they "upgraded" the bar, which in my opinion made it worse. Keep with the shady feel if you aren't going to upgrade the entire place! It was empty and the bartender was also a cook, waitress, and helping out front with check in's. Anyhow, we had fun. There were some mishaps... Like "all you can eat" being 3 large pizzas for 16 peeps. Keep a reserve or something! I had to continually check on the food... The "10 minute" prep time they actually told me was 45. So order early and assess appetites. The staff was nice enough, but seemed young and overwhelmed. All and all a good time. Was just a bit stressed having to keep on the staff so much and having to monitor the whole time. Now if only I could break 100! A 97 and 99!? C'mon! ;) *Side tip: If you sign up for summer bowling '11 you get a tattoo parlor giftcard. Nifty!!!
1	It's been a sad experience ...really!Went there with my girlfriend on a Saturday evening and signed up for the 15$ special that includes 'UNLIMITED PIZZA?', 2 hrs of bowling and shoes. The bowling experience was regular and the guy at the counter did the needful for which I was generous with the tip.NOW THE FUN PART WAS THE 'UNLIMITED PIZZA' . I believe this was some kind of a joke.1. The unlimited Pizza only includes the Pepperoni and Cheese 1-topping options and none other. my girlfriend wanted the veggie option and guess what.....u need to pay for it seperately...2.  I was okay with the 1-topping... but They wouldn't give you any pizza......hahahahahahahha....U need to request them time and again and again and again and again.Beers are also expensive at 7$ a tall.All in all we walked out of the place even before the allocated 2 hours.all in all it was a HORRIBLE experience.If you wanna bowl try the other locations and incase you have to go this one make sure you don''t go for the unlimited pizza (lol) deal and maybe just stick to bowling.
3	Went there on a Saturday evening during a date.  The staff was courteous and there was no wait at 8pm to get a lane.  The rental shoes were clean and in good condition.  However, there was one big problem with the ambiance.  The layout of the tables and chairs makes no sense to me.  Each lane has two round tables which are stacked parallel to the lane.  In other words, whichever party gets the rear table is somewhat shutout of the action.  It's a very poorly devised layout; I hope they consider changing it.  Of course we were the second group to arrive.  A family already had taken up the front table.  There isn't even a single chair at the score keyboard!  We took matters into our own hands and pulled up a couple chairs to the front of our lane.  We still had no table, but at least we could watch each other bowl.
3	It's ok, pretty typical local bowling alley. They offer specials for children in the summer.There are better bars to get larger drinks for cheaper prices very close by. That was a negative.It's clean though. Probably better for families or kids outings than young adults or couples.
2	Blah, Unless you are bowling during league play , dont bother , the lanes are never oiled and the ball goes all over the lanes, not very fun when your actually trying. If you are looking to just hang out and score dosent matter.The specials are great so its a fun time for the price , usually 10 bucks for two hours, not too shabby.Boozers Beware!- Get at least two drinks when you go to the bar, it might still take them ten minutes to make. The bar is a dreadful place with a painfully slow staff.I would much rather go to anyother location.
3	This is a bowling alley, I don't frequent bowling alleys often but when I do its usually because I'm intoxicated, at a birthday party or a combo of both.  This bowling alley is not amazing but its not terrible either and they do have cosmic bowling if your into that kind of baloney, that being said I was there to cosmic bowl.. yeah.  Also you may of noticed an option on this yelp review for "Good for dancing" NO, NO ITS NOT THATS THE DUMBEST QUESTION EVER
2	I went here on a Friday night, and like everyone else says, it is your average bowling alley.  However, I did not care for the customer service.  I called around 2pm to book two lanes for my husband and I, as we are practicing on bowling not just hanging out like most other people.  I was told that they booked us two lanes and when I showed up at 7pm, we only got one lane, which would normally be okay, but there were clearly lanes available.  Then, the people next to us were acting quite immature and not even bowling most of the time.  They were walking down the lane and lying down on the ground.  This was annoying especially because they received two lanes for three people and when I brought this up to the front desk, they didn't have anything to say, which I feel was plain rude.  In fact, when I brought this up to the front desk, they looked at me like I was stupid and then they saw for themselves that the people next to us were walking down the oiled lane!  I don't mind having one lane, but don't tell me that I am going to have two lanes and change it just because there are kids there the same age of the staff.  I will not be returning back to this location, I am going back to Union Hills Lanes, where the customer service is awesome!
2	I'm not a big bowler, but when friends want to bowl, I'm down. I've been to this location a few times and I'm not impressed. Where do I start?HOURS: You'll see hours listed here on Yelp, and some different ones on their website, and some on the door to the business, but when you actually go in and try to bowl the employees tell you earlier times. They informed us that management is trying to save money so they have the employees close early. It was disappointing to think we had 2 hours to bowl according to the website, then actually have less than an hour. PRICES: We bowled on a Saturday night for $15/person which included 2 hours of bowling and shoe rental. It went slightly into the fun ultimate bowling or whatever they call it here. The kind w music, fun lights, etc... We had some beer at almost $20 a pitcher, which is kind of expensive. On Tuesday, we weren't really sure what the price was. It kind of seemed like the employees weren't sure how much to charge us for only being able to bowl for 45 minutes because they were closing early. They decided between each other to charge us a total of $10.66 for everything (2 people & shoes). They didn't know how to ring it up though, which led us even further to suspect that this was just a price they made up on the spot.LOCATION: Unfortunately this alley is located in a questionable part of town. On Sat night there were some creepy looking people loitering in the parking lot. I imagine that if the INSIDE attracted better people, then the outside wouldn't be as creepy.So...I'll probably try to find a nicer bowling alley nearby if possible and will encourage friends to go elsewhere too.If your'e the owner or manager, please read on:I saw several ways that an employer could cut costs to save money without having inconsistent hours. -Turn some lights off: if people are only using 4 or 5 lanes, and you're not allowing them to be spread out even if requested (we requested a lane away from other rowdy bowlers but were given a lane RIGHT between them) then turn lights off on the other 90% of the lanes not in use. Or turn off every other one for 1/2 the building. I don't know how the electric is set up, but it might be worth getting it set up to be able to do this.- Cut staffing down: There were more employees working than lanes being used. That's ridiculous. 4 people working to run credit cards, hand out shoes, and spray them down after they're turned in? That's a 1 person job IF that person knows what to do. Maybe 2 are needed for safety and for the instances where one has to walk down a lane to fetch a ball or something. If the concession guy is closing early, that's a whole additional person who is being paid to stand around, but isn't available to make you money.-Turn off the video games early: that sucks tons of electricity and if nobody is even remotely interested in using them why have them on? You could leave a sign saying to ask an employee if you want to use the games and they'll turn them on. -Turn down the AC: it was freeeeezing in there. I think the temp could be turned up at least 4or 5 degrees which doesn't seem like much, but in a place that size might be a huge monetary savings.-Prevent theft: I think in order to prevent people suspecting they might be getting ripped off, and to prevent employee theft, you should just have listed prices and signage that gives that info in black and white. It made us uncomfortable to just have the employees throw out a price that seems random like $10.66 for 2 people for 45 minutes.-Offset the cost of operation by selling drinks and food! When we were there, the concession stand lights were off and they stopped serving everything at least 1/2 hour before the closing time which was an hour and a half before the posted closing time. Nobody had the opportunity to buy overpriced bowling alley food or beer. Big mistake management. Big.I never think that closing early is good for a business. You're the boss though and I guess you can do what you want, but at least have some respect for customers by listing times as "may vary by night and number of customers at employee discretion" so that we have fair warning that we might not get to stay until the advertised times. It sucks to arrive somewhere to find that out.
1	I have been bowling on a league at this location for 2 years.  They were bought out this last year and it sure went downhill!!!  They are short staffed, never anyone at the food counter.  Plus I saw the person behind the food counter cough directly onto food, which I told the manager.  How disgusting!!  I will NEVER have food there!  The staff just doesn't to care like it used to with the old owners.  Plus now they charge for coffee for league bowlers!  They never used to before.  It's just gone downhill!  If it wasn't for my wonderful team members, I would go to Brunswick!!!
3	I really enjoy going to this bowling ally. Its affordable, my friends and i will go on a weeknight at around 830 and get shoes with unlimited bowling until close (11) for less then 12 bucks a person, you cant beat that. It may not be the prettiest bowling ally but i'd perfer this place to most, we've never had an issue here amd the staff is generally very nice. And if you drink while you bowl 12 dollar pitchers are decently affordable.
4	My 4-yr-old just had his birthday party at this location. It was a lot of fun. The kid ramps were broken, but one if the guys fixed one for us. The party ran very smoothly, and I didn't have to so anything. It was a very fun and economical way to celebrate.
4	This has been my routine Monday night for the past couple of months. When you head in later on in the evening they can give you 11 dollar unlimited bowling till close, or its like 6 dollars for shoes and 5 dollars a game.... what? Just do the unlimited. They do close early during the week, which I somewhat hate... cause I love to bowl late night but I guess that was a San Diego/San Francisco thing. This location has really easy parking, with their own private lot but it does seem that it needs to be renovated a bit. Its very old looking on the inside and the carpets are a little trashed. As far as shoes, lanes and balls... They have a good variety and the shoes always seem in good condition, I havent had that dreadful pair that you get and are actually scared to carry to your assigned lane......yet. I really like the lady bartenders here. Its practically tradition to get a pitcher of beer for our bowling cause I SWEAR I bowl better when I'm tipsy. They ladies are always very talkative and offer different shot deals too! We paid one dollar to get these cool smore's shots? something tastey and delicious. I dont think I would want to be here when it was busy though, they seem really short staffed, but I assume thats because its late night? I dont know. My review is strictly on Monday nights after 8pm. Haha
2	Only been here few times, not a great place to go to since the place looked rundown.  I rather drive over to 19th Ave. & Bethany Home Rd. in Phoenix or Scottsdale & Thomas in Scottsdale.  The machine is hard to figure out too.
1	Our experience at this bowling alley was mixed - the pizza and waitress were great, but the management had severe shortcomings.  Just as a background, our group loves experiencing new activities and new locations across the entire spectrum of international travel, fancy dining, stamina sports, down to bare down-to-earth deals. While we don't mind spending a few hundred dollars for a single meal, we do mind it when a vendor does not uphold their promise - it's the principle of the thing - otherwise, what's to stop vendors to perpetually bait and switch? We made a reservation for 7 people at this bowling alley to make use of a coupon that promised unlimited bowling and unlimited pizza for $11.95. The fine-print stated that this price might vary by location. So when we made the reservation, we asked them if they would honor the $11.95 price, and they confirmed that they would. We called a second time to verify the price (since some on the group might have agreed to the outing based on the price), and once again, they reassured us that the price would hold. When we arrived for our game night, they reneged and said $15.11. We asked them to look in their appointment book and see who promised us the price on the phone. The person in charge that evening said that the initials in the appointment book were undecipherable, so that he couldn't tell which staff member promised us the price on the phone. We asked him if we could talk to a corporate number to see if they could give him the authority to honor the coupon. He gave us a number and allowed us to waste another 10 minutes only to find that the corporate office was closed (did he not know their hours?) Long story short, they had baited us, we were counting on an evening of bowling and pizza, and ended up wasting 25 minutes talking to the person-in-charge and paid them $22 more than we had budgeted for, plus gave them additional revenue via the beers and milk-shakes that we ordered. Among other disappointments, the men's restroom did not have paper towels at the beginning of our evening and the seating for the bowlers was sub-par - far worse than other alleys we've been to.
1	Horrible service .... everything here keeps breaking down . I was here for 2 hrs and only got through 2 games because of lane issues will definitely be going to Brunswick now on.
1	Ok i love bowling. And my friends. Wanted to go so i had never been at this place i like it till i went to the bar the first lady was nice. Then i went again and the second. Bartender. Was super. Rude i was talking to someone and asking him why did they close the lil food area and she went off on me she event went to go get the cook so he could tell me. ..... but she was really. Rude cause i wasn't. Event talking to her and ill never go there again the customer. Services. Suck :(
1	Horrible service. I waited in line a good 15 mins to ask a question with two people at the shoe reg. One which was doing nothing, when I tried to ask, they kindly asked me to wait.... so I did. When the person in front of me was done,  they skipped over me and took the next person... um hello....? I found it very disrespectful. Maybe training staff on customer service is a must... just sayin
3	We went just last night. We were in the mood to relax, have some beers and bowl and decided against Dave & Busters. It always get to be so expensive there. Anywho, we like the local lanes. We had not been to this one but had driven by many times. We expected it to be kinda dodgy, because let's face it, local lanes most often are, right? This place is clean, looked pretty updated, shoes looked pretty new - we were glad we came. It was Black Friday, wasn't sure what kind of crowd would be there but it was about half full. Since we had a group, we kind of wanted a lane that wasn't partnered with another group since the place wasn't full. We came to find out they were doing maintenance on the empty lanes, so we had fewer options. We then remembered reading some of the reviews that they do have lane maintenance issues often. Hmm. Whatever, we got set up, started bowling and within the first few players' turns, the lane got jammed - twice. No biggie, they moved us and were nice enough to add some time onto our 2-hour rental. (Oh yeah, decent price - like $15 for 2 hours and shoes per person I think it was.) The new lane worked well, but we had to ask them to reset it after each game was finished because for some reason their system wouldn't let us do it ourselves. Beer selection was decent, servers were attentive and friendly (except for the older gentleman server who was lacking personality and was kinda snippy). Looks like they have a lot of weekly special rates so we will definitely be stopping back by. Oh yeah, after 10pm it became "Extreme Bowling" - which here it means spinning party lights and neon and lots of DRAKE. Why guys? Why?! LOL
1	This bowling alley is very poorly run. The manager is pleasant but inept. We pre-paid one game of bowling for four of us-two adults and two children. We found out that the bumpers had to be either up or down, so all of us had to bowl with bumpers up. The bowling balls kept getting stuck. When we finished one game, we went up to let the manager know that we wanted to bowl another game. She said we were not quick enough to let her know. We needed to inform her before we finished, so she had already rented our lane to another party of bowlers. If I could give this place no stars, I would. Bowl somewhere else!
