4	Such a great place for a girlfriends day out (or weekend out)!  A few of my girlfriends and I went this past weekend, it was such a relaxing retreat! They have a room where you can sit and relax, have snacks and mimosas.  Such a cool feeling!  Lina, the massage therapist was off the charts!!!  Anyone in need of a massage in the Henderson/Las Vegas area need to see her.  She's a little lady but has powerful hands!  The pedicure, well, what can I say, it was a pedicure, nothing special.  The pedicurist kind of annoyed me, she was rushing and was sure to let me know that she had back to back clients that day.  I dont want to hear that, just shut up and do my feet!   I wasnt sure if I could put down names so if you're interested in visiting there, send me a message and I'll tell you her name, other than that, a nice place!
4	Attention - Anyone who has hair...or wants nice hair....or better hair.....DEBBIE DEBBIE DEBBIE! That is the only name you need to know when you are looking to get your hair done. Her and her daughter are both hairdressers here and she is so good. I have been going to her for 3 years now and will not go to anyone else. I have followed her tiny self all over this city like batman in the night!She recently moved to this day spa and the spa seems really nice. I have not tried any of the other services they provide but it is a very welcoming, classy environment.  They offer everything from hair, waxing, facials, peels to nail and massage. This is a nice facility - and they are lucky to have Debbie there. Call her and tell her Tanya sent you - she will take good care of you. At least she will know who you are talking about....LOL (read previous review for Dairy Queen)Happy Hair Days girls!
5	Great place to have a girls day of pampering!
4	The one thing I love most about Parisian Day Spa is its luxurious atmosphere! It's not easy to find since it's a bit hidden in the complex and can't be seen from the street (Enter the complex from Coronado Center and go right, the entrance faces South). However, once you find it and open the door of this unassuming business complex, you're in a completely different world. The spa is very spacious with different areas for each type of station (hair, nails, pedicures). The actual spa area is beautiful! It's closed for privacy and has a relaxing area for you and your guests (perfect for a bridal party!) and private rooms for other salon services. The receptionists and owner are all very friendly! I visited a few times for manicures and pedicures, bringing my mom, and also referring others. It was always a wonderful experience! I definitely recommend this spa for girls days, birthdays, or weddings since you'll definitely feel pampered.
5	I've been going to this Spa for several years now.  The ambiance is great.  While waiting for my spa treatment, I relax in their quiet room and enjoy a glass of wine and some snacks. The owner, Maryann, gives excellent facials and does amazing permanent makeup.  I had my eyebrows and eyeliner done.  It looks so natural.  She knows what she's doing!  I get my massages here too and even bikini waxes.  If you want a great haircut and color, see Brandon or Kim.  It's awesome to be able to come to one place for all these services and know that you'll be taken care of.  I would recommend this spa to anyone.
4	This is one stop shop to pamper myself from head to toe with a glass of wine or mimosa ;) They have very experienced masseuses for your tired and aching body, hair, nail, facial, body treatments and permanent make ups! And lash extensions too :) ... Hmm did I leave something out?When you walk in you are greeted with friendly staff who treat you like you've been friends for years! Not one of those really stuffy spas where they whisper to you, lol! They also have little boutique on the side that carry affordable custom jewelries, purses and little beauty trinkets.I love getting the Diamond Peel Facial with Photo Light treatment - It makes my face feel as smooth as baby's bottoms - I've been told :)I also go here for my waxing treatments. I have very sensitive skin so, in the past waxing could live me with red swollen welts that itched like crazy. I found out later, if the wax somehow got contaminated it will make me break out with rashes. You have to pay attention they don't reuse the wooden stick that they use to apply the wax on you. I've seen some places that they use same stick over and over cross contaminating germs and bacteria from one client to another - ewww! But at Parisian Spa, they are very hygienic and professional :)MaryAnn - the owner does permanent make up and she's got over 19 years of experience so she really knows what she is going! I've got my eye brows and eye line done from her and I am totally satisfied. If I need a touch up or get something else done, I am definitely seeing MaryAnn again!
5	James chaps is the best hair stylist! I have been going to him for 12 years! All over color hi lights and cut!!!
5	I was visiting friends in Las Vegas and needed a haircut... I just happened to see this place, walked in, and James took amazing care of me!  He was extremely friendly, professional (but with a great sense of humor) and so helpful in guiding me to my best "look".  You must go see James!
5	Always 5 stars for Julie! She's the only one I'll let touch my hands and feet. I followed her from Luxy nail salon, it's worth the extra 5 min to get my nails done. Shes germafobic so I know I'm safe. The salon is really nice, clean, and quiet. I'm glad that she transferred, it's a way nicer place.
5	Went there with two friends on a trip to Vegas and it was wonderful.  Atmosphere top notch. Staff was professional and friendly and prices reasonable.  Definite stop in vegas!
5	I love this place!!! Friendly staff...Great Facials....Great Permanent Makeup....Great Atmosphere!!!!
5	This is my new go-to place for pampering. Lots of services to choose from! I'm still exploring the options but I love my facials by Wendy. Top notch pro! And Maryann's vascular treatment for facial blemishes is nothing short of amazing. (There's a bit of a healing process to plan for, but the results are remarkable!) The support staff is warm and friendly, the spa area is cozy and relaxing, and mimosas are served as you prepare to  let your cares melt away. The spa is a challenge to find the first time, but well worth the effort to keep looking. Next time I'll be back for a couple's spa day. Can't wait!
4	Very welcoming and friendly staff - I have services done with Diane and Ector & I would recommend them both!
5	I randomly found this place through a spawish gift card. What a find!I'm a last minute lucy, I called for a full head of highlights, base and cut appointment for the next day and they were extremely accommodating, getting me right in and setting me up with Leslie. She was fantastic, very nice, welcoming and a wizard with foil (and there was a lot of foil!) It had been a LONG time since I had my hair done. When you're that neglectful and asking so much you never really know what end result you're going to get but I was pleasantly surprised. Leslie was very thorough and carefully in transforming me back into the natural blonde I should have been. Looks like I found my new hair magician...
5	Three girlfriends and myself had a fabulous spa day here.  We flew into Las Vegas, rented a car and went straight to the spa.  I had arranged all of our appointments with Jackie and we can't praise her enough for the great professional service she gave us.  We each had facials, massages, manis and pedis and in between treatments we relaxed in the nicely appointed lounge area  where we were served mimosas and snacks.  Each of us were so happy with our treatments, the package price was very reasonable and we all left refreshed and ready to start our vacation in Las Vegas. Highly recommend this spa.  Everyone is very friendly and attentive.  We hope to return again and make this our first stop before going any place else.  Thank you Jackie and to all the staff that made the start of our vacation so great.  I rated the price as moderate because compared to what the big casino spas want for just a massage...this is priced so fair for the package we received. Sylvia R.
