4	Good value for mony. Tasty quality and made to order. Great selection.:-)
2	The food was fine, but not worth trying again.  I got sesame chicken and it was pretty good, but the Hunan beef had very little meat and tasted nothing like normal Hunan.  The dumplings were ok, but the sauce was strange and sweet and they forgot my egg roll.  All in all it was not terrible, but it was at best ok.
4	My new favorite take out place.  Friendly staff, good, fresh and delicious food
1	So I went for a "quick" lunch today and ordered a simple fried rice and waited 20 minutes,when I caught the woman at the counter realize that my order wasn't placed so she sent the order and preceded to argue with another customer about a take out that was done wrong. Waited a couple of more minutes then left and ate at Johnny's Red Bowl . The End !
3	Great food!!!!! I had a bag egg roll last time but its a hit or miss. But best Chinese food  around this area
5	Great food.  Loved the service!! Price was amazing.   A must if you love Chinese food and are in the area.
2	We have been regulars here for take out for years.  The ownership has changed at least once, and I am guessing that it has changed recently again.  The quality has dropped drastically.  After having been disappointed twice, we were hoping it was a fluke and tried again.  I always order a spicy chicken or beef dish and my husband always gets the house special fried rice.  Same poor quality.  It makes me sad that we don't have a decent Chinese restaurant nearby anymore.
3	Lightning fast "strip-mall" style Chinese food.  It's exactly what you expect it to be.  It's a great spot to stop by after work and pick up a quick take-out meal for the family, but I wouldn't expect too much by the way of "cuisine".Had the beef with broccoli, kung pao chicken, and sweet and sour chicken recently.  All of which were made from picky-eater friendly ingredients, and were a hit with the kids.  I do like the fact that the staff is all Chinese and a few words spoken from the customers in Mandarin seem to go over well.Overall it's nothing special, but a decent value for a mid-week take home meal.
3	It is difficult to find really good, high quality Chinese food close by... so I have tried several of the little take-out places in the 28277 area. I recently tried the Wok for takeout and found it to be pretty solid.  I ordered Kung Pao Chicken and the chicken and sauce was good.  I wasn't thrilled about the mix of veggies they used, but it wasn't bad.  I got a meal that came with an egg roll and it was not the best egg roll, but I really prefer spring rolls anyway.  I went back for take out a second time and this time I got the garlic chicken with brown rice. It was not as good as the garlic chicken at Wan Fu, but I would order this again when I am looking for quick takeout close to home.
