4	My BFF and I were walking in Christown Spectrum Mall last night when we came upon Wingstop. Leaning over the bar that separates the mall from the restaurant, we decided that one day we'd return for beer and wings. But, mostly for the beer and to people watch...because that's what one does at CS Mall. After parting ways, I decided to give Wingstop a shot and was pleasantly surprised. The restaurant was nearly empty when I walked in at 8 there was a young couple with their baby cart on a counter and a lady with a Wal-Mart shopping cart with her purchases (including a case of beer). Wingstop doesn't have a huge menu but they have the basics for survival: wings, fries, beer. With nine sauces from which to chose---Atomic, Cajun, Original Hot, Mild, Hickory Smoked BBQ, Lemon Pepper, Garlic Parmesan, Hawaiian and Teriyaki---there's a great variety of options. I sampled the Atomic and instantly knew that my mouth and stomach would hate me if I selected that sauce. Instead, I ordered a 10 piece boneless combo and Pacifico. I was given the option of two sauces---Original Hot and Garlic Parm, in this case---and a dip, blue cheese. After being informed it would take about nine minutes, I took a seat to take in the scene. First, I have to say the customer service was incredible. It's truly appreciated when young people exhibit even mediocre customer service skills and the crew here were solid. As for the food, the wings were very good. The Original Hot are your basic wing sauce, nothing too fancy; the Garlic Parm was great with a generous sprinkling of parmesan cheese. The fries, as the website state, are fresh-cut and you can tell they're not processed in the normal fashion of fries, which is a good thing. You can even request more of your sauce or another from the list in which to dip your fries or wings. Sweet! The only complaint I have is the paper towels are only one roll located at the front counter. I guess I can understand keeping costs down by limiting the amount of waste that could happen, but wings can get messy.Tuesday nights they have a $2 beer special: all beer is only $2!By the time I left the front dining area had filled up a bit more, an encouraging sign. If you find yourself in the CS Mall area, stop on by. Entrances are from the parking lot and the mall.
5	My friends and I went in Wingstop at two minutes to midnight thinking these people are going to hate us...they close at midnight. We were surprised. We offered to take order to go, and they were so nice. They told us to take as long as we like..so we kind of did. We ordered the lemon pepper, which was off the charts amazing. We also ordered the hot, which was good. The BBQ was amazing. These are the best wings in town. The ranch was homemade, and the fries had what tasted like sugar on them. They also have pitchers of beer, which is probably last thing we needed...but we had a driver. The staff was so friendly. They offered to package the wings we had left to go. To our surprise when we got home they had given us extra dinner rolls, ranch, beans, and potato salad. This place is awesome. Been to other Wingstops, which are wonderful...but the staff killed it tonight...and the food rocked..
4	I never ate here until last week. I'm picky on the wings, for me they have to have the right sauce and enough meat. Well I came here and ordered the bbq boneless wings and they are bomb! I mean good! The fries are okay too but I think they add sugar on them and that's weird. Other than that it was good. I also tried some of the hawaiian flavor wings but I didn't like them. They kind of tasted like the chinese sweet and sour chicken.
5	Best wings I've ever had are here. They have loads of choices in flavor as well as strips and sandwiches. Reasonably priced too. Been to this Wingstop many times with no issues whatsoever. Usually get the 30 wings, fries, and veggies. I think it's $24.99. Give or take. Love this place.
3	Normally good wings and plenty of different sauces to choose from.   A wing order will usually take 10 - 15 minutes.  So if a worker says that "it will be 5 mins," you can be sure that they are pulling old wings from under the lamp to serve.  (usually during slow times)A wing that has been sitting under the lamp for 15+ mins will be dehydrated.  And unless you like dry and crunchy wings, you'll have to remind them to cook it fresh.
5	Who said that KFC is the only chicken in town that is finger licking good? I have to say that is not true. The finger sized chicken wings either bone in or bone out are the best finger popping chicken I have ever had. The freshly made never frozen chicken takes a while to cook but is worth the wait. I believe there are 12 different flavors to choose as a wing sauce or seasoning. My favorite is the Lemon Pepper. Taste like home cooked fried chicken with some good ole seasoning. The fries freshly cut from real potatoes are a great partner in crime to the mouth. These tasty skins are packed with seasoning in every bite. The Resturant offers meal deals or individual food items for sale. You can purchase party platters for big football days when friends and family come. This location has its liquor license so you can purchase ice cold bottles beer besides soda. The Resturant has late hours and a big screen TV. Place to take the kiddos too. Plenty of food fun here...
5	Who said that KFC is the only chicken in town that is finger licking good? I have to say that is not true. The finger sized chicken wings either bone in or bone out are the best finger popping chicken I have ever had. The freshly made never frozen chicken takes a while to cook but is worth the wait. I believe there are 12 different flavors to choose as a wing sauce or seasoning. My favorite is the Lemon Pepper. Taste like home cooked fried chicken with some good ole seasoning. The fries freshly cut from real potatoes are a great partner in crime to the mouth. These tasty skins are packed with seasoning in every bite. The Resturant offers meal deals or individual food items for sale. You can purchase party platters for big football days when friends and family come. This location has its liquor license so you can purchase ice cold bottles beer besides soda. The Resturant has late hours and a big screen TV. Place to take the kiddos too. Plenty of food fun here...
3	I've heard a lot of good reviews so I went and tried it out. The place was clean and good service. I wasn't a fan of the wings they are more on the slimy side. The French fries had good seasoning.
2	Wing stop is delicious! The chicken is always cooked perfectly and super crispy. This wing stop in particular is very stingy with their wing sauces though. A lot of the time there just isn't enough sauce making the chicken some what bland depending what flavor. The French fries are seasoned very good, yet are disgusting due to the lack of crisp or crunch. They are extremely soggy and mushy. Even when asked to make them extra crispy they fail and are just as soft. I go to this location a lot because it's the closet to me, I haven't had such issues at other locations. The customer service here is alright, nothing great. The employees look very sad or like they don't want to be there. And there are often little mistakes such as forgetting the drinks, side sauces, incorrect change back, and wrong type of wings (boneless or bone in). Overall wing stop is great with their chicken, just this location makes me second guess since all the aspects besides the chicken are poor.
4	Never been here before although I've known of it for years. Today my biz partner and I will try the Blazin Wings which are supposed to be hotter than the devil with chlamydia. We will see. I will report soon.Ok I'm back. The Blazin wings were good but not hot enough for me. The mango habanero was delicious. Desert heat a close 2nd.  I have came, I have conquered. Respect my gangsta.
4	Ok ive passed this place is a whole bunch of times but have never went inside , tonight I was ready to get my mouth set on fire so if I went all out I started with the blazing wings ,the mango habanero, asian zing, and topped it off with desert heat If your not into really hot spicy food do not even attempt  to do what i just did. I started with the hottest 1st and I took a bite into the blazing wing it was perfect it made my baby lips tingle and set my mouth on fire what I was able to take it like a man . And proceeded to eat about 4 more back to back w no problem, since my mouth was on fire I washed it down w some blue moon beer . Perfect combo, I moved onto the mango  habanero and was no problem I really like this one as a fav, next was asian zing little mild for me but flavorfull and desert heat was perfect to end everything , I all the wings and it left me wanting more so I ended up ordering another ten more different type of wings I will say that I will be back to satisfy my spicy mouth hunger but I know my butthole will hate me in the morning
2	Slooooooooowwwwww.  I tried ordering online so the food would be ready when I got there, or shortly thereafter.  WRONG!!  I actually waited an additional 40 minutes after I arrived.  I love Wing Stop, but this location needs improvement in a very bad way.  I will have to find another location for my fix.
2	Food and service sucked !!! So to begin with the cashier was very quiet and hard to understand. To add on, she kept picking up the phone and interrupting my order as I was ordering. She managed to get my order. My friend orders and is interrupted as well. To make it even more annoying the cashier gave her the wrong change and was 10.00 off . To top it off, it wasn't even a busy day. Takes about 20 minutes to get our food, chicken is dropping in oil not crispy and out fries were soggy and bland. I would never go back, might as well set my money on fire
5	I've been coming to this location for years now, mostly ordering to pick up, but occasionally eating in. Every time I call to pick up, the order is ready within ten minutes and it's FRESH. I've never had to wait longer than ten, and today is no different, though I'm dining at a table before my eye appointment. I always always always order Lemon Pepper boneless wings- I love variety as much as the next guy if not more, but I CANNOT branch away because these are so damn tasty. Dip them in honey mustard.The dining room is clean but divey enough for my tastes, and is certainly a welcome respite from the... um, pleasure of Spectrum Christown Mall. That's uncalled for, I'm sorry. Anyway, ridiculously tasty, fresh, inexpensive chicken and beer. I got no complaints.
2	I hate coming to this location because they never get my order correct, after the third time of screwing my order up I contacted management and was offered - 5 free wings with my next order.....the wings are great but pass on this location or at the very least make sure you check your complete order before heading home and being disappointed like I was.
1	Horrible.. Horrific.. horrid..Three words that describes my most recent visit to this establishment. Calling is a restaurant would give it way more credit than it deserves.Over priced.. over cooked..We called to complain and were told that even if we brought the wings back all we'd get is the wings replaced with more wings.Yeah, as if I'd waste more gas just to get more awful "food". Refusing to refund a customer for wretched, burned up, tiny wings is ridiculous.SO.. SAVE YOUR MONEY AND GO ELSEWHERE.
1	DON'T DO IT!Let me save you the wasted time and dinning dollarsEvery Sunday our family has what we call "hot wings Sunday". Normally we order take out from Rosie McCaffrey's Irish Pub & Restaurant, on Camelback Road but because of the storm this weekend they lost powers and were not serving food as a second choice I called Long Wongs but they weren't answering their phones so as a last choice I called Wingstop hoping against my better judgement that the food might be ok. Our normal order is 20 med, 10 BBQ and 6 hot. Because their wings only come on orders of 10 we ordered 40 wings at $33. In my book that's pretty steep for wings. Imagine my surprise when I arrived home and discovered with much disappointed that our order did not come with ranch, blue cheese or even a single sliver of celery - REALLY? Wingstop???  Sauce and veggies are considers extra sides? PATHETIC! Now as far as the quality of the food- it's glorified fast food- and that's probably too nice. I would put it in the ranks of McDonald's- it's terrible!The wings were greasy and tasted terrible. Soggy chicken skin with a flavorless buffalo sauce. The boneless wings were bad too- it's about what you would find in a grocery store quick serve hot food section. I expect more from an establishment that calls its self a restaurant. Save yourself the disappointment- DON'T GO THERE!Rosie McCaffrey's Irish PubLong WongsEven Streets the of New York (while not my favorite) all have real hot wings worth eating.
3	The good thing about chain restaurants? They're all pretty consistent.Was craving Wingstop's Garlic Parmesan wings and their awesome house fries. Ordered an order of the Garlic Parmesan and Lemon Pepper wings to share along with fries. They also had a Yelp Check-In offer for 5 boneless bites which was cool.The wings tasted the same as any other location, crispy and flavorful. Fries were filling and plentiful. Typical to wait at least 15 minutes or so for them to cook the chicken, but not bad.Interesting set of people that come in here however, so be wary of that.
3	If you've been to 1 Wingstop then you've been to them all. That's the good thing about chain restaurants, they are fairly consistent. This particular hub is usually pretty busy because of the mall crowd so if you're doing take out, call or order ahead of time. Haven't had any bad experiences with food nor service.
