5	I love the new Hobby Lobby!  And it opened just in time for my visit to Mesa Arizona!  I understand they opened Thursday but their official Grand Opening is today, June 14th. Since we don't have any of these stores in San Diego I try to visit them in other towns when I am there and this one is about the nicest I've been to.  They were  having such killer sales I spent a bundle yesterday and am headed back over there today to visit the departments I ran out of time to see yestereday.  I plan  to add this to my list of places to visit every time I come to town now!
1	-Long, slow lines. -Dirty, filthy restrooms (even for being new!)-Not enough open registers (usually just 1 or 2).-I'm done shopping here due to the neverending long lines and their lack of calling up back-up cashiers, even Wal*Mart is better organized than this!-Do yourself a favor and get your craft supplies at Michaels instead.
4	This store is awesome! There is so much random/cool/weird/interesting things you can find there. There are so many craft ideas to keep you busy! The staff is pretty helpful and helped us to find exactly what we were looking for. The one thing that I dislike is that their prices are a little steep, and I could probably find anything I was looking for at various other places, so Hobby Lobby is simply convenient because it is organized and you can find everything you're looking for there.
4	Bummer to read such negative reviews about a business I've never been disappointed by.First off, Hobby Lobby has just about *everything* you could possibly buy at Michaels, Pier One, and Party City all in one big store.  Second part - their prices are great!  I have bought lots of whos-its and whats-its for home decoration, crafts, gifts, etc that are very well priced and that I know I'd find more expensive at any of the above-mentioned stores.  After those 2 main points of huge selection and great prices you have customer service.  I have never had a problem here with bad service, in fact I find the staff really friendly and willing to help navigate the store.The lines may have been long a few times before, but not so bad that I'd say "eff it, I'm not coming back".. nor that I'd be furious about.  Honestly, the only big negative I could find was that I want to buy too many things when I come here because they have so many cool things for the house and for crafts.. but is that really a negative??I'm a fan of this place and I'm not even a house-wife!!
3	Hobby Lobby is a great place to buy a little house warming gift for someone.  Lots of unique wall hangings, picture frames and knick knacks.  They also offer some great decorations for whatever upcoming holiday is upon us -- stuff you don't see at every other store.  As far as craft supplies go, you're better off going to Michael's, it's cheaper and they have a better selection.  Whenever I'm working on a project I always go to both places and I end up getting the bulk of my stuff from Michael's.The staff isn't very helpful or friendly, they're always pissed off and stocking shelves.  Also, they are closed on Sunday because it's the Sabbath, which I respect but that's when I do most of my shopping so it doesn't help me out.
1	Their prices are higher than other places that have the same products.They need to stay out of personal healthcare.  Their attack on their employees' personal healthcare choices is totally out of line.
4	Its a good looking hobby store, very clean inside & a ton of crazy things you need you didn't know you needed. Only thing that throws me off is the constant 40-60% off pricing, please just rock bottom the prices. I'll get that warm & fuzzy feeling knowing that I'm getting things at a good price. Showing up & the things I don't know I'm looking for are on sale-just plain crazy....It's like they knew I was coming
1	I was in this store and went to purchase a scrapbook that was on an endcap with a sign that read, "50% off scrapbook albums". When I went to purchase, the cashier told me that the item was not on sale, but she would call someone to find out if the sign was incorrect. They said there was no sign and I paid full price for the item. I then went back to check and took a picture of the sign on the endcap with the product that I had purchased. When I asked a manager to refund the difference, they called up an associate that told me the picture I had was not taken that day and it was not on sale.
1	I am only writing this review to say I'm DONE with hobby lobby. Every time I go to that store I go to the register with the expectation that the items I chose were on sale. 9 times out of 10 I get the "oh it's only a certain brand". Seriously!? This has happened too many times and I'm just tired of their sale signs ALL over the store, yet what I want is never on sale. Sorry I don't have a magnifying glass to read the fine print on your signs. (I'd buy one, but it's probably not on sale!)Peace out, hobby lobby. I'm done.
5	Rating only based on customer service as the selection is massive and the stores are clean. 5 of 5 on customer service. I always feel like the most important customer when I'm looking for anything in these stores and that didn't change from one location to the next. I'm definitely a fan.
