5	Janine is the best in the biz.  We first met her when she was working out of Men's Apparel Club and she tailored my fiance's suit which needed to be very slim-fitted.  She has since done a few of my friend's dresses and one of mine.  BUT the biggest thing is that she did my wedding dress alterations.  Janine has twenty years of bridal experience and I felt very comfortable handing my dress to her.  Her prices are very competitive, especially when compared to those who work directly with bridal salons.  I bought my dress consignment and there were a lot of things that I changed -- it was an A-line that I converted to a mermaid, I changed the neckline to sweetheart, and I installed a decorative belt, to name a few.  Janine never batted an eye to any request.  She has an extremely quick turnaround and is flexible to working around your schedule.  I loved that I didn't have to worry about making a specific appointment with her, I could just drop in on a certain day and everything would be ready.  Moral of the story: I will be bringing all of my alterations to Janine and recommending her to all my friends!
5	She is wonderful.  Out of town bridesmaids found when they got here their bridal stores alterations were terrible.  Janine fixed them in a rush.  Knows her stuff.  She is nice and down to earth
5	Picked up a suit in Phoenix & needed some quick alterations before a wedding.  She had no problems hitting the deadline and even removed the tags of my jacket for me eventhough I ended up having nothing done to it! Just a nice little shop and happy to recommend her.
5	My wife has been here a few times and I have dropped off pants. Extremely friendly mother and daughter with quick turn around. Would recommend them highly.
5	Between the lowest prices I've found locally and the very warm and welcoming staff I was very happy to have found this place when I needed several pants altered.  The mother & daughter team give you a very welcoming friendly feeling from the moment you step inside.  The alterations I requested were done perfectly and on time.  They even were able to fix some pants I loved that had a tare on them near the label.Since pants seldom come in my size I'll very likely become a regular.
