5	Great location in South End, only 1 block from my apt!  Only wish they would stay open till 11 instead of closing at 10 pm.
4	Yup, this is the CVS in my hood - South End. Whether I need to grab a quart of milk, some band aids and a greeting card on the go in one swoop - this satisfies. Y'all know what a CVS looks like and this one is well organized, clean and staffed with polite peeps. If you've been to a CVS before you know those CVS bucks and printable discounts can be total winners - no exception here. I had a particularly nice experience a few weeks back when I picked up a prescription and the pharmacist immediately and kindly applied all of my just printed coupons to the remainder of my basket. Score! As long as I live in South End I'll continually come back to this CVS. Yay for convenience - make sure you bring your own reusable tote to avoid using their plastic bags!
4	Typical CVS with a broad mix of clientele. They have mad sales after the holidays where you can get holiday goodies for 75% or 90% off which is always a plus. I love how their circular tells you which items on sale have a coupon in that Sunday's paper as well as I'm trying to save as much dough as possible. My interaction with the front of the store cashiers have always been meh but they have a fabulous pharmacy, they always work quickly and I am in and out with my drugs-hooray!
4	this isn't the closest cvs to my home but it's the one i've learned to love. spacious, well organized, great pharmacy staff. I just wish someone would tell me why they have to lock up the suave. really? keep the bumble and bumble out in the open but save the cheap body wash? this being said I've had issues with cvs' cased items before... I could never get over having to ask someone at the uptown/6th st to unlock a $1.99 calculator which was right next to a easily accessible $7.99 office item, but who knows, maybe the thieves of south end are all about cleanliness?at this location, though, the staff has always been courteous, the sales are always great, the shelves are always stocked and organized (though i have noticed the bayer/goodys powder section is occasionally completely empty) and how can you be mad about doing some cvs shopping right next to yummy sandwiches at laurel?
1	Worst pharmacy customer service Ive ever experienced. I started using this pharmacy in July, when I moved to Charlotte as its near my home. And Ive been trying to give it a fair chance...thinking it was a one-time thing or where someone was just having a bad day...no. They seem understaffed and miserable because of it. Everyone is too busy filing orders and playing in medicine, that it takes at least 5-7 minutes of people waiting in line, before 1 person even walks over to acknowledge the growing line. A smile, or a "be with you all in one second," would be nice. And the bad attitudes are not very becoming. If you hate your job, find a new one. Im sure there's plenty of unemployed people who would love it and be happy doing it.
2	The shop might be open, but the pharmacy works different hours. You'll want to call in advance if you're headed here outside of the usual business hours.Tight parking lot with several "compact" spaces that seemed to have two SUV's and a big four-door when we popped in to get a prescription filled. Since the pharmacy was closed, we went elsewhere. Helpfully, the counter clerk pointed us to a pharmacy that was open. A competitor!
4	This CVS gets pretty dang busy. The employees are helpful and move pretty quickly. They also have some pretty good deals, generally. I've only used the pharmacy once, but the pharmacist was very knowledgeable, friendly, and even told me to get well soon (stupid bronchitis!)
2	This is not a nice CVS.  I only go here because it is on my way home from work so the convenience is great but that's about it.  It just seems so dark and dingy to me, perhaps its just very old and in need of a refurbishing?  The lack of a drive through also knocks them down a star because the parking lot here always seems to be chaos and if I didn't have to go in, I'd never know how run down it is!
2	A disappointing experince everytime I come here. I was getting a prescription filled, b/c my normal pharmacy did not carry the product, and was told it would be a 10-15 wait. I decided to paruse the store and check out the magazines, etc, and pick up a few things.  The store was dirty, the staff was rude, and the pharmacy check-out was a mess. There were four or five people waiting, three or four pharmacists asking for people's date of birth and last name from all over, let's talk about customer privacy.  Finally after over 45 minutes I was out of there, and happy to be.  Next time I'll let my pharmacy order the presciption and pick it up the next day.
2	I called to ask a general question.  I finally got through the automated messaging, and the phone started ringing.  They picked up and immediately hung up the phone.This happened twice... the second time she actually said "hello", then hung up.
2	Their pharmacy service has become slow. 30 minutes just to drop-off or pick-up! Ridiculous!
2	This place looks like it can use a nice renovation. It's conveniently located near my apartment, which makes it easy to walk to. Employees here can be hit or miss. Either they are extremely friendly or helpful, or they are extremely rude.I only go here if I forgot something at target or if I'm looking for a last minute movie rental (Redbox right outside is convenient).
1	Terrible pharmacy.  I live nearby and have used this pharmacy for 20 years even though it is overcrowded and always has long lines.  Today they required eight hours and multiple phone calls by me to fill a prescription.  I called the pharmacy hourly looking for the prescription and was informed that the doctor never called.  After repeated calls to the doctor to confirm, cvs changed their story to "she left the wrong number", so we couldn't fill the prescription.  No clear answer on why they didn't alert me to this every time I called to check on it.  At the end of the nightmare, they claimed to have left a message at my house which they did not.  I moved all of my family's prescriptions to Rite Aid across the street, where there is always helpful quick service, a drive thru and never a line.
1	By far the worst pharmacists ever. Aren't they suppose to be helpful? Weird. Don't go here. They are the worst.
3	I started coming here to get my perscription when my new insurance made me. So I wasnt very happy about the change to begin with.  My disappointment continued as almost every single time I go to pick up my perscriptions (they are on auto refill) I wait 15 - 20 mins because the line is so long. The store it's self is great to stop in quickly and pick up stuff. They are always friendly The parking lot is small but I almost always find parking.
