5	Went to this salon today for first time". Had color to roots and highlights. Was extremely pleased with the results and the service. Price was very reasonable. I will definitely return. After trying several salons in recent months with mediocre results this one wins hands down
5	I've been going here for my last 3 hair cuts. They do good job here. My hair stylist is Elizabeth. She gets better and better with my hair.. (I have weird hair lol) if you are in the neighborhood, check them out. They have great customer service. I Don't plan on switching hair stylist anytime soon.
5	What a hidden gem for Las Vegas!! I actually heard about these lovely ladies through Yelp and Facebook reviews. I love that they showcase before and after photos of their work. There is no greater peace of mind than actually seeing GREAT WORK with your own eyes before you trust a new stylist to work on your hair. I showed Elizabeth a photo of the ombre I envisioned for my new look. Within 5 minutes Liz began working towards the transformation. Results?  ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS, of course! I continuously receive compliments on the meticulous ombre style. It has been several weeks and the colors keep getting better. I must also note Liz gives a KILLER haircut/style, quite possibly my favorite ever.DO IT! You will not be disappointed, these ladies are masters of their craft and perfectionists. AK.
5	LOVE this place. Totally recommending them to everyone I know :) I'm so happy I found them ! Ericka was so nice and I can tell she loves her job and takes the time to make you happy and gives great advice
5	Great customer service, great service in general. Got haircuts, color and the brazilian blowout LOVE IT ALL. Cuts for my kids were done above my expectations and better than any other place that specializes in kids cuts. They have very reasonable prices but the best is how welcome they make you feel.
5	This place is amazing. I went here after a coworker told me she went there. I called the day I needed an appointment expecting that I would have an appointment in a week or so, and I had an appointment an hour later. The woman who took care of me was one of the owners, and she was beyond nice. I am really paranoid about having my hair cut, because it usually gets messed up. I informed her of this, and she did a terrific job. I will continue to go only here to get my hair done!
5	Great place to get anything done, customer service is great too, they are very nice and professional. I get a haircut here every month and they do a completely great job. I've recommended my mother and aunts to this place and they totally love it. 10/10 would recommend
5	Excellent service from the girls! And a excellent job on hair cuts! Definitely coming back!!
5	I went here again this month and again, Erica did an amazing job! As I said before, I will only go here. I know for a fact that it was not just a one time thing that she did amazing with my hair. She is just amazing at what she does and she is so sweet!
