3	Unlike my previous late night dessert and coffee encounter with Peckham's Underground (of which was a thoroughly satisfying affair) I decided to opt for the lunch menu during a wet, boring day in Edinburgh.A roasted vegetable pie with a tangy chutney, a couple of fishcakes with a similar chutney provided some decent but not amazing homely grub.Peckham's Underground seems to fully excel in the coffee and cake category but is hindered somewhat by its mediocre lunch offerings.Still, I will be back.
4	This is a safe and tasty choice for lunch or dinner, if you're in the area and want something decent and substantial, but you don't want to sit in that slightly posing, minding what you're doing way that some restaurants make you feel like you have to do.Peckhams is well established in Edinburgh as one of the top delis of choice for lovers of fine cuts of salami, tubs of plump olives and hunks of cheese you don't get in the supermarket. The tastiness and far better than average quality of the fare served up in Peckhams Underground is similar to the standard and type of food on offer at the deli, with a classic, fairly straightforward menu for night and day scoffing, plus some indulgent looking desserts. It's pretty moody and dark down here, with the red seating and dimmed lighting, so it could be a good call for a bottle of wine and some dating skills, plus it's laidback enough so that there's never too much pressure on your dining experience.
4	I love this place... this place has all delicious food, and I lived just above here, so this place was like my huge gourmet fridge.  I still miss it!
4	Oh Peckhams, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways.Upstairs, your shop floors abound with tempting delicacies, delights and mouthwatering treats. Pricey you may be, but delectable and therefore worth my pretty pennies.But for this review I turn to your restaurant, Peckhams Underground. What a cosy little cave this turned out to be.Plush red velvet booths allowed me to recline in the lap of luxury (well, minus the big tear on one of the chairs that couldn't help but irritate the perfectionist in me). Friendly waitresses who put up with my indecisive, order-changing mood...twice..with a smile.Romantic, cosy and perfect for a date, or as I did, dinner with some lovely lady friends.The menu full of delicious dishes, left me stumped for a few moments (and as I said, required me to change my order.) Platter to share? It's there, abound with venison, salmon, cheeses, deli items, roast veg. Little nibbles? You bet, there's smoked salmon and pates galore. Or a bigger, heartier meal? Yes please. Make mine the chicken breast with sweet potato mash.Yes, still a little pricier than a pub-dinner, but oh it was worth it. The food really was delicious, prepared wonderfully, seasoned to perfection, I can't really complain about anything. And the desserts, chalked up on BOTH sides of the chalk board. Theres little treats (tray bakes, scones, mince pies) and then the larger desserts (banoffee pie, cheesecakes and more). All 4 desserts my companions and I sampled induced those *eyes to heaven* moments, and made my taste buds literally tingle.Yes Peckhams, you may have left my wallet a good few pennies lighter, and my waist line a good inch wider, but you were worth that sacrifice. Next time I want a cosy date, or a tete a la tete with some good friends, I'll be sure to look you up.
4	As this Peckhams is right down the street from where I work, I've opted for a bite to eat and a glass of wine here a handful of times, as well as the staff Christmas night out twice.  It might be the time of day, but every time I've been here there haven't been many full tables which never fails to confuse me because of where it is located and its tasty grub.  To me, this is the perfect place to head for a drink and a bite to share after work because they have a great variety of antipasti platters and a good selection of drinks.  I think maybe the problem is the fact that is really is set up like a restaurant and feels just a bit formal for post-work drinking.The two Christmas meals I've had here have been standard, but when a chef is churning out 25 meals at once to a table full of drunk academics, no one is really bothered by a bit of dry turkey.  Overall, Peckhams Underground has good food, excellent service, and good drinks in a relaxed atmosphere.  A must visit when in Bruntsfield.
5	I came here for a late lunch last Saturday when my man asked me to help him move office and I we both desperately needed food when we were finished.Unlike my previous comment about this place being empty - it was packed.  So packed that we really felt for the one waitress who was frantically running around trying to keep everyone happy.  We hummed and hawed over the menu a lot because everything looked really tasty but finally decided to share the baked camembert with bread, salad and cranberries, and the chorizo and bean stew.  They were both out.of.this.world.  Seriously.  I mean, baked camembert is going to be good any time but oooooooooo man.  When we'd eaten up all of the bread, my man actually took to eating the cheese with a spoon.  Disgustingly tasty.  His stew, though, was absolutely amazing.  Seriously, I want to know how to make it so I can eat it all of the time.  It was so chocked full of tastiness I actually want to go back right now and have more.  We had a couple of beers with our oh-so-amazing lunch and my guy decided that next time the boys want an after work pint, he's going to suggest Peckhams.  They have sharing platters and I think I saw nachos too, great treats to put some padding in your belly at the end of a long day, when a beer is the only thing that can cure the ills of a week at work.
3	Great for picking up a healthy lunch on the go. The are usually two soups to choose from, go before 1oclock as there is usally none left after that. Theres a rewards card if you purchase soup and a sandwich together. handy.
