4	I remember the days of saving up for my $100 trim at Perry, the Aveda salon downtown.  I've had bangs, the curly "be curly", a pedicure, facial, yada yada waste of time and money! While I will never be over the delicious smell of Aveda products and continue splurging whenever I can afford it, no longer will I pay $25 for the extra blow dry!!! Nope, now I pay $25 for all of the bells and whistles at El y Ella.  In this no appointment, hip Mexico City style salon, you can walk in and walk out with a banging new do in about 45 minutes.  A complimentary dry is part of the package and while I might stop at "Perry" for some rosemary mint shampoo, that's about it.  I've found my spot!
2	My first experience with "El Y Ella" I will admit went well. I walked in 30 minutes before the salons closing and the women available was more than happy to help me. She took her time and my haircut looked amazing! I decided to take a friend who had hair down to her waist. She was also wanting to donate her hair and get a new look. I was excited because my first experience was excellent. I made an appointment for 5 pm on a Friday for my friend. We walk into the salon and we were a little early. My stylist told us she would be with us in a few minutes. The problem is that when I walked in my heart sank. The stylist I wanted was doing somebodies color. It didn't look like she was too far into it either. It was also about 4:45. Ok, no big, I assumed she would be able to juggle both clients. 20 minutes later the girl looking bored behind the counter (Miss Greeter Ray O' Sunshine) tells my friend to go to a groudy looking sink in the back of the dark salon. I didn't know you can wash someones hair well in 2 minutes. She allows us to hang in the back of the salon and both stylists (only two were working that night) are still going strong on their clients. 20 Minutes later "Miss Thang" moves us from the back of the salon to a chair. 10 minutes later the stylist (who by the way keeps calling me the wrong name and won't stop gossiping about other clients and their lives) starts in on my friends hair who is a nervous wreck at this point. She cuts it just below her ears. Fine. She starts in on styling. Ok, we're finally going somewhere. She stops. Crap. She tells us she needs to work on her clients coloring "real quick". 20 minutes later she is back to my friend. To top it off, I don't know what the deal was but there were flies all over the salon. Then from out of nowhere the stylists son starts going off the handle. Here we go!!! No idea where he came from but he started throwing a tantrum like I've never seen thrown before. I mean this kid was grabbing things and throwing them! The stylist left my friend to go and tend to her spawn. Totally fine. Evil happens. 45 minutes later, the other stylist had to finally take over. My friends hair is completely dry and I am both upset and embarrassed that I had recommended we go to "El y Ella". My friend was being totally cool about it and all I wanted to do was make like goop and slither under a door and go far far away. Meanwhile the stylists kid is still going in a back room where she eventually had to drag him away to. I mean, you can hear thumping and bumping on the wall. I don't know about you but after 45 minutes my mama would have thumped and bumped on my behind. Actually, there would have been no 45 minutes!!! The stylist finished up my friend and all we wanted to do was just go. The stylist finally comes out from the back of the salons dungeon apologizes "Sorry Melissa". Obviously, no tip was left, I didn't care to fight to get half off on a haircut or whatever. We left 2 hours later. Mind you, the haircut came out looking lovely. But first you may have to almost get a toy car chucked at your head for it.
5	IWalked in 40-30 mins. Before close . My husband helped my son find a hair cut in the books. The lady was friendly. And he left with a BIG SMILE! A woman with red hair came. In and was talking to the receptionist while I was waiting. Saw my artwork and told me next door they have a day spa next door! That her husband was an artist! I want to check this out!I am ever so sad I didn't get my hair cut here! I went near my house, at Miguels on 16st/Roosevelt. They woman didn't listen and chopped off my hair!! I left crying.  When I get brave enough again, I amfor sure going to El y Ella!!
1	I walk on a Sat morning at 11am for a retouch on my ombre hair. I had it blonde already and the lady first told me to wait I did. She then came back got me started put foils on which I think she wasn't going to do bec my hair was already light. I show her a picture and ask her if thats how it was going to look a few times and she keep telling me yes. Long story short after3hrs or so she remove the foils and wash my hair put some treatment on it and left me there(for another 30-45mins). I got tired of waiting for her and wash my hair and I also blow dry my own hair bec she was busy with 2 other ladies. My hair was horrible YELLOW AND FRY so burn, uneven tones of yellow/orange/black and red when all I wanted was a caramel ombre. I was so mad but I still just pay her after 6+hrs all I wanted was to go home so I had no energy for arguing. I did told her I didn't like it and that it was too yellow she just said it looks pretty and continue on checking me out. I do not recomment Rachel or the location on 16th st at all. I when the next day with the intention of looking for the owner so I when to the other location on 15th ave and Camelback Lorraine was awesome she immediatley address me and apologize, did a color correction. She fix my hair it look exactly how I wanted. She was really nice/caring and ask what I wanted and not wanted. She was also super fast and did my hair in about 2hrs or less. I really recomment Lorraine at the Camelback location. She also didn't charge me for the correction she just apologize for the incovenience and gave me a treatment to fix my brittle dry hair.
5	Visit the new website http://www.elyellasalon.com/
