5	Rain Massage - ever had 1??  This is the 2nd time I've taken advantage  the couples massage room :-)  The Rain Massage was unique - using rain sticks as background sounds, as well as smaller rain sticks utilized for massaging during the massage.If you are bored with 'regular' massages, this is a cool alternative to try - espcially together.FYI - with any/all spa treaments, you have use of the rest of the facilites: work-out room, pilates & yoga classes, adult pool, steam room, jacuzzi, ect.  This is located in the Westin Kierland Resort.
4	More like 4.4 stars but only because I think the facilities at the Fairmont in Scottsdale are better.It's been awhile since I've been here but It was my favorite Valley resort spa until I visited the Fairmont. I think it was a good value as I hung out at one of their pools and the massage was little less-pricey.  The masseuse seemed well-trained and very professional in comparison to the one I met at the Fairmont.  Would definitely return!
5	Loved every bit of my Spa Day at Kierland. You get to take advantage of the whole facility, gym and pool (unlike some other fancy shmancy resorts).The massage by Tera was amazing and I utilized every inch of the spa. Started with a great work out, went for my 2 treatments then on to the sauna, jacuzzi and out by the pool to order lunch. Ahhh! Thanks for a great day Agave staff.
5	I can't say enough about how friendly and helpful the staff of the spa is- from the front desk to the massage therapists to the yoga instructor.  There was not an ounce of condescension from anyone.It was the little things, too:  I liked having access to the spray bottle for extra eucalyptus oil in the steam room, sized sandals, extra-luxurious robes, sizable showers with all possible toiletries available...The fruit smoothies are amazing, too, so don't forget to grab one on your way back out to lounge at the pool!
5	My favorite spa in the world, this place is magic.The staff is wonderful, and as soon as you walk in it transports you to a different place and pace. The robes and slippers immediately feel like heaven, and I could've just hung out all day in the waiting room sipping on their homemade limeade.I had the la stone massage and a scrub over the week or so that I stayed at the Westin Kierland, and I still dream of this place.
5	My dream in life is to schedule weekly spa days at the five star locations around the Valley and spend every Saturday like the one I recently had at the Westin's Agave Spa at Kierland. Sadly, I don't think this dream will come true anytime soon, but because of that I cherish anytime I get a spa day and I'm pleased that my visit to Agave Spa was everything I hoped it would be!The Westin Kierland itself is gorgeous and flawless, but it has more of a concrete decor feel to it. It doesn't have the Old Phoenix feel to it like some, but it's clean, gorgeous and flawless just the same. The Agave Spa has just the same feel. Walking in, I immediately caught wind of the delicious signature scent of the spa. It smelled so good, I wanted to put the scent in my bag and keep it with me at all times. The staff was extremely friendly right off the bat and quickly showed us to the ladies locker room to get us settled. I like to arrive to the spa as early as possible in order to enjoy as much time there as possible. Once I was settled in, I first used the gym to feel better about the pampering I would be doing later. As hard as it is to actually work out on a spa day, it makes me feel so much better and I've added it to my spa routine. But, I make sure I do it when I first arrive. The gym is refreshing because it overlooks the pool. The treadmill is state of the art, offered me way more options than I needed and even had a tv built inside. After my workout, it was time for the massage. The 50 minutes massage was just what the doctor ordered! The masseuse was friendly but not overly chatty which I really appreciate in a masseuse. The room felt refreshing and the music was soothing. The only problem I had with the room was that it was a little too bright for my liking, but then they put a scented mask on my eyes which helped. After my heavenly massage, we continued our girls day out and winded down in the jacuzzi, ordered lunch and drinks while we laid out at the tranquil adult's-only pool and used every amenity the spa had to offer. I decided to shower at the spa because the showers are gorgeous with the popular Westin shower heads and delicious Kai products. They even offer limeade in addition to water and tea to quench your thirst. The entire day was tranquil, relaxing and an excellent way to cool off during the extreme heat. If I could, I would have purchased every Kai Fragrance product they were selling, but the pocketbook wouldn't allow. It's officially on my wish list though! I will end with a special tip to all my fellow locals out there. Every Wednesday, they offer discounts for local residents including 30% off spa services and 20% off spa products! Now you know where I'll be after work on Wednesdays!
4	I feel bad adding just four stars to all the five star reviews here, but I just wasn't as jazzed as everyone else (probably because I got a quick service and not a day of massage like everyone else). So let me be clear on what kind of customer I was- I was here at the hotel for 10 days of work from breakfast til midnight and not a single day off. I didn't have the luxury of time for massages, scrubs, and such. I'm sure it's great if you can pull it off, but I didn't have the time because of why I was here. Too bad too, because the little $5 vouchers you get everyday that your room isn't cleaned add up and can be used here. I don't like having people come in and mess with my stuff, so I had quite a collection. Sadly, I came in for a pedi before I knew that, but a quickie pedi was all this gal had time for!So with me not really having any time but with toes that needed a little help, I came in for an "On the Go" pedi. The relaxation room was nice, but when you're on the go for real, you don't really want to chill with a bunch of ladies in robes in the dark. You want to sit down, get your feet done, and be on your way. The pedi itself was a decent balance of being quick and a little luxurious; the massage chair was on and there was a calf rub in it, but I would have preferred to skip the calves and have more time soaking and scrubbing my soles. And while this pedi has been strong and hasn't chipped in the week and a half I've had it, there were also visible brush marks where there wasn't sufficient coverage. If it were the cheapie place at home, I wouldn't make a stink. But this was $68 worth of pedi, albeit at a resort.I still give it 4 stars because I'm nice (aw) and because I can see the potential the place has if you're not a working girl. Everyone was nice, customers all seemed relaxed and happy, nice facilities. I would maybe suggest to other working gals to cross the street to Kierland Commons and hit up the nail bar there. No idea if it is better, but the hours are probably more convenient and I would guess a better nail experience. If you have time for more services, I'd give Agave a chance.
3	a quite nice but large spa.  i've been a few times now for massages and enjoyed hanging out a bit more than the massage itself.  technicians are adequate but not really outstanding.  the gym is large and airy which i like a lot.  kind of strange to check in right in the middle of a store and also hard to find someone to check you out when it's time to go.  the staff was friendly and attentive.  some friends went recently for spa week and said the facials were okay but they'd had better.  i guess this is just the way it is in a big corporate resort.  :^(
3	Overall, not a bad spa. I stayed at the hotel for a few nights and enjoyed using this space. The whirlpool was unheated one day and the staff seemed rather uninterested in that fact. Staff on a whole are friendly, but a bit aloof, too. There's so much staff foot traffic through the men's spa area that it makes it a bit less relaxing. All in all, though, this is a nice space with good amenities.
4	I was my first time with manicure. Usually I got only padicure. The lady who provided me the service is so good. I felt relax with the scent that I chose. I like the idea of choosing the scent from choosing the picture of the flower.The locker room is nice with steam room and hot tub. However, I forgot to bring the bathing suit to try to tub. Steam room is nice and clean.The retail area is quite big so I did not have a chance to look at all the products.
4	Summary: Overall, worth the priceRecommendation: If you're at the hotel on business (as I'm sure most hotel guests are), this is a good place to wind down at the end of a long dayI was at the hotel for a meeting and decided to take some time for myself to get a facial. The people working at the front desk were very nice and accommodating. On short notice, they set me up with the Agave Signature Organic Facial. One of the best things about day spas is going early and relaxing, so I took a book and showed up an hour early to check out the facilities. Bonus: the slippers they provide come in multiple sizes! I have little feet and hate the clunky feel of the one-size-fits-all slippers most spas provide.They have a hot tub, steam room, and sauna along with a full locker room with showers and salon amenities. I didn't try the sauna, but the steam room was wonderful. The steam was heavy and oppressive (which sounds terrible unless you've been in a steam room before and know how awesome it really is). The hot tub was fine--a little small for my taste. It would've been crowded with more than two strangers. I loved that everything was naturally lit. Coming from a Michigan winter, I welcomed the sun.The relaxation room was about what you'd expect. There was a delicious agave-sweetened limeade outside. I kept going back for more. Rather than all fashion magazines, they had a bunch of travel and business magazines as well.The facial itself was sublime. (I hate it when someone writes about a service and doesn't specify the name of the person who provided it, but I'm going to have to be one of those people. I can't for the life of me remember her name.) As I said, I was coming from a Michigan winter plus the dry air of planes, and my skin was terribly, terribly damaged. It was so damaged that the first treatment stung a little bit, but she removed it as soon as I let her know and replaced it with something soothing. The extractions were quick and about as painless as I've ever had. She had me so relaxed that I almost fell asleep, and I loved the hand massage and warm gloves.Afterwards, my skin was red as it usually is after a facial, but it felt amazing. I kept touching it because it was so soft. By the next day, the blotchiness was gone, and all that was left was smooth, even skin. Love.So why not five stars? There was only one thing detracting from the whole experience, and that was the noise. You can hear the toilets from wherever you are within the spa, and it's really distracting. Also, during my appointment, it sounded like someone was walking up and down the hallway outside. I couldn't get fully in the moment.
3	Where do I begin?  This is going to be a long one. Get ready.   A friend and I called and made 10:00 appointments for a massage.  I also added a facial for later in the day.  Both of us received confirmations the day before for our appts.  My confirmation was a little odd as I got two phone calls from two separate people - 1 for the massage and 1 for the facial.  I thought it was kind of odd that they didn't piece it together that I had two appts in the same day - especially since I made the appts at the same time with the same person on the phone.  The day of the massage, however,  my friend was called at 9:30 and told that they had to move her appt to 10:30.  And if it didn't work for her they could look at a different day. Seriously?  No offer to give her a discount for the inconvenience or nothing.  Just a comment that said if you can't make it, we can schedule another day.  When I checked in the lady at the desk took note that I had two treatments scheduled.  And she said she'd tie them together so I'd get a discounted price for doing two treatments at once.  I was thankful for that but why didn't the person I made the appt with understand this?  Small complaint, I know but it just sets the tone for the day.  The quiet area is small.  Small chairs and couches.  No lounges.  Desert Ridge Marriott has a beautiful waiting area.  Many lounge chairs so you can spread out.  Lay back. Relax.  Two areas as well.  A fireplace for ambience.  Agave has low lighting for ambience.  Very disappointing.The massage was adequate.  Not great.  Now if you want to order a drink or food you have to leave the spa area (in your beautiful bath robe) to go out into the foyer to ask for it.  There should be some way I can do this without having to go out front.  Just awkward.  So after our massages we went out front and asked if we could get a mimosa.  They said they may have to order it from the hotel but that they would check and see if they had any champagne themselves to give us a complimentary glass.  Ok.  We went back into the spa and went into the jacuzzi.  The jacuzzi.  Gross.  I put my arms up on the back ledge and it was coated in dust and grime. This is the area between the back and against the wall. Obviously a pain to clean but this is supposed to be a 5 star spa.  The attendant comes back and tells us she doesn't have any champagne.  We said ok, and since you have to order it from the hotel anyway, just order us a bottle.  She says sure.  About 10 min later she comes back in and tells us our champagne is here.  And asks where we want to drink it.  Well...our first thought was.  Here of course.   But we said we'd get out of the jacuzzi and go into the quiet room.  So we go to the quiet area and wait.  A few minutes later another attendant comes in and says "Are you the ones with the champagne?'"  We say yes and she says well you can come out front to drink it, it's ready.  What?  Out front?  Meaning the foyer area?  They have a tiny little juice bar with a table and chairs and that's where we can go and drink.  It is basically in a hallway with random people walking by.  Again, in our robes???  Really? I said if I knew that I had to go out front to drink I wouldn't have ordered a whole bottle.  They said no alcohol was allowed back in the spa area.  They ended up making an exception since we weren't told that when we ordered the bottle.  And funny enough the bottle was unopened when they brought it back so I had to open it myself.  Again, it seems like a small complaint but just not the 5 star treatment I would expect.  Also for an $80 bottle of champagne, I'm not being cheap here.Also note if you order any spa food you can't eat it inside either.  You have to go outside to eat it at the same little table.  They said the smells are distracting.  I get that but all the food is cold...no hot food. Repeat, the spa menu is all cold salad stuff.  Not much to smell there.  Needless to say we ended up not ordering any food.  It did end with a nice facial and I enjoyed it.  Hated the up sell of course that seems to happen more often then not when you get a facial at a spa but no different.    Can't say I'd go back.  If I wanted to just go in and get a treatment and leave, it's fine.  But I wouldn't plan a day there again.  I'd stick with my tried and true JW Marriott at Desert Ridge.Told you it was long.
4	Lana, my technician gave me wonderful advice and service. (I had a facial) However, I'm giving them only four stars because I was disappointed in the facility itself. I had arrived early to rest and relax but Instead of a relaxing lounger, all they had were upright chairs.  However, the place was clean and quiet.  Well stocked with clean towels, munchies and a homemade lime juice that you can sweeten with Agave syrup.  Other than that, it was your typical nice, hotel spa.
3	My girlfriend and I purchased the Travelzoo with lunch . I live down the street and frequent many spas but had not yet had the pleasure of using the spa at the Westin. We arrived this past Sunday and were a little disappointed in this spa. We arrived and when we checked in they wanted to know at that time when we wanted to eat and where. The where was either outside by the pool in 115 plus degree temp or in the shade in 115 degrees. The other choice was 1 table inside their retail area. This was odd as we did not want to eat outside and when it was time for us to eat, someone was using the lone table and they ended up bringing in a table from outside for us. They did not even try to wipe it down and it was obviously dirty. This all happened before our services. We were suddenly not as excited about our spa day and I think it effected my opinion of the massage. During most massages that I have received, my feet ,hands and scalp are all massaged. None of these areas was touched and  while the rest of the massage was ok. It only lasted 45 minutes. The price of the travelzoo was comparable to most others and i will not be back.
2	The saying "You get what you pay for" keeps going through my mind. Well, I paid quite a bit yesterday for a mani/pedi and was disappointed.My nail tech was friendly and chatty. I let her know I wanted my cuticles pushed back and trimmed, she did not do what I asked for. She left gaps at the base of each nail bed unpolished. She left hangnails on several nails. I did not think I needed to micro manage my nail tech at The Westin Kierland. I assumed every service at a Starwood property would be amazing. I was wrong. A different lady did my pedicure and it looks fantastic.When I my husband got home last night he said, "I'm disappointed for you."
3	I got the Manicure & Pedicure On The Go. Pros: 1. The nail tech did a nice job on both the mani & pedi.         Cons: 1. Limited selection of nail colors and no name brand polish. I was expecting    OPI or Essie.          2. The "relaxation" room was adequate, not luxurious by any means.           3. Expensive!
4	Went for first time to Agave Spa on 10/15 Saturday for Spa Week and friend's Bacholerettte Party.Arrived early for 10am Flow Yoga. Lady instructor was very good for beginning class. Afterward went to the workout room to use treadmill for a while. Then headed to the Spool to meet up with other friends.
3	Lately the realisation that the skin needs ocassional TLC beyond the daily routine has snuck in and I am on the lookout for good facials. Agave spa in the very beautiful Westin Kierland hotel was one of the stops. I think i was actually a little underwhelmed. I was expecting to be wowed a lot more as i walked in. The waiting room only as couches, not somewhere to completely lie down and relax, one of the bathrooms was unclean , which I completely do not expect in a place like this. Why 3 stars then, you ask? Because the actual facial itself was very good. Very relaxing and the skin felt visibly smoother to touch and the senses refreshed. May be a while before i am back as i look at other options. Watch this space.
3	Servies are good but the spa needs its own pool.  The hot tub area is great with sauna and steam room.  A nice place to hang out with the girls.  The lunches offered are refreshing and can also be packaged to go.
3	I came here with some girlfriends to use a Travelzoo voucher. Having been at the Joya spa a month earlier, the facilities and layout of the Agave spa were disappointing. There hot tub area was tiny, and there isn't a spa-only pool. We had lunch out by the pool with prompt and pleasant service, but the food was really bad. I've eaten lots of veggie wraps in my day, and this was one of the worst I've had in a long time.I got a massage and manicure with my voucher. I was happy with the massage, but the woman who did my nails barely spoke to me. It's pretty awkward to be sitting so close to someone and not chat at all. All the spas in this area run summer specials, and there are much better spas to be had. I wouldn't come back here.
3	A solid spa - small hot tub, steam room, sauna, showers, restrooms, and treatment rooms.  I had a rollerssage treatment, which was nice, but by no means for working out knots or tension - just nice in the moment.My only teeny tiny little quibble just has to do with us being human - my masseuse must've been cutting garlic earlier in the day, so any upper neck/facial massaging that was done came with unexpected aromatherapy.  My skin is all nice and soft and silky smooth today though from generous amount of oil she used.
2	I had a deep tissue massage appointment at the Spa this past weekend with Meredith.  I have had several massages a year over my lifetime and was very surprised at the poor quality massage I received at the Westin Kierland.  I saw many patrons walking out of their service with that "ahhh" look on their faces.  I did not have that.  I specifically asked her during the massage if my muscles felt tight and she said actually no.  Which surprised me greatly as my neck and back are usually a ball of stress.  I did tell her as we walked in that I would prefer that she spend more time on my back and neck and not my arms and legs but this did not happen.  I was very surprised when she has me turn over onto my back so quickly especially after I asked for the concentration on my back.  She did lift up my arms a few times and do some digging into my shoulders, but it was no where near what I would consider a deep tissue by any means.  The time that was spent on my neck was minimal and felt more like a quick back run than anything.  My time spent in the sauna, steam room, and pool was actually more enjoyable and relaxing than my massage.  I actually asked my friend how she felt about her massage and she had very similar comments to mine, although my massage did seem to be more in depth then hers.  We questioned whether the reason of our sub-par massage was due to the fact that we used travelzoo vouchers - although we did tip on the full amount.  Also during the massage I was told there would be an add on foot session.  I'm not sure what it was supposed to include, but I received no more than a 2 min scrub and 30 seconds of rubbing in lotion.  Over all, this was not an experience that I would expect at a location such as at the Westin, but more of a lesser quality massage parlor.  I left a voicemail and 2 emails for Carol Ford who is the spa manager and she has not returned the call or emails.  This just adds onto the poor customer service that I received while visiting the spa.  As a local patron, this is a place that I would have given a second chance - but now after horrible Manager customer service on top of it - I will not return.  And I will let all of my friends know as well.FOLLOW UP:  I was contacted by someone they asked me to come back and try it again.  I will post another review following that service
3	It's really more of a 3.5 star rating but given the overall experience, based on visiting other local spas such as the Willow Stream at the Princess and Joya at Montelucia, I settled on 3. My fiance and I came here on Monday with the TravelZoo deal that included a 50 minute massage of our choice, an additional foot add-on that included a foot scrub and lotion, and a glass of mimosa. I called the day before to ensure they had an opening for a TravelZoo voucher since others on that website noted they had limited availability. I spoke to Hannah, she was really friendly and didn't seem put off that I would be using the voucher. The whole day was pretty wide open so we booked our treatments for 10am. I opted for the Agave Master massage and he booked a deep tissue.Ever since moving to the area, I've driven by the Westin Keirland and imagined the hotel would be really nice and grand. Walking up to the area there were some really pretty flowers but the overall resort feel felt more like a 3-4 star when you compare it to some of the other amazing resorts in Phoenix. We were pleasantly greeted by someone at the front desk and were given two red tickets that could be used for our mimosa's later. She gave me a tour of the facility and based off the other reviews, it was exactly what I expected. Nice but not a 5 star spa. Everything was clean and nicely presented as there were fresh bunches of flowers with towels nicely rolled everywhere you looked. It wasn't busy, which was nice, and they have the standard spa lockers where you pick your own four digit code. I relaxed in the Jacuzzi for a bit and hit the dry and steam saunas. Both were empty and clean. I took a shower before my treatment and the white tea products were nice and the double showerhead was nice.  I also had some of the limeade drink they offered and it was a nice twist on the usual spa water but didn't feel the need to drink more than half a glass.My massage therapist was Natsha. She led me back and was friendly. The room was a standard room, nothing special with the usually spa music in the background. I explained to her that I had a lot of tension in between my shoulder blades and would prefer 80% of the time to be spent on my back and the remaining time just skimming over the rest of my body. When she came back in the room she began with the foot scrub for about 2 minutes and then left my feet in hot towels while she started on my back. This was a first for me but she immediately started in with her forearms and elbows. I had stated medium pressure would be good since I was so tense but I hadn't expected that meant forearms. Literally, I think I felt her fingers for maybe all of 60 seconds during my whole massage. It did feel okay but I would have appreciated more of a mixture of techniques, obviously personal preference. After spending time on my back, she went back to my feet and proceeded to rub them with her knuckles which I also found odd. I probably would have preferred her just skipping the whole foot rub and spent more time on my back since she never really applied any pressure to my feet. The rest of my limbs went by really fast and she never went to back to rub my back more and my neck never got touched once. There were also several times where I had no idea what she was doing because she wasn't massaging or getting more oil, there was no noise. It was long enough several times that I almost lifted my head to see what was going on but then she started getting more oil so I never looked up. I probably lost a solid 3-4 min just from that. In addition, after each side of my back was massaged, she left my arms dangle on each side of the bed for the remainder of the massage. I thought maybe this was to stretch them out so I left them but I sort of think it wasn't since she ran into them as she went around the table. The massage oil did feel really good on my skin and was probably the highlight of the massage. After my massage I met up with my fiance and he didn't say too much about his massage and said it was pretty average and glad we hadn't paid full price. We turned in our tickets for the mimosa and headed over to the adult pool just beyond the front doors of the spa. We grabbed a couple of chairs on the West side of the pool and had good service when we ordered drinks and food. I got their chopped salad and he got the chicken wrap. Both were good but the salad was pretty small for $12. The pool didn't have a whole lot of character....a big rectangle with two swim laps. The music next door at the main pool seemed much more lively than the adult area so maybe it was intentional. We stayed for about an hour and half and decided that we had enough and checked out. Check out went fine, they added on the standard 20% tip which almost all spa's do these days. I don't necessarily agree with that practice considering a tip is for measuring service quality and shouldn't be autom
4	I've been lucky enough to stay at the Kierland a couple of times on business trips, so I knew which spa I wanted to take advantage of. My companion and I both scheduled massages and pedicures.Check-in was a breeze and it was nice to get the spa tour. The relaxation room was comfortable, and we could enjoy water and tea and magazines while we hung out before, between and after our services.Both massages were very good and extremely relaxing. The pedicure stations were in the hair salon and so a little public, but we weren't bothered. The pedicure has held up very well.The shower area is nice and has all of the amenities you would need if you wanted to clean up and get ready there. I enjoyed all aspects of the day.
4	Massage was awesome.  Meghan is the best.  Spa itself had nice amenities but not as large or luxurious as some of the other resorts.  Used a travel zoo voucher and had no issues with service not being as good as for full-paying customers, which I have experienced elsewhere.  Adult pool was very nice and we had no trouble going over to the lazy river, which was perfect on a hot day.
2	Let me start off by saying I wanted to LOVE this spa experience.  My Husband and I stayed at the Westin after our wedding and it holds centimental value for us, so when we were in need of a spa day recently the Westin was our first choice.  We booked the Travelzoo massage in advance and were greeted promptly upon our arrival.  Everything seemed to go well with check-in and we were shown to our respective locker rooms.  I didn't find the actual facilities to be anything special.  It had all the basic things and seemed a-ok.  Honestly, I don't even remember it well and that was less than a month ago.Now, the massage.  I have to say this in one of, if not the worst, massages I have ever had.  I asked for "medium" pressure and got the massage of my nightmares.  She was so aggressive I thought I was going to be pushed right through the table.  It was awful, painful, and the complete opposite of relaxing. I spent most of the time wondering when it will be over.  I thought to myself this must be an annomoly, but NO, my Husband had the exact same experience.  He even asked his massuse to let up, but she didn't.  We both walked away more than disappointed.  Afterwards we hung out by the spa pool, which was nice and quiet compared to the main pool area.  Service was OK... honestly the best part of the whole day was the boneless buffalo wings and bannana smoothie.  Those were to die for.Upon reflection, I realized we never got our mimosa or foot massage as part of the Travelzoo package.  Just another disappointment, but I didn't even care to bring it to anyone's attention.  I really enjoy hitting up local spas during the summer and thanks to Travelzoo I usually get them at a good price for the quality.  This time, anything over $1 was too much for this spa experience.  To say we were disappointed is the understatement of the year.  We won't be back.
2	Salon hair services have become mediocre at this great resort.  I will start by saying that I have been going to Agave Spa for at least the last 4 years for haircut and highlights.  I have always received nothing but awesome service.  However, for the last year, it appears their good employees are not there anymore.  Not sure if management has changed, but how the place is managed is reminiscent of a strip mall joint, from the incompetency of booking an appointment, the ineptitude of the technicians, and the inability to provide good customer service.  My last experience about 4 months ago was just OK.  Not great color (she kind of messed it up), but somewhat fixed it and gave me a good hair cut.  Came back second week of Dec 2014 at a futile attempt to get my highlights back on track and a haircut.  First of all, they booked my appointment at the not agreed time (who books a haircut before highlights?).  I was taking time off from work and until now have never had an issue.  Well, no apologies for that.  Came in at my appointment time, which was 30 minutes after they had booked it, with a different person from last time.  Technician right away told me she was not going to have time to complete my appointment and should plan to come back at another time.  After a discussion of what I wanted and what she wanted to do, we proceeded with her way, which I pointed out several times that I was hesitant because no one in the past had ever done hightlights in that manner - basically, a tint in the roots - and that was it.  All this time she kept looking at her watch, rushing, hands trembling, not a pleasant spa experience.  I have long light brown hair with natural highlights, which I like to accentuate with additional highlights, leaving as much of my natural hair color as possible.  Once the processing was complete, my roots came out blonde red !!!  I just wanted to cry.  She insisted that when they dried out they will be fine.  Really?  I don't think so.  Red is red.  After going back and forth, she conceded it was somewhat red-toned.  After leaving me in the chair for another 15 min to consult with someone else, they came back to attempt to fix the red with a toner.  Well, while my hair was being toned down, the next appointment showed up.  My technician started to rush and did a mediocre job at rinsing (with water only) the chemicals out.  Granted that at least the hair toned down in bright red, but I will bet that when my brown color will start coming out I will see this noticeable dark root contrasting with this blonde red color.  Exactly what I wanted to avoid and hence why I only wanted some hightlights to blend in with my brown hair, as I have done for years.  Well, came back to her chair and she said that this was all she could do for me today, and would not have time to dry me out or anything as her next appointment was already waiting.She escorted me to the front desk, hair dripping, with a gel-like substance in my ears, back of my ears, back of my head, and my head still stinging.  I was dripping all over the place (have long hair) and my shirt was completely soaked.   Front desk said that because she could not dry me out they will give me a 10% discount.  They still collected the 20% gratuity off the original price.  After leaving, I had to come straight home and take a shower as that gel thing was all over my head and I was reaking of chemical smell that was burning me.  I just started crying after looking at my hair.  And of course, no haircut.  I have Holiday parties to attend, leaving town for Christmas, and now looking at the prospect of bad hair during the Holiday season.  Unacceptable.  Literally, my look is that of having done a supermarket color kit on myself.  At work the next day, my co-workers asked incredulously that they thought I was getting highlights the day before.  No one even mentioned my hair looked OK.  Complete silence.  Now I felt even worse.In conclusion, I made an appointment for highlights and hair cut, and got neither.  I just cannot recommend the hair services at this salon anymore after this awful expereince.  I really do hope they get their act together as I think this is a great resort.
4	The service was amazing!! The level of effort to make customers happy was impeccable!
