4	Petsmart's PetsHotel is a life saver for all those times when your doggie just can't come along on an out of town trip...affordable overnight care with enough amenities to assuage my guilty conscience.This joint is nicer than some of the value places that I've been to.  There's a dog theme lobby for checking in.  "Elli" gets her own room with her own bed, blanket and toys.  Additional walks and play times are available as add-on services.  7am check-in means we can get an early start heading out of town.  When we pick her up, there is a report card telling us how well (or not so well) she did with playing, eating and pooping.  An extra plus is that we can schedule an exit bath or a full-on grooming session (also extra fees for these) on check-out day so that Elli is sweet smelling when we get her home again.
4	I take my little pooch to the Petsmart Hotel here when we absolutely have to board him. He seems to love it! He always enters and leaves lookig pretty happy! The rooms are big enough and you can see into the boarding room and I liked that so that I could see that is clean and roomy enough for him! They offer so many options for them while they are staying that it is a lot like camp! Even though we try to take him with us as much as possible, this is the place I take him when we are away!I have to only give it four starts though because I agree one one writer...not much of a selection of items!
4	All your pet needs - 1 roof.  Vet service good, although big vet change-over. Reasonably priced, espcially on days like Tues & Thurs 1-3 (times/days change, so ck in advance) where u do not pay the $25 exam fee - big difference if you have several pets.  (Yup, i have 3 dog, 3 cats: makes a difference!)Meca for hundreds of products - i just wish more clearance, sales, coupons and customer appreciation discounts. Groomers ok, although last time they changed their policy with me & wouldn't not let me hold my 5lb Chi~Chi while nails getting clipped, the guy was quite rough & brisk in grabbing her and snipping, so I left w.o him finishing.  In the past, they used to let you hold while they clipped all the nails in 60 seconds flat - worked for me! Overall, I'll still be back for pet basic needs, but not the groomers.
1	PetSmart is the worst place to take your dog.Their petshotel is disgusting..they leave your do in a steel kennel all by themselves and don't care to pay attention to your pup. One time they gave a dog the wrong medicine and had to pay thousands at the vet to get its stomach pumped. Do you really trust your dogs with these employees? They pay them crap wages and it shows in their service. They overcharge for your stay as most other private places will take better care of your dog for much cheaper - really all youre paying for is the name, and having a corporation behind it. Doggie day care is horrible too, dogs have been in there with fleas and they don't care to check them before they toss your dog in their with some random stranger's mangly mutt.The dog grooming is even worse. I have heard many screams from upset pooches coming from the salon. Most of the groomers don't care about taking good care of your dog either, they just want to make money. And they will make money off your stupidity with their "Top Dog Care Package" which is $16 for a "oatmeal/hypoallergenic (*cough* bullshit)" shampoo and coniditioner, and a lame attempt at brushing your dogs teeth (do it yourself it's waste of money to get it done here).  Private salons and even vets offer their services at much cheaper prices and we all know that in this tough economy it's very important to save bucks wherever and whenever you can. Even worse than their overpriced grooms, they will call you every 8 WEEKS TO BOTHER YOU to bring your dog in. How annoying! I'll bring my dog in when I want to - harassing me over the phone will not get me to come in.  Their products are way overpriced - you can get many similar items at Ryans Pet Supply (14th and McDowell) for much cheaper.  Half the time they're out of something and can't even offer to tell you when they will be getting it, or direct you to something similar. I have seen dogs pee on the endcaps of shelves and employeees just stand around ignoring it.Their Banfield vet is a joke. They wanted to charge me $180 to treat my cats ear infection. They are extremely overpriced and it's not personal whatsoever. They don't give a shit about your dog either.Bottom line - go somewhere private. They will treat your dog a hundred times better and with more professional care.
4	I like this PetSmart location. It's always full of people and seems to do well in business. So it can't be that bad, right?The new-ish Pets Hotel is a plus. I don't use it because it's really pricey, but I like having the option to. The animals here seem to be doing just dandy, and with open arms they allow me to bring in my large Golden Retriever, Lilly. :) I don't have any qualms with this place.
5	I'm so happy this store is located so close to my house! Every time I come to this store I get great service. I mainly use this store to get food items for my dog or the grooming salon - where Zombi has never had a bad experience. This location also has a Banfield Vet Hospital, PetsHotel, Doggie Day Camp, Training services and at times has adoptions. My best friend has used both the PetsHotel and the Doggie Day Camp for her pooch and has never had a bad experience. I also used the Banfield Vet to get Zombi up-to-date on her Rabies and the Vet was super nice. The best part was that I didn't even have an appointment, I just walked in and they were able to fit me in after a five minute wait.My only pet peeve (pun intended) is there is usually only one cashier working and the line can get pretty long. However, it doesn't take long for another employee to open up another line to speed up the check-out experience AND they usually show up on their own, without customers complaining about only having one cashier. Bonus!
1	Don't use the grooming service.They cut my dog's nipple which led to infection. I told them about their mistake, and they denied it. They rolled their eyes at me and made me explain over and over again. Rude staff. Inhumane servants. Terrible experience for my dog.
4	We needed a place to leave our pets while attending daytime events in the Scottsdale area. The pet  Day Care service at PetSmart's PetsHotel was just the thing. The staff was very friendly and helpful to first timers, and very good with our dogs, one of whom is a howler. Our cat and both dogs came out looking happy and all three were excited to go back again. Our first visit was on a Sunday, and we were pleased that this was not a hassle. There seems to be plenty of staff. The play areas are indoors, and smaller than what our dogs are used to, but that didn't seem to be a problem. We were pleasantly surprised at the size of the discount our PetPerks card gave us. This made the cost very reasonable. With a service like this available, there's NO excuse for leaving a pet in a parked vehicle.
4	Dog Grooming at This Pet Smart Can be sketchy-- I had a large dog grooming business many years ago in the midwest and helped start one of the First dog Groomer associations in the U.S. I retired from grooming and have a different vocation.                    Trust me--- I know the work good groomers do. I had two BAD previous trys of this particular location when they groomed our Shih Tzu.  By bad I mean uneven, one leg longer than another, head uneven just totally botched up.  She also was extremely agitiated.  I have no iudea who does the training but obviously it is not good enough and I don't want them practicing on my pet.                                                I finally said "NO MORE".  I popped in one day as I love this store to get dog food etc.great selection here.                We also use Doggie Day Care and the Pet Motel.  I saw a woman in the dog grooming section doing book work. I walked in and complained  and asked her how long she had groomed and it was years. In Groomer speak-- I told her my issues; she said come back I will groom your dog. I made the appointment with  " Lori  " the salon manager. Our dog never looked better, extremely well done.  Exactly as I wanted. I will be back, I was impressed.    PLEASE NOTE THE FOLLOWING If you are impressed by your ability to view your dogs being groomed; realize that every time your beloved pet  who is being groomed sees you or someone who LOOKS like their family;  they will generally have behavior issues such as moving around , jumping , barking etc. You can't pay in there you have to go to the outside cashiers, another issue as your dog wonders why you left them again?  Please also note the scissors and hand held tools groomers use are sharp and your pet being viewed through public windows is not wise.  Understand that grooming dogs in cubicles surrounding the grooming table and offerring privacy to your pet is MUCH easier on them. The reason other grooming shops do not want YOU or the general public visible to your pet being groomed is it usually upsets the pet. Close the windows , dogs like privacy & train prospective groomers longer or better .
5	PetSmart is the only place you should be shopping for pet supplies because they're an Arizona-based business, and we should all be supporting the "shop local" movement. They always provide good customer service and I've never had an issue with returns.The company is also a good corporate  citizen, putting lots of money and effort into its charity division. The company supports homeless shelters and food service for people as well as all they do for homeless pets.
1	I took my dog to this PetSmart for a bath. I was visting from out of town, and had no experience with the groomers here, but how can you screw up a simple bath? Well, when I picked up my dog, she emerged from the back room with her front legs covered in blood. The groomers told me "Oh, she must have caught her dew claws while pawing at the crate door." We walked her over to the in-store vet to get cleaned up and checked out. The vet's assistant also determined that she must have caught her dew claws on the crate door. My dog does have separation anxiety, and that's why I asked the groomers to call me as soon as she was done with her bath. I was there within five minutes of receiving the call. She's been to other groomers, and I sometimes crate her at home. She doesn't like it, but she's never bloodied herself. After I got my dog home, she became lethargic and wouldn't move. When she finally did get up, she made a loud yelp. I checked her out, and she yelped more as I moved one of her legs, so it was clear something more was wrong than just a pulled dew claw. I returned to the vet at the store (and this time saw a vet, not an assistant). She said that my dog likely sprained her ankle, and that we could do x-rays, but that my dog probably wouldn't be able to stand at all if she had broken something. But perhaps the most disconcerting thing is that the vet mentioned that she's seen other dogs coming out of the groomers with injured paws. The crates apparently have wire mesh floors - not smooth floors like you'd have in a home crate - and that dogs can hurt themselves if they paw at the floor. The store did pay for the vet visit and pain medication for my dog - it would have been ridiculous had they not - but how can they continue to use unsafe crates? And is their  policy to simply ignore dogs who are freaking out and may be hurting themselves in these unsafe crates?
1	Horrible care. The staff knows the wire mesh crates hurt pet's paws on multiple occassions, and yet they do nothing about it. Shame on PetSmart, which should be renamed PetCruel.
3	Not only do we have 4 teenage girls in our house, we also have 2 dogs and 2 cats.  That means lots of pet supplies.  The prices are better than that of the grociery stores on the same items.It is fun to check out the cats, to bad I'm allergic to them, and the dogs when they are there.  We did take one of our animals there for training, and the trainer was great.It's close and convient so we'll go back.  Since we don't use them for grooming or vet care, I have no clue what those services are like.
4	The cat food our cats eat is not sold at Target or grocery stores, so we have to shop at PetSmart. I both love and hate PetSmart. I love it because it's easy to navigate and I can get in and out rather quickly. I love that I can also browse and take my time because there are so many different things to look at. I love looking at the birds, reptiles, small animals but at the same time I hate seeing the animals for adoption because it makes me so sad! I wish I could adopt them all! I usually try to only go on the weekdays, since adoptions are always held on the weekends. I usually need my husband for moral support if we go on the weekends, otherwise I'd come home with 10 new pets every weekend!
1	Horrible service!!! Don't ask for them to quote you a price before your grooming service. They will quote you low and then give you the "but once you get here the groomer will let you know what it will be for sure".... Once I arrived they originally quoted me $47 and the groomer said NO its going to be $83.... ? Never will I take my pets here again!!!!!!
1	Pretty bummed. My dog has been using petsmart for everything.  We use Banfield.  She's loved doggy daycare. She occasionally needs a professional bath and nails trimmed. I picked her up last night she was still wet! Luckily it's hot out. She has matts in her hair! Her nails are not trimmed. I asked she said she did them. Not at all. What a waste! I now need to find a new groomer in fear this happens again.  I think she was in a rush! Regardless I paid full price and not sure what I paid for!
3	We love that this place is right around the corner. We only buy our dog's food here. Their prices are pretty standard. It is a very clean and organized store. There never seems to be many employees around to help or ask questions though. If you do find someone they usually aren't very knowledgeable.
4	A PetsHotel specific review: We've taken the family dog here several times. We first put our toe in the water with a doggie day camp. Our lady, a dainty 100 pound mixed breed who is constantly mistaken for a male despite her pink collar, was hesitant. The staff immediately put her at ease with a little love. Bottom line, the day was a success, although she was happy to be picked up.Fast forward, a few overnight stays later, she now walks straight to the PetsHotel every time we go to PetSmart. EVERY TIME! When she's actually dropped off, she doesn't even look back at us. What the heck? Shouldn't parting be at least a little traumatic for her? From a human perspective, no pet hotel is going to be as nice for your dog as staying at home. PetSmart, perhaps motivated by corporate liability concerns, seems to have found a good balance between a desire to treat pets well and a need to keep them safe. We've never had any problems with fighting with other dogs, for example. They are also very serious about making sure that all vaccinations are up to date before your pet is allowed to stay. They also reserve the right to refuse certain breeds, which I suppose could be upsetting if you own a pit bull, but personally I'm fine with them erring on the side of safety. I've talked to a couple of friends who have indicated they would never take their pet to a heartless corporate boarder, but I actually view it as an extra layer of safety for the dogs.Costs are reasonable. Not the cheapest place you can find, but definitely not as high as some Scottsdale pet resorts. The basic cost is $31 a night, but you'll also likely add a $16 day camp ($4 discount with overnight stay). There is a little bit of silliness, such as applying a little guilt to get you to purchase treats for your pet, but no worse than what you'll find elsewhere. We have actually ordered a nail trim for our girl, let's call it a manicure, during a couple of her stays. They will routinely accommodate you with the day camp if you miss the noon checkout time, which is much cheaper than paying for another night. We also bring our own food to help cost. They open daily at 7:00 a.m. for drop off, which can be a big help.They give you a written report of the stay when you pick up your pet. We didn't take it very seriously at first (are they really going to tell you your pet hated staying there?), but we've actually found it to be helpful over time. Toys and leashes we have left have never been lost. Just don't bring rawhide. It's not allowed.I'd actually give the PetsHotel five stars, but the rating has to be for PetSmart, the store, which I'm a little less enthusiastic about. I can't speak to other locations, since they're only going to be as good as their staffs, but the people at this PetsHotel are great.
5	Started taking my dog (a rescue) there right after getting her to handle numerous little issues like eye and ear infections. Prompt and friendly service each time, lots of attention and consideration for my dog! Excellent pet-nurse and counter staff!
2	I took my German Shepherd to the grooming department for the first time to help get rid of some of the dog hair issue, the customer service in there is horrible. Nobody working in there looks like they like there job  :( makes it difficult to want leave your animals with them. Anyway... My German Shepherd was supposed to have a bath, dried and brushed out, her under coat was still wet. And her fur looked like how I brought her in, I was wondering if they even did anything... needless to say she won't have to worry about going back. As far as prices, well I guess you get what you pay for here.
2	My checkout attendent Danielle was rude & unhelpful. The engraving machine is cool though.
5	We love this Banfield Hospital. Dr. Lemus is amazing and our fur babies adore her. We are so grateful for her caring demeanor and attention to detail.
