5	What I think is great about the Centaur is the effort they make to try and balance the needs of the diverse communities they serve and have served since 1969 - everyone from young theatre innovators to amateur producers and lovers of musicals to season ticket holders who are senior in the community and want to see important groundbreaking work as well as lighthearted comedy. The space is wonderful. A short walk toward the Old Port from Place D'Armes metro along the tiny cobblestones of St Francois Xavier brings you to the sudden sense of  open space created by the massive columns of the Centaur Theatre - formerly the Montreal Stock Exchange. The front of house and lobby bar and coat check are all on the ground floor. The bar is big and full of comfy chairs and the staff is generally made up of cool, friendly members of the local arts scene.The theatres are upstairs, they aren't incredibly spacious in terms of leg room, but they're not airplane-bad. They have a steep rake so pretty much every seat is a good one. About 15 years ago I saw a version of Waiting for Godot here that devastated me, and part of the shock and loveliness of it was that all the curtains and backdrops were removed leaving bare brick walls looming around the actors. The brick is over 100 years old and shows repair, windows bricked in, time passing. Something about this one production symbolizes everything I love about the Centaur after 15+ years seeing shows there, maybe something about the willingness to remove all the trappings to create a different kind of magic? Anyway I look forward to the years to come!
4	An almost iconic spot for theater in Montreal. I've been coming here for plays since I was child and seeing a production was a big treat. The place has changed over the years but the constant is the quality of the plays, the friendliness of the staff and the perfect spot in Old Montreal. While you are there, there are plenty of other things to see and do in the vicinity, so you can spend a whole day there.
2	The theatre is small and intimate, and there is really no bad seat in the theatre in terms of viewing the performance on stage. Unfortunately, the seats are cramped and uncomfortable. I disagree with another reviewer who stated that while there is little leg room, it is not as bad as airplane seating. It is worse than airplane seating. If you are tall, i.e. over 5' 10", be assured you will spend a miserable few hours regardless of the quality of the play or performance. I am 6'5" and my partner is 6'2 and we were both in pain from our knees being jammed tightly into the seat back in front of us. We noticed others also suffering the same discomfort in our row. The seats were also as narrow as those on a plane. It was a pity really as the theatre space was lovely, and cafe and other amenities excellent.
