1	Cruise America completely ruined our vacation. We picked up the dirty, stained, broke down  RV in Fillmore, CA.. The RV was in very bad condition! ( we had drove 8 hours from home and had already paid for it so we decided to make the best of it and take it) The seats had hole's and stains, the cupboards were broken, water was leaking. They sent out 7 lady's in an RV that was dangerous. The bald front tire nearly fell off and they had to send someone out to replace it and that took two days. Then they wanted us to take it to the service center and wait for god knows how long for them to fix it or make a 3 hour trip to Compton, CA to exchange it. We opted to end our vacation and return the broke down palace back from whence it came because that was only 30 miles away and we did not feel safe traveling that distance in it! NOTHING was working, we had no power, no water, no sewer, and the indicator panel was broke, all the propane leaked out while we slept, thank God we had the windows open! My advice is to reserve a nice Hotel room! It will be cheaper and safer for you and your family! Thanks Cruise America for running our vacation and trying to kill us! I can not believe you would send people out in such a death trap....shame on you!!
1	Whoever heard of a company with a customer relations department you can't speak with and can only email.  Then once you do that you need to wait 10 to 30 days for a reply.  My issue is with the corporate office and not the local agent in Stoughton, MA.  I rented a large class C Motorhome the week of July 6, 2013 and am currently on vacation.  I was planning to take the RV and stay with family at at cottage on cape cod.  So on May 15th I spoke via chat with a representative of Cruise America to ask if we needed any special connection to allow an electric hook up at a residential home.  The representative (Arron) replied we just need an adapter and should verify with the local agent at time of pick up that it was indeed onboard.  We verified it was there and headed for our vacation week on Cape Cod.  Upon arrival we followed the instruction and attempted to connect to the house.  After about a minute the fuse in the house would blow.  So then we tried a neighbors house and same thing happened.  We then contacted Cruise America assistance left a message and waited for a call back.  When then called back (about an hour later) the technical assistance person informed us that 75% of the time the electrical connections do not work at residential homes.  Our only choice then was to use the generator at a cost of $3.50 plus it uses fuel at about a gallon per hour.  Now this week on Cape Cod is one of the hottest on record with temps in the 80's and 90's and humidity that makes it feel 90 to 100 degrees.I attempted to talk with a supervisor however the technical support person advised there was nothing they could do for me except to advise to write an email to customer relations explaining the situation.  Again, a 10 to 30 day wait to get a response well after I am due to return my vehicle and be charged for the generator usage by the local agent who was not part of the problem.  I was told by corporate to contact the local rep who advised I should contact corporate as they were the ones who had advised it would be OK.  I then called the reservations line on the advice of the local rep and told to ask for a supervisor.  I explained the situation to the first person I got and was advised I could speak to a supervisor but the only way to deal with this was to wait for a reply to my email sent to customer relations.  He then transferred me to a voice mail of or Tina with International where I left my message with the problem along with my phone number and again I'm still waiting for a call back which will probably not happen!  Looks like my only recourse will be to dispute the charges to get someones attention at the corporate office.
1	I understand that this is a busy season for renting, but I called twice today seeing if there was any way in which your customer service rep could assist me. I was willing to adjust my dates (it's a one-way rental situation). She told me "it's just not going to happen". If this is the kind of representation you are proud to promote for your company, then congratulations. I felt like I was being scolded like a child for asking her to help me get my family from one state to another. I felt she was quite rude and dismissive and in no way was going to consider putting the extra effort forth to see if there was ANY other location in the state of California where I would be able to rent an RV. I am not the type of person to publicly blast a company on their social media page, but I felt this was worth sharing.
