4	From the outside, this place just didn't seem to impress me. It looks like a small little place & the parking lot is super tiny so that just adds to it. But like the old adage says, don't judge this place by what the outside looks like. It is absolutely huge inside & is a one stop shop for all of your cooking needs.They have everything from countertop appliances to every kitchen utensil you could think of. The list just goes on & on of what they have. I spent a good 15 minutes in here and didn't get to probably half of the stuff on display or racks.The store set up is very inviting & there is display after display so everything is hands on. Prices ranged from pretty cheap to out of this world, depending on what you're looking to get.If I were a cook or chef, I'd definitely shop here much more often, as they have so many things that I never knew existed. And don't let the outside deceive you, because this is an absolutely huge place with so many goodies packed into it.
4	As was said, the outside is nothing and parking is a problem, but inside the selection is second to none. They offer cooking classes and one was just finishing when we arrived. I saw lots of things I'd like to buy -- the kind of things you never knew existed but once you've seen them, you can't live without them, lol. Perhaps we caught the owner on an off day as she seemed a little grumpy.
4	I love giving this store my money.I hate to do it, but I'm going to make the comparison: Think Sur La Table, but way cooler - locally owned, VERY knowledgably staffed, with a range in almost every category of snobby cooking accessory, pricey to cheap. Plus, it isn't in an ant farm of a mall. Which is always a plus.Knife sharpening weekly for 6-7 a knife, no extra for serrated edges. Last time I had this done I was gently admonished for sticking them in the dishwasher as they were thrown on the pile - most of which was from chefs working at restaurants in the area.Asking questions here is a blast. They've either tested products in their back-of-store kitchen or own the product themselves and have good tidbits of advice to give. They'll special order you something, if they don't carry it. The selection of appliances is conservative but smart. And they do affordable cooking classes year-round. Parking is annoying but either stick it in Hawthorne's lot, or drive around back and park in the gravel. Don't let it deter you from checking out Charlotte's awesomest cooking store.
4	Nothing to look out from the outside, but the inside is where it's at! Parking can be very frustrating. Only three spots out front and one of those is reserved for handicap accessible, then a few in the back, but you have to enter from the front (so you have to walk all the way around the pizza place to get there). It wasn't a deal breaker, but it definitely built up the anticipation. I guess they are doing the best they can with what they have. Once I made it into the store, I found it to be quite large. It had a lot of great items, but they were out of both things I was looking for. Well, one of them no one has heard of anyway (a special utensil for kiwis). They have a great variety of cooking things...one could put down a lot of cash here, fast.They offer cooking classes throughout the year. They have a wonderful setup in the back with a kitchen and places to eat your meal when you are finished. The classes are around $65 per person for approximately a 2-hour session. I think it would be fun to sign up!
3	This is definitely a comprehensive pampered chef kind of spot.  To echo other reviewers, I was impressed by the stock and apparent quality of the merchandise hidden behind the modest exterior. And the costs (at least, for a garlic press and an electric hand blender) weren't far off from equivalent brands in department stores.Yes, I would have loved to have been a fan of this place, but then those issues that lamentably do accompany some small businesses surfaced.  We selected our hand blender, thrilled with the reasonable cost and ease of finding.  When we brought the box up, the lady told us that the display model was the only one available.  Well, that display model was a little bit grimy, but it was the only one in stock and we didn't feel like driving around to find another one so we picked it up anyway.  Then when we brought it home, we discovered that it didn't work.  Opening it up we saw that the motor was warped inside.  Hmph.  I know any store could sell you a lemon, but it sucks when that was the only option we had. Maybe it is a bit costly to have at least two of each object in stock, so that folks can handle one and then buy a fresh one, but like I said, I guess thats a drawback of small business.But the reason the place is in our good graces is because when we brought the hand blender back, despite the clear posting that returns would only get store credit, they gave us a full refund and no bad feelings.I would still come back to buy one of those sturdy ceramic pots or a frivolous kitchen accessory, but I won't be able to help being wary of anything with internal motorized parts.
3	I visited Cooking Uptown for the first time this week when I attended one of the cooking classes they hold.  Everyone was superfriendly at check-in and then I had the opportunity to browse the store prior to class.  The store part is pretty impressive.  It's like a mini Williams-Sonoma / Sur La Table of kitchen goods.  Although not dirt-cheap, items for sale are very reasonably priced (I thought).  I'd give the store a solid four stars.  The class held a dozen people, and we were making six different menu items (Asian appetizers).  "Students" were asked to split up into groups of two and pick a menu item/recipe to stand beside.  This is where my interest in the class started to wane and I felt a bit disappointed in the "class."  We weren't really "taught" or shown how to make the items.  We were given the recipe, the ingredients, and were advised to go at it on our own, with the instructor stopping by to check in on our progress, help us along, and give us some tips.  Don't get me wrong -- the instructor was fantastic.  Nikki Moore was very friendly, helpful, knowledgeable, professional, and good at what she does.  She rates five stars.  I guess this is just how Cooking Uptown holds its class sessions.  Although I made something I had never made before (steamed pork dumplings), I didn't feel that I really *learned* anything from anyone.  I could have stayed home and followed a recipe where I knew where all my kitchen tools and ingredients were instead of hunting around for them in a foreign kitchen.  For $65, I guess I expected it to be more like a cooking school (e.g., Johnson & Wales) where it's a step-by-step learning process.  I think I learn more from watching cooking shows on The Food Network.   So for the instruction/school part of Cooking Uptown, I can only rate two stars for its lack of actual instruction.  At the end of "class," we were given the opportunity to eat everything that we made.  Everything tasted fantastic and there was more than enough to fill everyone up for dinner.  However, for $65, I can eat pretty darn good and not have to do any prep or clean-up work!  So..."yea" to the store, but "meh" to the cooking class structure.
4	My birthday present this year from my man was a gift certificate to Cooking Uptown - I have been so excited to take a class here since I moved to the Queen City.  This place is so unique its a gourmet cooking store with all your favorite cooking things - utensils, appliances, dishes, knives, gadgets but its so much more.  You could compare it to a William Sonoma of sorts.  What make this place so unique is its independently owned and each month they offer a ton of cooking classes from professional knife skills class to french, Italian, Latin, you name it they will have it I'm sure at some time.I really need to take the knife class but this class sells out really fast - make sure you start looking at the class selection well in advance so you can get a spot.  I just finished my sauce class and it was so much fun...and the best part is I learned a lot.  Valentine's day dinner was a success this year Scallops Beurre Blanc - thank you Cooking Uptown & than you Nikki Moore you are a great cook and teacher.*side note they are offering kids cooking classes for the summer.
2	There are several reasons to love Cooking Uptown: it's a locally-owned business by a woman, it is in lovely Elizabeth, it offers cooking classes and some of the greatest little tools for the kitchen that I just HAVE to have. So what's up with the poor score?  Primarily the bad service. The owner must hate people because I have been in there no less than 8 times and all but one time she has been in a terribly unhelpful mood. When you ask a question, it seems like she doesn't have time or desire to help at all. In fact I've brought my mother and my mother-in-law in there on two separate occasions and they both remarked they would never go back or want to buy anything there because of the service.  Once I've had another associate also be rude, but another time she was quite friendly.The hours are crappy- I always have questions or want to sign up for a class on days when they're closed. Business 101: make it as easy as possible for customers to give you money. Just set up online reservations already! I tried 3 times to bring my knives there to get sharpened but their schedule wasn't clear on when/how long, and when I brought them in I got a scowl, a dirty look and a duh. That's when I got my Global Knives (not from here). The parking can be a pain too. The cooking classes are hit and miss- some are more helpful than others (go for technique, not for menu) depending on teacher, and you might get assigned to one meal when you really want to work on another, though I still prefer that hands on approach to "demo" style.  I agree with Lauryn- Nikki Moore is a delightful teacher. I prefer the Chef's Choice classes at Johnson & Wales. I kind of get the sense that people who come in for the classes are considered second rate citizens.  I guess I'm glad not everyone is as pleasant as Nikki or Greg, or I'd spend a ton of moolah in here.
1	I have called several times about classes.  I left several messages that were never returned.  The last time I called, unfortunately I got the owner.  Unbelievably rude.  Clearly this is a trend based on the other reviews.  I guess she has so much business that she can treat potential clients badly.  There are plenty of other good places to buy cooking equipment and to get lessons in Charlotte. Don't bother trying to do business with this woman.
5	Went to Cooking Uptown on 11-12-2011 and had a wonderful experience.  This was a gift to me from my girlfriend and we did the Healthful Wok Cookery class.  Chef Julia Simon was awesome and I walked away with a great memory and excitement about vegetarian wok recipes.
2	I had only browsed during peak shopping hours in the past, but in need of a new item for work, my first thought was to call cooking uptown... unfortunately they're closed on Mondays. So, I called around town and did some leg work and still couldn't find what I wanted, so today I tried cooking uptown again. I thought maybe they were still closed since the phone rang so many times, but they were there, and had what I was looking for in my price range. I eventually made it in and since I was the only customer I could actually take in how much they had (tastefully) stuffed in this place. It reminded me of a shop I used to visit in south Florida, cooking classes and all, but the difference was the lack of service here. The whole time I was in the store i didn't get much a hello or an offer to help. Granted, I walked to exactly what I needed but nothing from an employee or owner? I was at the same rack for minutes clearly comparing items, but every time I looked up it was as if they'd hidden behind a display piece so they didn't have to make eye contact. I walked up to the counter to pay and mentioned how I couldn't find this item anywhere in Charlotte at the moment since it was apparently a popular gift for the holidays, and was happy I didn't have to order it online. The response? "oh, I didn't know (other stores mentioned) even carried this, they didn't carry a lot of things until they started copying my inventory"... most small businesses in Charlotte would have simply extended a thank you for waiting one more day to check them out before ordering through an online vendor, not that I wanted a thank you, but I definitely didn't need a remark like that. Sur la Table may be crowded, but at least they have happy people working there.
1	Well, Cooking Uptown is off my list of place to go for corporate meetings!  Even though they say they offer them,  they seemed quite interested in throwing away money (we had 10 people).  I showed up at the store because no one would return my messages.  I knocked on the door (which is locked) and rang the bell as instructed.  I could see a woman on the phone so I patiently waited.  After she got off the phone, she paid no attention to me (and she could see me at the door).  I finally knocked and she hesitantly came to the door (and did not open it to speak to me).  Instead we spoke through the door.  I told her I called twice about booking a small cooking class a month from then; she asked me if I left a voice mail; I said yes.  She said nothing! After an odd pause, I told her if they didn't want our business, I'd be happy to go.  She looked at me blankly and said "OK".  HOW RUDE!
