5	Very pleased with the dental work. I got referred from my daughter who had dental work done here. I'm looking forward to my next visit. hope it'll be my last visit. Dental work is pricy which I found out, Even with my insurance picking up most of the tab
1	I had some xrays and a cleaning done late 2011 and didn't really care for this office.  They wern't horrable or anything, just didn't like it and didn't care to go back.  SO, now I'm with a new office and need my x-rays so I stopped in to get them.  They want $75 for x-rays that I've paid for once already!  CAN YOU SAY RIP OFF???  The "lady" in the office snipped I should be having new x-rays anyway - while they could plainly see I'm pregnant.  Which I pointed out, saying I was trying to avoid new x-rays while pregnant and I won't even go through the airport xray which is said to be ok.  Needless to say, but saying anyway..I am NOT pleased.  Charging TWICE for the same thing, less the work actually since it's a copy, seems like less a total scam.  Oh well, I'll never go back and will forever caution people looking for a dental office against using them.  Congrats Sossaman Family Dental on your sub-par service.
1	I had a horrible experience at Sossaman family dental. I have been a patient there for a couple years and I made an appointment for a routine cleaning. I go to my appt and the receptionist said the manager Megan cancelled my appt because they had the wrong number in there system and couldn't  call to confirm. Who does that? It's a big deal because I have a preemie baby at home on oxygen and its not easy for me to leave my home. My husband had to leave work early so I could go to my appt. I explained my situation and they were not willing to help in any way. My husband who is also a patient  there called to speak to Megan the  manager and she was rude to him and said it was my fault because they couldn't get a hold of me.  Worst customer service I have ever experienced. There are so many dentist to choose from, stay away from this unprofessional environment. Very cold and inconsiderate office.
5	I have been a patient for about 4 years. I started at their previous location and saw Dr Smith. I wasn't really a fan of him so I stopped going there. I was looking for a new dentist when I got called to schedule a cleaning. I let them know I was unhappy with Dr Smith and they advised he no longer worked there. They also had moved to a new location. I decided to give them another chance and I sure am happy I did!! I now see Dr Mayer and am very happy with this office. Dr Mayer is very friendly and gentile and seems really passionate about the work he does. I also have had nothing but positive experiences with the office staff and Megan has been nothing shy of amazing. I am happy I gave this office a second chance and have been referring friends and family here who also love it!!!
5	My family has been coming here for a year now. Every time we walk in they know exactly who we are are greet us by name. They have such a great manner with children. The who office makes coming to the dentist a truly wonderful and comfortable experience. If I could give more than 5 stars I would. Their appointments fill up fast but if your flexible they can get you in on short notice if they have a cancellation.
