5	I came across a coupon online for this company and decided to give it a try. They are located in Rain Salon, in the Costco parking lot. It's really easy to get to and since my regular stylist also has a studio in Rain, it is really convenient for me. I went for a quick bikini wax, and decided to add on a few more body parts as well, because the prices were too great to pass up! I appreciated the relaxing music that was playing in the background, it allowed my mind to wander. Luckily, it was over before I knew it! The service was professional and courteous. I am happy that I can combine waxing with getting my hair done now!
5	Genet is one of the best in the business. Having just recently arrived from Tokyo, Japan, I was looking for affordability and great customer service.  After all, besides medical personnel, some services require intimate body areas. Upon meeting Genet, I was instantly struck by her great smile and energy.  She patiently answered all my questions and I felt as ease.  She also used quality supplies, no double dipping from other customer use as has happened before to me in other salons.I received so far, a brazilian wax, leg wax, underarm, eyebrow, upper lip, and a facial. Her prices are great especially if you are military affiliated.  She also accepts groupons, and has specials.She is located in the Rain salon, and can be booked by appointment online.  Thank you Genet for an amazing facial today. My skin is soft like butter, girl!!!
5	I purchased a groupon for Brazilian waxing. Being in the hair/nail industry myself.. I am pleased to have found someone who is caring & professional. Her private studio at Rain on Decatur was immaculate! She also offers a great affordable price if I book every 3 weeks. I am very happy to have found her and looking forward to trying a facial!
1	Disappointed. I had purchased a groupon and went online to schedule. I arrived to my appointment and the tech walked out of suite about 5 til my appointment time. She returned 10 minutes later. Still not acknowledging me if I was her next client. Needless to say I didn't stick around after that. I will contact groupon for a refund. Will not recommend this place to anyone and will let everyone know how clients are treated
5	Absolutely amazing service!  She took extra time to ensure the cleanest and smoothest wax--even took the time to tweeze where necessary. She exceeded all expectations and was a delight! Will be back for sure!
5	Genet was friendly, easy-going, comfortable to bare it all with. Her private room inside the salon was welcoming and clean. I had a great experience. Thank you very much! Next time I'm in town, I will definitely return.
5	Genet was fabulous.  She was very affordable, very professional, makes her clients feel comfortable.  She paid a lot of attention to cleanliness, hygiene, and to detail.  Great job Genet, will be back for "maintenance".
5	Genet gave me the best wax I have had since moving to Las Vegas! I got a Brazilian wax and Genet was very thorough. Her private room within the Rain Salon is clean and comfortable. She also offers a great deal if you book an appointment three to four weeks between waxings. I love supporting small businesses especially when the service is exceptional! I will be back!
