5	Because it is the only Navy Fed in Vegas, the staff should be cool and friendly. They are! Ive been a Navy Fed member for a long time and have been to a lot of branches...but I gotta say that this branch is probably the friendliest.every branch has cool people but this one,for some reason stands out to me. Like every branch, they have they're days when there is long lines, but they are pretty quick to help you get in and out.With MY experiences at this single LV branch, theyre Great!
4	I wouldn't trade banking with NFCU for any other! I have never had a problem with them and their customer service is above other places I have banked with.My only criticism is that I wish they had more convenient locations! This is the only one in all of Vegas.
3	I want to say first that I'm very saddened that I cannot give this branch more than 3 stars.  Unfortunately, the 3 out of the 5 times that I have come into the branch it has been packed and they have not had more than 2 tellers working.  The most recent visit during my lunch, around 1230PM proved to be the most disappointing.  There were approx. 12 people in front of me and 1 of the 2 tellers walked away to do I'm not sure what.  It took me over 20 mins before I was able to make my withdraw, simply not good service at all.  Now, the reason why I give three stars is because 5 out of the 5 times I have gone into the branch I have received the typical NFCU attitude from the employees to their patrons, wonderful and upbeat! With this being the only branch in Las Vegas at the moment, I would expect that there would be more tellers behind the counter.  I hope this changes soon :(
3	Solid Bank, though the location is out of the way. Service was pretty quick when I was here last time. The employees (minus the teller) seemed to be pretty detached. My teller was friendly, though I had to walk her through my question.  They have a computer in the lobby so you can check their work ;)I love banking with NFCU, and the best part is that its a REAL bank unlike USAA which has no branches and is basically crap~~
1	Great loans, long lines and angry fat women named Tracy that get mad if you ask any questions interrupting her date with the 5 boxes of crispy creams she has hidden away.
3	If It wasn't for the long lines, this place would be 5-star bank for sure. The past few times I've been here, the lines have been horrendous. Maybe it's just me, but i don't think the 3 people at the front desk aren't necessary- put the manager behind the counter for goodness sake. The 20-30 minute wait times are absolutely ridiculous.
5	This location is hard to get to if you are not familiar with the area... but they are very helpful and fast to get you in and out.  My friend needed access to a large sum of money that he couldn't pull from an ATM, so we drove to this location and were able to get help.  Thanks NFCU
5	I've had a Navy Federal account since I was 2 years old. I've lived all over the USA and even spent a few years in Germany and haven't found a better bank to do business at.In reading the reviews and seeing the low scores I have to try and balance them out by providing a positive perspective. First off the lines...for the longest time this was the only location in the state and all the Military personnel who get paid on the same day rushing out to bank caused those lines. I avoided the lines by not going on popular days like Friday-Monday. Try going mid week or off hours and you can practically walk to the head of the line.The complaints on the staff seem out of place as well. I've always been greeted at the door by a hello and a smile. At the counter the tellers are equally as approachable and willing to go the extra mile for you. The ATM out front is well lit and easy to use. It does almost everything you will need once you are inside so if you see there is a line go back outside and complete your business.I haven't been to the new location yet but that should help elevate some of the line concerns. Even if it doesn't I think the most time I've spent on line has been ten minutes.Almost forgot, it is a credit union and their rates on loans and mortgages are phenomenal.  If you qualify for one you will have a hard time beating them.
5	Best credit union I've found and will stay away from a bank for the rest of my life if possible. Credit unions all the way!  Get the smart phone app to deposit checks into your account to save yourself a trip. Banking made easy.
4	great service, my only complaint is that they close at 1:00 pm on Saturday and most banks close at 2:00 p.m.
5	Best CU ever!!! Great customer service!!! Knowledgeable service and gets you in and out quickly! Thank you!!
