4	If you're looking for some nice, preppy polos, button-ups, and sweaters at a cheaper price than what you would pay in the stores, this is the place to shop.  My brother and father descended on this store and walked out of there with about 4 shirts each.  Prices aren't dirt-cheap (long sleeved button-ups were about $55) and are comparable to sale prices at the regular retail stores.  The best bargains are in the back, in the clearance section.  My brother hit the jackpot here and found that just about everything in that section was his size.  However, some of the items are marked "sample" on the label, though it didn't stop my brother from purchasing them.The women's area also had some decent selections.  I managed to find a pair of really comfortable, yet stylish, warm-up pants, marked down to $19.99 from $98.00.  Can't beat that!  It helps if you're an odd size- either really tiny or large, because they have more clothes in that range.  Overall a nice outlet store where you can find some nice bargains if you look.  They also stock their "regular" polos at their "regular" price if you don't like their discounted selection.
4	They have some good markdowns and prices here. The downside is that they have some funky colored polos and sweaters. Neon green anyone? Upside is that they still carry the traditional white and black colors, just not as heavily discounted. I managed to snag some cool kicks and a hat for only 10 bucks! :)
3	I am not real impressed with this store. I have been to the full retail shop at the Americana in Glendale, CA.  The prices are not that different from the ones at the outlet and the retail store.  The colors that they carry are about the same, although there isn't much of a price break on the basic colors.  Their clearance items can be great deals but the selection really is very small.  The store's jewelry section isn't much, just like at the retail stores back home. The associates working there weren't real friendly and didn't even ask if I needed assistance. I was NOT at all impressed.
1	I am writing this review on behalf of my parents. My parents came in to this store to find me a decent cardigan and they left very unhappy campers. #1. they had no cardigans. They ended up buying me a v-neck merino sweater that I actually hate (the V-neck collar is rainbow colored-eww)... but it is an outlet store so that explains the lack of selection.#2. my dad picked up an item or two for himself. upon going to the register and making a payment, my mom requested a second bag so that she could separate his items from mine. the cashier girl refused to give them a 2nd bag not stating a reason for it, except that it's their policy not to give out more than one bag for each customer. so my parents told them they would pay for the items separately (as in my mom would get back in line and pay for my item and my dad would pay for his stuff at that point). the B**** cashier girl said she still would not give them another bag.  My parents were paying in CASH so it's not like Lacoste would have eaten up additional charges for swiping a credit card twice.. then that crackh** proceeded to THREATEN to call security on my darling parents.  At that point, my parents requested to see a manager and the cashier girl boldly stated that she was the manager, but when my parents asked her for her business card, she couldn't provide it. finally another store clerk went to the back and called the real manager who explained that because they were short on their supply of bags they couldn't provide my parents a second bag.  that's all my parents needed. an explanation. my parents are first generation filipino-americans with an accent. it PISSES me off to hear that blue collar B****es think they can treat CUSTOMERS in that manner. if that B**** ever reads this, i hope you realize how LUCKY you are that I wasn't there when that occurred because I would've ripped you a new one.I don't know why my parents didn't walk out of that store and why they bought that hideous sweater. They must love me that much to have thought I would've been disappointed without it. But, I plan on returning it this weekend.And, rest assured, we called and filed a complaint with the corporate department and provided names of the employees in the ordeal.I will NEVER ever purchase any sort of lacoste items and these "employees"' lack of customer service and their pompous attitudes are well noted.  Stop thinking you're the S*** because you sell RETAIL in an OUTLET store in the middle of nowhere.  Get an education and maybe you'll learn a thing or two about mannerisms.
3	Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, pink...color it happy...This places has a bunch of shirts, polos, sweaters of all kinds of colors that you can think of. Different shades of all colors! Pink, hot pink, fushia, magenta...yup!It's almost like walking into a colorful candy store but instead of candy, it's clothes :).On a side note: the colors are beautiful but the prices can be on the high side. You're looking at polos $50 and up. You gotta pay to be preppy and colorful, I guess ;)
3	Small, cramped and stuffy.Though the selection in this store isn't all that bad, I haven't really found myself purchasing anything from this store except for perfume... If you like Lacoste, you're better off going to the retail store at Fashion show. They have better selection.
2	I'm a fan of LaCoste when I'm in the mood to look preppy with my polos, sweaters, and sundresses. This store is tiny in comparison to the other stores I usually frequent. I didn't find the selection to be all that great, but I did find a really cute shirt to add to my preppy collection.
