3	This coffee shop is offering two $1.99 breakfast breakfast specials and we tried both.  Ms. Westie chose the 2 eggs (easy over), toast, bacon and hash browns while I feasted on 2 pancakes and bacon.  Both were very well executed and service was attentive. ($6.29)A few days later I requested a comp from the Slot Shift Supervisor and received one for  $25.  Ms. Westie and I each ordered OJ, an avocado omelet and bacon. The omelets were satisfactory, but nothing to write home about.  The bill was an amazing $22.78.
3	I've been here several times and overall the food is very good.Sandwiches and burgers in the $7-8 dollar range are above average. I recommend the triple decker reuben sandwich- lots of good quality corned beef- ask them for the dressing on the side though as they tend to drown it. Burgers are good- recommend the patty melt. Downside is the fries are sub par.I've also tried a couple of their Chinese dinners and they aren't too good IMO- pass on those.Service is typical Vegas- hit or miss and usually at a snails pace.The restaurant can get very crowded during peak meal times.
3	Food's not bad here, better than a so so diner I'd say.What can't be beat are their 24/7 specials like prime rib dinner for $7.99 or filet mignon - surf and turf for $9.99.  They also have grave yard specials like two eggs, hash brown and bacon w/toast for $1.99 or  pancakes w/bacon or sausage for $1.99.I had the prime rib dinner that came w/soup or salad, dinner rolls, baked or mashed potato and vegetables.  Not a bad deal at all.  The rolls were actually really yummy, but they had the super market baked taste.  I chose soup - chicken noodle that came in a cup the size of a large tea cup.  The salad was standard - ice berg lettuce.  My steak was a really good size.  Not the best prime rib of course, a little over done.. not cooked too properly, but still good.  Came w/tons of butter, au jus sauce and horse radish.  Can't beat that!The breakfast special was good too, I had the pancakes w/sausage and the pancakes were enormous and fluffy!The menu items are standard american fare but they also had an entire page of asian food! I could only wonder how they tasted.What I like are also the small things they include, like the fries w/your burger comes in a small little deep fryer net, cute.
2	Shame on me, I guess, for ordering Chinese food at a non-Chinese location.I wasn't really impressed with the Hong Kong noodles that I received.  The vegetable choice was a bit strange and everything was drowned in a thick gravy.  The noodles themselves were really soggy and not really crispy as I've typically found at Chinese restaurants.Maybe I'll have to come back and try some of the non-Chinese food.
2	I happened to be hungry on the East side so I headed into the Cannery after reading positive remarks about their Mexican restaurant. Sadly, Casa Cocina (doesn't that just mean 'house of kitchen'?) is only open for dinner so we went to Snaps, their diner. Well, as you may have guessed the meal was pretty dull, but the highlight was the chicken soup. It was made from scratch, had a lot of flavor, and was well-seasoned. Most suprisingly, the egg noodles (someone in the kitchen knows the right noodles to use for chicken soup) were perfectly cooked without an inkling of sogginess. Had I ordered a bowl rather than a cup and passed on the sorry excuse for parmesan onion rings and cafeteria side salad I would have been quite happy. Just a little FYI in case you find yourself in the East Side Cannery and need something snappy....
4	This is my boss's favorite spot to eat I think so I've been here a few times.  I haven't had a bad meal yet surprisingly.  Kinda surprised by the poor reviews.  The chinese food is good - I've only had the orange chicken but it was tasty.  Also the country club was really good with bacon and fresh avocado. I'd recommend this little spot and prices aren't really your typical outrageous casino prices either.
4	We come here for mid-night snacks (yep! we eat a lot!)I must say their Prime Rib for $5.99-7.99 is really good.
3	Snaps was fine for breakfast.  I have been here two or three times for dinner, but I didn't review at that time.Today, I had the Build Your Own omelet with spinach, mushrooms, and jack cheese.  Tomato slices instead of potatoes and rye toast.  Price was $5.99.  Service was very good.  The toast wasn't buttered much in the kitchen and she brought extra butter quickly.I like this coffee shop.
1	This rates in the top three worst meals I've ever had.  We had the special which was sliced beef on a sub style bun with fries and coleslaw.Meat was thin, tough and tasteless, bun was dry, fries cold, and coleslaw was warm and tasted rancid.  We had a nice server but she didn't come back to check on us (no doubt she new how bad the food was), she showed up after we stacked up the plates and said we have to order a drink with the special and she didn't know that.  We ordered a drink which took a long time to arrive, along with our bill.When paying, we were asked how it was and I said pretty much inedible.  She said we should have told our server and that was the end of that.Stupidly, we went back in the morning because you get a free breakfast and we thought how can they screw up eggs and toast!  Hashbrowns were obviously defrosted when they cooked them and became a mash, toast was so cold there was no way to butter it.  Coffee was supposed to be Starbucks but they must water it down a lot.
3	My Milkshake brings all the boys to the yard... Mmmmm yes they do make a great shake, the glass is rimmed with the most sweetest and thick caramel one could imagine. Really adds a nice taste blend with a vanilla shake when you scrape the sides of the glass with your spoon! Can you say "Mouth Orgasm"?I used to dine here a lot with my boyfriend Chris as he lived around the corner from Snaps. We ate here several times a month for close to a year and a half so we have tried many meals here! We still talk about our old Snaps days, lolol. Yes, seriously the restaurant is called "Snaps".Service is hit and miss, sometimes we are ignored and sometimes they are up my ass with servicing me. The food quality is good and so are the portions. I really like having breakfast here, I think that is really their specialty.Can't go wrong with denver omelet, pancakes, french toast and their signature skillets. Make sure you are HUNGRY! I have also tried from the Chinese menu and they make a great sweet and sour shrimp. Huge shrimps, mmmmm. They have a great sourdough burger in which I believe they now call the "Frisco" burger. Mmmmm try it, you will see what I am excited about. I have to cut this burger down with a knife every time just to fit it all in my mouth to eat. Thick buttery fried sourdough bread, bacon, guacamole, double cheese, 1/4 Angus patty, lettuce, tomato, purple onion and fried onion strings. Mmmmmm is soooooo good! Prices are reasonable however are slowly increasing lately and the restaurant is very comfortable with booths and tables. Snaps is located inside of the Eastside Cannery.Try it!
4	The food is actually pretty good.  Don't go there expecting 5 diamond cuisine....but if you're in the mood a burger or other American type sandwich, this is your place. The prices are really reasonable and the staff is super helpful and attentive.  I have yet to have had a meal I didn't enjoy at Snaps.
3	They don't get 4-5 stars because the service is glacial (but friendly) and the fries are meh. Not even meh. They don't even rate as high as McDonald's - and I wouldn't eat McDonald's fries if given to me for free. No amount of special sauce can save those nasty bits of grease....but I digress...Snaps does get the rest of the stars because the burgers are phenomenal!  Get the bacon avocado bleu or the Frisco (with tangy sourdough). You'll be rolling your eyes back in ecstasy and plotting your next chance to get a burger there. Skip the fries, nosh the burgers. I had a chocolate malt, too. It was also meh. I don't think they used real ice cream, or if they did, not enough. The extra chocolate syrup was a nice touch, though.On a separate visit, I tried their chicken pot pie. Best. Pie. Ever. Seriously yummy stuff, there. The crust is more like a croissant, so don't expect the Marie Calendar's approach. The innards are thick and homey. Very yummy all 'round. Highly recommended for when you need comfort food.Because it's off-strip, it's cheaper, quieter, cleaner, and has close-in parking. We had a bit of fun playing with free $5 they gave us for signing up with the rewards card. Penny slots and poker. Whee!Word of caution, get the $1 draft or a soda. They use tap water, and no amount of lemon can cover that flavor.Haven't been there for breakfast yet, but hear it's swell.
1	This is a nasty excuse for a restaurant. Last night, I got food poisoining and was dumping and vomiting at the same time. It was the chicken philly - how do I know - because I threw the whole damn sandwich up in the shower. Hell will be raised and unless you want to suffer the same fate, stay away from this lowlife part of town and disgusting excuse for a restaurant.
3	Went here last night, tried broccoli beef.very surprised lots of beef and great flavor.wife had fettucini, she said that was horrible.will return to try other Chinese dishes.son has Mongolian beef and that was good.
1	Worst service of any restaurant.  asked for two cups of coffee , brought one cup, said we ordered two, never came back with the other cup.  ordered three dinners, offered soup or salad to only one of us.  Mentioned we did not give our soup or salad order, waitress just walked away.  Did not bring any cranberry sauce with turkey dinner,  asked for some,  reply we are OUT.
1	I've eaten here on several occasions.  It's never been super great, but, it's never been terrible either.  Well, until last week.  While eating my salad, I found a live bug crawling around.  When I pointed it out to the busser, he laughed.....said "maybe it's pepper".  Informed him I did NOT think it was funny.  He did inform the waitress.  She did apologize and said she'd talk to her supervisor.  Well, seems nothing came of that talk. I would have thought a manager or somebody  would have least stopped by to express an interest.  Nothing.  I did eat my main course (steak) and at the end, the waitress offered to "buy me a piece of pie".  Perhaps tha'st what her supervisor suggested?  I dunno.  Anyway, I left kind of disgusted, and PAID FULL PRICE.  The bug was mentioned to the cashier and she didn't seem to care much either.  Perhaps this happens so often that it's considered "normal".  I dunno. I did send off an email to the Cannery offices.  No response.  Typical.  Just seems they don't care.   Let's just say it'll be a cold day in Las Vegas before I eat here again.   There's thousands of places to eat, so, this will be one of my last choices.
4	While driving around on Christmas Eve looking at Christmas lights we passed by the Eastside Cannery and decided to see what they had to eat.After looking at the menu at Snaps we knew this would be the place to try something new. It is decorated with a 1960's feel. The hostess greeted us and seated us right away. It was just after 8 pm and they were pretty busy. I was at least given a menu to look over but it took 10 minutes for someone to acknowledge us and get our drink order. It was frustrating but since it was Christmas Eve and they did appear busy I figured it might not always be like that.We started off with "Idaho Potato Wedges" that only cost $3.99. It had Shredded Cheddar, Sour Cream, Chopped Bacon, and Green Onions on the wedges. You will get way more then you thought for the price and they taste great.Since it was so cold outside I thought the "Homemade French Onion Soup" sounded comforting. It was! The portion was perfect and the Swiss Cheese was just bubbling over the top. Under the cheese a very thick bread that soaked up and held up nice considering all of the yummy cheese on top of it. The broth had a very deep flavor and the onions were so flavorful. It only cost $4.50!!!My man had what they call a "Monster Burger". It has Fried Egg, Onion Rings, Cheddar Cheese and Pastrami. He had them leave the egg off. He said the burger could have been seasoned better but the pastrami was very good. The inside was clean and the staff friendly.You can choose booth or table. They have some bigger tables for larger parties. They serve beer and wine. There is a bar and they have plenty of tvs to watch sports on.If you are hankering for some Chinese food they have a separate Chinese menu!At one end of the bar you will notice the take out sign for all to go/pick up orders.Check the website for the Cannery to see the deals/promotions they have going on in Snaps. They currently have a few very good meal specials. I'm so glad we tried Snaps! We will for sure be back!
4	Whoa!  Something has changed @ Snaps and it's the quality of the food!On our last visit a year or so ago, I really thought that we were in a low quality Denny's.  The food was bland and yucky.  Both our items seemed like they had just come out of the freezer bag and off the warming rack.Then last night we took a chance and hit it up again and I am so glad to report that the food quality has gone way up from our last experience.I wanted prime rib and they were running a $9.99 special.  I wasn't sure what to expect, but I thought I'd take the risk and I am glad I did.  The prime rib was amazingly good.  Juicy, tender and very flavor-able.  For a minute you could close your eyes and imagine yourself @ Lawry's!!! Well maybe not quite that, but very, very good.My wife had the Chinese and it too was tasty and fresh.  I hope they keep these improvements since it's a place that is close to home and I like to play the nickle video poker machines at the Eastside Cannery.
4	Ok, I know I complained about the service, but they redeemed themselves tonight. Our server, Lorie, was on it! From the extra potato fixings that she brought out early, to the fork I demanded for dinner (because I believe the lack of salad forks began our downfall as a society), we had an excellent date night.Now, the prime rib. I'll be honest - I wasn't expecting much, given that it was under $10. Was I ever impressed! Thick, tender, extra-rare - tasty and yummy. Jim loves their burgers, but boy was he jealous! (I shared a bite or two. Yes, I love him that much.)
3	Went to this place inside the Eastside Cannery two days in a row to meet with family while on vacation!  I was real pleased to see how the staff greets the locals, knowing them by name and treating them like family. Says alot about a place. Our server both days, Lee was a doll. She was attentive and handled out table of  six the first day and all ten the next without breaking a sweat. She keeps up with the wize alecs too! A nice place with good food. The price is right and the pictures all over the place are cute too! Clean and neat I would go again.
3	After a long day of showing the city to my sweetheart we came back to the hotel starving. We went into Snaps for a quick snack before bed and they didn't disappoint. OMG a short stack for $1.99 you can't beat late night munchie food like pancakes and at this price so cool. My girl got Parmesan Onion Rings they were huge and very good.Can't beat the comfort food and the prices!
4	I have eaten at Snaps a ton of times since they opened up the Cannery.  Hell, I even liked the diner at the old Nevada Palace when it was here.  The Eastside Cannery is close to home and it's a well run casino that is welcoming and warm.  The employees are great all around the casino and the same could be said at Snaps.  I try and have dinner with my folks once a week.  Usually on my night of carb-feasting.  But, last week I went to a couple of UYE's and didn't get a chance to.  So, I made sure I would hook up with them this weekend.  I'm not much of a food snob and I'll go anywhere that is decent.  So, Snaps, the diner at the Eastside Cannery, was the call.  I like diners, there is always something  for everyone.  The menu varies, breakfast any time of the day to a Chinese menu.  But, I knew that I wanted breakfast with extra hash-browns.  That is a great carbload for me.  So, here was our night:Parking is always easy to find at the Eastside Cannery.  I don't mind a little walk but, they have a shuttle if you need it.  Nice touch.  Anyhow, I met my folks in front of the restaurant and we were immediately seated in the back near the kitchen.  Our drink orders were taken pretty quickly.  Our waitress, Ronnie, came to our table to see if we had any questions before we ordered.  But, since we have been here many times before we knew what we wanted.  Ronnie takes our order and our drinks came out as soon as she left.  The place was quiet - except for a drawing going on in the main casino and a nasty hum coming from the sound system.  That kind of got on my nerves but whatever.  It was quiet because one, it's a Sunday night and two, we were there at 5:00 pm.  It's what you get when you eat with the retired.Our meals come out and everything looked great.  The food was hot and our drinks were always being refilled.  As we were finishing our meals I realized that I didn't get my 2nd order of hash browns and Ronnie made sure to take it off of the bill.  She was apologetic but it happens and wasn't a big deal.  So, for dinner it was just around the $30 mark and we left satisfied.
4	I have ate hear twice, for both breakfast and dinner. The country fried steak is good, the biscuits and gravy are aslo quite nice. The service has always been very good as well. I really don't have anything bad to say about them. Much better than Denny's or I-hop and about the same price.
3	The only good thing about here is that the servers were nice, attentive, and friendly, other than that, the proportions of food compared to the price is not worth it. Ordered a $10 pork chop, and the size of the meat is only half the size of what Tuscany Casino offers(which is only $9 dollars). Their fried rice was good, but their other Asian entree are full of batter, that when I ordered Salt & Pepper Sea Bass, I can barely taste fish. I would only go back here for the fried rice.
2	"Eh" is the best comment I can make about this place.  The food was alright, the service was seriously lacking.  When you have to beg to have your order taken, beg to get a refill, and then you don't even pay your server, what is the point of having a waitress?
2	It's like Denny's but a tiny bit better.I dunno what's up with the service in this casino, but it was all the same. Not super friendly and not very prompt. The food was a little better than what you would find at your local Denny's and pricing is decent. If you want a decently quick breakfast and are staying in the hotel, it's worth a try. I will say that I wouldn't take the effort to cross the street to eat here, or if the wait was longer than like 5 minutes.
5	OK here's the deal. I went the first time and didn't like it at all. Since it is close to the house, we tried it one more time... well what a difference! We have been back about 10 times in the last year since. Here is the scoop... Do NOT have any fried food here. They are the worst at frying anything. It is always all breading, super greasy, and gross. stay away from it!Now here is what you SHOULD do... ALWAYS ask for Richard's area. He is super fast, very polite waiter. The best there. I would not want to eat there with anyone else as my server. The eastside cannery club is very good. The steak and eggs are fantastic. It is a nice steak, tender and juicy (if you get it Med rare like I do). The omelets and burgers are always good too. Also the cashew chicken. Their Chinese is surprisingly good.So there you go!
3	I don't know if it was my low, practically nonexistent  expectations of this restaurant, or my hunger but I was pleasantly surprised by the food here. It was solid coffee shop food. Not cheap though as I would expect from the East side Cannery,  I paid $8.99 for the Southwestern Chicken sandwich and fries.  I was torn between my normal coffee shop pick of eggs benedict or breakfast, as I pretty much know what to expect from coffee shop breakfast or the risky chicken sandwich pick - I took the risk.  I was expecting the chicken sandwich to be jerky dry as is my general experience with chicken sandwiches. The chicken was a little dry but by no means as dry as I thought it would be. The bacon the sandwich was not crispy, possibly the precooked microwavable kind, but it was edible. The portion size was decent and I left quite full for lunch.  The chipotle mayo was on the side which was great because then I could gauge how much mayo I put on the sandwich. I didn't try the pickle. You could choose between potato salad, coleslaw or french fries. I picked french fries they were frozen, not fresh, but at least they were hot when they came out.  I will say that I used a little trick I learned from a friend and ordered the fries without the salt to guarantee that they would have to make them/fry them upon order and I wouldn't get fries that had been sitting around. I don't always do this but based on the other yelp reviews complaining of cold fries I felt this was an strategy that needed to be implemented here. Service was extremely slow and lunch took well over an hour, but our server was friendly at least. So I was also debating between "meh" two stars and A-OK three stars, but with the friendly service I picked three - yes there are better coffee shops out there so I would probably give them 2 1/2 but as it stands and we can't do 1/2 stars I will go with A-OK.  I don't anticipate ever going back as this really wasn't my cup of tea and it is not conveniently located for me but if you are there already it is solid coffee shop fare.
4	There are certain dishes I love here and others not so much.  Didn't like the waffles at all.  However, they have great Asian food (soup and noodles) and club sandwhiches.  My dad likes the fried shrimp.  He also recommends the omelets. French fries are good but extra greasy.I like the atmosphere here because it's slow and casual.  Late night dining at snaps is great!  Service can be very yayyy slow though...
1	Gross gross made me and my daughter throw up! Go to the deli. If there closed denny's is across the street.  I hate denny's but it's still 100 times better.
3	Pretty good place to eat. The times I've been have been good customer service and speedy service. The line is usually not that long to get in and get seated. If you like breakfast it is served 24hrs here and it's always been good. The area is not so great around the Eastside Cannery is not the greatest but they do have parking security that will watch over your cars while parked.
3	Didn't know what to expect since I've never even heard of the Cannery until a couple hours ago. At 3am, it was expected that this place would be deserted. Efficient service, not super but it sufficed. Considering there was only 2 or 3 other parties here before us, the food did take some time to arrive after we ordered. The bf ordered steak and eggs, I ordered the mushroom spinach omelette. Though it took a while, the food was really good!! Huge portion sizes and yummy taste. I would say the food made up for the slow food time.I'd come back again!!
1	Came here to eat since I was staying in the hotel. Seems like they do not know their crowds. Big parties are here but it seems like they did not have Enoch staff for a Sunday morning.  They should know what to expect when the hotel is nearly booked up.  Took them 15 to take my order for a simple bacon and eggs and nearly 20 minutes to get the food.  When it came is was really nothing special, toast was cold eggs were warm not even hot.  I would have sent it back but I did not want to wait another 10-15 minutes for them to bring it back.  Go to Denny's across the street anything is better than this.
1	Food was decent at one time, now food and services are poor and they don't care.  Ignore complaints.
4	Open face turkey sandwich is great......
4	Friendly staff, large portions, and delicious food! Great prices! Water is disgusting your better off drinking sink water.
3	I had never been here before, and since we were seeing a show at the Eastside Cannery later that night, it seemed like a good time to try Snaps.  I never got past the Chinese menu, and was generally pleased with what was served.  But there were a few dirty utensils that needed to be replaced, and bits of sticky rice were found in two empty soup bowls which were quickly removed for new ones.Vegetable Egg Rolls were tasty dipped in a very good vibrant, light Sweet & Sour Sauce, and well-prepared pan-fried Potstickers tasted very good.  Wor Wonton Soup contained an ample amount of bok choy, broccoli, celery, carrots, peapods, bamboo shoots, shrimp, chicken, pork, and juicy pork-filled wontons.  Kung Pao Shrimp featured baby corn cobs, celery, carrots, peanuts, sweet Red Peppers, hot Red Chili Peppers, and of course shrimp in a very spicy sauce.  Diane pronounced her Fish n Chips as good but "really greasy."  Service was friendly, efficient, and ubiquitous.XXX-1/2 stars overall on this one outing
4	We came here on a Wednesday evening and ordered 1. Fish feast, 9.992. General Tso chicken, 7.99 with 1.49 upgrade for $18.65 (Used a coupon that we got in the mail: Buy 1 entree get the 2nd one for $3)- Wanted to get the Fried chicken meal for 9.99 first but the server said that it would take at least 30min to make! Such a long time. So ended up getting the fish feast. Good deal. Big portion. Reminded me of something a little bit better than Long John's Silver. - We were a little bit nervous ordering Chinese food in a restaurant called Snaps, but it turned out to be pretty good. Although very salty, but I think that's how most Americans prefer their Chinese food, drench was soy sauce. - Friendly service. Attentive. - Nice diner setting. - The upgrade didn't apply to the chicken. It was 7.99-4=$3, not (7.99+1.49)-X=$3. Lame- I'd probably come back when they have another deal in the mail or possibly for the breakfast specials.
4	Still love the War Wonton. Have tried others in the Valley, keep coming back here. It's the ultimate comfort food. The potstickers are pretty good, too. I guess they have an Asian cook who'll really knows his stuff.
1	I will never eat there again waitress took15 minutes for drink order brought it back quick wrong waited there over 20 minutes no one came back threw a 5 on the table for the coffee we got and left the hostess chased us down saying we didn't pay for the coffee I told her the 5 was on the table she said well that would be for the server I just looked at her and said if I walk back there better be a manager I can speak to she said never mind and walked away they suck
3	Nothing much to say about this restaurant. Its next to the a slot machines, it's cheap but the food is not particularly good.It's OK if you're really hungry!
1	Food is good, however BY FAR the worst organized and non caring people work the cash register and take room service.  During a recent stay I wanted room service. Room service stops at 10 pm. Room service goes through SNAPS restaurant.  I called at 9:50. Was put on hold for 25 minutes.  I walked downstairs and told the lady at the register who was busy going thru orders (paperwork) or something. I told her I've been on hold for at this point about a half hour.  She said, as evident she obvious didn't care, "yeah that was me.  There are a lot of people on hold. I'll pick up once I'm done here."  Not an "I'm sorry" or an form of embarrassment for not doing her job, nothing. I was amazed!  Her lack of giving a crap was pretty much they way it goes there I guess and expected.  Like I said food is good but don't expect anything more. I'll never order from there again.
4	The food is good and the service is even better. Hell the price is reasonable. I find that service is always what I look at first. Snaps has an awesome staff and the servers are some of the best I have personally experienced in an off the strip restaurant.Good job guys.
