3	This wine walk compared to the last one at Lake Las Vegas I volunteered at but the Town Square is a very nice place. The crew I worked with this time was just as awesome as the crew I worked with last time. I may be biased but I think the Yelp team runs the best stations at the wine walk. Molly thank you again for letting me volunteer with your group I always have such a good time.
5	Best way to end a week.. wine, shopping, and fantastic company. Lines were a little long but went quickly. LOVED seeing the Yelper-helpers, always a treat :)
4	A a volunteer, I didn't enjoy the Wine Walk at Town Square as much as I did at Lake LV. The guests were a little more.. hostile. Nevertheless, New Vista Wine Walks offer a great opportunity to give to a deserving charity while enjoying a great night out with friends or a romantic night with a loved one. The one thing I liked about the Town Square WW is that they offered a couple food vendors so guests were able to get their snack on while sipping their wines, there is also a larger selection for dinner before/after the walk.
5	I loved the idea of sampling wine and walking around with great company! There are 20 wines to sample ranging from different types of red and white. The great side about this wine walk is how it is a fundraiser for New Vista, a non profit organization that helps out those who suffer from mental illnesses and disabilities by teaching them and providing homes.
3	I was not pleased with this event.I have been to numerous wine tasting events and this one seemed a little unorganized.Many stations were unmanned and 2 of the stations were not available.I overheard many people comment on the volume of wine poured in our glass or lack of wine in our glass. ( more below )When we arrived and received our wristbands and punch cards, the first table we ventured to was not ready to accept any customers.We went to another station and they were very pleasant and we continued along. We did not have a map or any direction to where to go next, so we followed another couple and came across another empty table with bottles of wine, but no one to pour. We waited for a few and then walked across the street to another table. The person there noticed no one at the table across from them and was going to go over there to cover.On the volume of wine in the glass.I know there are 20 different wines to taste if you visit every station.I do not like all wines and I wanted to atleast get a taste of the wines I wanted. The pours seemed a little on the skimpy side.If I didn't get my coupon on Living Social, I would probably rate this a 2.I think this is for a good cause and I am only giving this a 3 star due to the affiliation with New Vista Charity.
