2	The produce at this store is always very very nice and reasonably priced.  There is a very disagreeable smell in the meat department so I don't buy anything from the meat or fish department.  The pet supply area has a good selection.  The frozen food selection is very small.  The video department has been replaced by a machine; kinda cool.  The bakery is a bit of an afterthought.  What a shame.  The store at 75th and Cactus (which they closed) was much better.
4	This location is pretty well maintained and easily accessible. There is a decent selection of everything from fresh veggies and meats to pet supplies and your everyday household and beauty supplies. There is also a selection of wine, beer and liquor. The bakery department doesn't have a huge selection of goodies but what they do have showcased is absolutely delicious. I don't buy my veggies anywhere else but here. They are fresh and last a long time. I've ordered some steaks from the meat department and am very impressed by their selections. Even the deli has some awesome sandwich meats and cheeses my hubby and I love!The workers that I have encountered have been helpful and nice for the most part but I have come across some cashiers that just seem like they don't care and will not smile.  We really love that we can easily go across the street and pick up things when we need them.
3	This Albertsons is alright. There's always a cashier with jet black hair who literally looks like she's dying a little more with every customer she sees, but besides that it's a fine grocery store.
1	I went in looking for a last minute cake for my nephews birthday. It was about 7pm and the bakery associate was cleaning the area around the cakes. I was looking for a specific type of frosting and had asked her how I could tell it was the specific type. She couldn't be bothered to even look at me directly and stated "it'll be named on the label" and continued to clean. She was very unhelpful in assisting me. I would rather take my business where someone is at least willing to help me find my item.
3	Never has fresh fruit and vegetables. ..take notes please more organized and organic...need alot more variety when it comes to no gmo foods
