5	To put it simply--THIS PLACE ROCKS.  Why you ask?  Well, for starters, you won't waste half your life waiting in line, which is the usual if you frequent the the 'real' USPS on Bell.  Second, they're open til 9PM, so you aren't confined to a 5PM close--you can drop off packages after work!  Third, the people that work there are always pleasant and friendly.  Fourth, Party Planet is the 'Ultimate party super store'.   So, in case I forgot to pick up a grass skirt or need to rent a margarita machine, I can take care of it, after I send my care packages.  What more could you possibly want!
1	Arg!!! They really need to get more employees or people just need to start using the self service machines for non-complex transactions.  Seriously its not that hard! I dread having to mail anything internationally because then I HAVE to take my package to the counter.  Line is always ridiculously long here.  Doesn't matter what time of the day either.  Honestly if you don't NEED to go to the counter use the self service mailing center or buy an inexpensive scale and print your postage labels from home.  Plus it's discounted online vs at the PO.
2	Long long long lines and employees are helpful but dont seem very happy. It must be all the older people from sun city who I see fighting with them.
3	Do to have that ONE review you just keep putting off and dont care to write it? Thats the post office for me. You get what you get, and you get it here. It's like a review of a place that no matter what any of us write, it'll never change. One thing I'd LOVE to see, especially once the Snow Birds return... A speed line. Just a basic line for basic transactions. I always use the automatic machines as often as I can, but it always seems the times I have to wait in line, it's always out the door and takes forever. Stick to mornings and late afternoons. Skip on weekends!
2	Parking lot is a nightmere!!& lines are wayyyyyy to long & usually only 1 or 2 people working!! Unhelpful staff!!! Not going here anymore!!! worst post office!
3	Ugh
5	The tracking on my package showed "delivered", but no package. I called my local Surprise PO on Bell and spoke to Todd. I was already irritated from dealing with the RIDICULOUS automated USPS phone line and was ready to lay into whoever answered the phone. Todd was completely professional and calm. He filed a report and explained the next steps to finding my package. I was pleasantly surprised. It's Thanksgiving tomorrow, so will see if they find my package on Friday like I was advised. As for Todd and the customer service I received, he was 5 stars.
2	I was bored, had a few hours to kill, had been sitting at a desk all day (which you know isn't healthy), and realized that I had been a little anti-social lately, so I thought, what one place could fix all of these problems?  I know, the Post Office!  Only 9 days until Christmas, so I knew I'd be able to fill those hours standing in a Disneyland-sized line, which would give me plenty of opportunities to make new friends.I sure wasn't disappointed.  No, sir.  I got in, quickly assessed which line was the one that would eventually lead me to the main counter, and took my place among a group of rather somber looking people, each struggling to maintain control over a half-dozen or so packages that kept shifting in their arms.  Cheer up, people!  It's the holiday season!  I can't believe how many grumpy people there are out there this time of year.  Some even had the nerve to complain that other patrons, (who had waited in line just as long by the way), still hadn't put their gift bags and other items into boxes for mailing.  What's the big deal?  The employee was more than happy to dedicate 10 or so minutes exclusively to helping them pack their items.  Now that's customer service.And I should add that the Post Office really takes care of its employees as well.  They let all but two of them go home for the day, obviously so they could enjoy time with their families during the season.  Wonderful!  You don't see stores like Fry's or Safeway pare down their staff to just two people during a busy time, do you?  No!  They ramp up their staff so that nobody has to wait in line and can get customers in and out efficiently.  That's just mean-spirited, taking employees away from their families like that.I made the best of it by making some new friends in my time there.  I couldn't believe they had negative things to say about their experience, though.  I don't like to let negativity ruin my holidays, so I smiled and let them go on and on about how sloooooowwwww everything was and how they had other things to do.  Lighten up, people!  You just got here an hour ago and you're almost 2/3 through the line!At least you were lucky enough to get in!  They closed up shop and sent other people walking away, packages in hand, dejected that they couldn't join us.  2 stars.  I would have given it 5, but the entire crowd seemed to hate the service there, so I'm going to be fair and average it.
4	They seemed to have figured something out, the lines have been so much better and faster the last few times I have been at this location!
5	Thanks to Todd, they found my package on Friday! My mail carrier just forgot to put the key in my mailbox. Again, couldn't be more pleased with the customer service!
5	This location is not to bad now that I come here so much for business. Got to know all the friendly faces. They know me. The major problem I have is the parking here. I do happen to notice that landscaping here is out of hand. Well not only here but at most of the post offices that I go to. Wonder why? Hmmm. Going back to the service inside ... These guys bust butt. They work hard. I feel they can only do so much. I see the stuff stuff that they put up with while I wait in line. I just suggest please treat your post office people with respect and they will give you respect in return.
2	The past office itself is okay but some of the employees there are morons. I hate having to interact with them.  Why after 6 years would you ask a regular customer whom you know by name for id and make you sign back of your cc? It makes no sense and is irritating.
