5	Best gym ever, amazing staff, great equipment. Going to the gym with excitement and big smile ;)
5	Drop your gym membership and go to 1-stop fitness instead. You will not regret it. Everything that you are looking for in a gym is all here in 1-Stop Fitness. If you are looking for results, this is the place to be! They will help you lose, be leaner and toner... and most importantly keep it off for good. They have awesome trainers who truly care about your well being.. Not just your physical looks. I have been working out with Tomomi for 3-4 years now- not only did she help me with my back injury, she also helped me get to my goal! Stop by today and be greeted and welcomed by the friendliest trainers and gym owners!
1	This gym has been the WORST decision I have made when it has come to a membership anywhere. Thank goodness it was only a 6 month contract because I cannot imagine being stuck with them for a year. I tried to get out right away and still got charged more than I should have for multiple months. Out of contract my payment was supposed to go down to $39 and they continued to charge me the $79 for 2 months. ($39 was the only reason I thought about staying for a bit, hoping the management would change). I was told I could cancel before the payment was scheduled and once I did this I was told they would charge me an additional TWO MONTHS for a 30 day notice even though I was out of contract. I was just following the directions the manager told me. When I explained this they didn't care what I was told and charged me an additional 2 months. Even if I am required to pay 30 days how do I get charged 2 months? On top of what I "owed" they continued to charge my account because they didn't submit my cancellation form.  The gym is dirty, the equipment is old and the management is AWFUL! I would have been okay if they just understood the situation that the manager promised me but the fact that they did not have the member in mind at all shows their interest. Money only. I will continue to tell all my coworkers and friends to stay away from this gym!
