5	My second time getting my car windows tinted with Aladdins Window Tinting.  They do a very good job for a decent price.  Had my first car done 2 years ago and windows still looks great.  I would highly reccomend to anyone looking for quality service and installation for a reasoniable price.  5 stars
5	I got a new Crossover and after a weeks driving, I realized that the company standard issue tinting doesn't help much in Phoenix heat. Picked this place after calling up 4 or 5 auto shops from the brochures I got from Phoenix home and garden show and researching reviews online.  And I am glad I made this choice. They did a really awesome job. The car looks amazing. -best price quote I received.-excellent customer service and flexibility.  I had to stay their while the work was being done and they made me feel welcome and at home.  While leaving they even gave me a pack of dates, brought from back home in San Diego :)-excellent knowledge on what grade material to use from legality, visibility and driving safety perspective while giving the car a really cool dark tinted look. They gave partial sample coating for me to actually assess from in and out and let me pick the shade. Danny and KT, you guys are the best. I am bringing my next vehicle to you for sure and I will definitely refer you to my friends.
5	We just got our windows tinted at Aladdin's great friendly knowledgeable guys, I would highly recommend there services best prices in town and quality work. Windows look awesome. thanks Danny and Casey. Will be sending anybody I know who needs to have their windows tinted.
5	These guys are great. Yes, they work out of their garage, but they are quick and efficient and they do a great job. When we called around to price out tinting our minivan, they were by far the least expensive (almost half of what other places like AZ Hitchman - where I did my first car - were charging). We were not disappointed. You won't be either.
5	Guys do great work and extremely flexible with their hours.  They met met at 4 pm on a Sunday for the tint, which no other place could do as they work out of their own garage.  Had a little bubbling on one of the windows and they replaced it no questions asked.  Would recommend them to a friend no doubt.
5	Danny was awesome!  He was able to get me in the same day... Removed some tint that was too dark for me and replaced it with some that was more to my liking. I will definitely bring all my vehicles back to him.
5	i was a little skeptical because of it being at home, but these guys are awesome. Great conversations with owner and staff. The owner is a veteran, as I am too. So I got a really good veteran discount. Would highly recommend these guys to anyone!
5	So I had Danny book me in as soon as possible and surely enough he did. He was flexible with my school schedule and once I got there the customer service and hospitality was amazing. Casey and Danny ran into trouble on my back window due to some factory dots on the top of the rear window but they managed to over come the problem and still gave me what I wanted. I recommend these guys to anyone and I was pleased with the results. Danny even offered if there were any problems with the tint and the dots to come back and he'd fix it no questions ask. Thank you Danny and Casey! If you're looking for a good tint job with good customer service at an affordable price, this is the place you're looking for.
5	I went to Danny based on all the previous reviews and I can tell you that they are 100% accurate. Danny is a stand up guy who does quality work. He uses the same products as all the local car wash places. The only difference is Danny doesn't over charge, mark up or stick it to you. Thank you for providing quality work and service!
5	Great service and my windows on my car look great! They did my car two hours after I called on a Friday! They were really nice...bringing me a drink and making small talk while they worked. Explained what they were doing and showed me at each step. Highly recommend as a place to get your tint done!
5	They did a great job on my car! It only took about an hour. I have a convertible, and the back window was the hardest part but Danny and his uncle handled it very well. They may be not the closest one or the cheapest one, but they are very honest and the quality of their work is exceptional! I'm glad that I chose them to do the tinting job! Nice people, excellent job, strongly recommended!
5	I had my daughter's car done and they were amazing!! Very nice and professional. My daughter's car looks awesome! HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND!! :)
5	Excellent service. Done in just a couple hours. They have a few different options for quality and price.
5	Danny did a fantastic job of tinting my brand new Mazda 6.  Highly recommended.  Don't be alarmed when you pull up to a house in a residential neighborhood.  He does fantastic work out of his garage.  He made a same day appointment for me.  The job was done perfectly and completed earlier than he estimated.  Danny is very pleasant and you feel confident he will do the job right.  The prices were great and service was even better.  I can't recommend Aladdin's window tinting highly enough.
5	Down to earth guys... Did a great job on my car... Would definitely go there again..-Max
