5	This is my favorite place to eat pizza! I can eat here everyday it is so good lol. The staff is very friendly and they have even donated meals to a few causes my family and I worked on so we really appreciate the staff here. Toniann and I believe her name is Kristen are the best managers there and always so helpful. If you have never eaten here you have no idea what your missing and now I am craving some pizza so I think I will be heading over there tonight so tootles for now.
5	Pizza is great! I just finished cleaning their kitchen, bathrooms, and front lobby area tile! It looks great if I may say. Go check them out the food tastes really good. They make their dough from scratch every day! Smells good in their facility too.
3	Eh. Pizza is OK. definitely not the best I've seen here and bit overpriced for what it is. Would be a good place to have a birthday party for kids. Their buffalo chicken is not nearly as spicy as a buffalo chicken pizza should be and their ice cream tastes like cool whip.
2	I really like this location but the last couple of times that I have gone in with my family for the lunch buffet I have been so disappointed. The workers who have been checking people out have been so rude. I tried to pay for lunch with a large dollar bill and they lady was annoyed. My family ordered beer and she was put off by the fact that they asked questions about the sizes of cups versus pitchers. The food was okay but by the time we got home we were all sick and running towards the bathrooms! I hope this place gets better!
5	This is the best peter piper in the area! (Dare I say all of Az?) management and employees are fun and helpful, speedy service and quality food :)
2	Tried PPP for the first time, they messed up my order in a few different ways1st  They called me back because they forgot what level of spiciness I wanted for my wings.2nd They forgot my salad3rd I ordered half combination half cheese and they gave me half pepperoni half cheese All the staff were very nice and friendly though. They compensated us with a free medium pizza, which we were really thankful for but we still would have rather not gone through the head ache...THE BATHROOM WAS MORE FILTHY MILEY CYRUS AT THE VMA's!!! ALL STALLS LITERALLY  HAD SHIT OVER FLOWING, AND THE ONE URINAL and ONE GARBAGE CAN WAS OVERFLOWING AS WELL... employees and managers should definitely pay more attention to that!The location was big but did not have that many games to play with so I'm still a little confused of the target market for the establishment. Pizza was ok...
5	= = = = = =  WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET!!  = = = = = =Whipped into this Peter Piper today and liked the dining room layout right away.  It was easy to find just the right booth and this location was large enough for them to have 10+ pizzas out at a time.     :-))You can ask them to bake a pizza to your liking, so I requested one from friendly Cashier Jordan:  Thin crust with red sauce, Mozarella, olives, Red Onions, mushrooms, Bell Pepper, Italian Sausage and Pepperoni.About the time I finished enjoying some of each of their three tossed salads, Garden Ranch, Classic Caesar and Mandarin Cranberry, friendly Chef Whatshername had my pizza ready & I went & grabbed a little of it...  ok, most of it, & then took a photo of two slices so it wouldn't look like a pig.Uh oh!     :-)Ok, so after wolfing up some slices of the other varieties they served up I can say that the pizzas up at this particular Peter Piper today were particularly good.  Great restaurant+great staff+great pizza+great price = "Woohoo!"?  Absolutely!     :-))Weekday Lunch Buffet:  $5.99/$5.39 Sr.
