5	This hotel is smart. For the location -right in the center of downtown- the room rates are a steal.  Ugh- and In this traffic=shit city it was fabulous for them to offer covered parking underground.The room set-up is brilliant with sleek furniture with a modern profile that makes a small room feel much larger than it is.  Our room had two leather chairs, a fridge and safe (both inside one cabinet), a desk WITH a computer WITH wi-fi, flat-screen TV, a (very) firm bed, and a spacious bathroom with a doorless tile shower.The staff was young and helpful, and made a pretty decent breakfast spread in the AM.I really enjoyed this modern little hotel :)
4	Wonderful hotel. The room was very pretty, clean and comfortable. It felt like a hotel one would pay more for. The location is great - a block from the metro, a very short walk to the old part of town and definitely far enough away from the sketchy Spectacles area. The staff was very nice and helpful, particularly a young woman named Angela who gave me and my husband many great recommendations.The only reason I'm not giving it five stars is the breakfast. The bagels and croissants were clearly a cheap frozen variety. Plan to eat out for breakfast and you'll be very pleased with this hotel.
1	I would love to tell you about all the great things I discovered at this hotel...but THEY CANCELLED MY RESERVATION? WHAT!? WHAT!? That doesn't happen! But it did.Yesterday I made a reservation for two nights: even gave them my credit card info and received confirmation. Today I get a call telling me they "actually don't have those rooms" available for two nights. The person I spoke with didn't even apologize or offer to put me on a cancellation list (like other hotels offered). Very odd, very odd.
5	This hotel was an amazing find! We were looking at the random hotels that we were passing by while driving through Montreal. We saw that Hotel Le Dauphin had a prime location- We pretty much went to the front desk asking for the price for a room (for shits and giggles because we figured it'd be out of our price range). The price was VERY reasonable, so we decided to book it for that night. We weren't expecting anything too fancy with the price that we paid.Well sure enough, the room was amazing for what we paid for. The shower was enclosed by a large see-through glass wall. Everything in the room and bathroom were clean and crisp. The comforter on the bed was very comfy. The room had a flat panel TV, and YESSSS... a computer with free internet access! It's very difficult not being able to use a smart phone with internet or without roaming charges up the roof, so it's still nice being able to keep in touch with the computer.  The hotel's location was amazing. It is walking distance to Old Montreal, Chinatown, and ohh yess.... la rue de Sainte-Catherine.Breakfast was nice. Nothing too fancy but they offered things like cereal, bagels, croissants, cheese, etc.Service at the front desk was great. All staff of  younger ladies and gentlemen were very friendly.Next time I visit Montreal, I am booking this hotel. Love it and loved the price.
4	I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who is coming to Montreal. It is within walking distance of almost anything you could want. Restaurants, shopping, museums etc. When we first arrived we were greeted by a very nice employee. He started off speaking in french but when we let him know we didn`t speak french he immediately switched to english without missing a beat. On our first night we decided to venture out to get something to eat and he was very helpful suggesting nearby restaurants. Another employee offered to show us how to get to the closest mall as we mentioned a particular restaurant that just happened to be located in that mall. He kindly walked us over to the mall and directed us on where find the restaurant. The continental breakfast is sufficient. They have different kinds of bread for toast, crossaints, bagels, fruit, cereal, oatmeal, coffee, juices, milk and a cappucino machine. Whatever food they have down there they ask that you consume in the breakfast room and don`t want you to bring back up to your room. But you can bring outside food to your room as well as order delivery from the various deliveries in the area.Everyone we have encountered that works here from the front desk to the housekeepers are very friendly and helpful. I was pleased that the hotel has a gym for guests to use. It was so cold during our weeks stay that we didn`t want to venture out too much and the gym is a nice way to burn off some energy.Our room was very clean and well appointed. Each room has:*A large flat screen tv with a mix of french speaking and english channels. *A dvd player and in their little guidebook it says they have a selection of dvds at the front desk that guests can borrow free of charge. (They only have a few dvds and nothing that interested us.)*A mini fridge and a safe which we took full advantage of. *A coffee maker with mugs and a basket of creamer and sugars. They also provide you with 2 bottles of water complimentary, every day housekeeping replinishes the water. *An alarm clock that has an ipod docking station built in. *A wireless telephone.*A computer with free wifi in the room. The computer was pretty much useless. It`s programs are outdated and it is so slow it is hard to even check email with it much less go on facebook. I used my iphone with the free wifi and was able to keep track of facebook stuff and email. In the restroom is a little collection of nice smelling shampoos, conditioners, hand soap, lotion, body wash, a shower cap and a little hygiene kit with cotton balls and q-tips. As well as a blow dryer and plenty of towels. The stand up glass shower is wonderful, the water is nice and hot and water pressure is excellent. They also have heated floors in the bathroom which was great being we stayed here right in the middle of winter. Our room was at the back with a view of China town area and a parking lot which I didn`t mind. There was plenty of downtown skyline to see as well.The beds are very firm but the pillows are nice and soft. It has been fairly quiet during our stay. I started to wonder if there was anyone else here besides us but I finally heard a few people out in the hallway outside our door heading to the elevator. I would have given 5 stars but the computer brought it down to 4. They seem proud of having a computer in every room but like I said ours was pretty much useless because of outdated programs and error messages that are all in french so I couldn`t figure out what they were saying.Outside the computer everything else was superb and I would highly recommend Hotel Le Dauphin to anyone and everyone.
2	What attracted me to this hotel was the location and the decor.  We took Amtrak up from NYC to Central Station in Montreal and this hotel was a short 10 minutes (about 3 blocks) walk away.  Go west from here and you hit downtown Montreal.  Go north and you're steps from Chinatown.  Go east and you're a few blocks from Old Montreal and The Old Port.The decor within is modern but not over the top modernist/art deco.  There's enough wood to give a warmth often lost in most modern design.  The hotel all around is well cleaned and very quiet.  The staff is very friendly and tried their best to be as helpful as possible.  The reason I say "tried" is that the toilet in our room had issues flushing.  Despite having supposedly two people coming to fix it, while we were out, the problem persisted.  Eventually we were placed in another room.  The only other incident was me geting a cup of hot water in the kitchen.  The door was left wide open so I grabbed a cup and started putting hot water in from the dispenser.  The woman from the front desk came in and was short of scolding me about it being closed and how I'm not suppose to be there.  As I left, she was closing the door in a hissy fit, mumbling to herself.  Rude!It's a shame because despite the overall good service, that one women ruined my enjoyment of the stay.  The location might be good but there are plenty of other hotels in the same area and I will be reviewing them instead.
3	Pretty much everything you need in a well located hotel can be found here. This hotel is in a great location--close to transit and within walking distance of just about everything you could need. They offer a continental breakfast that featured bagels, croissant, bread (for toast), yogurt, hard boiled eggs, beans, cheese, mixed fruits, oatmeal, cereal, coffee, tea, juice, hot chocolate, espresso. The hours are good, 6am-10am and 11am on weekends. The breakfast was self-serve and, except for the odd guest who blocked the toaster and plate area, was a pleasant experience in the morning. The staff kept the breakfast room well stocked and clean.The room was decent. The beds were a bit squeaky, but not unbearably so. We liked that we had control of the heat. The room had a fridge, stove, desktop computer, coffee pot, and TV. It was convenient to have a computer in the room, except that everything was in French and there wasn't a way to switch it to English. It is also worth noting that there is free WiFi; it's really easy to get on, but we did find it to be sluggish. We made use of the TV and DVD player, both worked well (the remote may have needed new batteries though). The bathroom had heated floors, but we couldn't figure out how to turn it on. The glass shower enclosure was lovely and easy to use. And while the height of the shower head is adjustable, it doesn't have much depth--you're basically standing in the corner the whole time. Water pressure was a bit low, but the temperature was great and easily adjustable. On a couple of occasions, when we came back to the room the bathroom had a weird odour (other reviewers have had similar experiences). It wasn't super awful and it did go away. Housekeeping did a great job refreshing the towels and complimentary toiletries every day. The staff were polite and easy to talk to. However, not particularly knowledgeable about tourist activities and unable to really provide recommendations. They were great with directions and looking up information for us though.
4	Reasonably priced, modern and spacious room with a HUGE tub! Great convenient location as well.
5	I was extremely pleased with my stay at Hotel Le Dauphin. Staff was very courteous and helpful in orienting me towards local sites of interest; check-in process took just a couple minutes. The room was clean and spacious -- almost twice the size of a comparable room in New York City, where I'm from -- with modern amenities, large and comfortable queen size bed, refrigerator, desktop computer with free wireless internet, and excellent view of downtown. Continental breakfast is included with a broad range of yogurts, cheeses, toast, scones, cereal, eggs, and beverages. Location is excellent, as it is just five minutes from the Old Town, Rue Saint Catherine, and Chinatown, while also being great for a good night's sleep since it's far from any high-traffic streets.Hotel Le Dauphin compared favorably to many other 4-star hotels I have stayed at. I had browsed the listings of over 20 hotels in the area, and was very pleased with choosing Hotel Le Dauphin. It was excellent value for the price, and I would be delighted to stay at the hotel again on my next visit to Montreal.
4	Would have been 5 stars if not for the bed (very stiff) and the wifi (very slow). Staff is very cordial, bathroom is very nice, good continental breakfast, and an umbrella is waiting in case your forgot yours. Great location in downtown near everything.
4	There are some pros and cons to the hotel, but we had a good experience overall.Pros: Good location as a jumping off point in Montreal to see the sites.  Close to rue St. Catherine a major shopping street.  It is also right next to Montreal's Chinatown.   The price was right for the location.  They offer a continental breakfast that featured bagels, croissant, banana bread, yogurt, hard-boiled eggs, beans, cheese, mixed fruits, cereal, and our favorite an espresso machine that makes cappuccino and lattes. The hours are 6am-10am during the week and 6am to 11am on weekends. The room had a fridge, Apple desktop computer, coffee pot, and LCD TV. It also had free WiFi. The bathrooms are spacious and nicely designed.  The rooms have a modern, but welcoming feel with wooden looking floors.  You need a key card to use the elevator adding extra security.  The female staff at the front desk were attentive and helpful, but not all the staff were such.  Cons:  Biggest con was the parking recommended was at the Convention Center two blocks away for $24/day.  So this is an add on to your cost if you are traveling my car.  If, there had been a lot of snow this would have been a pain to walk with any luggage.  There was a lot nearer outside, but when we say a car with its window broken out in the street, I would recommend you use the lot they recommend.  The male staff at the front desk were a bit lazy and not as helpful as the female staff.  I wanted to spend an extra night, but the male staff member was too lazy to enter it in and I went back later and the female staff member helped.
