4	I LOVE ED!He's the most adorable little man who serves up some really good street eats. His Chicago dog is out of this world. It's the reason I seek him out every month. You can find him most days of the week manning his cart in downtown Phoenix. He's got a decent variety of dogs to choose from and every one I've tried has been really good. If you see his cart, I would recommend stoping by for a bite.
5	I am shocked.  Only one review for ETHD.  A Phoenix institution. Thousands of us do jury duty.  Ed's is a must stop on jury day.  Especially for the Chicago Dog.  He has all the napkins you need, plus places to sit.
2	The Polish sausage on a bun I had for lunch today was terrific. Why two stars? Because when I paid with my debit card, Ed used the card reading app on his phone and added a tip without asking - the receipt was emailed to me so I didn't know he did that until later. Look dude, I'm happy to tip you, but it's not cool to take advantage of your customers like that. Funny thing is, I would have left a bigger tip had he given me the option. So, two stars. He lost a five star rating over a measly dollar.
5	Ed is a very nice guy and has excellent dogs!! I love the Supperdogger and the Argentine Soripan! The fixings he add to all the dogs are extremely good!! If you are downtown and want a good hotdog, hit up Ed!
4	Good dogs at a good price.  Ed offers a nice variety too.  I often walk around downtown but never made to the courthouse until this afternoon when I had to report for jury duty.  Oddly enough, I had read about Ed somewhere before but this was the first I had been by his cart.  Today he was set up on the SW corner of Jefferson & 1st Ave.  I'm not sure if this is a regular spot or if he moves about the area but I'll be on the lookout for him again so I can try a variety of his hot dogs.Ed stocks Faygo Root Beer in cans.  That alone is worth a mention.
4	I'm a fan. Not only are his dogs fantastic, but this guy is a legend. I got the Chili Cheese Burrito deep fried, which was out of this world. I plan to try everything he makes.... Over and over. Thanks Ed!! You rock!
