4	We had Gaylord cater our wedding reception.  The staff was friendly and helpful, though they were especially good with setup and tear down.   The food was above average for a catering.  In particular their stuffed Portobello Mushroom was quite nice. We also got some relatively healthy and tasty potato and vegetable dishes.   They were also priced quite reasonably for what we got.A good experience all around with no major negatives.  I would consider Gaylord for catering again.
3	I have been served Gaylord Catering food more times than I care to remember and have always been disappointed.  Twice I became ill.   I am not exaggerating.   When Gaylord's shows up somewhere I get the coffee and a roll.From my experience the dishes are always of the lowest quality.   Note that everything looks ok but often the hot dishes are not hot. This is not criticism of the staff.  Just the quality of the food is always disappointing.update: I was contacted by Gaylord Catering regarding my review.  I think this shows that the owners care about the quality of their food and service and that they have much more sense that many other businesses out there that seem to ignore their negative reviews and cannot even update and maintain a decent website.  (a whole other topic)In response I want to better describe what I am referring to in my previous review.  Everything has always been neat and clean with Gaylord.  Their food has never had a bad or spoiled taste.  My illness has nothing to do with food poisoning or anything like that.  I have just felt nauseous for a while after eating their catered breakfasts.  I really think they need to change up their eggs, sausage and breakfast potatoes.  Everything looks ok but it never sits well with me for the next hour.I have eaten some lunches that have been ok and I never became ill after eating a Gaylord's catered lunch.As I briefly mentioned in my previous review the staff is at no fault.  In fact, Gaylord has always been on time, the staff is neat and professional and everything is presented nicely.Anyone who is selecting a catering service should taste test a complete meal that is being served before ordering the service.   I have experienced some real nightmares at weddings, funerals and family reunions. Gaylord Catering has never presented a dish like some of the bad dishes I have been served over the years by other catering services.  I have been served raw meat in Milwaukee, spoiled fish in Waukesha, cold and two hour late food in southern Wisconsin, over salted meatballs in West Allis, tv dinner style food in Montana, seriously low quality seafood in Oregon, completely cold food in West Virginia and a 6 dollar meal for the cost of 20 in Madison,  Complaining about disappointing food at a catered meal is bad manners in my book so I just pass the poor servings and eat what I can.  But on Yelp I can express what my real experience was and I try my best to be as constructive and fair as possible.
5	I highly recommend Gaylord's--they are professional, honest, and the prices are very reasonable.  I'm an odd bride in that I didn't want a "real" wedding because things are so stressful.  We came across many pushy, not reputable vendors who wanted to take advantage of the fact that we were new to planning a wedding.  If you take the time to read the website, Gaylord's is very upfront about all pricing, and they will work with youto accomodate guests with food allergies, etc.Like other reviewers, I highly recommend the stuffed portabella mushroom as a veggie option.  We also had the chicken breast with the marsala or pesto sauce, and guests said that they were delicious.  You also can't go wrong with the yukon gold mashed potatoes either.  The bacon-wrapped chesnuts are divine.  When Gaylord's first prepared samples for my fiance and me, the portabella mushroom was the best I ever tasted in my life.  It wasn't quite as good at the tasting event, but that only make me like Gaylord's more--they want you to know how food will taste when it comes straight from the oven vs. when it's brought into your venue.  These folks can cook, but food tastes different when it's brought into the venue.  This is natural and understandable.  The food at the actual wedding was better than at the tasting event. Connie was a star at organizing and keeping in touch with us--give that manager a raise!  David, the owner, is also the chef; this makes a huge difference.  We met him at the tasting, and I liked him very much.  The staff is friendly and professional; I hope they won't be offended if I say that they're a bit like family members who want to feed you.Thank you Gaylords.  I will recommend you to other folks who have catering needs.All the best, Tanya and Hutch
5	They really knocked our food service out of the park. It was truly the most amazing food I've ever had at a wedding and being that it was my own, I was adamant about the quality being key. I don't want to diminish the fact that if I were at a restaurant and ate this food I would be extremely satisfied. I still keep receiving unprompted feedback stating that this was the best food my guests have EVER had at a wedding. Thanks for making my day so great and my guests' palates satiated!
