4	I love this AX (if this is the one on the strip)!!! The staff is very helpful, they are fun and I personally think its awesome that the have a DJ in there sometimes! me and my cousins and friends were dancing with they guys in the store...they had a little sale on their logo tees!!! We all bought either some shades, dresses or a shirt....Gotta love AX!!!!
3	I used to like Armani Exchange a lot more than I do these days. I think I might just be getting old though... :-/ I still can't really resist going into the store though because there often still seems to be something worth buying... ;) I found this particular AE a bit more cluttered and claustrophobic than others. It seemed like a lot of merchandise was on sale though so maybe that was the (good) reason for the clutter? We did manage to find some nice underwear on sale in the end and the employees were all super helpful :) Maybe this store just needs a little less merchandise since it's fairly small...?
5	I got such great customer service in here.  They had a couple sales going on, and they didn't have any boxer briefs in black and a size medium (just the way i like it!) so they literally had 3 people go on the floor and into the back to check for me.Well that didn't have it. But all the employees i talked to were really friendly and helpful. They gave me some free gear as well (AX drawstring backpack) so that's another plus.I wish the one back at home at Valley Fair was this nice!
4	I like this Armani Exchange mainly due to the omni present large selection of sale items.   Usually I only buy the more plain dressy shirts from AX since I can wear them from season to season and they can go from business casual to a casual night out look.  The guy who helped me was very helpful without constantly being behind my back so I guess this place a 4-star rating.  I feel like it's not a stellar 5-star store but rather someplace for me to buy a modern cut shirt that's not from Express.
3	Super crowded New Years crowd!  In the massive Forum Shops, a store I browse frequently but don't buy much due to my pet peeve of having a big AX label on whatever I buy there.  However I seem to have good luck with jackets---found a casual dinner jacket with felt lining on the front and sparkly blue threads....perfect for going out on New Years!   Little upset that they didn't want to hold it for us before we went out, and told us the sale was going to end but it didn't.   They should get their deals and stories straight.
5	After searching other boutiques at the Forum Shops, I happened upon Armani Exchange while looking for a dress to wear to a club that evening...because ya know that even though I had a suitcase full of dresses, I needed something new and authentically Vegas ;) A|X had a few options to consider, and one that was just perfect, and ON SALE!...leaving me with more cash to spend on other things besides expanding my wardrobe :)The guy that helped me was great...he made sure my dressing room curtain was closed entirely (thank you), checked back, wasn't pushy, etc. My recommendation: if you're in Vegas looking for an outfit in a pinch, try Armani Exchange first! I think you'll be happy you did.
5	i'm not a fan of customer service, i like to shop without being bothered, but these dudes were on it. pointed out sales, good deals and helped with sizes. very good service.
