4	I have been training here when it was TapouT Training Center. I currently take Muay Thai with Kru Sean and Boxing with Coach Dayel. I've taken Brazilian Jiu Jitsu once with black belt holder Sonny Nohara. I've been doing Muay Thai for a few years and boxing for about a year. The MT with Kru Sean is good for all levels. He breaks things down and works for you if your form is not correct. Coach Dayel is a awesome instructor. He gets your cardio going and also ensures that you are using proper form.My son also comes to this gym. Coach Kevin "The Monster" Randleman is really good with coaching the kids wrestling team. He is fairly new and as soon as wrestling season comes around, I can give a better review about him.Come on out and give them try! You will be happy and feeling good that you did!The website is still under constructions but you can go to their Facebook account and see whats going on at the gym.https://www.facebook.com/houseofryulv
5	This place and it's staff are the best. After having checked out more than a few other gyms, this is the one that I stuck with. I go the few extra miles every morning because I like it so much and in the 2 short months I've been going, I've lost weight and feel so much better. If you're looking for a spot, get off your fat a** and GO THERE! :)
4	The House, or TapouT R&D as formerly known for so long, is not the same super-gym that it once was. Know this before heading in and you should have no qualms adjusting to the new space. If you pull up into the parking lot, and think it is completely closed: look to suite 110, where it is now currently located. On a personal level, I have a relatively long history with the gym. Once upon a time I assisted with the kids programme. (It was the best in the state, according to competition record of those years.) Along the way, I trained a bit (even got to get the shit beat out of me by Vinny Mag here), and even fell into the unwanted role of instructing my very own class. That was all a long time ago, and none of this matters to anyone but those kids who would remember me, as I walk into House of RYU for perhaps the very last time, one sunny, December afternoon. David, who is the manager of sorts (or some similar capacity) here, is benevolent enough to allow my NoGI Grappling team to utilise his space so that we could enjoy one final practice with our beloved coach leader who is setting off for better pastures (and a higher taxing state). David, a stand-up guy; stand-up in the sense of upstanding, not that he is pugilist (although he might be, for all I know), gives us the time and respect that others would not (Fuck you Bishop Gorman).  The House still has all of the components necessary to be a useful space for training: nice mats, a locker room, shower (most necessary), et al. They appear to be free from the vast political bullshit inherent with the fight culture and seemed laid-back and cool to me in the days leading to the new year. - E
