2	Really try to like this place cause we live right by it. They mess up orders and when i called to let them know, was told to call back later when a manager was there. Apparently he was out on a delivery!?  Why he left two teens to run the store is beyond!
3	i have to say ive never had their pizza...but they have really really good subs and wedgies, both baked and usually delicious. im giving this place 3 stars b/c i have tried delivery from this place several times and it has always been a horrible experience. the first time the order was wrong and who ever the manager on duty was told me to bring my food back..and i said give me a break, basically we got into a shouting match for them not doing their job right. second time order was slightly wrong and i vowed never to eat ther again. third time, i know i shouldnt have ordered a third time, the food was good but not piping hot. the delivery took an hour and half. when the delivery driver got here she didnt have change and asked could she bring it back. this obviously set me over the edge. i will give the gal credit though b/c she came back with the change. all in all these three experiences have made me never want to order delivery again. next time ill just go to subway, its not as good but its not near as much hassel. hope this helps.
3	The Fox creeped into my mail box and left me a coupon for a free medium pizza on my birthday, so I payed a visit.  I also got some wings, I posted pictures of each.  The pizza is a thin crust, not cripsy, but the crust was good.  Not tough like cardboard.  The wings were meaty, and the sauce tasted good.  I like my wings a little crispy though, being from western NY.  These wings may have been oven baked.  Although healthier, the skin was too slippery/slimy, and I like a fried wing or if oven baked, a dry rub is needed and they should be grilled to offer them some crisp.  I am a snob when it comes to pizza and wings, so I am very picky.  That is the only reason this gets a 3 star.
