5	I started going to Josh Blank right before I moved from Las Vegas. He gave me the most incredible haircut ever. Every time i'm in Vegas I make an appointment with Josh. My hair was a little messed up from my cut at a salon in San Francisco and he totally hooked it up. He once again gave me one of my best cuts ever.Oh! And one of the most important things! The hair wash / scalp massage! You literally feel like you are having an orgasm while they wash your hair. I was talking to the chick who was washing my hair and I totally lost track of what I was talking about, she was like, it's okay, you don't have to talk. For guys, he gives a wash before and after and he also gives the what he calls "the two week old haircut". It's called this because when a guy gets a cut it usually looks good two weeks later, so he just gives them a cut of what it would look like two weeks later.
5	So if there is ever anybody you'd need a clone of, it would be your hair stylists so that they can be there at your home and just do your hair all the time. That is what i'd love, is to just have a clone of Josh in my house at all times :)I'd like to take this time to post a few pics of the cuts i've gotten from hime over the years, ENJOY! And please, do go to him, he knows whassup.
5	I love Sola Salon! I go to Tammy at the Grotto Salon. She does a great job and I have been going to her since I moved her three years ago. The latest time I went for an ombre look with red and blonde. Although my hair wasn't able to go very blonde because my hair is so dark we were able to lighten in a lot and I love love love it! I'm glad I wasn't able to go blonde because I love how the ends turned out. She also styled and curled it so I was ready to go out to dinner that night! I recommend the Grotto at Sola Salons to anyone who needs a haircut, up-do or dye job. Tammy is awesome! :)
5	Why doesn't Gina Atkinson have a review on here yet?! If you don't know her.. Google her, Instagram her, and Facebook her. You won't be disappointed when you look at her work. She's the master of ombre and the fairy godmother if you're trying to go blonde.She's located in Studio 5. Go on her website to get her contact number to set up an appointment. She travels a lot and has a large client base so you'll need to set something up in order to see her. Her salon is fairly small and she shares it with someone else, but it doesn't take away from the amazing service she'll provide you.I've been wanting to go blonde for the longest time, but I was ALWAYS scared. She made it happen. I've had bad experiences when it comes to thinning my hair out. I've got thick Filipino hair and she was able to do magic in a matter of minutes. I'm definitely coming back to her. I actually have an appointment set up to get some extra highlights in.
5	Sydney D is the best! Her salon is towards the back. Go to her website and book an appointment with her. She takes walk ins also. She absolutely fixed my botched blond hair from a different salon. Shes fantastic at color and her prices are super fair!! http://sydneyd.com
5	Brooke is amazing!!! Went to lighten my hair in the summer and back to dark this winter. She gave me exactly what I wanted. I have lots of thick Asian hair, and she tamed my mane perfectly even cleaned up my mid length bob. She's not only a hair whisperer, but she's super sweet and has great customer service! I highly recommend her. Visit her at Primp Hair Studio in Sola Salon.
5	I went to Brooke for my balayage hairdo! And boy is she awesome! I had gotten her number from a good friend of mine, so I had already trusted her - my friend would not recommend someone to me if they weren't worthy haha I hadn't gotten my hair done by a "professional" in awhile so I was a little nervous. I texted her introducing myself and showed her pictures of what I wanted. She immediately texted me back and was super duper friendly. I immediately made an appointment and was super stoked.The night before my appointment, she texted me to make sure we were still on and to confirm what time and where she was located. I had some last minute questions and she was once again super friendly in answering anything I was curious about. When I arrived that day, she introduced herself and walked me to her cute little studio within the salon. She made sure we went over what I wanted just to make sure one last time we were on the same page. After the first set of balayage highlights, I thought my hair wasn't as light I thought it would be. She immediately asked me what she could do to make me 100% happy with my hair. I told her lighter would be better so that's what she did and my hair cane out so great! I have been getting lots of compliments and would definitely come back again!! It took a total of four hours or so for everything to be done but the time went by so fast! Brooke is adorable and you will chit chat away so the time passes quickly. You will have a lot of fun while doing your hair because she makes the atmosphere like so.I found my hair girl :)
