2	Love the apartment, love the location.  The front office, with one exception, is awful.  The manager, Cynthia, is pleasant and professional.  Her staffer, Julia, is one of the worst workers in any role I've come across.  Late every day, doesn't respond to messages and 3 hr lunches daily are a few examples.  Fire this girl and start over.  How do you run a leasing office without a staffer there?!
1	While the apartments are alright, they're certainly not worth the price. Maintenance takes an absurdly long time and the security is a joke. I had someone throw a rock through my car window and steal everything when I was parked in my designated covered spot. Apparently one of my neighbors reported it to management early in the morning but they didn't bother to let me know so I didn't find out until later in the evening when I was leaving for work. This place is unsafe and has some unsavory characters.
1	New management took over the property from Utah.  Since then, they've been renting to anybody.  Now we have metro coming through the complex almost nightly, the office staff are retarded beyond belief when you try to request maintenance in your unit (changing lights in our kitchen took them a week to get to, even though their maintenance guys hang out in the back of the property for most of the day in one of the garages, from what I saw, looking like they might be doing drugs.  The worst part of the new management, is that any existing renters like myself that came up for renewal, were told "We want you to move out, that's why we're raising your rent."  We've been at this property since 2009 and have never been late on rent, our unit is well taken care of and we rarely ask the office for anything, and this is how we're treated now.  We re-signed our lease only for 6 months, then moving out of here.  Their promotions are not worth the eventually misery, headache inducing bullshit they'll eventually put you through as well.  Oh yea, they're justifying their rent increase because of "renovation" which I was told is all black generic appliances, fake wood flooring on floor units, ghetto marble counter tops (also fake) and new paint inside and outside.  Stay away, you've been warned.
