4	Wow. Great food . The chicken tikka masala is the best and the saag paneer is awesome too. Best Indo-Pak restaurant in the Phoenix area and Arizona hands down. They also have a location in Tempe .
4	Great food. Eat here a lot. Better than most indian places Ive tried. The vegetarian dishes are tasty. Havent really ordered a lot of meat dishes since I enjoy the veggie ones so much.Have had them screw up pickup orders so i prefer to eat there.
5	I go here all most every weekend for the weekend lunch buffet. So much good Food and they are cooked so well. I love the Beef Paya (a dish that tacks like 20 hours to cook) and the Bryan is very yummy. they also got a good collection of salads and veg dishes.
2	Let' s get one thing straight, this is not Indian food. It's Pakastani food. They threw out the word "Indian" to attract more customers however the food is very traditional Pakastani. I didn't think the food was good at all. There are better Pakastani restaurants like Tandoori Times and Tandoori Village.  The only reason this place is still in business is because it is one of the first "Indian"-Pakastani restaurants in the valley and so clueless Phoenicians had no idea what Indian food back then. If this place opened now, it would go out of business with all of the new and better restaurants in the valley.The restaurant is clearly not for vegetarians and that is no suprise since it is a Pakastani restaurants and Pakastanis are not vegetarians unlike many Indians.  They specialize in the chicken and lamb dishes and much of their food is cooked on the bone in a traditional set up. There isn't much flare or professional chef-like appeal tot he food.  It has a very homestyle Pakastanie cuisine. As a result the food is not that spicy and doesn't pack a lot of heat but it does have flavor. Again, I'm biased because I'm not Pakastani and I prefer Indian food which is spicier and richer (greasier). However, if you are Pakastani, I think you wil enjoy this restaurant as it does have a very authentic Pak style cuisine.
4	Situated right beside the awesome Cornish Pasty Co., at first glance this place comes across as a curio shop. There are show windows decorated with Islamic art pieces and carpets. This restaurant scores points on the ambiance. Unlike other dingy South Asian places that I've been to, this one has a sealed-out kitchen to keep their customers from a smelly experience. Since the menu is predominantly Pakistani and Mughlai it is best for vegetarians to skip this place unless of course they are happy with a couple of paneer dishes, Indian breads and appetizers. It is also useful to be aware of the slow cooking that goes into Mughlai food that makes it flavourful in a different way. People who visit this place expecting a mish-mash of spicy curries might be disappointed. When we went there we found that a young fellow was managing the show. We went ahead with the lassi, palak paneer, naan, sindhi chicken biryani and the lamb curry. Satisfied with the first three courses we wanted to round up our dinner with phirni. The young fellow (presumably the owner's son) wanted to pass off kheer as phirni but since we knew the difference we cancelled the order. Overall it was a good experience and we'll be going back for more.
4	I love this place. It's great Pakistani food near my house. The chicken boti is really good and the naan is acceptable. Last night a few of my party said things were too spicy so if that's not your bag, have them knock down the spice a little for you. The service was great. We had a group of 6 and the man was accommodating and friendly. We had drinks all evening and he brought us food when it was ready. It was quick and tasty. If memory serves, they do not have alcohol but you may bring your own wine to share at your table (we've done that several times here).
3	Just been there once, but their Chicken with mint, cilantro, garlic and ginger is AWESOME!!! I would like to try something else next time!
4	If you want spicy, this is where you need to be! The food was excellent, service was also very good. I had the Shrimp Balti with rice, and the chicken with mint sauce. Just all around yummy- and I will be back to try more things!  I was fine with the spice level, but if you aren't a fan of spice then even the milder dishes might be too much.
2	The food is fairly good.  That's why it's such a shame that the service sucks!  Every time I have gone there, they take forever to bring you water, take your order, bring out food, everything - even when you are the only people in the entire place.  They are always unfriendly.  Out order has been incorrect on a couple occasions.  I really wish they had better service.  I just won't go there anymore because of that.
4	I like Copper Kettle in Tempe, so it was fun to get together with Norm R., & Mike C. today to give Copper Kettle Mesa a try.  It's larger inside, & much fancier than the other one... very nice!There were about 20 main food items, which is adequate for this place, & everything was delicious.  The food here is Pakistani, similar to Indian, but perhaps with more meat dishes & tending toward the spicy...  especially the diced veggies for the salad.  LOOK OUT!!  They vary the menu somewhat from day to day, so rather than try to itemize, I'll just say that I think it'll be real good on the day when YOU come, too!  With all this wonderfulness, though, you get Grumpy Uncle.  Eek!  Minus 1-Star.Lunch Buffet $8.50    :-))
4	Bring a fire extinguisher! Well, not really, but you do have to be a tad careful about the capsaicin level of some of the dishes here, they're pretty high on the Scoville scale. Rand H., Mike C. and I tried the buffet here today and I must say I'm a fan! (that's what 4 stars is supposed to mean, right?) The dishes are truly tasty with varying degrees of heat, from extremely mild to thermonuclear. My suggestion is, get a tiny sample of each, try them all in small bites at first, and on your next trips to the buffet trays, indulge in those dishes whose heat level you like. I found pretty much all dishes - meat, veggies and legumes - to be good. The tamarind chutney was a bit watery, and they didn't have mint-cilantro chutney, which is my preferred condiment for taming the heat of this kind of cuisine. I'm glad I managed to have room for dessert, because their rice pudding was heavenly.
4	Yay I am a fan. Norm R. Rand H.went out to Mesa to try this Pakistani buffet.Well the place was well decorated and not to big. The buffet is your average east indian size about 20 items. 19  were very good and one set my mouth on fire. The meat dishes were very tasty I really liked the chicken tika witch is almost the same as tandoori chicken with a bit more of a barbecue taste.The veggies were all very good and prepared a little different then what i am use to. I gave this place 4 stars on the food i am a fan and would look forward to a trip back there the service only rates 2 stars though. So if you like east indian food you will enjoy the copper kettle
3	Not a bad place for Indian food, but it's definitely not my first choice.I felt the food relied a bit too much on salt. Other diners complained of spiciness - I think it's more saltiness that comes across as spicy. I just knew food was salty when I ended up guzzling down a fair bit of water when I got home...and my fingers swelled so much I wondered if they used MSG.Service was excellent - most attentive and extremely friendly. Sadly, I won't be coming back because of the overkill on salt.
5	Every dish I have ever had here has been amazing.  Fragrant, spicy, full of flavor.  As stated before, the service is excellent.  I've tried about 10 dishes here and every time I thought to myself, "god damn this is good!".  They are also very knowledgeable about their food and their ingredients and can customize dishes to your dietary restrictions and/or guide you to a more appropriate dish.Please be aware that they only serve their full ala carte menu at night, during the day was buffet only and the last time we went they only had 2 dishes which were dairy-free, so we had to bounce, which was super disappointing because I was fiending their food.Do yourself a favor, if you're a fan of lemonade, and try theirs, it's amazing.
2	The other night my girlfriends and I were starving after a book and author event that we attended at Dobson High School.  Craving Indian food, we stopped into Copper Kettle which is located in the closest shopping center to the school.  It's not often that I feel invisible, but the poor service we received here made me feel that way.  There were only two other occupied tables when we walked in, and the wait staff made me feel like I was intruding on something important.  They were all standing around a table and I had to actually make eye contact to get the head nod directing us to our seats.  After asking for water three times, we finally got it WITH our entrees (not to mention that you can't order a Kingfisher to wash your meal down because they don't sell alcoholic beverages).  Yes, they ignored all of our requests for something to drink until they could bring it with our food.  The food was actually fine.  We ordered three vegetarian dishes - the lentils, vegetable curry and a cauliflower dish.  The spice level was right but the portions were pretty small.  And, they charge for rice.   That's one of my biggest pet peeves.  Has the price of basmati rice gone up so much that you have to make me feel silly for asking if it's included?  I love Indian/Pakistani food, but the poor service here was more memorable than my stomach's happiness so I don't think I'll be returning if I find myself in the area again.
2	I've eaten here several times and I think the food tastes very good. The buffet is the only way to go here because the meals are overpriced and  portions are small,  Now the service is horrible, inattentive at best , I don't feel welcomed and the servers I have had were flippant and the last time argued with us regarding the tea, we were served tea that was old but he insisted it was fine. Kinda aggravating. So if you are just looking for some good indian buffet, with out service not a bad place.
4	I feel that I'm cursed with the fact that I'm a small girl who has a boyfriend with a large appetite. He always wants to go to buffets and I always feel like it's a waste because I usually can barely finish off one plate.We came into Kopper Kettle since it's right next to one of our other favorite restaurants. The service was extraordinary. The manager/owner asked us if we had ever eaten there before. We told him it was our first time and I had eaten indian food before but he was new to it. He then took us around the buffet and explained each dish to us, what was in it...the level of spicy...and what it goes best with. It was the nicest thing ever because my biggest fear in restaurants is mystery meat since I can't eat pork or shellfish. The owners wife was our waitress and she kept our drinks filled and was constantly asking if everything was good or not. Which by the way IT WAS. I've had a lot of indian food but their buffet really took the cake. It was wonderful. At the end of our meal we were surprised however, because the total for two buffet dinners was almost forty bucks! The food and service were amazing but forty bucks seemed a little steep to me. Maybe if I was a normal American who could wolf down four plates and then go back for dessert it would be worth it...but whenever I go to buffets I feel sort of ripped off since I can't take anything home and I barely eat.  Overall~Food: AmazingService: AmazingAtmosphere: AmazingPrice: Disappointing
4	I am not an expert on Indo-Pakistani-etc food, so you can take my review with a grain of... spice.THE FOODI've been here twice so far and would like to think that my delicate taste buds are getting accustomed to the spiciness. I have not tried the buffet, just the table service. The portions are reasonably sized and food comes out quickly. The mango lassi is a must if you are a weakling like me for just about any of the dishes. If you are truly weak, asking for "mild" might still be too much for you, but then you probably should've tried Arby's instead. I tried Tandoori Chicken Tikka the last time I was here.SETTINGEvery time I was here, the number of guests was pretty low and I had a choice of booth or tables. The spacing is reasonable, the lights are just right and there are no funky smells coming from the kitchen, so I would say the place is exactly what you'd expect for the price.SERVICEAttentive and not overwhelming. Even towards the end of the night when the waiter obviously didn't want to wait any more, everything was served swiftly and water refilled just in time.OVERALLI will definitely come back, the mango lassi has my heart. I wish the prices were a bit lower, but there are no surprises in what you get for your money.
4	In the mood for Indo-Pakistani food?Come here on a weekend and you will not be disappointed.Each and every time my daughters attend a weekend birthday party, my wife is the one that takes them.  Where does daddy go?  I go to Copper Kettle for a lunch buffet.I am very fond of the seemingly endless combinations of flavors and textures Indo-Paki food presents.  I am no stranger to spicy food.  I love it and it loves me.  Whenever I get a chance to go to Copper Kettle, I am in my "happy place".Let's say you are a first-timer.. All you need to do is tell the server and he/she will take you on a tour of the buffet tables and give you an impromptu education on the cuisine.  I know this because a few years ago, my wife felt very inquisitive and asked about the dishes they were offering.  She found the waiter to be very helpful.The best way to can "break the ice", experience and learn about another culture is to eat their food.  Give this place a try.  You'll be glad you did.
4	I know this place a little too well. Hmm lets see, most Indian ocassions I attend get their food catered by Copper Ketle. So, over the course of a couple of years, I've eaten this food over 30-40 times. That's a lot.The naan and chicken is good. This is the staple of good Indian food. If you can't do good naan and tandoori chicken, you fail as an Indian restaurant. They also have pretty good qorma, tikka, etc. Biryani is hit or miss, its never terrible, but its never 5-star. If you eat the food at a catered event it is very hit or miss, sometimes the meat in the qorma is just BAD. Either its too fatty, or too boney, or not enough meat. At the restaurant its a much different experience.The only other issue that keeps this from getting 5-stars is the cleanliness. I hate to bring this up, but there are rumors that the restaurant shut down due to food inspection (and they only catered until the restaurant reopened). i'm not picky about cleanliness, as long as i don't find out about it i don't care, but this is somewhat troublesome.
3	It's been over a year since I reviewed this nice Pakistani buffet, so it seemed time to come give Grumpy Uncle & his nice restaurant another try.  Also, since my last visit, his sister's place, which would be Surly Auntie's Copper Kettle in Tempe, has closed.  That's too bad, as I really liked the cozy little place, & it was closer to home for me.Ok, so Jeromy H. joined me for this outing, & the upside for me in dining here today was that this Copper Kettle continues to offer a nicely decorated, clean dining room featuring somewhat unusual South Asian buffet foods, including beef, which of course you wouldn't see at an Indian buffet.  Also, the low price of $8.50 remains the same as it was before.On the negative side, the rice & the Tandoori Chicken were both a little blah, & there were empty, unused trays at the serving table.  This is not ok, & Uncle should have at least put out a few slices of Bell Pepper or whatever in the otherwise unused trays.  You don't just leave them sitting there empty.This is still an "OK" place, & a regular menu is offered, but no alcohol, in keeping with Islam.
3	Rand H. and I went here for lunch and the food was good and the place was nice. It was early 11:00AM so we had the place to ourselves. But I wasn't over joyed by it. If you want this kind of food it's one of the few places like it in the valley.The owner was there greeting and serving the drinks. But there were two or three empty trays. I did as Norm R. suggested and sampled everything I thought I might like and went back for full servings of what I liked. I gave it three stars.
4	"Exotic warm spicey radiantly delicious, everything I tasted got better and better" says my wife. We had the chicken tikka masala, the matar paneer, pea pulao (basmati rice) and a garlic & cilantro nan. The portions were generous. We haven't had much Indian (or Pakistani) food before, but just the past week we had some while visiting Sedona, and it's very interesting to see the different styles of preparation.  The masala at Copper Kettle was thicker and I don't think the sauce was spiced as much (as the place in Sedona), the chicken in the masala on the other hand was spiced beautifully (fairly hot).  There was a buffet available (at dinner), but we opted for fresh preparation, and although we waited a little bit for our food, it was worth it.. The staff was very friendly and assisted us with our selection.  We look forward to our next visit!
1	Is it possible to have two horrible experiences in one weekend? Damn. Fuck my life. It is.I have family in town, so naturally, everyone wants to go to the most ethnic place possible. We go to the Copper Kettle in Mesa. I'd been here before and my experience wasn't bad. I liked it. This time around though, I felt like I wanted to kill myself.We walked in, it was busy. Great. Good sign, that must mean that people like the place. I noticed there was a buffet in the back. All the food looked fucking miserable. Of course it did. It's a buffet. What self-respecting person would eat ethnic food at a buffet?In any case, we are seated. 15 minutes later, we get 3 menus. 5 people at the table. 9 minutes after that, we all get plastic coke classes of ice water (I shouldve been conservative on this 98 degree day, because this was the only water I got-- no refill). We ordered our food, and it was fucking useless. The chicken was undercooked. My mom ordered the beef chapli kabob, which came out to the table sizzling....seemingly great, only to make EVERYONE in the restaurant cough, and give us dirty looks.My poor aunt had specially requested no chilis in her dish, and of course, her dish had EXTRA chili. My aunt requested all of this in Hindi and Urdu....native languages to these people. What the shit is wrong here?After we got our food, no one came back to check up on us. On this hot spring day, we never got refills on our waters. I guess now I know what it's like to be welcomed to the desert. Thanks a lot Copper Kettle. Also, with the undercooked chicken, my family and I are probably going to get sick from salmonella. Kidding. But seriously.I am Indian and my Dad was born in Pakistan. I can judge this food and service. I can't come back here. This place is a joke. Getting a server was like what I imagine it's like to hail a cab in New York City. They see you. They know you ask for their help. They know you are a paying customer, but don't really care about you and go on with their day.Bottom line....No respectable Indian or Pakistani should/would eat here. Or Human for that matter.Never coming back.There has got to be a better place in town...
3	In Scottsdale for vacation used Yelp and Zabihah.com to find some halal eats. Came across this place and said "why not"? When we got there the place was empty. It was a sunday night around 8 so figured there might be one or two people but it was bone dry. Ordered food as we were so hungry. Nice wait staff, very helpful. I ordered the tandoori mixed grill and the wife and little princess wanted to have paya. I thought the tandoori mixed grill was ok. Some of it was dry but there were two delectable morsels of chicken covered in some sort of yogurt sauce that were amazing. Both ladies loved the paya. On the way home I developed some gatrointestinal issues. Man, it hurt. Could it  have been from the food I just ate? Not sure but it was tough driving back to Scottsdale as there were some tense issues. I have a sensitive stomach so no doubt some of it was my own issues. Ladies didn't have any discomfort. We returned the next day for the lunch buffet. Nothing fancy and nothing amazing, just your average fare. I wish they could have had more meat in the buffet. Overall, not a bad place but nothing amazing. When we came in for the buffet it was also empty but then two more families showed up as well. We may go back if we are in the area again.
1	this should be  -5starsfood was terrible to put it midly. biryani was stale and dry. the rice must have been on the heater since morning tasted bad and rice as bone dry and hard.pakoda was a joke was not properly fried and tasted of batter.jamoon tasted of oil after first bite. chicken tikka was sweet. the only eatable dish was naan and ginger chicken. they charged 11.5 for buffer wasnt worth even 2 dollars. please look else where for good food.for good biryani try sabri nehri on devon in chicago
4	The food was great! I loved goat and lamb curry ( I forgot the name of the food).The price was quite high for lunch buffet that open till 3pm (its about $12). Its the same price if you go to Pasific Buffet but you can get more choices ..lol.The only thing that less interesting was the service. The guy who working as a cashier served us that time. He didn't smile, didn't answer everytime we said thank you (I mean, you should be polite to customer, at least, right?!), and he didn't care about our water drink until we asked for it. Even with those experienced, I like to give 4 stars just because the food was very very yummy! Delicioso!!!I would like to go back (but might be in different time.lol..who knows, I might get another waiter that more friendly than that man..lol )
5	A very, very nice Pakistani buffet.  Every single thing we had was delicious and seemed very fresh.  The service was perfunctory (it's a buffet) but friendly.  And quite a bargain at $11.50 per person.  Highly recommended.
5	Awesome food, fair prices, great service, very authentic...they are great for kids and will modify the spice to your taste.
5	01/2012 moved to sw alma school & warner (s end of shopping center)
4	It's been many years since I've been to Copper Kettle and I really loved eating here.  It  used to be a favorite place of my ex-husband's and mine.  However, when they moved to Alma School/Warner, I had ever intention of going, and was looking forward to going in the fall, however, I saw that they were closed.Glad to hear they have another location, but near ASU is a bit far, so don't know when we will try this new location.  I remember their food being so good and the beef just melted in your mouth.  Loved the Lamb Briyani.  That is one of my favorite dishes.  Anyway, the buffet wasn't too bad before, but dinners can be pricey and I remember sometimes the wait was a long time.  Said was really nice, but he's probably not there anymore.  Most of the people that worked there weren't too friendly, except for t-2 college students that worked there.  Anyway, miss their food.
