4	This is the watering hole closest to my humble abode, so I may be a little biased, but I love this place. It's exactly what I would picture when given the phrase "hole in the wall bar", and that's what I'm looking for when I just want to relax and unwind or even pregame.The bartender/server/foodrunner/barback that basically runs the place (I seriously don't know what the owners would do without her) is so nice and a very cool person to interact/chat with. The food, while not as extremely diversified as it could be, is always prepared when you order it and comes out hot and delicious. They have a cool side patio to smoke on. The bar also falls right on the Orbit route so it's just a quick lift back home or to a different location.
3	Ive only been here for lunch but this looks like the place where you can go and just get completely trashed out of your mind. The lunch was great and inexpensive. This HUGE burger and fries for like 4.99 or something close to it and I'm still here wondering the the hell people even go to McDonald's and eat that trash. I was also surprised to see actual bristle Dartboards at this place. If I lived near this place I wood definitely be a regular.
4	The wife and I stopped here for a bite and beer and was surprised. The steaks we ordered were huge and very tasty. Overall good beer selection and great service from Robin made foe a great evening.
5	Great bar. They have great food specials everyday. Sports bar with 10 TV's. Bartenders are the best in Tempe. 5 stars.
3	Steak and eggs special on Sundays which is great for early foot ball games.  Divey but friendly.  Old tvs but enough of them because its not very crowded.
4	I'm not much of a dive bar person. However, the place is rather interesting. It has that "old bar" feel where people come there to just relax.  Heck, you can even chat with the bartender - try that in Scottsdale! There was even a chick that was there at the bar reading a book. Talk about chill.Is this a place I'd go out of my way to attend? Is it a place I'd go if I lived close? I'd say so! Also to note... I was actually confused at the bill. three drinks and my bill was like $8. $8 for three drinks... which in comparison would probably barely buy me one drink in Scottsdale. With that said, if you plan on buying LESS than $10 in drinks/food... then you gotta pay CASH.
4	My kind of drinking place. Big ass bar. Lots of talkative friendly people. Mature acting students and a crowd beyond our college years all come together and have a great time. Food is good and prices reasonable. Food special M-F if you're drinking.  Bottled beers kept icy cold in a bed of ice.  Smoking patio in the shade. Plenty of parking. Great selection of artists on the jukebox.   They have a stage but I have yet to learn of live music or a karaoke night,  maybe soon.
4	Great spot. Good food, excellent service and good prices. Good people take this place over the top. If you like to sit and watch football Sundays it can get pricey, but you will have fun.
4	Nice local bar with the family feel. Had a fish & chips that was spot on and the price very reasonable. I will surely go back! Wnt back the day after which seemed to be dog dag (1$ for a dog). Gr8 place!
4	A bar & chill... pool, darts, sports, jukebox, and fantastic pizza of all things. I work close by and am always tempted to cruise in. Especially during work. The layout is pretty awesome, for some reason it just feels right. It is like the porridge that is not too hot or too cold. I brought a friend in, and some old dude from across the bar quickly reached out and bought her a drink. haha, thanks man.
4	Fun place! There for NFL game & regulars were friendly. Wings were good. Easy on prices. If it served Pepsi, it would be 5 stars. RC cola is okay though
5	Cowabunga Dudes:This palce Rocks. Best spicy bloody mary I have ever had (and I've had a few). My favoriite memory of this bar is when a fight broke out at the pool table, and the Robin (the bar maid) jumpped over the bar and beat both of the offenders. Ejecting them both from the Bah.  The wangs are not half bad too, $0.25 on Mondays, and Jude has very visualy pleasant set of breasts. Her sister's kinda cute too, not quite the boobies but curvey. WARNING: Watch out for for Mansuray she lurks on the corner stool, and will try to spice your beer. This is all true pilgrim, amen.
4	The service (by the wonderful Lauren) was great, and the drink choices were strong and cheap. $4 for a "Mad Lauren" which only took two for me to feel it the rest of the night is better than an $8 shot on Mill. The people were interesting, and the owner extremely nice! Yeah we stood out like sore thumbs because we were college kids, but no one even cared. How can you beat it? Chill atmosphere, good cheap drinks, and great tunes all night long. Pretty sure our next ladies night wel'll skip Mill and come here instead! And did I mention the best after hours bar pizza I've ever had? Yeah, there's that too!
5	Good owner, nice bartenders , cheap drinks And good food. Tons of tvs to watch the games. Relaxed and chill dive bar.
1	First of all, this is NOT a sports bar. Just because you have a couple Diamondbacks pint glasses does not qualify you as a sports bar (they had cops on). Came here looking to get a beer and some food when I was in town. Right when you walk into this dark grungy bar you are immediately hit with a rancid odor. Once I saw the "food" being served I decided I was going to just have a beer and head down the street to get food elsewhere. After having my beer I used the ATM in the bar to pull out some cash to pay because I didn't have any on me. I did so and as I was finishing my beer the bartender took my ATM receipt which was at the ATM (I didn't see that it spit it out) and instead of asking who it belonged to or just throwing it out she decided to read the balance in my checking account out loud to the entire bar. I couldn't believe it and still can't, what nerve? All and all the bar smelled awful, was filthy, and was not a sports bar in any way shape or form. I would recommend going to any of the other places in the area, especially if you are hungry. I left and went to Boulders on Broadway which is a block or two down the same street and had a delicious lunch, watched sportscenter on the TV and had about 40 beers to choose from instead the 4 or 5 Tailgate "Sports Bar" & "grill" had to offer. The only positive I could take away from this "sports bar" was the beer was cheap, though the glass it came in was filthy. Hope this is helpful : ) Also a tip for the "sports bar," put music on or something, it is weird sitting in a bar watching cops on mute with no music or sound.
4	Pretty chill relaxed bar. Although I have seen first hand what happens when you piss off the bartender Robin.(Wouldn't recommend it) Great wings for Monday night football. Good specials.
