5	We discovered this little gem of an Italian restaurant a few days before Christmas. Excellent pizzas, rapid service   great ambiance and definitely not too pricey! we will definitely return. This restaurant is worth noting and visiting!
5	This place is great, authentic home made pizza and its very cheap. If you eat in its two for one pizzas. Same price point as Double pizza but way way better. Go there.
1	Oh boy... where do I begin. I went here during the holidays last Dec under a friends opinion that Pizza Pinoli has to be one of the best local poutine places around vendome. Ok, so I took one of my friend on vacation from New York along the adventure with me to this place in one of the 'your suicidal if youre out on this cold' night. Freezing out only added in my to determination to get my hands on some great poutine. I walked in and the unfriendly staff could not have made my visit colder then the weather outside. When they took the order the people kept rushing as if we were unwelcome. We sat and waited only to get stale pizzas. And the poutine that I was looking so forward to could not even beat Burger King's 4.79 + tax. After seeing and tasting the food even I wanted to get out of the place as fast as the staff seemed like they wanted us out of there. The visit seemed like an average quick meal outside and not at all where students come chill out over fries and pizzas.Verdict: Even Im not going back myself :S
3	Decent NY style pizzas, only thing I like are there cheese pizzas (which is as it should be for NY style). A bit on the salty side, but I still come back for more.
3	Great Pizza! You got to try the Meat Lovers pizza! Delivery is fast, but the pizza wasn't delivered at an appropriate temperature! Delivery Lady was really nice! Price is AMAZING! i could not believe that for 40$ we got 2 very large pizzas that fed, 5 people with leftovers!
3	Got delivery of a pepperoni calzone and four cheese pizza. They were alright, though I think they would've certainly been better if eaten at the place and not after delivery time elapsed.It costs about $35, which compared to Atlas' deal of getting two larges for under $30, wasn't a great deal. Would probably go with Atlas again next time.
