5	WOW!! Dr. George Chambers is such an amazing doctor! He's one of the best doctors I've seen in my lifetime(and I've seen quite a few).  He has a wall with many awards and recognitions for his achievements(including Top Doctors in Las Vegas). He is VERY professional, intelligent, knowledgeable, experienced, respectful, kind, caring, gentle, and extremely thorough. He takes time with his patients, has great bedside manners, and goes above and beyond. Dr. Chambers was running a little behind & his nurse came in to apologize for that and said that he'll be in shortly. Come on, what doctor isn't behind?  When Dr. Chambers came in, he shook my and my hubby's hands, introduced himself, apologized for running behind, and even thanked us for our patience! He answered my questions and asked twice if we had any other questions. I'm so glad I switched OBGYN!  Dr. Chambers and his sweet staff made me feel so comfortable. I'm so blessed and grateful to have finally found such an incredible doctor for my OBGYN needs! After a few of my friends recommended Dr. Chambers, I read reviews on him, and they were all rated EXCELLENT! But, to experience Dr. Chambers' great, caring, quality care for myself, was definitely priceless. I HIGHLY recommend Dr. Chambers. He even thanked us for our business! Oh, the office is nice and clean and has very comfy chairs in the waiting room :-).
5	This was the best doctor's office visit I have ever experienced, hands down! What an incredible doctor.I live in LA and am in Vegas for a business trip. All girls out there know how awful it is to have a medical issue while you're not home, alone, and in a city you hardly know.  So, I did some research and Dr. Chambers' office got me in on the same day and worked around my work meetings to do so.I got a taxi out to the office (staying at Mandalay Bay) and from the get go they were so nice and helpful.  Dr. Chambers came in the room and made me feel at ease immediately.  I told him what was going on and how I was stressed about it because I am here  for business, and I leave on Sunday for another business trip to London. I don't have time to be feeling bad and needed some relief/get to the bottom of the issue ASAP.  He absolutely understood, calmed me, and did an extremely thorough exam, and covered every possibility so we could help me get better.After the exam, which he was so gentle and caring throughout, he let me wait in the waiting room well after his staff had gone home (late appointment in the day) so that I wouldn't have to wait out in the dark. The taxi took a while and he then offered to drive me back to Mandalay! He was fine working late, he had stuff to do, but he felt bad for me and offered to drive me back. What??? I have never in my life met such a kind/considerate soul.My taxi arrived and he walked me out since it was pitch black outside and I had no clue where I was going.  My gyno left LA and closed his doors after 10 years of my seeing him to move to Connecticut and I have to begin the search back at home.  I wish more than ever that Dr Chambers could be my doctor at home. I would go with him in a heartbeat. If you live in Las Vegas, then this is the doctor for you-no questions! I am downright jealous of all the women that live here and have access to such a great doctor.
5	He is a wonderful doctor went for an a appointment waited awhile but I was a add on into his busy schedule. The office staff and nurse was very nice. I normally wouldn't  pick a male doctor but he had great reviews and he held true to them.  He was very gentle and professional I highly recommend him.
5	Dr.Chambers is the best doctor I've ever had! He took really good care of me through my pregnancy and made sure that i would have a healthy baby.Everytime I went in for a check-up he always played good reggae music,told funny jokes,and we had good convos with my boyfriend! I had to have my labor induced and i was super scared because of all the horror stories but Dr.chambers made sure i had a minimal pain birth! My baby came out safely and when he came back to check up on me and my baby in the hospital he hung out for a while and even took some pictures with us! Finally a doctor who makes you feel like family. Thank you Doc!
5	Good Afternoon,   I am writing this review to tell others about what a spectacular experience I have had with Doctor Chambers and his staff. I have been to many doctors in the Las Vegas Valley and Doctor Chambers by far exceeded my expectations. From the first time that I was seen by him, I had a good feeling that the care of both myself and my unborn child were in good hands. I was referred to him by a dear friend, and I will forever be grateful for her recommendation. Dr. Chambers is not your typical type of doctor that has one hand on the door ready to leave the room when he comes in to see you. He takes the time to get to know you, which to me is extraordinary because most doctors just care about collecting the dues and seeing you out the door. Not Doctor Chambers. You can tell by his demeanor that he cares about his patients and wants to see to it that the patient thoroughly understands any procedures they may have to undergo or their current health condition.      I started seeing Doctor Chambers in my fourth month of pregnancy. Prior to seeing Doctor Chambers I was seeing another doctor who did not necessarily give me a warm fuzzy feeling. The first time that I went to Dr. Chamber's office and he performed an examination, I was informed that I had a herniated belly button. I had been to other doctors and not one of the other ones bothered to tell me that including the doctor who was seeing me during my first few months of pregnancy. That right there told me that Doctor Chambers was thorough. I tend to be a very meticulous person and detail is very important to me when I perform my own work duties, so to find a doctor who follows the same type of philosophy was a blessing to me. Throughout my pregnancy he made sure that I thoroughly understood the risks associated with attempting a vaginal delivery after having gone through a c-section in my prior delivery. The other doctor that I was seeing did not even bother to mention any of the risks or complications that could possibly arise. My husband went to my second appointment with me to meet Doctor Chambers and he had nothing but positive things to say. This was very comforting to me because my husband works for a hospital and for him to feel confident in a doctor's abilities provided me additional reassurance that this was the right doctor to be seeing.           Dr. Chambers was/is extremely professional and knowledgeable. Last week my son was delivered and I have to say that if I had to go through the c-section again I would, because it was such a pleasurable experience. Doctor Chambers, the anesthesiologist, and the L&D and MIU staffs were very caring and attentive, beyond my husbands and my expectation. I could hear him giving direction to the other individuals in the room and he was very specific in what they needed to do and how they needed to go about doing it. There were not to be any short-cuts in the surgery that was performed by him or his staff on his patient. He made sure that everyone did as they were supposed to. Throughout the procedure Doctor Chambers was taking my mind off of what was taking place and talking about various stories that had me laughing and engaged in conversation. He placed my mind at ease and made me feel comfortable. I love the fact that he is not only extremely knowledgeable about the medical field, but he is sincere and genuine when it comes to treating his patients as though they were family.          To those of you who have not quite made a decision on who you want to oversee your gynecological needs, I can assure you that you do not need to look any further than Doctor Chambers. Take a look at his wall when you go into the office and you can see for yourself that he has won the patient's choice award for many years. My mother-in-law has been seeing her doctor for many years and after having met Doctor Chambers when I had my son this past week, she looked at me and said that she is going to change over to him. That by far says a lot! He is an exceptional doctor who definitely deserves the ultimate recognition. I will never go to another doctor for my gynecological needs as long as Doctor Chambers is still practicing medicine here in Las Vegas. Tiffany Anne Choto
5	I've been to a lot of OBGYN's (all female too) for your normal routine and after going to Dr. Chambers, I could not believe how wonderful the experience was. I was extremely impressed with how gentle and thorough Dr. Chambers was. He really took his time during visit, and answered all my questions, even the ones I never thought of. Ease of making and getting in for an appointment were also very easy. I have to say, I think I found my go-to doctor!
5	It was my first American gynecological exam experience since I moved here from Europe. I went there for the preventive annual exam and pap smear test.I can warmly recommend Dr. Chambers as a very good professional! He was so polite, patient and knowledgable. He answered all my questions. The only thing that I didn't like about my 2 visits was that I had to wait more that 25 minutes to be let in, no matter I had appointments.
5	I recently moved to the area and was looking for a new ObGyn as I was overdue for my annual exam. The office was beautiful and clean. It was also in a very convenient location. Staff was friendly. The wait was a little long, but well worth it. Dr. Chambers was both professional and personable. He was thorough in collecting my medical history and my exam was quick and easy. I would definitely recommend him!
5	I'm currently 9 months pregnant with my first child. Dr. Chambers and his entire staff are so welcoming and proffesional. He always takes time to answer any questions I have thoroughly and without making me feel silly for asking silly questions.  I usually do have to wait for a while after my appointment time to get in, but for the experience it is totally worth it. I am so comfortable with this office and this doctor, that overall it has made the whole pregnancy experience so much more enjoyable. I recommend him to all of my friends!
5	my name is kidi and my husband's name is jared...... when I referred by my friend to gynecologist Dr.chambers first time,considering how personal it is,it's no wonder I fill curious or self conscious.when it's time to see a men gynecologist for my first pregnancy.I was thinking if Dr.chambers is the same kind of doctor like some of the doctors that I ever visted on my routine checkups or like some of the gynecological doctors treated my friends and have them bad experience.I asume it can also hold me back from asking Imortant questions or sharing information for the doctor needs to treat me. but it's only take us 10min to be comfortable and relaxed.right after we (me & my husband) notice how he takes his time to get to know us & starting to explain and answer our questions with plain and simple way from our calture stand point,which he is already aware of our conserns,we where amazed.as we obeserved from first day and by the days passed for him it is a privilege to be able to care for me or for any women. and to be part of the miracle of pregnancy and child birth.for him providing health care to women is about make them to trust in their bodies provide knowledge so we can make in formed decisions and help us to discover and understand how to get best care for our self. to help us understand what our individual definition of health is  and to be apartner in restoring and maintaining balance between the body,mind,enviroment & some times calture.this is beside his long time achievement by having many howard's from different authorities. he is truly the best !!!!
5	Dr. Chambers is the most amazing, diligent, thorough, kind, hospitable doctor I have ever been to in my life. He is hands on! He has incredible bedside manner. He is very by the book in every means. I am pregnant with my first child and he has made me feel at ease and calm about the whole birthing process. He is considerably the DR. HUXTABLE of our time!!!!! So yes he has a lot of patients and yes you may have to wait because he is individually taking specific care of every patients needs. I would recommend him a hundred times over and over. I genuinely love him as my doctor and the care he has provided me. I am so glad he will delivering my daughter any day now!!!
5	Wow, I wish I found Dr. Chambers before I just moving from Vegas. I've tried 3 or 4 different gyno's in the Valley and he's the one that absolutely stands out. The wait was a little long, but after speaking to him, I can see why it is long. It is worth it to know that he takes that equal amount of time with all his patients. I went in for a pap smear, and before even diving into the exam, he sat down with me to take all of my questions. He never seemed rushed and would answer all of my questions. He's the type of doctor that I would not be afraid of asking any questions about anything! There's just something very soothing about being in his office and under his care. Thank you for making my appointment pleasant!
5	This is my first pregnancy, and I'm so glad I found Dr. Chambers. Working for a doctor, you know how the system works especially here in Vegas. Finding an honest and genuine doctor who actually cares for your well being, and not just how many tests they can run and charge you with is a GEM. The minute Dr. Chambers is in the room with you, you feel at ease. Never ever rushes the appointment, and ALWAYS asks, not once, even twice if you have any questions before leaving the room. And yes the wait is long, especially if you have afternoon appointments, but once you've realized how thorough he is, you will understand. Always very gentle during procedures. I had a Pap smear and he always made sure I knew exactly what he was doing, even up to the point where he would let me know where his hands were during the procedure. Im 23 weeks now and  can't wait to have him deliver my child. My husband and I completely trust him, and if we are blessed with another child we will definitely choose him again.
4	Dr. Chambers is extremely professional. I am always nervous about Dr. visits but he took the time to answer questions and was very genuine about his approach. I felt at ease before the exam and left feeling pretty happy and satisfied about the entire experience. He took the time to develop a trustworthy relationship with me even though it was my first visit! The only thing was that the nurse and receptionist weren't too friendly and had borderline attitude problems. I would recommend Dr. Chambers, and if I got pregnant  I would want someone like him to deliver my baby. He just needs friendlier staff. Only four stars because of bad staff. When I called in with questions they completely ignored me and said "thank you . . . Bye bye" completely cutting me off and hanging up! Arg so frustrating! So when you go in just prepare to deal with a bunch of hater staff. Women of minority races (I am Latina) just beware of the rude and ditsy all white staff.
5	My wife was going to another ob in town for our first pregnancy and after going to a visit with her, the dr. never once looked at me or barely even acknowledged I was there except to ask "dad" medical history. She decided go online and look for a new one. She saw Dr. Chambers' profile and saw how many people were pleased with him (and the one lady who didn't) and decided to give him a shot. What a perfect choice she made. We arrived at his office, did paperwork and waited. I am very impatient so yes expect to wait well after your appointment is scheduled but it is for a good reason. He came in, asked us questions and then proceeded to speak to me by my name and not by dad. He then asked if we had any questions (we did not know what to ask) so he then gave us answers to all the questions we didn't know to ask. He even addressed the review about the lady that was not happy and provided his side. He is a gentle, kind and caring person but when he needs something he makes himself clear. Short story long, she was having problems delivering naturally and recommended a c section. We went in and there is no way I would have wanted anyone else to deliver my child. You can't please everyone in this world but I recommend him to everyone. He is very talented at his profession and a fine imdividual. If you trust in him and what he says, you will be in good hands! God Bless you Dr. Chambers and have a Merry ChristmasC & J
5	Despite the wait for my appt; I was treated well, felt listened to and totally respected. I would recommend Dr. Chambers to any woman.
5	Dr. Chambers is amazing.  I read reviews on him and decided to give him a shot.  The wait time wasn't bad at all. When I seen Dr. Chambers he was a very polite, caring man. I explained the problems I was having and he gave me options. His bed side manner is wonderful.  He always asked "may I" and walked me thru everything he had to do. We even had a good laugh about a tattoo on my chest. Any Dr. That can make u feel comfortable in an uncomfortable situation is alright in my book. I'm looking forward to seeing him again. The office hours are great too. I work Monday thru Friday and with him opened weekends and late during the week he makes it easy to get in and see him. Office staff is wonderful as well. My nurse assistant was very informative and told me I can ask the Dr anything and to not be shy. I will definitely recommend him to my friends and family.
3	Dr Chambers is a nice guy. He knows what hes doing and makes sure to talk to you through it all. I never really had a problem until this week.  I had an appointment to get my depo shot (which literally takes him 1 minute to do) at 2pm on a Monday afternoon. Upon my arrival i was told he was out on lunch and wouldnt be back until 2:30. First off I had an appointment. Why was I being forced to wait on him? He should have planned his day better and been back for his appointments. I waited until 3 and he still hadnt shown up and receptions call to him went to his voicemail. I left mad and reschedule for the next day. I did make sure to tell reception that if he was going to be more then 15 minutes late in the future to call me so i can reschedule/replan when i should arrive. Next afternoon comes around and I make it early to my appointment at 3. No biggie. At least he was in. I have my baby with me this time. It took over an hour from my appointment time before he even saw me! My baby was screaming the last 15 minutes or so and no body cared. I brought up my displeasure when he finally saw me and his reply was "Well things happen." No apology. The disrespect I was shown this visit was unbelievable. His time isnt any more important then my own. If he was running behind they should have called like I told them to do the day before (and yes it was the same girl at reception both days). I cant decide if I should find a new doctor or not. I never had any problems before now. Which is the only reason I gave him 3 stars today. Im seriously disappointed.
1	This is the WORST doctors office EVER. This is my first pregnancy and I couldnt have been more disapointed with the service here. I didnt have a SINGLE appointment where I was seen quicker than an HOUR AFTER my scheduled appointment. The doctor has NO REGARD WHATSOEVER for the patients time and it is BEYOND RUDE and unacceptable. I wouldnt recommend this place to aan enemy. Do NOT waste your time.
5	Look, I get that everyone has different expectations and needs when it comes to doctors, and that's fine. I know some people aren't as patient as others, and maybe I'm more laid back than some people who have been here and didn't like the service.  But I can say, without a doubt, this is the best doctor that I've ever been to. I will make this simple.  I felt respected at all times, I felt appreciated at all times.  I feel like I was spoken to like an intelligent person.  I was given all the information I needed to make the decisions I needed to make.  My little girl and I were absolutely taken care of by Dr. Chambers. We had a perfect pregnancy until about a month before the due date.  Everything went wrong, and Dr. Chambers handled it wonderfully.  I literally put my life and my daughter's life into his hands, and he did not disappoint. I had NONE of my plans go the way I wanted to, but Dr. Chambers helped me have the very best delivery possible.  I would recommend him to any of my friends.
3	I love Dr. Chambers but mannn the wait took like 2 hours long!!!!! I finally left and rescheduled. I couldn't wait another hour!!
5	Dr. Chambers and his staff are absolutely wonderful.  Everything I would expect in a great doctor is here, and then some!  In my many visits I've had only to wait once and that was because he was rushing to the hospital for a delivery.  And I was GLAD to wait knowing that Dr. Chambers was helping someone who needed him right then and there.  That, his professional and respectful manner during exams, his thoroughness and efficiency in getting results back to you ASAP,  and his general caring and informative demeanor earned my immediate and long lasting trust.  Thanks to him and his staff, a thousand fold.
5	Dr. Chambers is personable and professional.  My quest to find an OB-GYN is finally over!He's great at explaining things in a way I can understand (no medical/big words/mumbo jumbo).  He put me on Clomid to help me get pregnant... although that did not work for me and my husband, I will still be using him for my OB-GYN needs.  He does not rush the appointment at all, and wants you to make sure you understand everything before you walk out the door.  I really like that about him.  His staff is very helpful and friendly as well.  Although there is a short wait before seeing him, it's not as bad as some of the other offices I've visited in the past.  He is worth the wait!
5	Dr chambers is by far the best doctor in town! He has delivered both my kids via c section! I had some complications (just pains) w my son on Christmas Eve at 8pm called most drs would have said to go to the ER. Not dr chambers! he opened up his practice to give me an ultrasound that night! Being pregnant with my first I must have called him a million times late at night he always answered and called me the next day to make sure I was ok! Going into my c section the second time I was so scared for the surgery for some reason.. Dr chambers was there and talked me through it helped ease my anxiety ! After having my second child... 1 month post c section my father became very I'll and I needed to leave the country to see him... During my time away I had a little problem prob due to lifting more than I should've. Probably from trying to help my dad and I sent dr chambers pictures and he advised me what to do and advised me to seek a dr where I was to help with his instructions. Through out the years dr chambers has been the most amazing dr and I couldn't even imagine having a different dr! Don't you ever retire dr chambers haha! Thanks for all that you've done! You can telll you truly care about your patients and their little ones!
1	I think they only treat you well if you are pregnant or want to become pregnant. Each time I've gone I've had to wait 2 hours past my appointment time to be seen, and when I've asked if I could go take a walk and have them call me if it will be a while, I'm told "no you're next, just 5 minutes." They then take 30 minutes and put me in an exam room to wait another 30. But that's not the worst part....I've tried to ask for an IUD my first appointment and was told no the first time. After my second I finally got him to say yes. When I fought for it, I had to call 2x to remind them to submit the request to insurancr and then wait 6 weeks. By this time, I've had to switch my pills a few times because they ran out of the sample birth control he originally had me on and (it was discontinued), my period is irregular (missed 2 months) and he refuses to insert my IUD unless I'm at the end of my period. Twice when I called to schedule the appointment and asked what I was supposed to do if I don't get my period, the receptionist just kept repeating I have to get my period. 3 months later when I am spotting, they refused to squeeze me in for an appointment and I have to wait another month. Nowhere else have I heard this rule, but based on Dr. Chambers trying to talk me out of an IUD and discussing how they don't carry them because he doesn't make money off of them, I'm convinced he is preoccupied with getting money from delivering children and does not care about us women trying to get a regular check up and/or prevent pregnancy.If you're pregnant, you'll be treated like gold. If you're not, prepare to get poor customer service, and frankly, no service at all. I'll be looking for a new provider.
