4	this new Location just opened last night. Love the clothing they have, brings a fresh style and culture to Pittsburgh while incorporating what it is to be from Pittsburgh. They guys who run the place are funny and charming and always willing to show you something you might have not seen before. I adore the vibe and the pieces they've brought out to the people of PIttsburgh. Definite stop if you're in need of some sneakers/shirts/hoodies/hats you know all the things you make you SEXY.
4	Nice little store similar to Time Bomb in Shadyside. Lot's of New Balance, Nike, Huf, Clae, Undefeated, Stussy, Kid Robot etc. Lots of clothing that you can't get anywhere else. Nice little chill spot. The clothing really isn't my style bit I really like the shoes they carry. Good spot for Sneaker Heads.Check out their website: http://shopfouronetwo.blogspot.com/
3	Not quite sure what I did wrong by going in here.  I was loving the vibe of the place and really enjoy that they spin their own music.  The set up was nice.  Airy even.  Didn't feel too confined in there and was easy to browse their inventory.I went into the store because I've been wanting one of their 412 shirts.  Can't for the life of me figure out why they only had XS and XXL sizes in both styles.  I searched all size piles they had out.  I was getting a complex and had to leave, either I'm too fat or too skinny for their stuff. I can guarantee that I would have bought a shirt upon stopping in, but my size was unavailable.  I suppose I'll have to look up their website.
3	I really like this store because of the uniqueness of all of the items they have, but I also believe that the stores exclusivity is also its major flaw.  They stuff they have in here is great, but it is pretty pricey, and they don't always have the size you need.  But when they do and you are willing to pay an extra penny for it, you will be happy with your purchase.  The atmosphere is pretty trendy too.  Being located in the heart of the South Side Works, it matches perfectly with the upscale, high-end feel.  Finally, I love their original t-shirts and hoodies with the notorious 412 symbol on it; however, if you take a champion hoodie and throw 3 numbers on it, it is still just a champion hoodie.  That being said, I cannot see myself paying $70 for one.
5	The guys at 412 are curating great merchandise from some of the top names in cutting edge, 'old school' street style that is perfect for young Pittsburgers of all ages!
