4	I've come in for both lunch and dinner a few times and have always enjoyed it. The tables are spaced enough for privacy and the decor is understated.Service-wise, a little slow at times. Don't get mad; it's nothing against you.Regarding food; yum. Love their falafel, as an appetizer, sandwich, or main dish. Moist and flavorful. They always present you with a complimentary cup of tea, too. I love tea.
4	This is one of my favorite spaces in the State Street area.  I used to have regular lunch and dinner dates here with friends, chatting away the winter afternoons to endless cups of hot tea and warm soup.  It's a nice respite from the wind chill in the winter, construction in the summer, and craziness of State during the academic year.  The lighting is dim, the music is soothing, and the tea is hot, spiced with cardamom, and FREE (the refills will keep on coming too).  My favorite waiter is long gone (left in 2006 for better things in Milwaukee) and the service can be a bit slow and inconsistent but the falafel is consistently good -- crispy on the outside, spicy, hot, and moist on the inside.  I often go for the arayis beef sandwich (approx $7, Summer 2008) for a filling lunch that will keep me going at the library through night.  The kefta is also quite nice.  If you go super hungry with a few people, the m'hamara is far above average!  Two brief warnings -- the prices have gone up nearly every two years since 2004 and on one occasion the restaurant was closed unexpectedly for nearly 6 weeks.   Falafel sandwiches (with crispy and above average fries) used to be only $3!!!
3	I went there with couple of friends for lunch. The atmosphere was classic yet casual, and the server was attentive to our need of quarters for parking and tea refills. =P The flavor of the sandwich is well balanced--you can taste the individual ingredients and their quality. The fries fill you up if you're still hungry after the small sandwich. It's a good place to have a chatty lunch.
4	The food here is great, and the prices are reasonable. I think the quality and quantity is a little better than the med cafe a couple of blocks away.
4	I went there again for dinner in a group of 4. We had a group dinner for 4, "Mixed Mazza". It includes:pita --a meager amount. Too dry and too flat.spreads -- hummus, baba ghanouj (good), m'hamara (red pepper spread). sauces -- yogurt sauce and tahini.appetizers -- falafel, kibbee ball (fried rice + meat), beef sambosia (triangular flaky pastry with beef filling), yalangi (stuffed grape leaves appetizer), olives & pickles.dishes -- Fool (onion & tomato saucy stuff), tabouli, chicken liver, lamb shawarma. For the price of $57, I think it is pretty worthwhile. Every dish is good but I wish the pita was up to par with the dishes. They could have provided more pita, too.Hot tea that is complimentary from the house. Similar as before, there was only 1 waiter bustling. Poor guy. I'd like my tea to be refilled a lot more frequently though.
3	The food here was great but the service was severly lacking. The waitress seemed genuinely annoyed that we were in the restaurant during a slow afternoon. As others have mentioned the prices here seem very reasonable.I will most likely come back here again but only for take out.
2	I went there over the weekend as for a quick bit with my girlfriend. We were on the way to a wedding and were way hungry from the road trip. We both had Falafel sandwiches with Hummus. The sandwiches were quite tasty. The fries were tasty as well (they come with the sandwich), but I didn't feel it was a good match with the sandwich. Overall I was happy with the food though. As to service we ordered at the counter and they were ok. It was a reasonable wait for the food to be prepared.  Neither a plus or negative for me.What really knocked it down a notch for me was the bathroom. Now I am not looking for new fancy bathrooms with the latest tech at this place. What I did find was a poorly lit bathroom that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a bit. Or if it has been somebody was doing a horrible job of it. It honestly smelled. Given the choose I would have gone to a gas station restroom over this.
3	Ate at the food cart around 2 am.  They have four things for 5 bucks.  Burger, falafel, gyro and some kabobs.  I got the gyro and it was delicious.  It wasn't freshly shaved gyro meat\ but it wasn't overly greasy and the pita, yogurt sauce, tomatoes and onions were fresh.
5	this was one of my favorite madison restaurantsit has 2 sides to it - a fine dining side, and a hole-in-the-wall side.  though it's the same food, same price, and both have nice atmospheres, because of my penchant for cheap eats and the strong reminders of israeli street dining, if i had my drothers i'd always opt for the less-classy side.i pretty much ordered the same thing every time i went here because it was so addicting: the lamb and beef schwarma and some of the most delicious fries i have ever encountered.  i always asked for the shwarma pita *without* the techina, though, because i'm not really a condiment person.  how you know when you're in an authentic mediterranean restaurant?  you say "without techina" and they don't give you blank stares (as much as i like med caf, they don't realize that techina = tahini)the price is right (very cheap), the location is central, and they're open late.  i often yearn for king of falafel schwarma, and if you're lucky enough to be living in madison, if you don't hit up KoF, you're missing out!
5	I love this place!The falafel was great, fresh and delicious.  Service was fast, prompt and the people were really friendly.  I can't recommend this place enough to anyone in the Madison area.  It looks much worse than it is, from the outside.
