5	I actually met this guy while I was shopping. Turns out he happens to be one of the best handyman guys out there. I was shopping at Home Depot for some water misters for the patio outside. I was looking for all the other parts that I needed at Home Depot and the store clerk wasn't to sure what else I needed. This guy Mario happened to over here the conversation I was having with the clerk and literally helped me out better then the clerk. Turns out with his knowledge and more talk about the unit I was about to purchase I asked him how he knew so much....turns out he is a handyman so I figured Id ask him for advise to install it since I'm totally clueless when it comes to stuff like this. I hired him to do the job, and I'm so happy that I did. Not only did I make a friend, but my water misters are hidden & cut clean and looks very professional. I've actually used him several other times for other things as well, such as new molding around the house, paint, etc. This year Santa happened to drop off a new trampoline for my little one. In no time I called Mario and he was out here to put it up. He made my little ones Christmas. Trust me, I'm very cautious and anal about how my stuff looks... And he is a perfectionist! I recommend him to everyone.... Nothing but great feedback after they use him.
5	We turned off our water heater during our vacation and when he came back we dont know how to turned it on. I called several co left a message to call me back but none of them called back except for Mario . I told him the situation and he helped me over the phone as a courtesy . Now that's a wow!!!! He didn't mind spending time helping me over the phone with no charge, you will never see that kind of courtesy at all. Mario thank you again!!! I will definitely call you and recommend you to anyone.
5	Came out on a Saturday night to fix a clogged drain causing everything to overflow. Reasonable/affordable price, excellent work. On top of that very nice. Made a very stressful situation go smoothly and quickly.
