5	I love the bell!
3	Doritos Tacos. Yes, really. This location is friendly, maybe too much so. They mess up on your order. A lot. Even when repeated. Don't leave the drive through without double checking your order to make sure you didn't get shorted an item or two.
4	Great cheap food for when you are too broke to afford anything else, this is pretty tasty and wont kill you're budget.I dont care about calories because I ride a bike, but it is pretty good.I am not a food snob, but I know crappy food, but there is non here.I love the dollar bean burritos, yummy!
5	Friendly staff and happy they are finally keeping the bums from using the soda fountain with their dirty cups!
1	Well, let me tell you what!!!  Tonight the wife and myself went to ol Taco Bell.   The date is: 10-3-13.  Time stamp on receipt is 7:52pm.  ( we went inside because there was 9 cars....yes, 9 cars in the drive thru. )  We walked out with our food and get this.....drumroll.....8:21pm and a " sorry for the wait " for  us and the other patrons that had the same idea to come in. One person ordered just (1) five layer burrito and it took almost as long as we were standing there.  I could understand if a basketball team or baseball or large party ordered but, come on. Almost, well, 30 minutes to get fast food????  WTF???!!!   There was a total of 9 employees working well, some, behind the counter. Two in drive thru 1 working register and others trying to work the food station. You would think with that many people you could get everybody in and out in a timely manner!!  NO, not here.  Just like every other fast food joint they ALL CATER TO THE DRIVE THRU.  But, if you have 9 employees why not have half work drive thru and other half work the people that come inside ?? I'm just saying.  In my opinion, I'd be looking at the management.  That is the person running the show!!  If you can't manage a restaurant, then YOU shouldn't be working there!! I'd suggest going down the road about a mile and go to Del Taco. At least they know how to get the job done!!!
1	If you are a big fan of slow service then this is the Taco Bell for you . I say that the average time of waiting is about 15 minutes and that is just for a burrito. And this isn't just an isolated slow time this is every single time I go to this Taco Bell. And don't think just because you go to the drive through that it be quick though the drive through is  super slow too.  Every time I go there I can be guaranteed that my wife says to me when I get home what took you so long? Also they suck at making your order right too. I had the stuff nacho griller thing the other day and it looked like a four-year-old had folded it up. Pay the extra couple bucks for Del Taco is my advice.
1	If you want to wait over a half hour for FAST FOOD anytime of the day then come to this Taco Bell!! Two thumbs down!
4	Taco Bell is our go-to food choice when nothing else will do. Yelp gave me the Duke crown for all the times I've checked in here but I'm at this location so much I know the price of various menu combos tax and all ahead of time. Service: Friendly, even when slammed. And they get slammed a lot. I've been stuck in line for 20 minutes in the drive thru more than once because they get busy. While some Yelp people turn up their nose at fast food, the truth is this is what a lot of people eat on the go. It isn't health fare, it's got issues, but when everyone's sick or in a hurry Taco Bell works. 4 stars because my wallet says I spend a lot of $ here, they've earned the stars.
