5	Ok. So I caved in -- at least for a year. What can I say I miss boxing and Muay Thai. Plus this particular location is fairly clean with classes offered throughout the day and unlike their Anthem location it's really spacious but also have carpet rather than mats beneath the punching bags. There are also decent amount of weights, treadmills, a boxing ring, and lastly in the corner is a spread of mats with a portion of a cage up if one wanted to get a taste of being Anderson Silva. Finishing up with my first week there, I'm fairly happy, with instructors providing more tips and instruction than at the Anthem location. Workouts which combine aerobic (cardio) and anaerobic (high intensity/interval training, bodyweight exercises) are varied.Make no doubt about it, as long as you're busting your ass out there you will be dripping sweat from head to toe when class is done. It should be also noted that there will be grappling classes (no-gi) soon. Which is great for me cause my grappling game is pretty weak. Private lessons are of course available however if you are looking for more fine tuning and technical instruction within the group class setting you may be somewhat disappointed. It is what it is: a no-frills gym to efficiently get in, get your sweat on and get out within an hour.
1	This place is absolutely the worst decision you could make. If you feel like being trapped in a year long commitment with no way out other than paying exhorbitant fees this is the place for you. The staff is aggressive and unfriendly and they will not work with you on changing the terms of your membership. Avoid this place at all costs.
4	After about a month out I'm gonna haveta bump you down a notch LA Boxing. Training still remains for the most part varied, upbeat but there are times I really wish trainers focused on technique. While on the heavy bags some of the staff will share their thoughts on how you are progressing or if you need to make corrections meanwhile other trainers come in with a lackadaisical attitude to say the least. I also think its not cool when you have potential risk of catching something funky when I gotta train barefoot beside folks in the kickboxing class with their shoes on. Still waiting on the addition of Jiu Jitsu classes which they say they're eventually going to bring back as more members show interest in the class. Nonetheless, its still a great workout and I still have fun while doing it.
4	I've been going to this gym since May (off and on) and resumed classes in August, but initially started out at the Anthem location (take a look at my review).  It's located in a pretty convenient location, and they have been adding more and more classes due to the increasing amount of members.  The fact that one of the personnel came up and polled us on what times they should add additional classes was a nice gesture, if you ask me.I am still getting a feel for the instructors, but I can speak about a few of the ones that I've had.  They each have their own way of warming up, as well as the different workouts, which is where they differ.Matt D. has a pretty good class.  He has a five minute warmup routine, and makes sure that you fit in some sort of exercise for each type of body part.  Then there's an abs section.  Then he usually does circuits/stations, depending on the amount of people that are in class that day.  Each one utilizes at least a kick or punch or both, all done within a set time limit.  We usually do two to three rounds of this, and then mix it up a little when it comes to the other portion of class where we get on our own bags and follow along with a set combination.  He usually goes around and critiques your technique, especially if you're a beginner.  Form is definitely key.  That and making sure that you do the movements correctly, so as to not harm yourself.  At the end, though, there's usually a different ab/core workout that he incorporates--anythingfrom planks to crunches to other exercises that target these areas.  At the end, we always stretch.  I've only taken Jessica W's class once, but it was definitely not experience that I will forget anytime soon.  As I stated before, there was a warm-up routine, which eventually led to the workout.  With her, though, we actually did timed rounds, according to her count, of set routines--either in a circuit or on our own.  It was definitely a different style of teach than I was used to, which was a good thing.  She did make sure to point out some problems or errors in technique as she walked around and observed us.  There was also an abs section at the end of class, and an unofficial stretching segment at the end.  I only hope that I can make her class again.I took Jason R's class once too, and that too was a different type of workout.  There was a shorter warm-up, but it seemed like we went immediately into the routine.  There was no circuit/stations, but rather he told us the exercises to do, and demonstrated how to do them.  Although he didn't spend as much time instructing or observing me, I still noted that he was looking around and observing the others.  His style of teaching, too, was a lot different.  Whereas the others seemed to be more intense, he was more laid-back, but still seemed to know what he was doing, as he was calling out moves.  There was also an abs section at the end, too.In terms of the classes, I've taken both the kickboxing and boxing classes, but have yet to see any additional classes being offered.  If they did have other classes, I'd definitely try them out. I also noticed that there are more and more people that train barefoot (including some of the instructors), which makes me a bit concerned, since I refuse to take off my shoes at all.Yes, it's fine for everyone, but just make sure to take it at your own pace, since not everyone is at the same level in these classes.I'll definitely be returning to take more classes while I'm a member.  I'll just have to split my time between the Anthem location, as well as this one.
4	I'm still a member, but apparently this place has undergone a lot of changes since it first opened last year.  There are only a handful of the original instructors, but I really enjoy the diversity and varied workouts that each teacher has to offer.Among the instructors, they also have some new people like Todd, Vadim (reigning Muay Thai champ in his weight class), with the veterans like Jason, Matt, Jessica, and Dustin.  To be honest, I've been quite confused when it comes to who is teaching what and when, but even though the instructors have changed, the times remain the same.  I do like the fact that some instructors now use the focus mitts on a regular basis, as part of the workout and not just for personal training sessions.  The intimate classes are also pretty good, since it gives you a more individualized experience.  Not only has my endurance and stamina increased, but I feel like I'm getting stronger, more energetic, and more accustomed to the technique.  I definitely think that this gym has improved and continues to improve, so keep up the good work.My only gripes are that they don't have actual cable channels on the tvs, but instead have some of the same fight videos playing on the flatscreen tvs.  I also wish that the price was more affordable on a monthly basis, in addition to more leniency on the contracts.All in all, I enjoy being a member of LA Boxing and look forward to the changes to come--including more LA Boxing locations in the Vegas Valley.
5	I'm fairly new to boxing... Great workout! If you are new go to Todd's class... He is best instructor there and the class will kick your @ss! Better than a regular gym! It's a must if you want to get in shape!
5	Started working out at LA boxing since it first opened up this location to work out my cardio and actually learn how to fight and always find it convinent that this gym was just down the street from me. Unfortunately been gone for a couple months because traveling for work  and go out of shape. ;( Finally come back and decide to get back into shape to only to come back to find new staff members and trainers working there and alot more people there. But truthfully, I don't mind. Started right back where I left off working on my cardio, boxing etc. because of the awesome staff. Truthfully, this new trainers are more hands on and more motivated then the former trainers. And another upside is the fight team they have during the work. Could actually go light sparring and work on the mitts a lot harder than normal. People think its too much to pay for this gym but truthfully they never really been to a "fighting" gym in las Vegas where they offer weights, classes, personal training and a "fight" team classes.
4	i just start my membership about a month ago, i love it so far, everyone is very nice and friendly, Vadim and Todd are the BOMB!!! great instructors!! i already feel i'm stronger, cant wait to see the result after a year....if you want to have a great work out, this is the place you should come!!!!!!
5	I check in here on a daily and have not come around to writing a review. I started in February and have been a loyal member since. Currently we have Vadim, Todd, and Alfredo as instructors and they each have a specialty in reaching your goals. This gym not only does boxing, but kickboxing too.  It's classroom style for beginners where they throw out bag work combinations and there is a lot cardio, sometimes they will also do padwork with you.  I come here pretty religiously and always work up a sweat. They also have advance boxing, Muay Thai, and JJ! Sign up for some one on ones and get an even better workout, I highly recommend this gym, you'll always find me there :)
3	I did not feel quite welcome when I first joined.  The manager was nice but the instructor did not care to introduce himself.  The classes were good, I especially enjoyed Todd's classes.   I felt like he wanted to be there.  He pushed me to my limits and I left feeling like I had accomplished something.  They said they opened at 6am, so I assumed someone would be there by 5:50am but no one opened the place until after 6:15am when class started at 6:30am.  I joined the gym because my schedule.  I had to be to work at 8am so it gave me enough time if I started at 6am to get to work by 8am.  But because they were always late opening I never was satisfied.  I brought this problem up to the manager a few times and nothing ever changed.  I recently canceled two months ago and was told I wouldn't be charged anymore, but when I looked at my bank statements I was charged for two months.  Now every time I call to talk to the manager I get a different excuse of why he isn't there.  I now have to take time out of my day, after I already work 12 hours a day to go there and talk to them. I will probably never re-join but, I would hire Todd as a private instructor.  I feel that the instructor should want to be at work, should want to be teaching you his or her craft and he is the only one I felt that I got anything from.
5	This place is awesome. Great instructors. Class hours are great and the gym is open pretty early.
5	I like this place. When I first walked in, first time to myself amatuer gym. Then I found out professionals trained here. I asked if I could spar, and they put me in with a professional immediately. That was awesome. Anyways good customer service great atmosphere and good people that inspire you.
5	WHO: Whether you are an elite athlete, have been an athlete for years, trying to loose weight, trying to get back to exercising, or trying to up your boxing/kickboxing/mma technique, come right on in! This place is for people of different fitness levels (unless you need a doctor's note).WHEN: There are classes going on 7 days a week, so get on their website and check the daily schedule and see which time may be convenient for you.WHERE: There are 3 locations in town, but this location, to be exact, is on Blue Diamond and Arville (inside the same vicinity as Target & Ross, but more West of the plaza).WHY: Why ask why?!! If you are curious, try it out yourself!! There is a "First time's free" deal for everyone!! So if you wanna try a class before actually dedicating a whole year to payments, feel FREE to try it out beforehand. (If you want to go hard during the free trial, try Todd's class!!! Definitely worth your time!!)WHAT: It all started when an LA Boxing deal popped up on Groupon. My friend and I were in this whole "I want to try all types of fitness classes via Groupon!" With that being said, that is exactly what we did. We bought a month-long deal over the summer and got hooked. Yes, we signed up for an entire year because of that intense month of boxing/kickboxing.There are a handful of instructors that teach the hour-long classes. I recommend you try out all the different instructors to find out which is best for you. Each class is comprised of intense cardio, boxing/kickboxing 250 lb bags, technique, plyometrics, and or stretching, so HAVE SOME FUN WITH IT!In conclusion,I LOVE LA BOXING!!! If you're hesitating... summer is just around the corner ;)!!
