3	Shout out to C F. for mentioning this spot in a Talk thread.  A friend and I went today, and it wasn't bad at all!  We ordered the green curry with beef ($7.95), and the pad see "lew" with chicken ($6.95).  I also indulged in a Thai iced tea ($2.00), which was a nice balance of sweetness and creaminess.  While not the best I have had, I really liked the green curry.  At a spice level of 4/5, and with a little bit of added chili powder, it had a nice strong flavor with no sweetness.  I wouldn't say that the character of curry itself was all that unique or interesting, but it was a nice, liquidy strong one.  With the added ingredients of zucchini and egg plant (which was very yummy), and very tender beef, I found myself going back for seconds!The pad see lew (like ew?) wasn't my favorite, but it was still good.  It was a bit sweeter and saucier (perhaps too much teriyaki) than I prefer.  It had sliced carrots, American and Chinese broccoli, cabbage, and even a single piece of bok choy  I wished there was more bok choy though.  All of the meat and veggies were fresh and nicely prepared.  Although definitely edible, I prefer a drier version of this dish, so I wouldn't order this one again.  I can safely give this spot a 3 star review, but it may be better than that.  The lunch menu is pretty small, so we ordered off of the dinner menu.  It was a pretty simple, standard Thai menu, nothing that was really stood out from other places that I noticed.  The prices were just right; pretty much everything was in the $7-10 range for dinner entrees.
5	Stopped by for a quick lunch, Service was great, nice, professional courteous,Food was delicious, I love thai curry, and I tried dozens of thai places all around the US, this is one of the best curries I had!prices are very affordable and they also deliver.good, simple place, delicious food.Will be back for sure!
4	The walls are lined with airline and Thailand posters. Other than that, the decorations are almost nonexistent. Came here for lunch on a Sunday. The staff were all sitting at a booth when my party of four came walking through the door. The place is dead quiet and a bit unnerving, because how busy a restaurant is usually indicates how delicious the food is. It is a good thing that I went against this initial theory because Dang Dee is fantastic for the price. Their lunch specials run around five to six dollars for an entree with choice of chicken, beef, or tofu. If you want shrimp, add two dollars.We decided to dine family style and ordered the red chicken curry, spicy basil beef, spicy tofu eggplant, and chicken pad thai. All of our food was ordered at a spicy level of four out of five. When the food came, it looked and smelled amazing. When we tasted it, it was flavorful and just was wonderful on the palate. The red curry is filled with bamboo shoots, zucchini, tofu, and chunks of white meat chicken in a robust coconut base. The beautiful pieces of eggplants were a vibrant purple, soaked up the garlic well, and was complimented by the soft tofu. Two people in our party do not like tofu and still enjoyed this dish. The pad thai was delicious, but pretty standard. The basil beef possessed a delicate smell and was just as flavorful. The only problem with any of these dishes were that they are not spicy at all. I am not sure if they were holding back because we were a primarily Caucasian party, but it seriously tasted like a one. After doctoring up the dishes with the tiny pickled green chilies, it was more like what we had expected. We ended our dining experience with the mango and sticky rice. The glutenous rice with sesame seeds was soft and soaked up all the delicious coconut milk. The mangoes were rip and sweet. It was a perfect ending to a wonderful meal. For $4.50, it was worth every penny.The aromatics, flavor, and portions are all spot on. The only thing they need to work on is presenting a dish that meets the spice level that Thai food should possess.
4	So I came here to get lunch portions for my friends who loves Pad thaiThe lunch portion is smallI ordered 2 pad thais, 1 singapore noodles and 1 pad see ew. I am not really impressed with the Pad Thais but I like Pad sew. 4 orders cost 23$ total. When I walked in , the place was dead quiet, but after talking to the waitress, she said the restaurant has been opening for 8 months, Overall, The taste was not bad for such a cheap price.
5	Boo Ya! This place is amazing. The food, (Pad Thai is some of the best I've had!), the staff- So nice and accommodating, all perfect. Cant think of anything that could make this place more awesome. Been here twice now and the first time after our meal, they gave us some super fresh, delicious orange slices, 2nd time I came, they gave us chilled watermelon slices with ice on top. Perfect palate cleansers after the spicy (if you want it that way) Thai food! YUM!Cant wait to come back again and again. Seriously a staple.
5	I have been here many times, and how I have not reviewed this place yet is beyond me. The staff is always courteous, the prices are affordable, the portions reasonable, and the food just darn-right delicious!My most recent meal here I had the Lemongrass chicken. Was a great dish that I wholeheartedly recommend, the flavors were well balanced and the chicken was cooked just right. I can also similarly recommend their Pad Thai and Seafood Combo Soup (I think that's what is called), all are exceptional dishes I have had at this restaurant and I imagine there are many more. I hope they continue to be a great place to visit for years to come!
4	I ordered #4 out of #5 spicy and my mouth was burning for the entire dinner. Be careful not to order #4 unless you like REALLY spicy food!  Everything was fantastic, though!!
3	This place is at least a 3.5 and I will try it again and hope / look forward to raising the review stars to 4....  Worthy place to check out.1.  Service - If you come at lunch, there are plenty of business lunch people coming here, so it is very crowded. In addition, it seems that really there is one main server with others helping a bit, so it can get busy. Nice, friendly, economical.2.  Food - The price here are extremely reasonable, which is probably why there are so many people coming here. Many of the entree are 5.95 - 8.95 and it is basically full meal on one plate.  Spice levels are very reasonable, so if you like it with a kick, order up a notch or two on the spice level, as the food is not too spicy.I ordered Massaman Curry, one of my favorite.  Now, normally, I am aware that Massaman curry is traditionally served with beef, however, the waitress asked if I wanted chicken and I said yeah sure.  The chicken was cube cut and a bit thick as well as a bit tough. I find if it is sliced thin and against the grain, it makes for a much better texture and flavor, rather than cube cut.  Not too sure if many asian style restaurants cut in cube style anyway..... My fried ordered the Spicy Eggplant with pork and she liked it.All orders come with soup, some kind of basic Tom Yum style soup. 3.  To try - I always compare restaurants with either the Spicy Eggplant with ground beef, or the Pad Kee Mau (Drunken Noodle)   So I plan to come back for this.The place is very, very casual, family oriented, and overall pleasant.  GK says check it out.
3	First of all it's hard to walk into a Thai restaurant and only smell Subway bread baking. I've been here four times and it throws me off every time! Here's how I feel about Dang Dee.Prices- Cheap AND they offer lunch special on the weekends. Service- Really kind staff who always makes sure your glass is full. Beware- If you blow your nose because you are literally down one lung and should be in bed they will laugh at you and assume it was because the dish was too spicy for you, white girl. Hee hee, not funny. But, of course that didn't happen to me. Shhh.Food- If you remember anything at all about this review it should be to order the Green Curry Chicken. It's outstanding. Mad props to the chef for this dish.Eggrolls- Seems more like Lumpia to me in the shape of those party wieners wrapped in crescent rolls. Strange, meaty, but porkalicious good.Thai Iced Tea- I hadn't had one in a year. I'm not sure if I'm just super sensitive to sugar these days, but mine was entirely too sweet to drink. I dumped half a glass of water in it so I could get it down. That's what fat kids do instead of just not drinking it. You know it still tasted like shit with the water, but fatty "had to get it down". I'm sick, leave me alone. Tom Kha- I ordered it at the hottest spice level so there were pepper in my soup which I enjoyed. Other than the peppers I really did not care for this soup. Day 2 it didn't grow on me either. It was watery and the spices never really married the way they should. The quality of the chicken was nice, but the runny broth along with huge lemongrass rods and thick slices of ginger kind of killed it for me. Will I be back you ask? Absolutely. Dang Dee will stay in my rotation with the killer 5 Star Green Curry she's banging out. I do fear she's a one trick Thai pony. Ponies are still fun to play with and ride in circles every once in a while. Just don't step in their giant poop piles.
4	Green Curry and Pad Thai, Green Curry and Pad Thai, Green Curry and Pad Thai. I don't like anything else. Especially dislike the Tom Yum and Tom Kha. Bonus: Last time I dined in they gave me ice cold watermelon slices because they are cool like that. Just remember Green Curry and Pad Thai.........
4	Stopped by for an impromptu lunch the other day and was very pleased. I got the Pad see Ew and cucumber salad. I got home and dilly dallied, still hot when I opened the box finally!! Everything was fresh, delicious and I cannot wait to go back again.
3	Not bad considering the staff isn't Thai, but there is better food elsewhere in town.
4	Great little spot! Stick to their Thai options (as opposed to Chinese) and you won't be disappointed. Try the shrimp fried rice, yummy.
5	great food friendly staff pad kee mao how was amazing
3	This restaurant is clean people are nice and their food is good!
5	We have become regulars at Dang Dee.  Reasonable prices, friendly service - they quickly learned what we tend to order and remember every time we visit!  Great food!  Dang Dee easily satisfies our Thai food cravings!
4	My girlfriend wanted to take me out to dinner to celebrate the end of a long week at work for both of us.  I decided on Thai food and this spot was super close to home and didnt have any bad reviews, so it seemed like it would be worth a try.  When you come in the smell of the bread from Subway is definitely notable, but I got used to it pretty quickly.  The place looks neat and clean, not an ideal room for sit down dining but they make it work.  I was kind of worried that the food would be terribly bland and generic but in the end was satisfied.  The waitress was friendly and the food was better than I had expected.  My gf isnt an adventurous sort, so she had chicken pad thai and she liked that.  I got the Dang Dee Salad, chopped iceberg with mint and cilantro and I'm pretty sure it had ground chicken, calamari, and some shrimp that had a kind of ceviche thing going on.  I was pretty impressed with how good it was for costing under $9, even if a part of me worries any time I get seafood at a lower price than I expect.  So yeah, I'll definitely be back.
5	This place is very appreciative of your business. The menu is plentiful for LUNCH specials. The Food is Excellent for taste and flavor.
4	My boyfriend and I both eat here quite often since he works nearby. The food is always good and the service is always very friendly.
2	I learned that eating here at night except saturday night is a different taste. I will only eat here for lunch and saturday night because of the cook.
3	I got the pad thai with chicken for lunch and it came with about 5 pieces of chicken. The food was good but not fantastic.
4	I love the chicken wings, spicy eggplant with pork,  & the crab fried rice, We didnt like the Pomfret fish with spicy curry sauce. The salad dressing was yummy, a creamy orange dressing. The Tom Ka soup was delicious.  Here is a HUGE tip, you have to go here during weekday lunch only or whenever the best cook is there, her name is NANCY.
4	Can't beat the prices. I only wished these places used real white meat chicken breast. For under $7 I got a side salad and a full meal, and I left feeling satisfied. My friends got the garlic chicken and they felt a little skimped on their plates. Their portions were definitely smaller. I got the chicken chow mein and it was pretty delish.
5	We ordered Lemon grass pork and Penang curry chicken lunch specials at #2 spicy. Delicious
5	I love this place. The staff is always friendly. Prices are great and the portions are good. I love the yellow tofu curry. I've also ordered half a tray of chicken Pad Thai and took it to work and everyone loved it! The sticky rice dessert is really good and their Thai tea is amazing! Always look forward to coming here.
2	today was not as good as usual. I have given up on this inconsistent restaurant.
4	Great pad see ew and pleasant service
5	Yellow curry and Pad thai is my all time favorite and you cant beat their lunch specials. and the girls in there are always friendly.
2	Boring lunch specials and I was not impressed with their Pad See ew its so close to my work but I will not be returning.
5	This place was great - you just gotta know what you're going in for.  It's definitely a hole-in-the-wall Thai joint, but with that comes some authenticity.  You can feel that the place is run by real Thai people and you're gonna get real Thai food.  The decor of the dining room is slightly indicative of what you might actually find in Thailand.  Not so romantic, but legit.  Food was tasty, we got Green Curry and Pineapple Fried Rice.  The Pineapple Fried Rice is hard to find, it's the kind cooked with curry powder.  The staff was kind, gentle, and almost shy, but more than happy to attend to any requests.  It's a nice change of pace, I'll be back here soon - Thumbs UP!
1	Food takes way to long. Decorations okay but not the best. Took 30 minutes to get 1 order of Pad Thai out. Server barely noticed us. All in all service was horrible and I would never come back.
4	Food is amazing and the staff is very friendly.
5	Very good second time this week. Food is excellent,  fast and friendly service. Good portions, good prices. Very clean place, I eat Thai food all the time this is one of my favorite places now. Be sure to check it out, you will not be disappointed.
5	Place is quiet and super clean and very nice server . Food was delicious and very reasonable prices compared to the food on the strip!! I will come again!
1	Very rude service, I genuinely felt I that wasn't wanted here.The waitress barely said more than 7 words to me, "Know what you want?" and "Take a seat."The food was okay. I got the lunch special; the waitress dropped a bowl of soup on my table without saying what it was. No spoon. No refills.Too many better places to go in this area to waste a visit here, especially with the award winning Carlito's Burritos across the street.Oh, and I got food poisoning too.
5	Coming in I saw a mixed result of reviews. After coming here many times I can't seem to find the negative side of this place. This place has amazing food and service. I've been coming here many times now and they consistently make my food in an efficient manner and usually when they're busy they'll take a little longer, but that's expected for any restaurant. The food is high quality for the price you pay. I really love their basil dishes as well as their tom kha. They have certainly earned themselves a loyal customer.
4	This Thai restaurant is now my best kept secret for great Thai food. Don't be fooled by the outside, once inside it has a warm feeling and very clean. The tastes of the foods which we ordered quite a few were amazing. Especially the attention to detail. "A must try for Thai".
4	The lady working this evening was exceptionally friendly. A very warm greeting, big smile and very pleasant throughout.The yellow curry with beef was outstanding! The pad kee mow had great flavor but was a little on the hot side for "medium spicy." The tom kha soup was very good as well.The only mistake was leaving out the white rice to go with the curry. I'd ordered brown rice as a side and she may have misunderstood thinking I wanted it for the curry so not too big of a deal in the grand scheme of things.All in all we were very happy and we will be returning.
5	I became a regular here because of their amazing orange chicken! The best Orange Chicken I have ever had in my life. I have since then tried several other plates and have always been pleased. There is a chicken soup I am obsessed with, not sure what its called but, I will be a forever customer!
