4	Well, Squid, I gotta tell yuh... this CVS must have really changed a lot after you were there!I too got upset with Walgreen's.  That's why I came here.  I'd prefer to do business with a local pharmacy, but I want a Pharmacist available 24/7 (it's just a Psycho-Ceramic thing (for the uninitiated Psycho-Ceramic means I'm a Crack Pot)).This store isn't as nice as doing business with a local, but the people are friendly, and there's merchandise on the shelves, and the folks here know where it is every time I ask.So, all-in-all, for a national chain, it's quite good.
5	Center of Phoenix Proper!  Open 24 hrs!  Kinda makes you want to be sick just to go there and scoot through the Drive-Through!For me, it is extremely user friendly due to several things: Terrific location, great parking, 24 hour pharmacy (that means open-round-the-clock-----lol), and for me personally, a decent selection of candy!!!  Yea! (My Achilles heel)...  The business is kept clean, well lit, and their prices are moderate for most personal care items.  You won't wait long in the check-out area, and there's lots of stuff to look at so that they get the spending hook into you....Just stepping outside, your blood pressure drops five points because you no longer have the shaving creme, nail files, or magazines all screaming at you---saying "Did you forget something?!"Over-all, this CVS does what it is intended to do---they are available, clean, and centrally located to get your fix of meds and stuff!The "Best-of-Health To Ya!"PS. They have a frequent buyers bonus program to help give you discounts for buying there over time...
1	My words in this review will most likely not convey my disappointment with this establishment.  However, I will try my best.  I dropped off a prescription Tuesday evening.  I pulled up to the drive-thru and waited at the window for over 5 minutes without being acknowledged.  Not a "hi, we'll be right with you" Nothing.  I wasn't in a hurry and understand that these places can get crazy busy so I waited this time without pressing the "Call for service" button and when I finally did, waited another several minutes before I was rudely greeted by a younger girl who looked like she would rather be doing anything at that moment besides helping me.  I then gave her the prescription and it took her another several minutes to tell me that they would have to order it and it wouldn't be available for me to pick up until that Friday!  I was a little upset that I needed my medication and would not be able to obtain it until then, but I figured what can I do, and agreed to be there Friday to pick it up.  Upon arriving Friday after work, I was in a hurry to get home and figured they had plenty of time to get it good and ready for me by Friday afternoon and assumed it wouldn't take more than a couple minutes.  First off, they only had one of what I had been expecting three of, THEN they wanted to charge me over 80 dollars for something that has always cost me 10.  I said that there must be some mistake and the "kid" behind the counter said he didn't know what to tell me except this is what they are supposed to charge according to my insurance company.  So I left, extremely upset, without my medication.  Then I called my Insurance company and I was told that CVS was wrong and I was only supposed to pay the 10 dollars as usual.  When I went back, I was prepared to sit and wait as long as it took in order to get my medication at the price I was supposed to be charged.  I ended up spending over an hour in the CVS this time until they finally figured out they were wrong.  I ended up leaving that day with my medication which I paid the amount expected from the beginning and left with a smile on my face and at no time was rude to the "less than educated" workers behind the counter because while I waited for them to fix their mix up, there were several customers who were presented with similar situations, all of which were not nice to the staff.  This however is no excuse for them to be little punks and not give a crap about people, this is our health we're talking about and it should not be dealt with by a bunch of dumb dumbs...  I will most likely be going elsewhere next time I need a prescription filled.
2	i dropped off a script and waited and waited and waited, all for some needles and syringes.  Hmm nothing to combine, no insurance to bill just pick up and put in plastic bag.  After 15 minutes, I finally tell the pharmacist to call me as I had an appointment to go to.  Then I get a call its ready 30 minutes later.  Really 45 minutes for 12 needles and syringes?  The staff was not friendly, I may not switch to this to my favorite neighborhood pharmacy after all.
1	Avoid this pharmacy especially if you are on any critical medications and can't risk errors and/or long delays in getting your prescriptions refilled. CVS seemed like a safe option after my insurance plan and Walgreen's parted company, but has proven to be anything but. It has now taken seven different attempts to get a simple prescription refill, one that was easily filled correctly the first time at Walgreen's with no issues. CVS has said it was ready when it wasn't; filled it with less medication than the prescription specifies; argued over what the prescription calls for;  told me on one visit that it was not covered in my plan without even checking; finally recognized they had not done it correctly and said they would; notified me it was ready to pick up and then called back to say oops, they needed more time to get the rest of it in; notified me that the new version was ready for pick up only to give me the old, incorrect version and  then go to the back to find the newer version of it, which I purchased, only to find they had gotten closer to being correct but had once again shorted me on the medication. I have cancer, and the time and energy it has taken to deal with this one prescription has been very wearing. Fortunately this is not a life-saving medication, but if a simple prescription is handled this badly I would not trust the people working at this pharmacy to handle a complex one. Additionally, the majority of the individuals that I have encountered have been rude and curt, with no real interest in serving the customer.
3	After hearing about the heat and not wanting to burn baby burn, I headed to CVS to stock up on my sunscreen. I really like to sunbathe and don't want to risk being unprepared. I upped the level to 30 SPF to deal with the 100-110 degree days that I spent in Phoenix. I would have brought it from home, but TSA prevents you from carrying containers larger than 3 oz. and aerosal cans in your carry-on bag. Fortunately there seems to be a CVS in every city I go.
1	So slow. One cashier and 5 customers!!!!!
2	The pharmacy here used to be amazing, but in the last six months they've screwed up my medications so often I had to get their corporate offices involved to fix my billing and get the right meds. I've moved on.
1	The pharmacy here is the WORST!  In the last several months the service has gone down the tubes.  Routinely get the wrong medicine (and sit in the store for 10 minutes and listen to how many others this happens to)!!  Service is the worst too!
3	This CVS is relatively close to home and other shopping, so it's convenient in that regard. You have your standard CVS stuff: cards, toiletries, light groceries, drinks, makeup, a photo processing area, magazines, toys, and a pharmacy. This location has a drive-up pharmacy. Parking can be tough due to the busy shopping area it's in, and panhandlers are a near-constant presence by the entrance.
3	This CVS is open 24 hours a day. The pharmacy is quick in getting your prescription ready within 15 minutes. I only use this when my hospital's pharmacy is closed on the weekends.
1	Open 24 hours - only thing that rates a star; pharmacists lack customer service, time management, and efficiency skills
1	Worst pharmacy service ever! Messed up my prescription several times this year already.
1	I hate this CVS with a passion. There are always people hanging outside begging for money. Sometimes, CVS allows these fundraiser groups to hang outside their door and ask you for money on your way in/out. I normally wouldn't care, but I'm not handing cash to a cheerleader to go to camp when there are children dying of cancer that could use the money more. Just saying. Anyway, back to the panhandlers. About a year ago, I was coming out of this CVS and heading to the bus stop. As I turned the corner, a guy approached me asking for money and before i could answer, he pulled out a knife. Luckily, I was able to run to the bus stop and the bus came right then. I was pretty shaken up because it was summertime and nobody was really around in that area (it was by the drive thru pharmacy). That evening, I decided to call the store and ask to speak to a manager to address their issues with people begging for money. Not only did I get an attitude, but the lady from the description of the guy that I gave her, seemed to know exactly who this person was (described him as a regular customer). She defended him by saying that it didn't sound like something he'd do. Um, excuse me? I was able to give her the exact time according to her that he is around CVS, a description, etc. Why would I lie about this? So a simple task like keeping panhandlers away was proven to be too difficult for CVS to handle and their managers could care less about their customers.
3	I am picking up scripts all the time and this pharmacy is decent. Not the best but not as bad as some that I have been to. The people are nice. The only thing I would say negative about this location is that they tend to be under staffed.
1	I am running out of CVS pharmacies to get my prescriptions correct.  I went in early yesterday with a prescription for medicine that had to be ordered from God-knows-where, and was assured that I would be able to pick it up today.  Well, my prescription sat there for 24 hours before anyone got around to placing the order. Because it is Friday now, the medicine will not arrive until Monday.  I need my medicine and nobody seems to care. Thanks, whatever your name is, for your cluelessness. One week later I have finally been advised that THIS DRUG STORE CANNOT GET MY MEDICINE, and they told me to look elsewhere.  Can you imagine having a pharmacy that does not stock/cannot get the medication you need?  I am sick to death of CVS...good f%^&*#@ bye!!!!
2	I like this CVS because it's close to home and open 24 hours. The store itself is alright. I like that they sell booze, most of which is less expensive than Total Wine across the parking lot. The cashiers can be slow but they are usually nice. The problem with this CVS is the pharmacy. They are a little clueless and some techs are just rude. About a month ago I filled a script there and they said it would take an hour. I needed this script ASAP so I killed time in the area. An hour later it wasn't ready. I'd say I waited a little over two hours for this medicine and then when it was finally ready the pharmacist wanted to 'go over it with me' even though I had taken it before. Yeah right.  He told me I need to get off this med ASAP because it is probably one of the worst ones out there. Excuse me? Are you my doctor? No. MInd your own business. Your only job here is to fill my script and tell me how to properly take it, not tell me your opinion. My doctor gave me this for a reason! I was extremely upset at this point and just left. I called a few days later and spoke to the store manager who I believe is named Jason. He took down my name and number and said the district manager was going to call me. This was a couple weeks ago and I've heard nothing. I really hope this pharmacist is not saying these type of things to other customers. This was so incredibly unprofessional and off putting. (I don't remember his name but he has a hook for a hand). If anybody has had a similar experience with this man please call the store manager and let them know! This is not okay!!
1	CVS is pretty standard, right? Pharmacy, overpriced beauty section (but you sure avoid going to Ulta if you can find what you're looking for there), great sales--on booze, on food, stationery, games--whatever. When I lived across the street, I used to come here at night when I was bored and it wasn't busy. Now, though, there are new employees and unfair practices. On more than one occasion, the employees have held sale items for themselves behind the counter. Today, there were no Connect Four on the shelf, but there was one in the cart behind the counter. When the manager was asked about it, she shrugged and pointed at another employee. I've worked in retail before, and this goes against most store policies. So, the next time you get a CVS flyer, remember that if it's okay for the employees to shop the sales for themselves here--then it might be happening all over the place. And if they can put one item behind the counter for themselves, then they can put a lot more for their friends. Prepare to be disappointed. Make the extra trip and hit up Wal-Mart.
1	Very frustrating experience.I came here to get my passport photo done. I walked up to the counter that had a giant overhead sign that said, "PHOTO" on it. I waited for 10 minutes as I watched cashiers and the manager chit-chatting behind the counter. I kept smiling, but they just looked away. Talking about whatever they did over the weekend was much more important. Finally, I had to say, "Excuse me?!" rather loudly because of the volume of their conversation. The manager turned my way and said, "Oh! Has anyone helped you?".Fast-forward a couple minutes. The manager didn't know how to properly take the photo. She didn't tell me when she was taking it, and when I requested to see the photos she said, "Oh. I already printed one." She made me wait then gave them to me, told me to go to the cashier's counter, and walked off.My photo looks incredibly pissed off. Hopefully the consulate won't reject my Visa based on how angry I look, haha.Overall, annoying experience. I won't be using this CVS Pharmacy again (unless, of course, there is an apocalypse).
4	Got a cough or a cold. Sniffles taking the best of you. This CVS location is more than your typical drug store. A drive thru pharmacy is located in the back. Along with a healthcare clinic to help you when in need. Stressful day at the job or need some pick me up there is a small liquor isle. Don't forget to pull out your CVS card to save more.
