1	Wow, I'm reviewing a strip club...A friend of ours made us go to the Velvet Lion since he was hooking us up with a party bus for pretty much the weekend.  The club itself is nice.  It has a nice decor and it's clean with comfy long sofas.This is so mean but the girls are not attractive whatsoever, especially for a Saturday night.  When we walked in the door, the girl on the main stage looked like she was 5 months pregnant, her belly was so big.  The girl after her was so skinny, in a not cute way.  I'm not hating.  Even the guys in our group were like eww.  And the fell on the stage and ate sh*t.  My friend did get a lap dance from a girl with really nice long legs.  And we also chatted with this girl that had a great, athletic body.  Most athletic body I've ever seen on a stripper in my life (not that I've seen that many strippers).  I absolutely wouldn't go here again unless I absolutely had to i.e. used the limo service to go somewhere else and had to stop by Velvet Lion as justification.
4	Ok so yeah its a strip club but it has so much more to offer then there girls. I went on Monday night witch is Stripper Karioke night.. Well what can i say it was a riot. I also went to there St Patrick day event Midget wrestling.. Omg so much fun Midgets, Liquor and strippers good times in Vegas dont get better then that
3	I came here St. Paddy's day, 2010 and had a great time particularly because of the midget wresting event they had going on here. Talk about objectification. I actually felt a little bad about watching this... but it was ooooh so fun.The room was standard strip club decor. Plush couches, cocktail tables and a glimmer of shiny things in a room that's lit like a night club dotted with pretty girls.We had our favorite dancers and one that did not impress at all because her attitude was just boring. I have to say, I'm pretty jaded with strip joints because I'm not made of money and I see just as much skin at a night club these days.If they have midget wrestling again, I'd come back. But I'd just as easily go to another club that had midget wrestling too.
3	2.75 stars....Came here on the 1st night of my bachelor party weekend, got in for free due to knowing someone that use to work there so that was a good start. I would not pay the cover charge here. We got 2 bottles of vodka (one Skyy and one Grey Goose) had to pay 300 for them both, a little cheaper then other strip clubs but not by much.They had about 6 or 7 girls working on a Friday night what the hell is up with that. Some of the ladies were looking, um how do I say this, BEAT so I had to make a mental note to steer clear of them once those bottles started disappearing. I mean some of the other girls were good looking are real fun to hang out with.I actually had a real good time in here, the only reason I'm giving them 2.75 stars is because for some reason ( probably due to alcohol )we decided to go back the next night after the Spearmint Rhino, and they tried to charge us $50 bucks to get in and said they only had 3 girls working. So we did not go back in there. I would def go back if the same attractive ladies are working and we don't have a crazy cover to get in.
2	Apparently closed now -- or reopening as a different club.But when it was open, Velvet Lion was more remarkable for what it could have been than what is was.  The space was intimate and fun and could have been a great strip club -- intimate and dark with televisions around the bar for sports and a good view of the stage.Instead, the club was empty most nights and the dancers just weren't that attractive.  Everywhere you turned, the space suggested how amazing the club could be with better promotion and better talent.  Moot point now that it's closed it's doors.
