2	I like it!  I came here to pick up lunch on the recommendation of a colleague and it didn't disappoint.  The lunch menu is limited - insofar that you pretty much come to get the lunch special.  Today was garlic chicken with a side of rice and it was the perfect portion.  What was best though was how fresh the vegetables were... unlike Tin Tin that is downstairs.  These vegetables still had life in 'em.  The broccoli was hard to stab with my plastic fork, the mushrooms kept their shape, and the peppers crunched in my mouth.  At $5.40 (total) for the lunch special, I cannot complain much.  I'll probably be making this a regular spot of mine.Bit of advice for store owners, I'd cut down on all the bags, napkins, papers, menus, forks, sauces that come with the lunch special... those are gonna cost ya in the long run...dmo out!(downgraded rating after my second posting)
2	This is the second time that I have tried this place, I really want to like it.....but there are some flaws. The first time I tried it, I ordered chicken pad thai, and what came out was quite disappointing. Way too many large pieces of onion and totally bland, I actually had to ask them to bring the seasoning and sauce that they use because there was literally no taste to it. It was not at all authentic.This time I ordered their daily lunch special, orange glazed chicken and a spring roll. I really think that a spring roll or egg roll should be included with the lunch options, it should not be $1.50 more for a tiny spring roll. The portion size of the chicken was ridiculously small, I think I gulped it down in 5 minutes! At other chinese places I go to, their lunch portions are about double what I received. I will say that the quality of the meat and the flavor of the sauce was great...but speaking of the sauce, there could definitely have been more of it. The final thing that annoyed me was that despite their sign saying they took American Express, in fact, they did not.
1	Shame on them.I was feelin' them for the well-priced $4.99 lunch special... but NOW they require that you buy a soft drink bringing the total over $7.  It kind of takes the fun out of being able to find a great lunch deal and just lumps it in with all the other lunch places.   Given also that Chinese food is incredibly cost-efficient to make, it's a shame.  They should have cut costs with all the extra stuff they provide you with - designed ornate lunch paper bag, special containers for the food, etc.I still stand behind my initial recommendation of their actual cooking, but do not like their way of doing business.  Advertise the $7 Lunch Not-So-Special and see how that works out. dmo out.
3	the complaints with the portion and price are right. i think this place is no different than any of the other chinese restaurants uptown for quality and taste though. maybe its because they are paying for the location. who knows
2	Rule of Thumb: Don't call the name of your restaurant by the dish you make the worst.I've watched how the number of this restaurant's clients has dwindled since the opening a couple of months ago. In fact, a few red flags were raised in my mind when I realized I was the only one in the restaurant at a peak lunch hour one weekday. When I break it down, the problem here is three-fold.To begin with, it probably has the most uninviting entrance I've seen in a long while. In both instances that I've visited, I felt as if I was going into an illegal establishment where illicit substances are manufactured and sold to the masses. The stairs leading up to the restaurant are creaky and narrow, with antiquated walls and run-down surroundings. The only identifier of where the restaurant is, is by the banal sign that stands outside the door, which from time to time, gets blown down by the mighty gusts of Charlotte's southern winds!Secondly, its conveniently (or not-so conveniently) set up right next to a place that also produces Asian delights 7 times faster, cheaper, and arguably more delicious (Tin Tin  Box Noodles). Additionally, they've been around for far longer than Rice Inc. has. To any outsider, it's almost like you've created that barrier to entry for yourself. Lastly, the food here needs an entire revamp. At no point will any client walk in and say, "wow that was really good! I'll be sure to come here again" because it tastes and looks like a watered down version of the same Asian food that "Simply Asia" sells in your local supermarket. There's no differentiating factor, save for the portion size.... which is actually tiny (so that negates the attempt at cost leadership). To top it all off, the RICE does not do justice to Asian Culture!!!!! My ancestors lived off of that stuff for centuries! I'm certain they would scoff at the dry, clumped up grains called rice here. In short, every menu item here is a standard and generic form of short-cut Asian (Chinese? Thai?) food and it shows from whatever viewpoint you're looking at it. What a shame!2/5
