4	Okay, in interest of full disclosure, I literally live around the corner and across the street from Tops Liqour and have been waiting forever for this place to open. The anticipation is so high and...it did not dissapoint. I'm more of a beer guy and wow, they have some great stuff on tape. A dark porter from Stone brewery is out of this world, a really hoppy beer that tasts like Four Peak's Hop Knot but even better, and a number of other beers I ahve not made my way through yet.The wine selection, though I doubt I will ever make it past the beer to ever really get into that area, seems well rounded. A little something for everyone and as others have mentioned, you can have a taste before you buy. If you are a real vino specialist you can even go into the store area and choose from a huge mix of wines and simply pay a reasonable cork fee to drink it there.As for food, they admit they are working on that one. I've head the artichoke dip and my only comment is....don't dice up the artichokes so much, and maybe put some mayo into the mix. When it cools it gets pretty glue like though the taste is good. I've been told they plan to off Bruschetta as well in a few weeks, which will be a nice addition. If you really need something hot you can order take out from either the Thai place or the Pizza place in the shopping center and bring it in (they told me so).Finally, as of today, I believe they have a lass from Scotland starting so you even have a bar person with a charming foreign accent to provide the approriate atmosphere. For those in college, a great place to move away from cheap beer pictures into a classier bar experience, rignt next to all those crazy college bars. Okay, I'm off to see what they have on tap tonight and then maybe over to MadCap Theatres to see the worst movie ever made - The Room!
5	I've always said that Tempe needed a beer and wine bar. We needed something to fill the gap between grand dives like The PV and the fancier bars and restaurants like House of Tricks. For a while I even thought about opening one myself (yeah right).  But when I heard that Tops Liquor was opening their own beer and wine bar I was thrilled because if anybody in town could do it right it's the folks at Tops. Tops Liquor has been a favorite in town for as long as I've lived here.Taste of Tops is directly connected to Tops Liquor through a common hallway. As you would expect the selection of beers is phenomenal. And if there is something you don't see in the bar they will happily walk next door and grab whatever you were looking for. Honestly, I don't understand anything less than a 5 star review. Maybe I'm overly enthusiastic but if you want a chill atmosphere and a fantastic beer and wine selection this place is spot on.
5	I love me some Top's, and so of course I love me this bar just as much. Perhaps too much, but that's a discussion between me and my liver, thankyouverymuch. Anyway, Taste of Top's has a really well-chosen selection of beer on tap and wine by the glass, all reasonably priced, and all connected to Tempe's friendliest, funkiest, best-stocked liquor store, where you can ask for pretty much any bottle you'd like. It's also got sweet bartenders who don't mind if you bring your Thai food or pizza in while you drink. Who don't give your friend a hard time when she gets wasted and breaks a glass. Who remember you a few days later when you're buying a sixer next door, even though they've only been open a couple weeks. Who generally have a good attitude and an even better pouring hand. Typical Tempe neighborhood crowd, minus the dipshits, douchetards and assorted skanks of Mill Ave. Minus the trying-too-hard hipster scum who congregate around Casey's pretending to be too good for said douchtetards and skanks before paying their bar tabs with their parents' credit card and tottering off on a fixed-gear bike they don't even know how to ride as well.Thank fucking god.Scratch that. Thank fucking Top's. Tasty, tasty, tasty Top's.
4	A really nice addition to Tempe.  I have only been here once, but am happy to report I really like it!  Very good selection of beers and especially a good selection on tap.  I had a Dogfishead Pumkin Ale and a Duvel.  They eventually dimmed the lights, which gave it an even better atmosphere in my book.  If I could change a couple of things about this bar it would be 1)  Curtains or something on the windows.  I don't want to see people on the sidewalk and street traffic / a parking lot.  It would make the place even cozier.  2)  Block out the ungodly bright light above the back exit door.  I'm sure it's due to a code, but there has to be some way to hide it in the design.  Otherwise, a very pleasant place to drink some good beer!
4	I grew up in Las Vegas. I was not introduced to the concept of "Last Call" until I moved to Ohio at 17 years old. It was a huge shock. I couldn't believe other people had the right to tell me when I could or couldn't purchase delicious alcoholic beverages. Despite the fact that I was 17 years old and I was therefore legally forbidden to buy alcoholic beverages for at least another 3 years, this "Last Call" business really chapped me.I'm typically not ready to end the night just because Mr. Last Call wants to be a party pooper and rear his ugly head. I usually plan for this likely event beforehand, but I'm not going to say I'm a stranger to jumping in a cab at 1:50 screaming at the driver with the urgency some may reserve for labor pains that I need a liquor store PRONTO! This leads to me overpaying for the cab, overpaying for liquor, and generally overtesting my patience because apparently to some cab drivers "PRONTO" means "Drive Safely and Obey all Posted Speed Limits". Pussies.This, my friends, is where the beauty of a liquor store with a built-in bar comes in. This way, when last call comes around, I merely need to mosey on down the hall to make my after-hours selection, and patiently ask my cab driver to take me to the destination of my choice. Everybody wins!The bar has a great selection of beers on draft. On our last visit, which just happened to be Halloween night, there was not one but TWO different Pumpkin drafts. The ever popular Four Peaks Pumpkin Porter, and another one which I don't quite remember the name of, but it tasted like pumpkin pie in a pint glass. I was tempted to ask for whipped cream. We experimented with several different beverages throughout the course of the night. I awoke the next morning to find a note written to myself in my phone that merely said:los abbey angel share is the most delciousber of allll timeAs you can clearly read, Lost Abbey Angel's Share is the most delicious beer of all time. They serve it here, for $13 a glass. It's totally worth it though. It's extremely strong and tastes like a combination of chocolate and jesus. Another win-win.I'll definitely be back to Taste of Tops. Cab drivers everywhere rejoice.
4	It turns out, I'd heard of Taste of Tops months ago, but I had assumed that my friend was referring to his own mixed selection from Tops liquor store.  This friend has a nickname for everything -- he calls his Tupperware "Tuppies", he calls single cigarettes "Loosies".  I should have known that Taste of Tops was not a creation from his imagination when it didn't end in "-ies".  Alas, I was a fool, but I love their eclectic and rotating tap selection as well as their bottles and their strange exhaust system that occasionally billows in pizza aromas from the place next door.  Another treasure in the stripmall matrix that is metroPhoenix.
5	I must admit that I was skeptical when I heard that Tops Liquor Store (which seems to always have a homeless man getting arrested outside its front door) had opened up a bar next door. I envisioned a room with long, flickering, florescent lights, plastic-tiled floors and tables and chairs fashioned out of stacked up 30 rack boxes. What an awesome surprise! Not only is Taste of Tops surprisingly nice inside, but the beer selection is incredible. They have beer on tap that's hard to find even in bottles and their fridge selection warrants excessive drooling (and drinking). Hooray for finally having a bar nearby where the beer actually tastes good (eh hem...Casey's).
4	Taste of Tops just didn't feel like Tempe...in a good way...My dad had cut out an article in the paper about Taste of Tops and suggested I go there when I got a chance (we both appreciate a good glass of beer).  The place is nestled in the conglomeration of shops that makes up this particular stretch of University Ave...Thai Basil...Tops Liquor...antique store...bike store...But somehow, when you enter the doors of Taste of Tops, you are transported to another place: there are people in jackets here, people who I didn't recognize (which to be honest, after years of living in Tempe, is a relief sometimes)--was it somehow colder just at this establishment's address?  It is the end of November and still disgustingly warm in the Valley of the Sun...anyway....this place just had a good vibe. Its not huge, but its not cramped.  A big group took up the back section of booth the whole time we were there, having a great time.  The music was eclectic without being distracting.  The beer was good (and the bar staff will give you big tastes if you want to just try one before ordering), wide wide selection and not crazy expensive.  I had wanted to try something to eat but we didn't find a menu readily available and had just eaten dinner, so were not hungry enough to ask.The servers are really nice, and even made rounds for refills (even on water) as the night wore on.I wanted to take home and sample every bottle in the fridge in back--there were some really unique ones in there.
4	Anyone who's anyone in Tempe knows that Tops Liquor is the go-to local liquor store, ready to fulfill your every alcoholic desire. Naturally, its spawn-child of a bar, cleverly named "Taste of Tops" would be just as precious. Right? Right. Taste of Tops has a simple, unpretentious vibe, and is a fresh addition to the businesses in this part of town. This is a beer drinker's paradise for sure, with a consistent selection of good brews on tap. There is always something new and interesting to try (and samples are happily offered). The wine list is straightforward and well-crafted, featuring inexpensive, "more bang for your buck" selections. As for the beer selection, you want it - they got it.I can't wait to make this place a regular hangout.
4	I checked this place out after receiving a tip from a co-worker that Tops Liquor had opened a bar/lounge area adjacent to the store. It sounded cool and I was not disappointed. It's a cute and cozy little lounge with a long narrow bar and a handful of tables. It was a Saturday night and we didn't have trouble finding a table around 9, although it started to fill up as the night went on. It never ended up feeling too crowded though.Due to its proximity to the liquor store they have an amazing selection of beers - not only on tap, but in the fridge where you can pick out your own bottle. They have a decent wine list, but you also have the convenience of popping in next door to pick any bottle of wine and have them open it at the bar for a corking fee. This is definitely a great and cheaper way to enjoy wine at a bar. Prices overall are pretty decent, especially considering the types of beers and they have a small noshing menu w/ cheese, hummus and the like. The bartender also told us we were welcome to bring in food from any of the surrounding restaurants in the plaza, such as Thai Basil - that's pretty cool.Overall this is a great place to meet up with a couple of friends for some drinks in a cool, comfortable atmosphere.
4	My local and favorite liquor store now has its own bar!The beer and wine selection is constantly rotating to give patrons a sample and possibly some new options that they may have never tried before.  In addition to the rotating taps and bottles, there are hundreds of bottles of beer available in massive glass coolers that are staples at Tops Liquors.  The bar is not very large, but has very high ceilings with dim lighting and a very comfy feel to it.It serves as a unique option since you never know what might be on tap and what might go on tap next.  I haven't seen too many wines that have caught my eye to sample, but there is always a few beers that I either like or have not tried before.
4	If a place has more than 2 varieties of german beer, I'll be glad and smiling. This place doesn't look like a cozy little bar, with good decoration inside, you can't imagine the variety of beers they carry. Attention is really good. A good place to scape and enjoy a tasty beer.
5	Great beer selection at affordable prices! New beers on tap every week. Nice atmosphere. Weird furry bartender on crutches is great for a laugh!
5	This place rules! It's just great BEER, WINE, and CHEESE ... plus now they have a cozy COUCH for cuddling, and it draws a diverse CROWD. Five stars for my  five favorite things.
4	I have been to Taste of Tops about a half dozen times because it is a pretty neat place and close to my house.My wife and I went last night (Wednesday) with some friends at about 6pm and the place was pretty crowded.  I really don't like the place when it is crowded.  Thankfully the 2 couches they have were empty because I strongly prefer having a drink on a couch rather than at a regular table or on a bar stool.  Anyway, we took our seats and had a wine tasting which was their 'special' thing that evening.  4 pretty good pours for $5, not bad.  The wine selection was random but whatever.My wife and I usually go there every once in a while for their beer.  They normally have 10ish interesting beers on tap and have new ones all the time.  We sit on the couch, chit chat, have a few beers and that is that.  The service is always pretty good and they all are encyclopedias of beer/wine/liquor knowledge.  I have yet to try any of their limited snack menu but I probably will soon.  They have 3 or 4 simple things that don't look to bad.I just hate it when the place gets crowded.  It gets too loud and you have to yell to talk and struggle to listen to what others are saying.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but it certainly doesn't help that they play music louder than they should.  I think they should stick to a nice chill bar/lounge vibe.  I also think they should just stick to serving beer.
3	Ahhhh Taste of Tops.  I remember when I heard about this place opening I was like, "Oh, my god.  I'm never gonna leave.  I'm gonna spend upwards of five thousand dollars a year at this place.  Tops is the shit so if they're opening a beer and wine bar it's going to be nothing short of epic."And the bar is good.  I do enjoy it when I go out, but I don't go there nearly as much as I imagined I would.  I've been a handful of times, somewhere around 5-10 times and have usually had a good time there.  So, why only 3 stars?  I don't know.  It's cramped, relatively expensive for my neighborhood bar and the tables are just too close to each other.  I always end up sitting hip to hip next to someone I don't know and it's just a little awkward.  Sometimes the couches are all filled up with really loud, obnoxious people who go, "Whooooh!" a lot.  Whooh is an expression that in certain situations will drive me nuts.  It's like when bulls get pissed from seeing the color red.  It's like that, but I'm not as badass or fierce as a ball, I'm more like a fat kid who goes, Quuuiiiit iiiit!The best time to come here is when it's relaxed and there's only a few people.  On the few occasions I've come in when it's subdued and the bartender is wanting to shoot the shit with you, it's a really fantastic, great place.  Get yourself a beer on tap or champagne in a can and soak it all in.I'm still a fan of the place, I like it, I just wish it were bigger.  I wish it had more sparkles too.  I dunno, sparkly things around the bar seems fitting.  Like a shiny thing-a-ma-jig hanging up somewhere.  That's not entirely necessary, but it would be awesome to have.But hey, at least Taste of Tops, their refrigerated beer isn't piss warm like the liquor store itself :-D
3	I like this place...I don't love it, but I like it. I've only been a couple times and was super excited (much like other reviewers) for it to open since I pretty much visit Tops and mix and match a 6-pack of beer once every week or two. The beers on tap are on the pricier side, provided they are a high quality selection. Back towards the bathrooms there is a refrigerator section of bottled beers that are more in the $3.00 range so this provides a more economical alternative to the beers on tap (usually running more about $6.00). The wine list changes monthly (huge plus) and glasses of leftover wine from the wine list the month prior is available for 1/2 off (another huge plus). I love the artwork which has been different on the two occasions I went in there. I always wonder if anyone purchases the artwork that is displayed at bars like this or restaurants like Pita Jungle. Cool idea though and a great way for artists to have their stuff displayed to a wide variety of people. I'm not a huge fan of the seating and tables at Tops. The bar seating is fine but there just needs to be more of an inviting atmosphere and layout. Right now its all just kind of basic, and I want some OOMPH to draw me in and keep me coming back for more!!! Also, the appetizers could be improved upon. I've tried the baby brie plate and wasn't blown away.
5	MENUThey only have a very small menu of appetizers but they're actually pretty tasty.  I love the brie and the spinach dip and am not quite sure how they manage to do it without a real kitchen.  They also allow you to order in from Thai Basil or Tessio's Pizza in their complex.  I recommend both.  Although, please don't get double Thai spicy and drink beer with it.  It's a bad idea.  Trust me.  THE BEERUh-mazing variety.  They have a cooler with all the beers they sell and about 8 beers that rotate on tap, including a good variety of 10%'ers.  They regularly stock Rogues, Lagunitas, Left Hand, and Sierra Nevada's more obtuse varieties among lots of other craft beers.  They do a good job of keeping the tap full of very different-tasting beers and keeping my palate in rotation.  Yum.  Rarely dislike their tap choices.CLEANLINESS/OVERALL QUALITYNew, clean, cute.SERVICEI love the bartenders here.  They're all attentive and great at their jobs and never get irked when you want to taste something.  Plus, if you order at the bar, they'll still bring it out to you at a table.  ATMOSPHERESort of bare bones wine bar atmosphere BUT always stocked with great art.  They have a new artist every month and I'm almost always into them.
4	OK, this is a beer and wine bar/tasting room connected to Tops Liquor Store in Tempe AZ. Let me begin by saying that their beer selection is second to none, after all, they are connected to what might be the coolest indie liquor store in the entire state. The beers constantly rotate and there is always something new to try. There is a bit of nosh, including a cheese plate that paired well with the local beer I was drinking and a great mix of people. This is by no means a restaurant, it's more like a gathering place for those who truly enjoy quality beer and the kind of atmosphere that seems to follow. This could easily be 5 Stars, but the service can occasionally leave you cold. This is a MUST try for beer lovers looking for the unexpected. Cheers!
4	The best thing about this place is that it has a connection to the liquor store. So you can stop by taste of Tops and have a couple of beers then head over to the liquor store and pick up some brews to take home. They have a few taps that are constantly rotating. Pints here are a little pricey but they do have a good selection.
4	Killer beer selection.
5	I planned to attand an event in Scottsdale at 6, but the problem is I get off work at 3. What to do to kill time? I wanted to find a nearby bar or restaurant to spend a couple of hours. Taste of Tops was recommended me, and having never been there I sought advice from the Yelp Mobile Duke of the Taste of Tops. George L. recommended that I partake in the Stone Saison du Buff that Tops currently has on tap. Saison du BUFF is a joint venture between Dogfish Head Craft Brewery, Stone Brewing Co., and Victory Brewing.  The BUFF comes from the acronym Brewers United for Freedom of Flavor - a organization the three brewers formed in 2003, and apparently to press release information saw a last meeting held also in 2003. Freedom of Flavor was definitely achieved with this product. A 6% alchohol per volume craft beer brewed with parsley, sage, rosemary and thyme. A pale beer with great flavor and nice finish.The bar was empty (except for me and the bartender). Heavy traffic typically picks up after 8 during the weekdays and is busy on the weekends. Being there alone had its advantages - when the Dominos pizza guy dropped by and said someone cancelled their order and asked if they wanted the pizzas, who got a free slice of pepperoni? This guy! When the wine guy came by to peddle a couple of bottles of Spanish wine and a rather nasty bottle from Chile, who had a free impromtu wine tasting? This guy! To top the evening off I had a sample of mead. The sample was very sweet with a honey flavor and was excellent - I don't know if they ran out, but when I ordered a glass, I received a more hoppy variety. The bartender indicated it was one of her favorites and a new drinking partner arriving to the bar indicated he liked it as well. I found the flavor to be more of a mixture of ass and mead. Not my favorite!All in all, an excellent afternoon with a rare limited release craft beer, some free pizza and tasty mead. Thanks George for the recommendation!
4	Excellent beer selection here in this small bar with limited hours, and without the subpar service of Papago.  Same owner as Tops of course, and it is convenient to have a couple pints and then shop next door for takehome.  Nice place, just wish they were open daytime more, especially weekends.
4	This year I decided that I wanted to get more into beer. I love wine and know a lot about what I like when it comes to that, but until this year, beer was a different story. A friend of mine started introducing me to various types of beer and from then on I've made it my year's project to learn to about all the varieties of beer, and what I like, the same way I have with wine.Enter Taste of Tops. Taste of Tops is next door to Tops Liquor on University and is exactly what the name implies, it's a bar where you can taste the selection available at Tops. They only serve beer and wine to my knowledge but they have a great selection of specialty brews on tap (don't order Bud Light here.) They also have a huge variety of bottles you can grab. They have food as well, but a very small selection and I've never been very impressed with it. On the other hand, Thai Basil is right next door and they don't mind if you bring that in with you.This is a great place to start your night (they're only open till 12) and if you're into beer, or trying to learn about beer, it's a great place to try new things!
5	I have been here a million times since it opened. I am never disappointed! It is a great place to try out different quailty beers. If you are into bud light PLEASE STAY AWAY! My husband and I typically go once a week to sample the new brews on tap. We definetly have some favorites, but it is fun to try new ones too!The staff is knowledgable and super friendly. They are excellent in matching beers to your what you like. If they can't find anything in Taste they can easily go next door to Tops and continue the search.Another great thing is the bar mix that is complementary. Not many places do that anymore. Also you can bring in from Thai Basil or the pizza place next door if you want.If you have not been you need to go!
5	Best beer selection in town...the prices can get pretty high but it pays off with the buzz u get...very cool atmoaphere and relaxing....great for going in with a group and playing board games or having birthday parties...they dont have much food but they do allow you to bring in anything you want...i defenetly recomend this place.if you wanna drink good beer and have a good time with froends
5	incredible selection of rare beers and microbrews always changing. super laid-back atmosphere where you can hear your friends talk. we wanted to take a couple of bottles to go and the bartender instead brought them up to the counter next door (tops liquor) because it was cheaper to byy from them than the bar side. nice guy. good service, good atmosphere, great beer. what else do you want?
4	Build your own beer flight? Yes I think I will.for $8 you can get four 4oz tasters of any beer's on tap of the 24 they have on tap. Granted unless you get all $8 a pint beers you are not getting the full value but you do get to sample many good micro and craft brews.Inside the door is a high top table, tow couches a small bar that can seat about 12 ans several booth chair table combos. It is a small narrow place, cozy if you will. Wood paneled walls add a touch of class.There are a few fridges too for bottles of other exotic beers.From what we saw it is order at the bar style service, so some one will need to watch your seat. It is also BYO food from the Thai or pizza places next door. I enjoyed the fact the music was not too loud and the lights were no too low. It is a coffee shop of beer (and wine) I liked the style.
5	I loved this place. The people here were so knowledgable and the beers on tap were amazing. Perhaps, the best part was getting the tasters where you could choose anything you wanted to for one price. It was a great way to try beers I've never had before. Even the back cooler was filled with beers that I was surprised to see. This is the perfect place to hang out with friends and really take down some excellent beers!
4	This is definitely another Tempe gem. If you are a fan of locally made spirits then you MUST check this place out. It is adjoined to its parent liquor store Tops and the bartenders are the same people you see checking you out while picking up a six pack. This place is really special because not only does it specialize in micro/craft, local brews and wine, they have any other sort of spirit you could want! Literally there is cooler after cooler of bottled spirits that you grab and then buy, Not your normal deal but you could get lost for days in those things. Basically anything and everything they sell in the store, they have chilled next door for you enjoy. The lounge is VERY small yet comfortable. A few couches, plush love seats and coffee tables. The bar itself is pretty small.. about 10 chairs filled with local color. You should probably eat before going there since they do not serve food there... I mean there are like a hand full of some apps but nothing really tasty. I had the spinach dip once when I was starving but it was something that came from a package and then microwaved. The food there is basically a just-in-case type thing.... Tops is off the regular beaten Mill path and it has the hands down greatest beer selection for a bar in Tempe. It is great intimate lounge, not a place to see and be seen (unless if you're a super cool hipster... :) )
5	Best place to go for a pint. The revolving beers make this place fresh and new with every visit. They feature delicious craft brew, none of that yellow piss stuff college kids call beer these days. The local features are always great since you don't have to hunt all over the valley to find them. The folks behind the bar are great and laid back, offering up suggestions if you're ever stuck. The biggest bonus to this place is the fact that you can drink here anything you buy from next door, and they have a remarkable selection of already chilled bottles.Also, if you're hungry they let you bring in food from Thai Basil or the pizza place just down the way. Awesome.
4	Great brews
4	Wanna find a pack of happy beer nerds? Head on down to Taste of Tops, where their rotating drafts always feature some of the best and most eclectic beers around! If you are a true beer nerd, start chatting up the bartenders and they'll hook you up with some small samples of their favorites on tap. You will be sold! If you can't find what you're looking for in the bar, you can go into the Tops Liquor Store (attached to the bar) and the bartender will bring it over to Taste for you!The atmosphere here is small, warm, and inviting, usually packed with locals and college kids.I haven't tried the food yet... maybe one day... but let's be real, this place is about the beer!
5	Best beers on tap. If your a big fan of craft beer this the place for you.
5	this is review is on the liquor store half- five stars just due to the fact that you can create your own six pack or twelve back or whatever pack it takes you to get the buzz you are after.I love browsing and trying new beers...you can come back multiple times and never repeat the same thing if you want... I love Tops.bar connected as well with rotating draft selections- find something you love and you can buy it in the liquor store-pure f*cking genius.
4	Stopped in to Taste of Tops for quick pint while pub crawling last week w/ a few of my mates. Worth checking out as it's connected to Tops Liquor, a store long known for retailing craft beer here in AZ.  The tap selection here will always surprise you as there is always something quite unusual to partake of.  I found solace first in Modus Hoperandi, then in a truly fantastic cherry stout.  A great place for a few pints while crawling, but may not work as your ultimate evening destination as it's very quaint and tends to fill up rather quickly.  Even with a good seat at the bar, things tend to get a bit to close for comfort.  All said, this little hidden gem embraces craft beer and does it well. If I could ask for anything it would be better service and a bit more room to move.  Greg, Tops owner has been in the craft beer business here in AZ. for a long time and knows who and how to get many of those hard to finds craft brew gems. Having said so, Tops should always be on your radar, for package and great beer on tap, just get there early.
5	Unbeatable bar / non-bar for those of you have are familiar with states that can't combine on/off sale.  Selection always varies is is very good.  Sort of non-descript in its location (strip mall) but well worth a visit for what you might discover.
4	A great little bar with a selection of Gluten Free Beers! Went in there with a large group of 40+ people, staff were a bit sassy at first (I asked for a liquor drink which they don't serve - beer and wine only) but handled the large crowd really well. Prices were reasonable, and I found some new GF beers - can't go wrong, right?
5	I live RIGHT down the street and have always thought Tops was simply a liquor store until I opened my eyes and realized there was this awesome little bar attached to the side.  Its a pretty tiny and narrow space but that definitely is part of its charm.  Its simple yet comfortable.  Only serves beer and wine but some really interesting and rare kinds.  My boyfriend tried the Dark and Orange beer and that is EXACTLY what it tastes like.  Its almost strange to have a beer taste like exactly what you would expect it to.... I am not a fan of dark beers but the flavor was so intriguing that I would order it myself next time. They have wine and beer tasting all the time for fairly reasonable prices (that is my plan for next time) and a GIANT beer case in the back with all kinds of cool beers... Its like Whole Foods beer selection x 10!  .... uh there are just so many I want to try while relaxing on their comfy leather couches that I should probably go back tonight! :)
5	This place is great. There's always some interesting new beer on tap. And if youre not in the mood for something new, there's always the cases of bottles w/ your new or old fave. Ive been here when its packed to the gills and when we were the only people there- its always a good time. Plus, they let you bring food in from both Thai Basil and Tessios.Cant go wrong here.
4	We started going to Tops recently, when we moved within walking distance. I really enjoy the bar, especially on week nights, because it's usually pretty quite and comfortable. They have a great selection of beer on tap and the bartenders have always been attentive and pretty knowledgeable about their selection. It's a nice surprise to find a good bar in a downtown area crammed with dirty, crowded and poorly staffed college bars.
4	I freely admit I'm kind of a beer snob...Now that we've got that untidy tidbit out of the way, Taste of Tops is probably my favorite place to have a drink this side of the Mississippi. A readily revolving reservoir of refreshing remedies, Taste of Tops is a veritable oasis for a beer connoisseur, amateur snob, or DGAF type alike (although it DEFINITELY caters to the former two). I've struck up many a random conversation with individuals with far more knowledge than myself and it has not only expanded my interest in several types or styles of beer I would have not tried, it has also humbled me to the extent of how much one can really know about beer in general. If you're intimidated, it's OK. Step back... take a breath... pick something... and dive in.To be honest, I felt somewhat out of place the first time I sallied up to the bar. It can seem intimidating for someone who's not been in a "speakeasy" style establishment, as seating can sometimes be difficult to come by and it sometimes seems like everyone knows everyone else BUT you. It's worth the wait and the temporary sense of possible discomfort. Trust me.The biggest benefit (for me, at least) is the sheer amount of beers you can "technically" consume whilst at the establishment. For those who aren't satisfied by their constantly refreshing draft menu, you are able to inform your bartender what specific beer from any fridge they have available you'd like to consume (Taste of Tops or Tops Liquors) and after paying a monetary bottling fee, enjoy it amid friends (or enemies, if that's you're bag). Nonetheless, I appreciate the extreme variety of choice that Taste of Tops offers.They constantly have wine or beer tastings, freshly tapped kegs of relatively unknown or difficult to find stuff (HOPSLAM!!!) and a friendly staff of people who honestly appreciate, are interested in, and want to promote the craft beer community. What more could you want?
5	Finally was able to check out the actual bar area of this wonderful establishment! We had three beer samplers between the two of us because we could not make up our minds what we wanted to drink. They are super helpful here and they know their shit when it comes to beer, Chill low key vibe inside. Strictly beer, no food but people were bringing in their own stuff to eat so you can always bring your own grub if you wish. Tap rotates frequently; even changed a few while we were there so you will always be able to try out something new!
5	Came tonight for a beer after work. I've lived in Tempe for a year and a half, about 6 minutes away from Taste of Tops, yet I'd never been here...Shame on me. So I freely admit, I have really high standards for my beer...If you've read my review of Four Peaks, you'd know that. I don't apologize for it, but I'm definitely a snob when it comes to this stuff.I was pleasantly surprised that Taste of Tops has a great selection of beer and helpful bartenders that make spot on recommendations for what you're in the mood for. I'd go so far as to say that it's the best selection of beers I've found so far in Arizona. Not the widest selection, but they offer really good options as well as some obscure selections you won't see too many places. Tonight I had a Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA and a winter brew that was delicious (okay, okay...I had two of those). My wife had a hard cider that she liked a lot, and we also tried a coffee/beer combo that was pretty good. One of the coolest things about Taste of Tops is that they let you bring in outside food since they don't offer a kitchen. We had Thai food delivered from next door, and they were totally cool just watching us eat. It's a small place, but there's good seating at the bar, and enough tables to make it work. Taste of Tops is a must if you're a fan of good beer. Ambiance and decor is interesting, they have art made from water bottles and milk jugs, which can make for interesting conversation. Ample parking outside, and plenty of food options close by that you can either bring in or get delivered.I'll definitely be back. A+
4	EASILY one of my favorite hang outs. Whether its a random tuesday night or a fun night out on the weekend with friends. The atmosphere here is great. This place is teeny tiny so on weekends its more than likely it will be super packed. During the week its nice and mellow. Grab some thai take-out from Thai Basil next door and enjoy it at a table at Taste of Tops along with a  wine or beer flight! Beer flights consist of your choice of four 2oz pours of beer and the wine flight consists of your choice of three 2oz pours of wine. Perfect for a tasting and to wash that thai food down.You can tell the cliental here LOVES Taste of Tops and are regulars here. I feel I too am becoming a Taste of Tops snob! Lots of amazing beer options and TONS of beers on tap. I've really enjoyed all the wines I've tried except for that one elusive red that still pops up in my flights when I tell them to surprise me.
3	If the place is going to host annoying tv-zombie fans, they should put a WARNING. I came here with two visitors from Europe and we were almost not allowed to have a conversation at a BAR just because there was a small group of die hard fans of a tv show watching their episode there. You been warned! ask if there is a special crowd going. I certainly plan to attend to my other regular places and avoid this one.
4	Solid beer bar with a great neighborhood feel.  They have tons of brews on tap, a huge selection (they are built into a liquor store), and prices are good.  It's a small and cozy place, and very welcoming.  Bring your own food (no kitchen).  Considering the area, that shouldn't be hard; there are plenty of restaurants around, including a great pizza place - Tessio's - next door!
4	A lovely low key, unpretentious beer bar off Mill Avenue.  Accidentally stumbled into Taste of Tops for their Eel River Brewery event, which was amazing in its own right.  This isn't your bar average college bar, most peeps are in their late 20's and know their beer.      The sampler was amazing, $8 for 4 4oz samplers. Quite a good deal.  Technically their tasters are a bit expensive, but their selection makes up.  There are at least 18 constantly changing taps, with a pretty balanced selection.   2 beers per style with more pales ales.  They had famous breweries like Deschutes, Stone and Maui plus a few local brews.  They go 1 keg at a time, so don't get attached like a one night stand.  Get a pint or two and love them for the night.  The frig was dead on my trip, so they let you bring in food from their neighbors.  Go two shops down to Tessios (separate review), and while you wait pick a beer from Top's Liquor next door and try it here.Odd Note.  They actually had a few beer magazines like Draft sitting about.  If you can't find a nice peep to chat with, grab a magazine or watch some ABC family channel movie.  They had Harry Potter The Chamber of Secrets playing, quite unusual movie for a bar.  Oh yeah they have a small chilled bottle section in the back.  A great place for 3-6 peep sized groups, but they place easily gets full.  Stop by for kick back locale with your friends and enjoy your night.
5	Awesome, Awesome, Awesome bar!!!  Super chill, low key bar for real beer lovers.  I wish I lived closer to this place.  24 rotating tabs of legit beers.  First time I've found a sour on tap in AZ.  If you like craft beer this is a place for you.
3	Sweet liquor store but small bar. It was pretty cool. I found my left hand milk stout, my favorite beer bottled so that gives some points but the bar was very small and a little depressing. Wouldn't go to the bar again but would definitely visit the liquor store again. So much alcohol that there was not enough room in the aisle for people to walk through the aisles.
5	Seeking a sour on tap?  Me too!  And Taste of Tops is one of the only places I can find a sour on draft in this IPA-soaked land.  They have 24 rotating taps, always with great variety and top-notch beers -- and they are pretty good about updating their website with what's currently on tap, and chances are if what you want isn't on tap you can probably find it in a cold bottle.  Bartenders are friendly, helpful, and most importantly knowledgeable about beer.  Love this place!
4	Taste of Tops appeals more mature than other bars in the surrounding area. They have a wonderful selection of brews for more acquired taste buds. The environment is slick and clean and not crowded w/ screeching college girls or the obnoxious boys who chase them, like you typically see at places near by. Their attached liquor store is astounding. They have a wiiiiide variety of imports and top notch alcohol. Seriously impressive.Perfect place to enjoy quality beer without hustle and bustle.
4	This place has some of the most unique and bold beers on tap that you'll find in Tempe. They don't brew anything there, but they are literally connected to Tops, the ever-present Tempe stronghold of all things booze. This means that you can buy a bottle of wine at Tops, then walk right into Taste and pay five bucks to cork it there--hey, it's cheaper than going by the glass somewhere else!You can also bring your own food in here. They suggest the pizza place next door but you'll have much better luck with the Thai place on the end, or hey, cook something for yourself at home, bring it in to the bar and enjoy a nice beer while you go at it. They have a TV too, and the bartender usually puts on SyFy or something else that has a movie on, usually provides some good conversation pieces.
4	Better than any other bar in the Mill area.   With the new growler laws it has gotten even better.....
4	I'm a big fan of their beer selection. There are other places with more taps, but you'll find a high turnover here so every time you visit there's something you didn't see last time. It's a good mix of styles but sometimes it's all "strong ale" types. The bottle selection is also top notch. The price matches the product. Be prepared to shell out some cash, but it's a fair price for premium product.The staff here is really hit or miss. Most of the time it's someone who's knowledgeable about their stock and attentive to their customers, but I've been there when the bartender spent literally 30 min talking to his friend without looking at another customer (guess no one else in the bar had enough hipster cred).The place is small and cozy, but it's usually not too hard to find a few seats together. The music depends on the bartender; it can be soft in the background or cranked up high.Overall, a very likeable place.
4	Pretty good beer selection.  When I say that I mean GOOOOD beer selection.  My brother and I checked out the place literally on a whim and we're impressed with the beers.  The service kept handling the lips of the glasses with their hands and it as kind of wierd to notice that they didn't wash their hands once while visiting.  It is beer but an occational hand washing is always welcome.  Go here for a bottled beer and draft with a small group during the off week.  During the weekend it's ass to elbows and cramped but overall a good place to chill in the heart of Tempe.
5	go here. good beer.
5	Great selection of beer, wonderful people, and friendly service.  Easily my favorite bar in Tempe.  I have been by many times and they keep their beer selection changing and interesting.  I have never been disappointed with the recommendation of the bartender.
2	Beer selection was excellent. Service was abysmal. The girl working the bar was one of the rudest bartenders I've met. I asked what stouts were on tap, she just pointed at the sign that was scrawled in faint chalk. I can't read in dim light, unfortunately. I apologized and said I couldn't read it, my eyes aren't that good. She said "Well, you'll just have to move closer then" and then ignored me to help someone else.I moved closer to the sign, but that didn't help that I couldn't read it in the dim light. I went back and said "If you would, please just pick any stout on tap." She grabbed the smallest glass she could find and filled it with the most expensive stout she could find. I won't go back. Every other brewpub I've gone to has been friendly and helpful, but she made certain that I'll never go to Taste of Tops again.
4	Since every bar has plenty of Craft beers, it seems that there now needs to be something unusual about the place to make it stick out. In this case, the atmosphere is more like a coffee shop with couches and magazines and a library of books available. The bar only has about 8 seats and the place is small and cramped a bit, but it still is a good drinking atmosphere with a decent slection on tap. It was $5 for a nice Vanilla Porter. Seems out of place in that shopping center, but that is also what makes it a draw probably, well at least for me. Two TV's only, but they do get the NFL network, so that was a plus.
3	Taste of Tops has an incredible selection, but I don't see what all the hype is about. Granted, I attended during a fairly lame Halloween party when the bar was crowded. I'll have to try again.
4	Awesome selection of beers! Not as crazy as World of Beer so it's manageable and not overwhelming with choices. I went there because they show The Walking Dead on Sundays. Take my advice: If you go at 7pm or 9pm on a Sunday night that The Walking Dead is playing, don't be a douche. Sit down, order a drink and shut up. We take the show seriously, people! If you're not a fan of the show or have Tourette's, please don't go during that time. Otherwise, have at it! They don't serve food but you can order from the restaurants in the area and they will deliver it to you. Super convenient. The inside is on the small side so it can get full very easily, but it's usually not too bad. It's very cozy. If you're a beer fan, check this place out!
4	Nice selection of taps. Amazing bottle selection. Some hidden gems in the case. Bartender was super chill but hung out with his buddies the whole time. But they were paying customers so not a big deal we were never neglected. Very nice hole in the wall to visit after checking out the store next door (Tops liquor)
5	Meow meow meow. Go here.
5	was sitting here drinking and thinkin in tessios when jones showed up to whoop on my ass. He found i crashed his jeep and use all his drugs. he told me to go next door to  tops and spot him sum bucks for a pint of whisky i said "sure". then he whoop on me in the parking lot. Jones has problms dude. i told em go in anger management and he like "why?"
2	Only beer and wine is pretty lame for being owned by the neighboring liquor store. However, the vibe is cool, doesn't get too crowded and no DBags hand out here. The absence of food also pulls the rating down, however it is a solid HH spot for you craft beer fans.
4	No food? Who gives a crap. No hard liquor? Go next door. The bar tenders are rad and knowledgeable. I am down with beer or wine so I am happy with the choices. Although I enjoy the occasional beer I am still attempting to expand my pallet. I look to the bar tenders at joints like this to help me learn a bit more about what they have and what I will potentially like. Out of the two dudes I've met here, they're happy to do that.  That is much appreciated. Out of the few times I've been here I have never gotten hungry. However, I have been in when others have and they are happy to help. By providing take-out menus.  I mean, the place is tiny as crap. You want food? Call this number, you can take-out eat in Taste of Tops!They have a large selection of beer and the taps have changed every time I have been in. I like that. When I have found beers I liked but aren't on tap any more it has beens in the massive case along the back wall. So for those who complain about no food....man up. Drink beer, fuhget about it! This is the perfect spot to mellow out for happy hour. Just don't come in expecting something fancy. Well...i'd hope you wouldn't, it's next to a liquor store for cryin out loud. It's dark. Small. Decent bar size. A few couches. Perfect for what it is. Check it out. You're welcome.
5	This is my kind of place, and if happens to be walking distance from my house. Score!! Wine and beer tasting in a very relaxed atmosphere, with a good selection of both. The Thai food restaurant will deliver food over or you can brig your own good in as well. A prefer this over crapy, fried bar food. This is my new favorite Tempe spot!
5	The beauty of Taste of Tops is truly in its simplicity. You have a well lit and inviting atmosphere, plenty of seating for it's size, a big fridge with hundreds of bottles of beer to choose from, and a TV screen displaying what's on tap at the moment. That's it. And with it's great pricing and minimal staff you have a home-run. No one is going to hover around your table asking if you want another round or try to rush you into making a decision about what to drink, you're free to relax, browse, sip, talk, laugh, whatever you feel at the moment, and it's wonderful. With all the emphasis lately on fancy bars and old timey drinks, you forget how great it can be to sit down, uninterrupted, and just have a beer.
4	Bring your own food, grab a fantastic beer, and enjoy the company of friends and friendly bartendars. They've got a great selection of beers on tap and even more in the fridge! There's a good selection of wine too. There's no pressure to drink quickly or leave tables, just sit back and unwind after a long day.My biggest downside... the oodles of college kids that haven't learned how to handle their drink yet.
2	I'd been wanting to check this place for quite some time and I finally got the chance last night (Sunday 9/8) as I was there to see an old friend off who is moving away. (It's 8 p.m. and fairly packed. The douche quotient is also a bit higher than I expected.) I was a little underwhelmed with the tap selection, especially when Tops is known for their stellar array of wonderful and varied beers, but I was nonetheless able to find something I'd been dying to try - the Lips of Faith Coconut Curry. A customer was sitting at the bar directly in front of me and overheard me mentioning to my friend that that's what I was going to order. He suggested sampling it first. While the request for a sample was met with some 'tood from the bartender, it was the right call  - not something I'd want a whole pint of. For this sample, I was punished and forced to wait 12 minutes before the bartender decided he had absolutely nothing else with which to fake being busy and he was practically forced to approach me again. This time, I ordered a Prescott Heroes 19 - sample not required. I love brown ales and this was decent enough, but also nothing special. At precisely 8:30, the lights dimmed, the volume on the TVs went up, and everyone except my two friends and I had shut the fuck up. I turn around to notice everyone staring up at a TV. Breaking Bad. "Oh," my friend turns to me and says, "it's one of THOSE kind of bars." Because I didn't know conversation during Breaking Bad was strictly verboten, we continued speaking, albeit in a most subdued tone. Dude sitting next to the sample-suggesting gentleman and looking like he'd be more comfortable reading comic books at home in his mommy's basement actually turned around and shushed us! He fucking shushed us!! Are you kidding me???? That was it...time to slug our beers and go elsewhere.
5	My husband and I live right down the street from Taste of Tops, but we don't go nearly enough for how rad it is. We have been a handful of times - all great experiences with great selections of bottled beers and ones on tap with a big variety of prices for every budget. This is a place you meet up with friends you haven't seen in awhile. A great place to talk, laugh, play games, or just be in good company. I love trying new beers, so Taste of Tops is perfect for me. It's also very low key and they don't serve food. You can bring your own food in, order from next door, or whatever. Bartenders are also knowledgeable and great.As HUGE Breaking Bad fans, my husband and I were so disappointed that we didn't know Taste of Tops showed it weekly on Sunday evenings. We totally would have been there every week, making friends and commiserating over Heisenberg and his antics. So after hearing about the series finale that would be played there, we knew where we had to go. I needed all of the support I could get to get through the last episode. We got there two hours early and drank and played a game with friends. When the episode began, people were incredibly respectful and so into the show. We were home! I loved cheering and laughing with the crowd... the atmosphere was so welcoming and fun! It was by far the best Breaking Bad experience we have ever had (and I've watched every episode twice), and I even won a free beer for my trivia skillllllz. Thank you for the memorable night, Taste of Tops! We will be back for The Walking Dead in a couple weeks!(Also note that it is incredibly rude to continue to talk when people are trying to enjoy the show playing. Go somewhere else or watch the show. Sorry the world doesn't always revolve around you. Just be considerate or politely move on... it's that easy!)
5	I LOVE taste of tops! The bar tender there is always super helpful when it comes to choosing and is never pretentious. You can order in food from Thai Basil (yum) and hang out at a non-crowded bar with some friends to drink. Honestly, couldn't be better. Great selection, great prices, great crowd.
5	Taps are always on good rotation. Staff is great. Bring your own food, I like to bring Oregano's pizza in.
5	Ahhhhhhhhhh they have amazing beer on tap. Do i need to say more. Bartenders are amazing at recommending beer. Shoot, they even have a side beer fridge to accommodate even more choices. I am not a first timer but i do come here to get the best beer on tap on the valley. If you want to explore beer COME here, shut up, sit down and enjoy! KCCO
4	Love this little place! They always have a great draft selection and lots of bottles in the fridge. I can't remember the bartenders name from last time, but he was hilarious! It's a little small, so more of a place to chill with 1 or 2 friends. Great little neighborhood joint!
5	BEST CRAFT BEER BAR IN AZ. Hands down. The staff knows their beer and wine. I've lived in the neighborhood and have been a regular here for years. Prices are right and their selection is HUGE. Like pick any beer or bottle of wine from the legendary Tops Liquors next door and drink it in the bar huge. Although you shouldn't need to, considering the bar has tons of bottles and 12 rotating taps and a rotating wine list. Also- this is a great place to avoid the Tempe dude bro douche invasion that happens when ASU semesters start.
5	The Bartender for Saturday Night Matt was amazing and funny! So much to choose from! You will not be disappointed. Go check it out.
5	Lots of Craft Beers! So many choices....They do not serve food, but you are welcome to get something next door & bring it in.Bartender was very nice & knowledgeable about the beers & flavors.Perfect place for an adult getaway.
