5	I have lived here for 2 years and I absolutely love it! The staff, apartment and the location is perfect! No matter what I need, the staff always has a solution! I highly recommend choosing this place as your home!
1	One of the worst apartment i ever lived. Management has access to your apartment without your permision and send you a warning letter if your apartment didn't meet their cleanliness standard. We got a warning saying our carpet is dirty and we don't even wear shoes at home. If they have access to check on this without our permission, how secure do you think this apartment?? My place got broken into once and i lost over $2000. Every couple months, we found out that other apartment was broken into as well. Definitely not recommended as a place to live.
2	I've been living here for about 6 years now and these apt have there Perk's but also have there issues.Great reasons to live here:-Location is great because Desert Inn is like a freeway so you can get places quickly.-Landscaping is very nice.-Gym is small but at least it's open 24hours.-Office staff is friendly.-Storage & garages for rent.-Nice pools -Free Hot chocolate  -Special events held in the office; Christmas party, bingo... Ect.-You can rent out a 2 bedroom apt. Reasons for not receiving 5 stars-My apt was broken into and it was one of the scariest thing ever.-Every time I renew my lease, they keep adding more and more to my rent. I do understand the market is going up but I feel you should honor your loyal residents. -The pool closes by 10pm when other pools near this area are open 24 hours.-No playground for kids.-Dislike the rules on having a couple of friends over to bbq and swim. Your only allowed 2 guest per apt.-No private area (club house) for host a special occasion. -Non heated pools.-Gates make loud noises when opening.-Takes to long to replace or fix things.
2	Like I said I've Lived here for over 6 years now and the only upgrade I received was a water hose for my kitchen sink. Carpet clean is what's being offered and that to you is a great reason why my rent goes up every time I renew. I asked to maybe get my floors turn to wood and of corse then my rent would go higher. Why even bother. We got new security, that is external now... Hummmm lets see how that will work.
