4	I got my haircut here today and am very happy with the results. One thing to keep in mind is this is a beauty school so all services are conducted by students. But, don't worry, your hair is in good hands because professionals are there to help the students. Greg cut my hair and did a great job. Though it took longer than a usual trim, the price tag of $20 made it worth it. Also, even though its a school you can still tip your stylist if you are happy with the service.
1	Rude front desk person, horrible experience.  The girl cutting/styling my hair wanted to send me out with just dry hair, no styling. I asked her to please style it and she gave me high school pin curls of some sort with 1/2 can hair spray.  I asked for a blow out, you know round brush?  Awful.  The "free manicure" was just a polish change since they don't cut cuticles so what's even the point? She also ran out of time since it took 2 1/2 hours to trim and style my hair.  No thanks. Go to Paul Mitchell or Aveda Institute.
5	I have been having my hair done here for at least 8 years. Remember it is a school.and everyone is LEARNING. If you want PROS go pay for it.Don't go to a school...duhIt is not expensive. If you do decide to go then when you call to make appointment ASK which student is good with your type of hair...they are very helpful.Better yet stop in and talk face to face. Instructers are awesome and the girl that does my hair right now rocks!  Ester is great with long hair....blowouts & color!
5	I've been getting my hair cut here for the past year.  I used to drive to Henderson to see my stylist and pay $50, now my cuts are $14 and I'm driving less than 5 mins.  I've been to several different students and have always been pleased with the attention to detail and the leadership of the teachers.  I recently took a gamble and went for highlights.  I was delighted with the results and will definitely keep returning!
5	I usually do my own hair but decided to pamper myself a little. Plus a friend of mine is a student so I figured she could use the practice. I went in for a complete color change, going from dark auburn to dirty blonde. The process takes a long time if you want it done correctly. I was really happy with my results. Now for those on Yelp who have complained about the length of time it takes to get your hair done, be realistic. These are students we are talking about, so if you're in a rush, don't bother. Not to mention you have to have patience since all treatments and cuts must be supervised by an instructor. It irritates me when people expect miracles then they take it out on the poor hair stylist. Guess what, if you walk in looking like Susan Boyle but wanna end up like Kim Kardashian, you're being ridiculous. I would totally return. Worth the price too. A normal salon would have charged me $200 or more for what was done today and all I paid was $94. That's for a cut and three process bleaching. Ask for Adriana, she's rad.
5	I have been going to this beauty college for 9 years for my facials.  They use wonderful products, the girls are very professional, and I love the staff.  What better way to spend 1 hour on a Friday afternoon?  You will love it.  Diana L.
