4	This Caribou Coffee is pretty cozy compared to others.  It's nestled in the same building as the UPS Store, so make sure you take the left turn when you walk in the main door, otherwise you'll be shipped off somewhere.  Unlike the Caribou on East Blvd, this one's relatively quiet, allowing for a more intimate environment.  In fact, my partner and I we had our first "date" here.  It provided the right level of coziness for "get-to-know-you" conversation, yet it was casual enough so neither of us would feel awkward. Caribou's coffee is less bitter than Starbucks and they offer some interesting coffee combinations like the Lite White Berry, made with sugar-free raspberry syrup and white chocolate syrup.  YUM.   Unfortunately, it's not really that "lite" as the name might suggest.  For under 100 calories, I go for the Northern Lite Raspberry Latte.  Not chocolatey, but still fruity sweet.  During the fall, their pumpkin drinks rock.  There's so much more pumpkin flavor in their hot and cold drinks than other coffee places.  And during the holidays, the Ho Ho Mint Mocha is not only fun to say, "it's so tasty, too!  Tastes just like candy," as Lucy Ricardo would say.
4	Agree with Eric K.  This location is smaller, but cozier.I've never been in this location when there's a big crowd so I'm used to coming in ordering and having my caffeine fix given to me immediately.The staff is friendly and there is a good amount of art displayed on the walls (I think it's one of the staff's friends that is a photographer), but the photos are always great to look at and are good conversation starters.
4	I have a new hangout when I feel the need to get out of the house and away from the office. This Caribou is in a small shopping plaza that most people probably breeze right past, so the traffic is a little light. The coffee is excellent, much better than the *$ folks.It's a very small location and I've found power outlets in the back near the bathrooms.Wifi works great, coffee is great, tables are comfortable. About the only thing I would add would be a wider selection of pastries, but I'm just nitpicking at that point.
5	My favorite thing to do! Coffee and Caribou! Yes it IS the best.free WIFI- nice and roomy and a great staff. Mike and I enjoyed a small but comfy couch while we talked and drank our favorites.Love it!
5	Great staff, great coffee, free wifi, and great location.  What more could you want?
5	Any Caribou location can give you a tasty chai, but the staff at this location is the best. They're a lot of fun to converse and joke around with. Even if you're not too much of a regular, they try to remember your order. The week the closure of a majority of the locations were announced, we made sure to stop in, grab drinks, and celebrate with the staff that our favorite location was staying open. This location shares an entrance with a UPS location. Caribou's door is to the left.
5	I'm not a coffee fan, but always agree to meet with people, who are coffee fans, at coffee shops. At a meeting I had at this Caribou shop, I told the staff behind the counter that I need help finding something, not coffee to enjoy. The staff was great and pointed me to a wonderful "non-coffee" product! I had the Pomegranate Vanilla Latte (hot). It was made quickly, and I thought it was fabulous! Those two flavors belong together and I'm thankful for the help from the staff in finding that treat! Other than that, this is a nice, clean shop, with plenty of seating and a cozy atmosphere. Being just a short drive from my work, I would visit this location again!
5	This is one our favorite evening hang out spots. The staff is so friendly. We're always welcomed with big smiles and engaging conversation. We also love the atmosphere. Different kind of seating depending on the mood of the evening... Tables, sofa, comfy chairs, stools. For all types!They've single-handed changed my coffee shop preference... I used to always go to the "other" shop. Now I'm addicted to their dark chocolate mocha!! :-)
5	I absolutely love Caribou Coffee especially this location because it's located in the beautiful South Park/ Fox Croft area! The baristas here are super friendly and if your looking for a nice place to study or get work done on your laptop this location is not too noisy it has a beautiful cozy cabin feel to it!
5	Love the atmosphere here. I especially like to go in when James is crafting the drinks. Always how I like it. Kudos to a job well done.
5	Caribou is a great place to get coffee and talk to guys named Will and Jd, there very nice and make my coffee to perfection, whenever I am within 50 feet from the premises I am immediately greeted with a warm boner achieving smile. I give this coffee shop 5 stars because starbucks is a trashcan of a coffee shop. Whenever I walk inside a starbucks I get a sort of 1940s holocaust museum vibe, the music they play is loud and aggressive, and the coffee taste like I'm drinking heroin out of a fire hose, the employees can never get my drinks right and the food they serve there taste like I'm eating glass. However caribou coffee is great, HEY WILL!!!!!!
