5	I've been a patient of Dr. Sutton and his associates for 4 years. They are amazing! Nancy at the front desk is so friendly and professional! Dr. Sutton and Dr. Gentile are so amazing with every aspect of Dentrisry, and make you feel so comfortable! Casey, the hygienist is awesome as well.  I am writing this after having 4 cavities filled, and having my lower face numbed. It's been only 2 hours since Dr. Gentile did my procedure and I am eating lunch and pain free! And the numbing agent has already worn off, so I can speak perfectly as well. Several of my co-workers are patients as well, and we are all very happy with Waterfront Dentistry. I would recommend them to everyone, and I do!
1	Absolutely the WORST dentist I have EVER been to.  Dr. Sutton injected me multiple times, none too gently, and the anesthetic wore off twice during the procedure, bloody mid-evil.  The final product?  My bite was completely off, couldn't chew or tear food, and one of the repairs Dr. Sutton did had to be redone less than 1 year later.  No apologies for the enormous amount of pain that I was subjected to either.  Thumbs down
5	I've been going to Dr. Sutton's office for about three years now and I have not one complaint. Office: Waterfront is a small dental office in the most convenient location for Scottsdale residents and local employees. It's right across the street from Hotel Indigo in downtown. They keep the walls and decor simple and contemporary. Hygienist: I think they have more than one now, but I've seen Casey consistently for the past year. She is AWESOME. First of all, she's gentle and efficient which is the most important. Secondly, she's super friendly. I think everyone's had that one hygienist that was awkwardly silent and kind of aggressive with the explorer. You won't find that here. Listen to Casey, all of her tips have kept my teeth looking and feeling great. Dr. Sutton: He's a very nice doctor. He'll be honest about your teeth. He'll let you know what work is necessary now and what will become necessary if ignored. I know he has another dentist come in when he's unavailable, but I can't remember her name. She was very nice and easy to talk to but Dr. Sutton has been the only dentist to do the hard work on my molars. I had five cavities filled and four wisdom teeth pulled in one year. I've heard horror stories about other docs but I've had nothing but easy procedures with short recovery times. (He's not bad to look at either. haha)Staff: To be honest, I know there are dental assistants in the office, but Nancy is the only person I know other than the doc and hygienist. Nancy is the BEST. She seems to hold down the fort. She runs the front desk and well as anything else really. I've seen her assist both Dr. Sutton and Casey many times. I'm a very forgetful person, so I'm thankful that she calls me with reminders. My favorite thing is when she calls to check up on me after procedures (even on the weekends!). She makes the office seem very personal and comfortable. They do family dental care too. My 3yr old has her first appt in two months. I will keep going to Waterfront as long as they have my three requirements: Casey, Nancy, and Dr. Sutton.
1	Nancy, in the front office, was a complete witch to me during my few visits to Waterfront Dentistry.Too bad Nancy runs the roost around there. She needs ANGER MANAGEMENT classes!!! Glad I never have to go back!
1	I decided to try Waterfront after winning free teeth whitening for my entire wedding party at a Bridal show in Scottsdale. Also, I just had a change in dental insurance, and the dentist I'd been going to for 5 years was out of network. They are also located in Gilbert, so I thought it would be nice to have a dentist in Scottsdale. Even though I've been completely satisfied with them over the years.So first I just go to get my custom whitening trays. Everyone was very nice. No issues yet. I scheduled a cleaning sometime in the next couple of weeks. When I arrive for the cleaning, Nancy, at the desk, immediately tries to sell me their in house insurance plan, which I found expensive and unnecessary. So I declined. The exam was very thorough, and everyone was very nice so at first I was impressed. I can't remember her name, but it was the female dentist doing my exam. But then she tells me that I have 4 cavities and would probably need a root canal in the near future. I was shocked. I've never had a problem with my teeth. My teeth felt fine, I wasn't having any pain. But I was also concerned. So I scheduled an appointment to have the cavities filled.When I arrive for my appointment a week later, Nancy tells me that my insurance won't cover the fillings and I should buy their in house insurance plan. She was really trying to sell it, and I didn't appreciate the pressure especially since I'd already declined it. But, I reviewed it again, and still didn't see the benefit of it since I would still need to pay a big chunk of cash out of pocket. So I declined it again. At this point I became suspicious of their agenda. So I left without having any work done. I immediately scheduled appointments with my orthodontist (I recently had my braces removed) and my former dentist. They both did extensive exams and determined there were no existing cavities or any sign that I might need a root canal soon. I also called my insurance company to check on what was covered. Nancy was incorrect about my coverage. My insurance does cover fillings.I'm completely disgusted with Waterfront's practice of dentistry. They are obviously only out to make a profit, unfortunately at the expense of my teeth (and maybe yours). Now I know how they can afford to give their clients free whitening for life. So my advice is always get a second opinion when dealing with your health, always listen to your gut, make sure you know what your insurance does and does not cover, and don't let distance be the thing that keeps you away from a good doctor. I absolutely would not  recommend Waterfront Dentistry to anyone.
5	What a great experience! Great staff, hygienist is amazing and friendly, state of the art equipment, and the dentist is personable.I am a very happy patient! :-)
1	I heard about Waterfront Dentistry from a bridal show and thought it would be great to check them out. I'm currently in Nursing school and my life revolves around school. It was very unfortunate that on the day of my appointment I was assigned a large amount of homework and had to cancel (It's also finals week, might I add). I take full responsibility for my actions. I feel terrible for disrupting their schedule. However, I did not appreciate the attack I received on the phone by Nancy. I called to cancel and she went off on me. It was the most unprofessional conversation that I have had. When I called to cancel she responded with "Are you kidding me?" and I replied with "No" and she asked "why are you canceling?" Although it must be frustrating, it is no one's business why I am canceling. I am completely turned off by the way I was treated and I will be sure to find another place to get my teeth cleaned.
5	Nancy, Dr. Monahan and all of the staff have been nothing but patient, understanding and professional in every interaction I have had.I have had minor emergencies where I needed to get in the same day or next and they have always accommodated me.I was referred here by my girlfriend and I never have regretted coming here.Nothing but the best from this office and staff.
2	Waterfront is clearly a premium service but I felt the whole appointment was a sales pitch to take a lot of unnecessary recommendations.  I did not feel I could trust their recommendations and I was right!The office has great technology and could show me real time photos of my teeth, the whitening trays were also great. The service was friendly enough, but in my first appt they were very insistent I needed their special toothpaste and very expensive toothbrush they sell in-office. I'm in sales, I get wanting to upsell, but the part I couldn't take was when they INSISTED I had FOUR separate cavities that should be filled asap. Both their hygienist and dentist recommended this and made a convincing case. I've never had a cavity or any other problems with my teeth so I waited for my next appt with a different dentist. I visited another dentist this month and he said it was just a small amount of tarter build and non-obtrusive, top level cavities that won't grow/damage any teeth- absolutely nothing to worry about and my teeth are in great shape. I felt very uncomfortable knowing that Waterfront was only trying to play on my lack of knowledge and I will not be going back. I need to be able to trust a recommendation more.
5	Every time I go I feel like family! The staff is amazing I will never change dentist again!
