4	We came to Wildfire on TripAdvisor recommendation, and left pleased.  We were told to expect something cosy, and it was cosy.  We were told to expect good food, and it was good food.  The service was spotty in places, but was generally right on, and our water glasses remained full!The steaks here are really, really nice--Aberdeen cuts cooked just the right amount, served with watch-it-melt butter.  The fries on the side were generously portioned, the salad small but delicious.Small but very nice wine selection.  Tasty but pricey desserts and dessert drinks.It's a cosy (read: small) restaurant, with a handful of tables inside, and a handful of tables out.  Make a reservation; we saw many eager customers turned away for lack of tables.
5	Been to this restaurant quite a few times. Always great food and great service. Top marks :)
5	I had an amazing meal here  and for very reasonable prices! Granted, the reasonable prices was because I'm so used to London prices. But for a very central restaurant, the portions were generous, the food was tasty, and the bill wasn't that bad at all.Wildfire is a small Scottish restaurant just off Princes Street that specialises in meat (think Aberdeen Angus Steak) and seafood. I had the special of the day, which was a pan fried cod with vegetables in a cream sauce, which was just amazing.Dessert was good too  my whisky and honey ice cream was some of the best desserts I've ever had.Definitely will be going back to Wildfire again on my next trip to Edinburgh.The London Insiderhttp://www.london-insider.co.uk/
4	Excellent food and great service. Great deals on lunch menu, highly recommend this gem.
4	Great place for meat and wine.Cozy decor, but why cant they burn the fire at nights would do alot for the place.
4	After a long day walking from the old town to Leith, along the waterfront, and back, I was starving -- my smartphone at the ready, I was convinced that the one thing I was craving was Scottish steak.I didn't have a reservation, but the do-everything host and server was able to squeeze me into a gap.  It was warm and cozy within, a welcome relief from the chilly night riding on the back of a cold, grey day.Their salmon special for the night looked delicious, as did several other items, but freshly seared moocow was on my mind, and I ordered the very reasonable steak, rare and bloody.Now, I am a stickler for meat being cooked to the order specs.  I rarely send anything back, but I have been known to gripe, bitch, and moan when the done-ness isn't quite right.  No worries here, though: my rare steak was cooked to absolute perfection.  Pink but not cold, plenty of give, buttery in flavor even without the garlic butter I drizzled atop it, and perfect with the glass of red I needed on the side.It does cost a bit, but compared to other steak specialists, the prices here are very reasonable, and the service is quite nice.  The wine list is decent, and the atmosphere is intimate without being stuffy.  From one carnivore to the rest, you ought to go here.
4	A bit pricey but a wonderful experience none the less.  Dinner reservations are highly encouraged.  We arrived to find that there was only one table available and that we needed to dine within 90 minutes due to another reservation.  Don't get me wrong the owner was very accommodating and went the extra distance seeing that we had a great time.  I would definitely recommend to others.
4	Surf n' Turf. I think that's what is going to define this place for me. I haven't actually tried it yet, but I have a good intuition on these things. So I'll be going back to try the Surf n' Turf.Blythe R (Edinburgh's own Lunch Quester) and I came here for lunch on a Friday as the Festive period was just approaching. Whilst I thought it was a 'steak restaurant', and was looking forward to but concerned about eating steak for lunch with a hot yoga class to follow later that night (meat sweats, not cool), Blythe assured me that Wildfire is known for both its steak and seafood. Phew.So with that I ordered, from the lunch menu, the goats cheese with hazelnuts and beetroot for starter, and a pan-fried fish for main with potato slices.The sizes were moderate, which actually suited me perfectly. It was lunch after all. But Blythe's steak (the rump steak from the menu, cooked rare) looked very meaty, juicy and delicious indeed. Judging by our fully cleared plates, the whole meat was really quite enjoyable.The starter was lovely, and the fish main beautifully cooked. I'd say of meals Ive had (and I've had many) in Edinburgh, this wasn't one of the most memorable. It was perfectly lovely, and tasty, but not outstanding. I think the proof will be in the pudding. Or, er, steak? Which is why I'm going to come back here for the steak, but with fish. Surf n' turf baby, oh yeah.Blythe and I also agreed that it was a lovely little restaurant that would suit a great mix of people, so you could bring your parents and grandparents here for a weekend lunch, come with a friend, or a group of younger mates. Even a date (although perhaps not first date, it's not romantic per se, just cosy).I'm glad I came, the steak looked wonderful, the fish was satisfying. Great for a special Friday lunch!
5	Absolutely fantastic. I had the mussels followed by a rib eye steak. My wife had the pan fried prawns, braised venison casserole and ended with the chocolate cake. Nice atmosphere and staff. Biggest tip would be to book! Seen a lot of people turned away.
5	I usually try to avoid using superlatives, but this was the best steak I have ever had, full stop. Maybe it's because I'm American or just because I looooooove me some red meat, but I am very good at eating steak. I do it a lot. And saying this was the best wasn't up for debate in my mind. Friday evening, just got into town, having a drink with a friend and we are both craving steak. Of course I search steak in my handy dandy yelp app and Wildfire shows up. My friend tells me we would be lucky to get a table there as it's small and insanely good. She even booked it for her uni graduation a couple of years ago. I called, they had one spot open but we had to get there in 10 minutes. She wasn't kidding, it is small. They must do only 2 covers each night. We went straight for the steak mains. I wish I had taken a picture, but I dove right in. By the end I was scared to finish because then it would be over. And I loved that medium rare ribeye so much I would have cuddled it. It comes with a bit of garlic butter, I got their special blue cheese and something or other sauce as well, and a side of garlic mushrooms. I'm salivating writing this right now. The worst part about the meal was the end because I was so forlorn that I couldn't keep eating the delectable bits of steak, the shoestring french fries, the sauce! Oh lord the sauce. The entire meal was a religious experience. How did I spend a year in Edinburgh and not go here until I come back for a short visit?! Go. You won't regret it. Unless you're a vegetarian. Then it might be awkward.
5	The boyfriend and I went here for lunch on a weekday and we had a great time. Upon walking in the dining area didn't smell very good but within a few minutes the smell went away. There was such a fun mix of people in the room. Young and old, locals and tourists. We both ordered the lunch special and were so happy once our food arrived. The steaks were cooked exactly how we asked and the sides were a great addition. There beer selection  was small, but they were quality beers. The Dark Island was fantastic! I hope to go back next time I am craving a steak! The food and service were great!
4	Still needed a review. Though it was a little while ago that I visited for the first time. The place hasn't changed much.I can still remember the wonderful steak and the skinny fries we were served. It is a small place, but it will sit about 20-25 diners to capacity, it could feel a little cramped when seated in the middle.  I remember that the prices were a little high, that said, I remember eating more expensive restaurants with less tasty offerings. Although we did had an anniversary dinner here it is not a romantic or quiet restaurant. A place near the window corner will allow you to feel a bit more private. A solid 4 stars and a revisit is in order rather sooner than later.
2	This is a great example of when Yelp is useless, nee a public nuisance. I'm in a city for the first time and looking for a place to eat. I have the concierges recommendations but I want to life dangerously. I search yelp for recommendations. Wildfire pops to the top with gushing quotes like , "maybe it's because im an American but the best steak of my life" etc. I assume that since I'm in Edinburgh, the second best steak of his life wasn't at Outback, and the steak may be good. Well I was wrong. His second best steak must have been at Ponderosa. A pleasant enough atmosphere, but seriously the steak must have come from an ancient oxen that had used to plow fields for the prior decade..Not good. Go with a legit review source not this bogus Yelp. Sometimes web 2.0 is an improvement to the status quo, e.g Wikipedia, sometimes things like restaurant reviews should be left to the experts.
4	A tiny little restaurant, barely 10 tables and customers were turned away so make reservations. The food was very good. I had the goat cheese crostini for a starter and it was excellent! For a main, I had the Aberdeen Angus filet. Done perfectly. Very good and tender. Service was timely and friendly. A good find! I will definitely return on future trips.
4	Cozy little restaurant on Rose Street. The steak was perfectly cooked and the sides were a good size. Sticky toffee pudding was perfect. Overall the service was fast and attentive, and I would definitely go back. I wish the bread was a little bit fresher though but it wasn't a deal breaker.
5	I ate an amazing steak here last week. It was cooked perfectly. The restaurant was very small and cosy, the staff were extremely friendly. To the point of being told how to pronounce Cockburn Street when ordering my taxi for me. Oops sorry about that. The only down side I must tell about is that I was sat in the middle of the room which has of course frequently brushed by the staff, that wasn't the issue however I had half of my chair on a trap door and when anyone stepped onto the door as they walked by my chair moved and this really stressed me out for the first hour, until I got a few beers in and a great steak to focus on! Although annoying it doesn't warrant losing a star in my review. Thank you for the great meal!
5	Food is quite nice and not overpriced. Recommend Haggis and seafood! The lunch set is great value
