4	I've never heard of this place before, but its new and its here so I decided to give it at try.Wow... The chicken strips are delicious! Reasonably priced and good food... I'll definitely be back!Pictures to follow...
5	It is better then kfc. Very fresh and affordable they lure people in with free samples of the yummy chicken tenders.  They also have a yummy sauce called grandma sauce mashed potatoes taste homeade with great gravy go there is you are at the Pallazo foodcourt it is by the canal shoppes.
4	Food is 5 stars. Pricing... 3 stars. A little on the expensive side, but once you realize it's VEGAS... and heck, the Palazzo/Venetian... food price ain't that bad.I had the little meal box with fries and texas toast... DELICIOUS! Grandma sauce is tasty as well. I will be here again next time I'm in Vegas, for sure.
4	We wanted a snack before we get buffet later on that night so we stumbled upon here[+] we got samples of the chicken tenders and boy, was that a good choice on their part b/c we ended up getting 20 pieces![+] the chicken tenders are amazing and were actually tender![+] ordered 20 pieces and we got around 24 piecesThe chicken was pretty delicious and if we're ever around the area, we'll probably get it again.
4	I don't usually write reviews of chains this large, but I had to mention this place.  I came to Venetian late in the morning, close to 10 AM.  But, I wanted breakfast.  Looked through the choices at the food court on the 2nd floor and was underwhelmed.  Decided to try chicken and waffles at this place.  Very glad I did.  You got 2 enormous waffles and 3 thick chicken strips for $12.99.  The chicken was breast pieces and was clearly not formed.  The breading is crispy but not greasy or overly thick.  While the chicken was great with the waffles, I preferred it more with the spicy grandma sauce.  I don't know what's in this stuff, but I wish they would bottle and sell it so I can put it on everything.  Highly recommended, and although the price is high, you got a lot of food for the money.  And, it's the Strip, it's par for the course.
3	Friendly service.Chicken strips are pretty good.MONSTER FRIES are NOT GOOD. it is not even close to a monster nor close to the picture on the menu board. It has 3 bites of bacon and tiny bit of cheese, I had to ask for more cheese. It was disappointed.
3	I felt some bones while eating..it was also very oily. Fries were bad and too oily too. :/
3	I wanted a snack before a company outing. This place is a little expensive for what you're really getting. The chicken is not bad: it is very moist on the inside. They do, however, sacrifice the crispiness on the outside to ensure that the inside is not dry. All in all, a good quick place for a quick bite.Best advice: SKIP THE MASHED POTATOES as a side. Not sure what kind of gravy they use but it was worse than store-bought/reheated gravy.
1	Sadly enough, last night was the final night I visit this location of Chicken Now! Since dining at this exact establishment over the past 2 years I decided Chicken Now no longer deserves my business. I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly! The employees do not look happy anymore, the quality of food has decreased, the friendly frequent visit card has disappeared, employee meals have increased from $5 to $6.49 with less on the plate. When management is questioned as to why the prices were raised. He states... I've done my homework. Well, so have I as well as a lot of other employees. The other food court options, give us 50% off on select dates without shrinking the portions, include certain percentages off for other dates, have bonus items, as well as value our business. The taste of the food is good at Chicken Now but raising prices and slashing quantity can only mean one thing..... Someone needs to do some true homework! I hope that when you visit Chicken Now you think about the other restaurants surrounding you and get what you pay for. Customer service is also KEY!
3	Stopped in for a quick lunch that ended up taking a LONG time! If you like chicken strips this place is decent enough. The strips are very large and taste good. The macaroni and cheese and mashed potatoes side dishes are not good. Really hard toes either of them up but they managed to do it with gusto. The real issue other than the bad side dishes is the wait. This is a fast food place. It took around 20 minutes for them to toss three chicken strips into a styrofoam tray. We were even there during the busy part of Lunch either. Just seems excessive for a fast food restaurant.
3	I was staying in the hotel so I decide to come to the food court to grab a quick bit after my flight. I walked around the food court and this place caught my eye since I haven't seen it in the city before. There wasn't a line so I thought it would be fairly quick since I saw three people working in the food area. I guess they do take their time making your meal because it took me awhile to get my food. I only ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and the meal with tender and fries. I like that there's dipping sauce for the tenders, rand or bbq and I got both. I was looking forward to the sandwich because I was really hungry and it looked pretty good on the picture.  Needles to say the sandwich was a letdown, the bun was cold and there was just a piece of tomato with the chicken.  It also felt dry. From the appearance it looked massive so it got my excited but once it bit into it it felt like I was just eating bread so it wasn't worth the price. On the other hand I really like the chicken tenders and fries. The chicken was juicy and the amount of food was adequate. The fries were pretty good. I'm not sure what type of seasoning they used but it was tasty. There was also a sweet taste to it which I don't mind. If I'm in the area I would just go for their tenders and skip the sandwiches because it looks nothing like the picture.  This place is pricey but hey it's Vegas everything is pricey here.
5	I went here about 2 years ago, when I last visited Vegas, and I still think about the chicken tenders to this day. They really were the best chicken tenders I've ever had! The fries were good too, as were the prices. I will definitely make my way back to Chicken Now next time I'm in Vegas.
3	I was in Venetian and headed to some stuff on the strip and needed a quick bite. I decided to go with the food court for something more reasonably priced and picked a non chain. I got a chicken combo plate. The tenders were juicy and nicely crisp and the spicy creamy sauce went well with it. It came with two sides: fried rice which had a nice flavor, wasn't oily but fluffy and I got caesar salad which unfortunately had no dressing given and stale croutons. I wish I checked before leaving that my order was right.The size of the tenders were positive, but the small cups made for mini sides. Stick with items like the rice that are dense as my salad was 5 slices of romaine and 3 croutons which "filled" it..It's probably one of the better things to eat here, but because of the snafu with the side salad I would say it is A-OK.
