4	A self-serve car wash, in my mind, is generally someplace that you take a car that is beyond dirty, the automatic car-wash people denied you, or you just want to spray someone with the high pressure washer. With that said, the car wash does what it is supposed to do. Pump in some quarters and wash away!I sprayed down the engine with my own goodies to help. Maybe this isn't allowed, but who's going to stop me?
5	I wash my own cars at home.I usually come here to use their industrial grade vacuum.  Four quarters for four minutes of use.  You really can't beat that.Make sure you clean out all of the garbage first, and prepare your floors and seats to be vacuumed.  If you do it right, all you will need is four minutes.  (That's NOT what she said...)
4	I always think I will wash my car at home, then time gets away from me.  When I need to get my car clean quickly, I come here.I used to do it myself, with the handful of quarters and running back and forth to feed the machine or change the setting, and trying to do the job as fast as I can while avoiding giving myself a shower or spraying the dry car coming around the back from the auto-wash.  Then I realized I wasn't saving any money compared to the $4 auto option, and it was certainly a lot more hassle.  I'll just choose this option now if I need to clean my engine.The auto wash costs anywhere from $4 to $8, and I truly don't see any difference in the outcome.  The sprayers inside are revolving jets of water, rather than those super-scary, mop-style, spinning blue strips of soapy sponges that beat the dirt off your car and into submission.  It seems more sanitary to me, and it keeps the impulse to hide my face at bay.I love the mega dryer at the end; you have 75 seconds to drive slooooowly out and get blasted with air to help prevent spots and streaks.  If you turn left out of that dryer, watch out for the self-washers who can't control their hose.I've used the vacuums a few times, and they do the job for just a few quarters.  There are trash cans between every station, which is an underrated perk for vacuums.
5	After purchasing a new car, I no longer want to take my ride into the automated, brush-cleaned car washes. I was glad I found this car wash because it offers numerous pay-and-spray bays and is pretty generous with the soap. Following a good cleaning, you need a good drying. The drying area allows you to easily dry down your car, vacuum it and remove trash.The best part yet? They take credit cards! But beware, press the button near the swiper to end your sale otherwise they will run your card up to $10. They fully disclose this, but don't forget. I can fully clean my car and remove bugs with the power sprayer for about $3. So, it's quite affordable compared to other car washes. On the weekends it does get a little busy. So, when you first pull in, look at how busy the drying area is. It will give you an idea if you'll be able to dry your car under the shade or not. What would I like that they don't offer? Maybe credit cards on the vacuum machines. And maybe a dedicated tire scrubber.
5	Best thing is they accept credit cards in the self wash lanes so you don't need a pocket full of quarters! AND they are open 24 hours a day
2	I was unimpressed today with this do it yourself (DIY) car wash. It was a nice touch having a credit card accepting swipper to go with that Quarter eating dial apparatus that starts at $1.75However the water pressure is low and the "Spotless" setting is sadly all but ineffective.  In a hard water area like greater Phoenix, you would think they could get this right. Return factor, zero.  Sorry.
1	I washed my jeep here yesterday & selected their '$6.00 WASH,' middle of the line car wash. AND WAS CHARGED $10.00 on my bank statement. I went back through my bank statement and this happened before on 6/26/2014. I cannot get ahold of this company from their phone number provided. There isn't even a $10.00 cash wash option! Most expensive is $7.00. DO NOT GO HERE.
4	Used the touch-less automated wash. Basic wash $5.00. I'm very happy with the results. Just as clean as going through the Cobblestone Car Wash but this one is brushless. Highly recommended.
4	When you drive into a self-spray and the owner apologizes for the wash stall being dirty, you know you're in a pretty good car wash.  When that owner is out taking care of the lot in 101 degree weather, you know it's very good.Los ruedas picked up a lot of Arizona the past few weeks.  Plenty of dust, mud, a sphinx moth almost as big as a small hummingbird, mosquito grease, fly bits, beetles and butterflies. It was time for a wash, since the wheels will be standing down awhile.  The wash has a large selection of wash species plus a regular rinse and a spot free.  I really liked that the spray wand was soft-tipped.  If you accidentally ding your ride it won't look like somebody keyed it.  The wash and rinse had plenty of pressure.  I found myself emptying all my pocket change, then shaking down the car's change.  The spot-free rinse was frugal.  A little better than a full-on drinking fountain, but effective.  Every place I rinsed was absolutely spot free when los ruedas dried.  If you're in Chandler and spray off your own wheels, this is a great place for a wash and rinse.  I believe my wash cost about $6.00.  If you use a card, you won;t know how much it was until you see the bill, and you won't have to hunt every nook and cranny of your change-saving places.
4	Got the job done!
