4	I'll throw in a positive review for this store, the people are just great and that's a good part of the experience.  This is not a retail store per se, they do have some frozen items for sale and offer fresh product on certain days, but for the most part I get the impression you can order what you want and pickup when they promise.  I'd probably try to call first if you're not in the area.If you're looking to cook local and support the community (and get as fresh as possible) this store is one you want to visit.  This store is not cheap, however-be prepared to pay about triple what you would at the big groceries.
3	So far so good .. I bought their cured pork shoulder to use as a bacon at the Farmer's Market  . Tasty stuff. Looking forward to trying other products.
5	Fantastic selection of natural pork and grassfed beef.  And they'll cut you anything you want right there.  I told them i wanted to try to cook a little pork belly myself after having it as an appetizer at some fancy restaurants - and they offered it to me either the way they normally sell it (cured) or raw the way the restaurants get it.  I'm trying my hand at it fancy restaurant way - besides it's only $3.75/pound!  (and about $19 as an appetizer for about 4 oz).  When we first walked, a couple from Australia was dreamily biting into slices of ham they had asked to sample.  They said they struggled moving to town to find farm fresh pork, but that this stuff was amazing.  A bunch of different kinds of ham and of course the most popular stuff, the bacon.We struggled to limit ourselves to some standards (pork chops, chorizo, bacon), and just one new thing to try (that pork belly).  But we'll be back! Especially now that they have grassfed beef too!  So much easier than waiting for the farmers market on Saturday to buy from the local cow farmers.  And btw, the prices were fantastic!  Compare their prices on natural pig or grassfed cow to anyone - and you'll see.  We'd already bought grassfed Tenderloin earlier today at a farmer's market so it was fresh in my mind! We'll be back!!  yummy, fresh, natural, and friendly!
5	Love the Meat Shop! Their pork products taste so much better than anything you'll find at the local grocery stores that you'll wonder if it has really been pork you've been eating before! The rashers are delish, ground pork far superior, pork steaks make great schnitzel...I could go on and on. I will have to admit that I prefer Schreiner's chorizo though. Plus, its a local company so if you're a locavore, this is the place for you.
5	Saturday is often "fresh day," when you can get pork literally straight off the hog! 4 lbs of boneless shoulder? No problem. 1.25" pork chops? Coming up. The Meat Shop has the freshest, least expensive pork in the Valley, and you should definitely shop there. They're getting the grass-fed beef figured out; bear with them while they iron out the order schedule for beef.On my last visit, for $24, I got:1.5 lbs breakfast sausage4 lbs boneless pork shouldFull rack of ribs
4	A while back we picked up some Sweet Italian Sausage from the Farmer's Market and we kept it in our freezer.  Finally we broke out the good stuff to make our own bangers and mash and it was DELICIOUS!  The sausage is flavorful yet mild and the insides are really tender and they crumble when you cut into it.  You can just tell by looking at it, that this is good stuff.  It also smells wonderful as it's cooking.  I really enjoyed it and thought it tasted great.  I will definitely be sampling more of their meat.
4	Visited with Paul today at the actual store on Buckeye ..Very helpful guy! while the shop is not much to look at , you can't beat getting the meat right straight from the butcher's hands. This stuff is super fresh  and I can tell you the chops we had tonight were very tasty. I wish I had gotten more chops for sure!   I also purchased some ground beef to try , bacon , and a shoulder  for slow cooking tomorrow.   If you haven't tried it yet I suggest you do , they have  great pork  and beef in the store that is locally  grown  . You are buying from Arizona  by buying here versus the Grocery store. This is wholesome ,  Talk about fresh from the farm , it doesn't get much fresher.
5	So this may be a little premature, because I haven't actually eaten any of this pork yet, but just looking at makes me want to give it 5 stars.I stumbled on this place after searching for some good pork for sausage making.  I got some pork butt and back fat.  Little did I know that I didn't even need the back fat because the butt had such beautiful marbling and a nice thick fat cap.I was also able to get some leaf fat, which is very hard to find, but it's the absolute best fat to render into lard for baked goods.I also snagged a nice grass-fed beef chuck roast, which was surprisingly reasonable given the fact that it's grass-fed.I will be frequenting this place quite a bit, I think.
5	GREAT!!! The meat is so fresh and you dont have any preservatives. They dont feed you meats from animals that were fed with steroids and old animal parts like the common grocery store!!! EXCELENT!!!  WILL BE BACK!
4	Love the fact that we can get fresh local meat at reasonable prices. I tried the Hot & Sweet Italian sausages as well as some Chorizo. I immediately thawed 1/2 of each of the sausages and made Sausage and Peppers for the 1st time. What I've found out over the years is you have a much better chance at a home run with fresh flavorful ingredients and I was not disappointed, the pork was amazing!Chorizo wasn't spicy enough for my taste.  It was missing something. Yet I still feel like I hit a home run and I will definitely be back for all my pork needs!
5	I have yet to make it to the store, but have purchased from the market stall a dozen times or so. Everything has been fantastic, from the sausage to the bacon to the porkchops. The chorizo isn't very spicy, but I'm okay with that-I can always make it spicier myself, and theirs doesn't have weird 'bits' in it, or reek of vinegar, like most others do. I always forget which bacon I prefer (english or buckboard?), but really I like it all. Beth, the owner, is always so nice and helpful with any questions I have. One of these times I will remember to phone order on Friday so I can pick it up at the market on Saturday.A little pricier than the groccery store, but some things I have found to be cheaper, everything tastes better, and even a starving student such as myself can afford to shop here on a semi-regular basis
4	It's worth 4 stars for the bacon alone.  I had been meaning to stop by for some time and finally cleared all the meat out of my tiny freezer.  When I got there at 8 on Saturday with my cooler I was the only customer.  The butcher and assistant were very helpful and my bacon, chops, steak and roast were all cut to order.  I also got some hamburger.  Everything was sealed.  Even knowing grass fed beef cooks quicker I still over did my steak. :(Unless you have incredible self control this place is like Costco when it comes to impulse buying and $100 and more is spent before you know it.  Because they currently only get one steer a week many of the popular beef cuts have a waiting list.It was definitely worth the trip downtown and I will be back again.
4	I was pretty excited when I came across The Meat Shop. Granted they are located is somewhat of an odd area, but worth going to the store (or you can find them at the downtown farmers market). The animals that are raised ALL NATURAL and  never fed any animal by-products. Their pork comes from their own family farm in Palo Verde, AZ and the grass-fed beef is raised by another local ranch. I slow roasted a pork shoulder that was amazing. They also run specials from time to time on items that they have frozen. The sausages are great! Check them out. Their like an old time butcher shop.
5	BACON, people!  Spicy Italian sausages, brats, even heirloom veggies by the pound?  Locally raised hogs and none of the extra chemicals the corporations and grocery stores use?  I have found my personal piggy promised land and it is The Meat Shop.  I headed over here with some buddies after hearing that some local restaurants and patrons have been taking notice of the flavor and quality they offer.  We were quite pleased.  The staff were helpful and knowledgeable about the meats, cuts, and preparation.  We grilled up everything that night - the sausages, the brats, the veggies... even the bacon... because, why not?  I think we spent a grand total of $20 and we still had enough leftovers to throw in with some sunny side up eggs and toast the next morning for breakfast.  This place is fantastic and surprisingly the same cost as most of the stuff you'll find in the grocery store.  I can't wait to head back over for round 2!
5	My kids had an absolute blast here.  There's a big glass window between the customer area and the cutting area, and the butcher in the back continually threw scraps of meat at the window.  They would stick, and my kids would laugh hysterically.  Alright, my kids aren't like other kids.  But the steaks (cut to order) and bacon cooked up wonderfully.  By far, the most fun I've ever had at a butcher shop.
5	I was very impressed with this place.  We wanted to serve Philly cheese steaks for an ASU tailgate and not only was this place the cheapest in town, they had outstanding meat quality, awesome customer services and the place was spot less.I will be back for sure.
5	This was my first time ordering from a butcher and I am now hooked. The meat is less expensive than the grocery store and the quality is so much better. You have the option of ordering grass fed beef or regular beef and the prices can't be beat. I needed the meat sliced paper thin and they did that with all 15lbs at no extra charge, which was great. They are very friendly and helpful unlike some other butchers I called. I highly recommend this place.
1	The Meat Shop is great if you're a high-end restauranteur but don't count on them to treat you with respect if you're not.  I ordered a ham for my Dad's 89th birthday and when I arrived to pick it up the said they "forgot to write it down."  Since I had already told my Dad about the ham (and played it up, since it was such a great place), I had to accept $50 worth of random ham end pieces rather than the beauty I was expecting.  We'll prepare the pieces in our traditional way and I'm sure it will taste great.  But the Birthday story will be about how I was "ripped off" and not about the family get-together.
2	I'm afraid I'm going to have to downgrade my prior review as I've been disappointed the past couple times I've purchased from the Meat Shop.  The staff is still great, very helpful, but the product has let me down.  First it was pork belly, the quality was not good-much fattier than my normal Asian market source but I figured homemade bacon's kind of a tough standard to judge quality as it's smoked and cured.  I then did a head-to-head with spare ribs and the ones from the Meat Shop were thin and tough while the ones I got at Smart & Final were meaty and juicy.I suppose if I better express what I'm looking for I might get better results but just because I don't that shouldn't mean I get crap, especially for triple/quadruple the price of the regular grocery store.
4	I spend more time thinking about the meat from The Meat Shop than I am comfortable admitting.  I've been around the block with both the beef and pork products.  Thank you beef ribs and pork shoulder.Take advantage of their "Fresh Days" to learn how much quality and freshness matter.  Sign up for the newsletter to catch great bargains, fun recipe challenges and to learn about weird meat industry things like the dehairing machine. (Can I get one of those for my legs?)Any complaints you may have will be the result of your own faulty cooking.  Don't be afraid to ask for cooking tips.  They are always happy to help.
5	Amazing place for meat, if you're ever in the neighborhood stop in for some meat. The staff is very knowledgable and friendly.
5	They "breed, raise, slaughter and sell their own meat."  Phoenix Magazine, January 2011.  The "shop" is a little room (maybe 15' x 15') with a counter where you place your order.  There aren't any fancy displays or pictures.  Your choices are on the wall behind the counter, and on small paper "menus"  on which you can mark your order.  The people behind the counter are very helpful and friendly. Maybe even a tad bit too helpful sometimes so the checkout process might seem unorganized.  But that's part of the beauty of this place--they are not corporate types trying to push as much product as fast as they can.   The little room also has a big glass window where you can watch the butchers cutting the meat.  If you have kids, the entertainment alone would be worth the trip.  But if you eat meat, actually cook, and live in the vicinity, a visit to this butcher shop could provide you with a viable alternative to corporate farmed pork.Please support this local gem.
5	Great place for organic, grass-fed, locally sourced beef and pork, both my dog and i love this place. I go about every week and a half, call in the order before hand for my dog (offel meats and femur bones), and my own food needs. I made some Tartar from the boneless rib-eye a couple of times, not cheap for this cut of beef but sure was delicious. The bacon is great too and I noticed that the cost is simular to the junk they sell at most grocery stores. This is probably the only place I would use meat for Tartar (raw) in the valley. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and most customers are really friendly and happy to share about what their favorites are.
5	Excellent service!  Great product!  Meat cuts prepared as I waited.  Prices reasonnable.  The best part was enjoying the excellent meals I prepared with the tender, tasty meat I purchased.  So happy to have found this place!
4	I have bought a few different things here but mostly I go here for the Irish bacon. If your a bacon fan you REALLY need to try it, it's awesome! They also have grass fed beef
5	I am in love.  Thank you to the one coupon I found for $5 off $50 in the South Mountain newspaper.  Otherwise I'm not sure how long it would have taken me to find this place.The service is fantastic and so is the product... (I'm told by my husband and kids as I am allergic to meat.)I love supporting a local company with a solid product.  I was shown around and assisted in picking out meat for my family.  Beef was limited as they start with stock on Fridays and I made my first appearance on a Wednesday.For $60 I bought-2 one pound packages of hamburgera large beef roastcooked, sliced ham for sandwiches2 kinds of baconspicy Italian sausages2 packages of pork chops- each with 3 3/4 inch thick ones for the kids and 1 1 inch think one for the husband.So far everything I cooked has been very very well recieved.  Not sure I will buy pork or beef anywhere else now.
5	Their bacon doesn't have sugar and their sausage is so yummy I have a problem picking out what I want.  I buy the ground pork and ground beef by the pound and almost always have some browned up and ready to go.  It is very difficult to find local grass-fed meat in Phoenix and this place is affordable and friendly.  I feel like I am going back in time and seeing a true butcher shop, really get to see where your meat comes from and what it takes to process it!  I am in love with this place - I wish the location was more towards the East valley but really that is just me being selfish.
5	I tip my hat off entirely to yelp for this find because without the yelp reviews, I would have probably never driven by this shop in the first place and if I did, I probably wouldn't have stopped. But thanks to the world of yelp, I know better! I can finally say that after months and months of reading up on the yelp reviews, I have officially tried The Meat Shop. The verdict? A+. A+ indeed! This week, we were celebrating a birthday and a birthday calls for the finest of feasts! Since we decided to make it a night in instead of a night out, I knew that it was time to check out The Meat Shop. I arrived at 3rd and Buckeye and passed it the first time by accident, but I quickly turned around and pulled into the parking lot. The only indication that it's there is a small sign and a large painted pig on the front. I walked inside to find a very humble store of only a small entry, counter and a large window that let me look straight inside to the butcher chopping his meat in front of my very eyes! It was definitely a sight and especially since Phoenix lacks many butchers in this fine city. In fact, I can't name many other shops that are only butcher shops. It's a lost art. I went to The Meat Shop knowing that their beef is top notch and their bacon is a must-try, especially after reading up on Scott W's review and seeing the pictures on yelp. Sadly, I am not that well-versed in my cuts of meat, so a butcher could have sold me a cow's right ankle saying it was filet mignon and I wouldn't have known the difference. But luckily Paul the butcher helped me out and he steered me in the right direction. Paul suggested I get the Tenderloin and a filet. The filet was for me and I asked him to keep it small (several weddings this summer so I must watch the waistline!) So he disappeared into the back to grab the meat and came out with two beautiful cuts (pictures included on the page). What caught my eye was that they were wrapped air tight and ready to be frozen if I chose to. Paul also pointed out that the cuts had barely (if any) fat on them, so they were very lean. Good for my waistline then right? All the meat is also locally raised without any added hormones, etc. So I had my meat, but I couldn't leave without some bacon. Did I need bacon? No. But could I visit The Meat Shop without buying bacon? Nope. I asked Paul which bacon was best and of course he brought me out all three styles and each style looked tasty. There was the bacon slab, sliced bacon and buckboard bacon. I ended up purchasing some with the excuse that "of course homemade three cheese macaroni could use some bacon..." So yes, I put bacon in the mac 'n cheese. The purchasing experience was extremely pleasant and I was appreciative to Paul for walking me through my purchase and helping me with my meatucation. He also told me that the meat would keep in the refrigerator for up to a week and then could be frozen as long as I liked.I got home and first fried up the bacon. I've never seen bacon sizzle so perfectly. Imagine what the bacon looks like in a Christmas movie when it's frying in a pan. This is what it looked like. Completely perfect. It tasted just as perfect (I had to have a bite!) It was like I was in my own Christmas movie with the beauty of this bacon. The next day, we grilled the steaks and after adding olive oil and garlic salt, the steak was ready to eat. I was told that a good steak doesn't need A-One sauce. Did this one need it? No siree! I will definitely be back to The Meat Shop, but the only downfall is that it's not exactly cheap and it's kind of a drive for me, so for that, I will leave my visits to The Meat Shop for a special occasion.Discount alert! When I was there, I also saw a sign for 50% off the meat that they had to freeze. Deal worth driving to for!
5	This is the place for grass-fed beef and top-notch pork. Oh, and lamb, too...that's their new thing. The Meat Shop is outstanding. They've got reasonable prices (though I strongly recommend visiting for the weekly specials), high quality, and spectacular customer service every time I've ever been in, which is quite often. This is the place for meat.
5	This place is AMAZING.Lesson learned: arrive early.  Call ahead and place an order.  Get on the mailing list.There is nothing better than getting your meat from and English butcher.  I recently read that you should develop a good relationship with your butcher.  They know the meat inside and out, and can give you the best tips when in comes to preparing or ordering.  This is that kind of place.  And it's only about 7 minutes from my house!We left with grass fed ground beef, grass fed patties, rashers, bacon (pork belly bacon... yum), 3 tbone steaks and a hunk of beef for roast beef.We didn't find exactly what we were looking for because they were out and it was mid afternoon on a Saturday.  Their advice was the above "lesson learned".This is the only place we'll be getting our meat from now on.  What's better than your very own grass fed butcher?  I can't think of much :)
5	Locally raised beef, pork, lamb and chicken?! YES PLEASE.  They have great weekly specials and any option you go with here is AWESOOOOOME!Don't blink or you will miss their main shop or you can pick up a selection of items at the Phoenix Public Market.  Wow I need to get on their mailing list.  The staff with pack and cut the meat to order especially on Fresh Fridays! Here is a tip! Their bacon is SOOOOOO popular people order it a WEEK in ADVANCE for pick up on Fridays!  Yeah I may be able to get some meat cheaper elsewhere but, you can't beat the flavor and the quality here!
5	I was looking for a butcher and I am so glad I found this place!  The BACON is soooooo good!  I also asked for some thick cut pork chops which I stuffed with Fontina cheese for New Years eve.  They were so tender.  I made my decision and won't look back.  This place is my new meat shop.  Can't wait to return to try their steaks and brisket.  Also looking forward to seeing them at the downtown farmer's market.  No more AJ's for me.PS- I love the way they package the meat.  Great for freezer or fridge.UPDATE . . . One year later . . .  December 1, 2012, still going to The Meat Shop.  I ordered some meatballs for the first time.  They look so good.  Making spaghetti n meatballs for dinner (I didn't have to do all the work of making meatballs).  Check out my pictures Yelpers.
4	As some one on the Paleo diet, I'm always on the look out for grass fed meat. If you add them on facebook you can catch their weekly specials...very worth it. It is a clean establishment, they are very knowledgeable and can help you select your meat for that special meal. Their chorizo is delicious. I can say that every week we usually have something in our fridge from there.
3	The meat shop has 100% grass fed beef, which means that they also finish their beef with grass (alfafa) which cant be said for every place that claims to have grass fed beef.  This is great if you are trying to eat food the way its supposed to be, none of that factory farming...However the same can't be said for the pork.  The pork (or at least the bacon) contains nitrates which keeps me from eating it.  The farm that provides the pork also feeds the pigs grain.This place would be perfect if they were able to get pigs and chickens that are pastured centered and not fed grain as part of their diets.  Until then I'll stick to their great prices on the grass fed beef and obtain my chickens and pork from somewhere else.
5	One of only two places I buy meat. Highest quality pork and grass fed beef in AZ. Follow on Facebook and get Deals of the Week info. Ordered my 5lbs of pork belly and 3lbs pork tenderloin for my porchetta I made for Thanksgiving. Best stuff ever.
4	Why I have been waiting to write a review about this place is beyond me but I'm here now :)The guy who works the front counter was super nice.  Fantastic bacon!! Seriously the best I've ever had!! I also picked up a 2" thick ribeye. Now the steak was perfectly great but the bf overlooked it so it was medium which is a crying shame if you ask me...rare is the only way to eat steak to me but the flavor was definitely there. Run do not walk to The Meat Shop!!
5	Words cannot express how much I love the meat shop. I love it like a fat guy loves the place that sells him the best bacon he has ever had... because I am and it is.I'll be honest, it can be a bit intimidating walking in to the Meat Shop for the first time, if you aren't a chef and don't know your cuts, you may be afraid, but don't fear just ask for help because the staff are excellent!Whether beef, pork or lamb, the meat here is always the best quality, and knowing its locally raised and by people who care about what they are doing makes it even better. And price? I've never compared closely but I don't really think twice about the price here!Be warned! If you buy meat here, you will be ruined! You will never again be able to purchase that saltwater packed, antibiotic injected, hormonally treated, ammonia and pink good filled crap in your supermarket again!And that is a very, very good thing.
5	Don't let the looks of the place deceive you.  The Meat Shop carries the best grass fed and local cuts of meat.  The butchers at this shop are super friendly and accommodating and will readily answer any questions you have.  You'll love all the meats here, but you have to try the bacon - it's like candy.
5	After a serious juice fast spent watching food documentaries about how we treat the animals we eat in this country I strongly considered becoming vegetarian. Then I watched a film called "Fresh" about the grass fed and natural meat farmers. That led me to google which led me to the meat shop which led me to stalking their website and facebook page for almost a month before I decided it was time to check it out. My first visit was to get some brisket and few other things I thought I would try. They cut the brisket to a flat cut which I prefer and knowing now for next time I will ask they trim the fat off since I'm pretty sure I bought at least a 1.5 lbs of it that I then had to cut off and discard, a pork loin and some beef burgers. All were excellent with the pork loin being my favorite. My second trip I got a lot more adventurous. A rib eye, NY Strip(still in my freezer), pork sirloin tip steaks, a flat iron, ground beef, and bacon...oh the bacon. The morning I made the bacon I referred to it as a life changing bacon experience...come to think of it I haven't had bacon since and don't know if I can. Thats how good the bacon from The Meat Shop is.Currently my wife has become a vegetarian and I'm eating a lot less meat right now too but I know that steak is waiting for me in the freezer and I know when I do want meat I'm going to the Meat Shop. Grocery stores are rip offs when comparing the quality you are getting. The store might be in a "questionable" neighborhood but what part of Phoenix isn't? They are nice they are clean and you will not get a bad meal out of this food no matter how hard you try...just don't cook the beef more than medium, if you do you don't deserve the meat shop.
5	It does not get better than this butcher shop.  Delish cuts of meat, very clean, great help, and great butchers and owners.  I have been buying pork from them for 2-3yrs. now and it just gets better.  Now they are doing alot of the skin on roasts and porchetta, which is to die for!  The nice thing is it is all locally raised, the pigs, beef and chicken.  I drive down from Cave Creek and it is worth every mile!
5	If you want to buy local, grass-fed, good quality meats you have found the place to do so! Keep an eye on their facebook page for weekly specials and events, too!Don't be surprised when you drive to the shop though, it's not in a great end of town. The shop itself is very small, but they carry a pretty good variety considering how tiny they are. I think my fiance was a little sticker-shocked since we are accustomed to paying normal grocery store prices for normal, low quality meat... but it's worth the extra money if you are able to afford the good stuff!
5	I ended up at The Meat Shop because I was simply frustrated with buying meat at the local grocery store, cooking it, and then hating what I cooked because the meat was too tough. Simply put, I was tired of wasting good money on crappy food. (Um, I'm a pretty darn good cook, in case you're wondering.) Realizing that I really don't know how to choose meat, I decided to go to an actual butcher shop and hope for the best....After three visits, there aren't enough compliments I could ever give this establishment. The first time I went there, this lovely woman helped me pick out some wonderful beef sirloin tip for stir fry and pork hock to make some delicious Filipino-style stew (munggo and sinigang in case you're wondering). I've never been to an actual butcher shop, so to talk to someone who understood what I needed (and what I was trying to avoid) was really helpful. Plus, she was a woman, which to me was a big PLUS! During that trip, I also pre-ordered some pork belly.Well, after making some incredible dishes with the meat, I was so pleased with how everything turned out. While I love to cook, I don't always eat everything I make. I get bored with my cooking. Since I made a large pot of two different stews, I thought for sure I was going to have to throw a small party or let the food go to waste because I was just too bored to eat it. Um. I was wrong.Though each pot last me quite a few days, I pretty much ate everything to the very last bite. After that, I realized that the quality of meat really makes the difference. The pork hock was perfect for the stews. I loved the sirloin tip for stir fry. Grass fed beef doesn't need a long cooking time and it tastes so much better than what I've previously had from Costco and other grocery stores. Finally, the pork belly was amazing! Note: It's best to order in advance so you're guaranteed to have it.Finally, the people that work there are so helpful and friendly. Both women that I've encountered really knew their stuff and took the time to show me different meat options for what I was going to cook. Also, there was a wonderful gentleman who checked in with me and asked me how my dishes turned out. (I swear I'll get their names next time.) Every time I leave, I'm always excited and inspired to cook my next series of dishes. For me, coming here is definitely worth the trip!
5	I was a vegetarian for over a decade, so meat intimidates me, grocery store meat freaks me out and the ethical questions of eating meat still weigh on my mind. The Meat Shop gave me a painless transition to adding meat to my diet, first by enjoying their product at place like Gallo Blanco and Palette and then when I finally made it in to the shop.I want to eat grass fed beef, humanely raised pork and free range chicken (you get the idea) and don't want to pay a huge markup for these products. I want to talk to the people who are directly involved with the suppliers, and I can find all that at the Meat Shop. Everyone that works there is friendly, they give great tips on recipes and preparation techniques, there are women who work there, the hipsters and foodies haven't overrun this place, and the freezer boxes are a great value! They have great deals, we tend to go a little crazy when the ground beef is on sale so we always have an option for something wonderful in the freezer.
5	Went her yesterday nd got some English Bangers and some English Bacon.  YUMMO, they have a great aray of meat there, Will be going back there again, to get some Lamb next time.  Prices are very reasonable.
5	Two Words. Andouille Sausage. Go there and buy some. It's seriously fantastic. I like to think I've always had a knack for making pretty good jambalaya and have bought Andouille everywhere I can find it. The sausage here is hands down the best. Once I made jambalaya with the sausage from here I am never be able to make it again with any other sausage. The steaks are great too. I'm more of a midwest cornfed meat lover than grassfed but have to say they were pretty darn good.Service was very good too.
2	I tried this shop for the first time, $400 order, pork and beef boxes.The first experience at the counter was chaotic, the guy ringing all 3 ofus up was very confused, they need more counter space to breath.Meats: chicken wings very tough, pork chops (thin cut) very tough, hamburger very good, beef ribs tough loads of fat, bratwursts great taste but sawdust texture-very weird, chickens very good, bacon good but very salty and a lot of fat.They completely forgot to add my beef steaks in the order, not happy with that.I have been in the valley since 84, I honestly don't think the drive to the pit of Phoenix is worth it. Maybe it was a bad day.
3	I want to give this place a better rating but I just can't.....yet.  I had been meaning to try this place out for awhile, as I've been wanting to find a great butcher.  I think the problem I had here was that I didn't come for anything in particular and I felt really overwhelmed.  The service here was amazing though, as soon as I walked in, a man came out and spent time explaining the different cuts of steak and bacon and was incredibly helpful.  I do think the prices are a little steep but definitely not outrageous, and I'm willing to pay those for quality meat.  I took a to-go menu with me so that next time I'll be better prepared; apparently they have WAY more to offer then what's shown in the case and freezer.  The man also informed me that you can call orders in ahead of time so that it will be ready when you walk it; that's rad!  I like this place and I think it has the potential to wow, but I'm just not there yet.
5	A friend told me aboyut this place, and I HAD to try the porchetta. It was fantastic, by far the best piece of meat I have ever had and I cant wait to get another one!  The staff is super friendly and helpfull, and the meat is phenomenal. Get off yo bum and try this place, buy some amazing meat, you wont be sorry. And I most DEFINITELY reccomend the porchetta!
4	Great family owned place.  They own a farm as well as the meat store.  The pork chops, chorizo, and NY strips all looked great.  We bought pork chops with and without the bone and cooked them that night on the grill.  They were fantastic,  We don't eat pork chops very often so it was a nice treat.  The lady was very nice and at least you know where you are getting your meat from.  It's a little bit of a haul to get there but an easy drive and helping a small local business is always worthwhile.
5	Fresh local meat! Good stuff and good prices!!I love this place!
5	The food is awesome never had better meat than here, Good quality.
5	Wish I could give this place more than five stars. If you understand the concept of grass fed beef, this place will become your go-to butcher shop forever. Not a good location, small shop, but they do a fabulous job. Allison is the very best.
1	A 40 mile round trip drive only to be told by the snotty butcher that you can only buy stuff that is listed on their web site as for sale if you're on "The List"?  Yeah, no thanks. I'll just keep going to Hobe Meats and ordering stuff online.If you do decide to bother with this place, call ahead. Just because they have it on their web site with a price next to it apparently doesn't mean it's actually for sale.  While calling, also ask how to get put on "The List", because that info isn't on their site either.
5	After doing some research into grass-fed, pasture raised beef, I decided to make the switch from the corn-fed stuff you find at the grocery store and find a local butcher with high quality meat. In come Yelp and The Meat Shop! After reading the reviews, I decided to call ahead and place an order. I can't remember the woman's name I spoke to but she was really friendly, super helpful and suggested different cuts of meat for what I had on my menu for that week. I was able to score some ground beef on sale that week so I picked up a few pounds of that (I normally do ground turkey but they don't sell any poultry) and also some beef tip steak for a stir fry I was cooking. While I was still a bit nervous about what to expect when I walked in, I found they were just as nice in person as they were on the phone. Pick up was easy and they had my order ready the same day. As other's have mentioned, the shop would be easy to miss driving down Buckeye but they do have a sign out front that has helped me spot it both times I've been. The second purchase I made was for a new roast recipe I wanted to try out. I should have asked before ordering a 3 pound beef roast because it was a bit more pricey than I'm used to paying at the store. $26 for 3 pounds. I have no hesitation in paying for quality food, there was just a bit of sticker shock when he rang me up. Next time I'll ask about pricing.All in all, a great place though and I'll be using them in the future for all my beef and pork choices. Now I just have to find chicken and turkey! Message me if you know of any place that pasture raised chickens and turkeys that's local!
4	First time there this past weekend and now an official fan! Meat is delicious there, priced fair and such a wide variety! Only thing I can say negative is the size of the actual customer area...it was so crowded in there I couldn't breathe! But it didn't seem to bother anyone, it was full so they're doing something right!
4	Only been here once before, but going back today. I'm not much of a cook and the people there were very helpful in picking out a good cut of meat and explaining how to best cook it properly, with my skill level. Wish it was open Mondays!
5	The wife surprised me on our anniversary with a cookbook. This is a risky anniversary gift for a dude, since most dudes don't get overly excited about cookbooks. This dude was excited though, because the cookbook wasn't an ordinary cookbook. It was a Feastbook. Specifically, a Game of Thrones inspired cookbook complete with medieval meals transcribed word for word in barely readable Middle English (thank you Mrs. Petticord, for requiring us to read Chaucer). The meal we picked required squirrel. Enter the Meat Shop.If there is a reason for a place called the Meat Shop to exist, it is either to sell things like squirrel or because prostitution has been legalized. And while I'm all for the legalization of prostitution, I'm also glad there is a place in Phoenix that sells squirrel. How do you eat coney? Young, tender, nice coney? Eat them raw! Eat them fresh! Or...put them in a stew like a good Hobbit. Am I mixing my fantasy worlds? Perhaps. Regardless, I enjoyed my 17th Century Hobbit meal from just south of the Wall. Thanks Meat Shop, for delivering.
4	Freshest Pork in Phoenix, hands down. Great people to work with who will make the cuts you need. The Pork is good, not like you get in Iowa but is the best in the Valley of the Sun.
5	This shop is great! Fresh, fresh, fresh.Friendly staff, quality product good prices....what more can you ask?I just wish they weren't so far from my home!
