4	First time here, found it looking for a dentist in or around Monona that will take Momentum from Unity, for us UW employees this is a great option.  Dr. Lee sold the business upon retiring to Dr. Jessica Kieker, very nice, very professional, very personal service.  Had a basic cleaning, exam and X-rays, had no problems, all went really well.  Have one small filling I have to have done, so may be back with a follow up.  Totally current equipment, so don't be put off by the fact that this is upstairs from the Chase Bank.  Basic dentist office, but very nice staff.  In and out in 45 minutes, nice shiny teeth.  AND, no one tried to sell me teeth whitening or braces.  Man, that's become my number one dentist criteria - stop trying to sell me crap I don't want.  They offer it all, but I didn't get the sell job.
1	Avoid this dentist at all costs and go elsewhere. This man is a greedy con artist. I went to see him after a year or two of avoiding the dentist, and in need of a general checkup and teeth cleaning. I went to him due to a Groupon that seemed to have a good deal. Unfortunately, when I got there, he did the usual, x-rays, exam and everything, but then sternly and authoritatively told me I have not just gingivitis, but periodontal disease. For those that don't know, this is a very serious disease that involves bacteria so far underneath the teeth that they are literally eating away at the bone. Pretty serious stuff that just happened to require a $1000 extra deep cleaning that he was willing to do for me. Totally freaked out, I went to MATC here in Madison and got a teeth cleaning for $30 where they also took x-rays and had two dentists on duty. Without me even asking them, both dentists said I have excellent teeth and that it's quite obvious I've been taking good care of them. Even the students who cleaned my teeth commented on this initially. I then asked them about the periodontal disease, and if gingivitis is even a possibility. Both of them said no, not in the slightest, but took another look at my x-rays just to be sure, ultimately making the same assessment. Once again, they told me my teeth were in excellent condition.Now my father happens to be a dentist as well, but he's been retired for some time. Nonetheless, I sent both sets of x-rays to him, from Dr. Lee and MATC, and asked him his opinion. He concurred with the MATC dentists that I most certainly do not have periodontal disease or even gingivitis, and he strongly advised me to no longer go to Dr. Lee. Obviously, I never will, but I want other people to understand what a scam artist this guy is. Do not go to him, unless you want to be lied to and have your money taken from you.Oh, and I wanted to add this little part as well. After they told me very sternly that I have periodontal disease, I lightheartedly said "Well, looks like it's time to turn the ship around then, and do what I can do reverse course." I expected at least the tiniest bit of encouragement from them, but none was forthcoming. In fact, the vibe I got was a very strong attitude of paternalistic judgment. Very odd and offputting. I now see it was part of the act. Whatever you do, don't go there. This man is a liar and a fraud. And unfortunately, even his staff seems to be in on it.
5	I had been going to Dr. Lee for well over a decade and he and his assistants have been a step up from the other two dentists I have seen over the years. The staff was always friendly and professional.  I have been back twice since he sold the shop to Dr. Kieker last year. Once for a cleaning in the fall and then for a crown in Feb. Both times the staff and the Dr. have been great! Mostly all the same people- fun , friendly and they seem to care about their customers as people. I would highly recommend them to anyone..
5	I've been Dr. Lee's patient since 1969 and obviously have lots of faith in him and his work. Dr. Kiecker has taken over the practice and she's doing a great job! The office staff and hygienists are all very competent and friendly. There's no way I would change dentists.
5	I consider myself very lucky to have found Great Day Dental.  Dr. Lee and now Dr. Keiker are both very competent.  All of the hygienists are professional and try hard to be gentle.  However, the star of the office is Judy.  She is a pro at navigating insurance plans.  She has always helped me plan for the dental expenses.  I highly recommend this dental office.
