4	I happened to be working out across the street from grazie at the village and noticed a now open sign on the front of the building.  this is exiciting because there is nothing better than feeding your deprived body after a long workout.  I walked across the street to meet my buddy for some pizza and salad. Upon entering it was really loud and hard to hear. maybe because I am approaching the big 30 I am going deaf... maybe not?  anyhow the restaurant is laid back with a wine bar and multiple tables and unique lighting throughout.  I was approaced by the hostess and quickly seated around many families and kids playing on gameboys or portable dvds.  Our waitress Lauren came over wearing a nice scarf and was a sweetheart. we later learned she manages the grazie in verrado.  I asked her if she took a helicopter out there for work or just rode her bike.  we started out with the salad emiliana which consisted of arugula, baby greens, onions, red peppers, pine nuts and freshly grated parmesan cheese with a balsamic vinagrette.  This was tasty. lauren then brought us some fresh bread and olive oil with more cheese. good thing I am not lactose intolerant ladies :).  we then ordered the pizza toscana with sausage.  this was good.  the crust was a little burnt but tasty. the sausage was great and it was a thin crust deal.  The sauce was a little bland but we were starving and it was tasty.  you can never really have bad pizza.  Lauren then asked if we wanted desert.  unfortunately she was not on the dessert list... so we were forced to try the dolce della casa which was GREAT.... This consisted of a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with chocolate hazelnut sauce and banana topped with vanilla ice cream.  This was insanely great and you have two sizes to choose from small and large. the small is plenty to share for 2.  Overall between the location, salad, desert and good waitress I will return soon.
4	Great choice in choosing a spot to open your 3rd location, Grazie!~ DC Ranch can totally use another pizza place on this side of town!When Jared and I decided to go grab some dinner last weekend, we had no idea that Grazie would be so crowded - after all, this place just opened!  Well, word has gotten around, because it was a zoo!  We waited a few minutes for a table... and were both pleased to be seated inside shortly after.  The acoustics in the restaurant were not great.  We couldn't hear each other speaking let alone the music playing amongst all of the chatter.  Aside from that, we had a great meal...I actually met Jared at the Old Town Scottsdale location of Grazie almost 2 years ago, so it kind of holds a special place in my heart.  It's a consistent, laid back, old standby for pizza, salad, wine, and that amazing 'dolce della casa' dessert of theirs.  During this visit, we mixed it up a little and went with an order of the eggplant parm or 'melanzane parmigiana' as they call it; in addition to sharing a large insalata della casa.  I hate to say it, but stick with the pizza... the eggplant breading stood out more than anything in the dish... don't get me wrong, it was good, but the pizza is probably a better choice.  Of course, even though I begged Jared not to order that dessert, he went for it... and sure enough, I have no will power, and I ate my fair share.  I have to say - it's frickin' good too!  Don't ever tell me the nutrition info; i don't want to know it.  The ingredients make me feel guilty enough; it's a slightly charred sweet calzone filled with chocolate hazelnut sauce and banana and topped with vanilla ice cream.  Talk about a splurge!  And of course I took a huge bite just as I was tapped on the shoulder by a friend I hadn't seen in awhile - how embarrassing!  I think i was drooling chocolate at that point!So, all in all - Grazie is great... I am sure I'll be back to this and the Old Town location.  I do have one suggestion other than the acoustics in this place.  Please add protein options as add-ons to the salads!  (IE: grilled chicken, shrimp, salmon, and turkey).  If you had these options, I'd go more often for lunch and not feel like I was completely splurging with every visit!Lastly, if you go to Grazie, make sure to request Kaycee as your server - she's fabulous, and she's a fellow yelper!
5	First off, the map shown for Grazie's North Scottsdale location is misleading. They are located on the northeast corner of Union Hills and Thompson Peak Parkway. If you're not local, you can exit the 101 at Princess/Pima, go north on Pima to the first light, turn right on Union Hills (east) and take it until it dead-ends through TPP (there's a LOT more parking than it looks like at first).My wife and I finally got a chance to check out Grazie's newest location last weekend. Long story short...we're really sorry that we waited this long. We loved it.We shared a salad (which was excellent AND so large that we had to take some of it home) and a pizza, which we both loved as well. Re dessert...I prefer to drink desert. So, to follow up the outstanding bottle of wine we had (Liveli Passamante Negroamaro from Puglia (less than $25!!!)), I had a draft beer. Why mention that? The only draft beer they offer is Menabrea lager and amber. Menabrea! Can't get that very many places. Crisp and refreshing...an excellent way to finish off a great, inexpensive dinner. Salad, pizza, wine and a beer for $55. How good is that?!?We sat outside and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. We're definitely going to return for many future visits.I would have given them 4 stars, but the wine list is so good, and so reasonable, that they earn a 5th star. [I ordered a case of the Liveli from AJ's the next day.]
4	So far I have had the Napoli and the Roma.  Both very good pizzas; the Roma if you like anchovies.  Good football clubs as well.Cheers,Until then, get the beers in...
5	Great pizza - hot and tasty.  terrific wine list too.  very italian.  try the primitivo.  love it.
5	If you like quality pizza - Neapolitan-style - this is the place to go.  We had the Complimenti alla Mamma pizza which has mozzarella and ricotta cheese along with ham and sausage - I forget what else, but it's truly delicious.  The wine selection wasn't extensive, but was very nice.Also, contrary to another review I saw on here, the service was wonderful.  We came in maybe 20 minutes before close and our waitress was incredibly helpful and considerate - super nice.  She checked up on us regularly - water, recommendations on wine, how we liked the food, etc. - and we never felt either rushed or forgotten.  Excellent.
5	Come here with friends for every special occasion - the pizza, wine and dessert is DELISH.  I love the atmosphere here and the patio is the place to be on a cool winter night.  This is my favorite restaurant in Old Town (aside from Cowboy Ciao!)
5	Excellent service!Pizza is to die for!Don't miss the cheesecake dessert!You will never be disappointed with the pizza.Nice bar with Tvs to watch sports.
4	Picked up a take-away pie last night.  Yum.Pizza was good, but the crust was what made it.  I don't know what they're doing (I will be doing my best to replicate it), but Grazie...please don't change a thing! Thin, crunchy and chewy, with a little char.Staff was very friendly.  Have already added their number to my mobile.
5	Grazie's cheese pizza is my all time favorite. I love it because it is delicious and doesn't overwhelm you with tons of sauce. The Thompson Peak location is super cute and nestled in the mountains with a great atmosphere and patio. I love it!
4	I've come to appreciate Grazie. I had been to the one in Old Town 3 or 4 times a few years ago, and always thought it was okay. Maybe Grazie has improved over the past two years or maybe my palatte has changed, or maybe I was just really hungry. Either way, we had a great dinner there over the weekend! My boyfriend told me that I was  in charge of the ordering that night.... Pressure!! My order:Their bread was very good, perfect to go along with the salad we started with.The waitress brought us a couple of wines to try. I went with the Nebbiolo - nice wineEmiliana salad: Arugula, mixed greens, red onions, red bell peppers, shaved parmesan. Good mix. I've always thought that Grazie is a little heavy handed with the oil and too light on the balsamic on their salads. Still slightly true. A dash of salt and pepper perfected the salad for me. Vegetariana Pizza:  (a waitress suggested to add red sauce, which we did and it was a great choice!). YUM! The carmelized onions and sweet peppers were delicious. Very good crust too. My highly carniverous boyfriend commented that he didn't even miss not having meat. The Grand Finale... Dolce della Casa. This is a calzone stuffed with nutella (we thought probably almost an entire jar) and bananas then topped with vanilla icecream. We ordered the small to share - I can't even fathom the large size. It was delicious! Very rich, so neither of us could finish. Our waitress was very attentive and helpful. We enjoyed the perfect weather on the patio. A little traffic noise - I'd prefer the patio not facing Thompson Peak Pkwy. Definitely going back to Grazie!
4	First things first, this place is in the middle of no where. It is a little hard to find if you are not familiar with the area and heaven forbid it is dark, (which it was) then it makes it even harder to find because there hardly no lights leading up to this place. But once you find it..... OMG!! I had the pleasure of going here recently with a friend of mine. Once we got there we were a little worried because the website said they closed at 10pm but the sign on the door said 9pm and it was a little after 8. Yikes. Especially since it was pretty empty. But no worries, they welcomed us with opened arms. It is quite different from the Grazie in old town Scottsdale. This one is bigger and more modern but the food is still amazing. We ordered a bottle of the House Chianti, the Insalata della Casa with the creamy gorgonzola, Vegetariana and the Sofia. First things first, I was either really hungry or that salad was really good. I am going to say that the salad was really good. Perfect blend of cucumbers, red peppers and even olives (I don't even like olives and I ate some of those). Next came out our lovely pizzas. I have never seen so much prosciutto on one pizza in my life. OMG! It was perfect. I had the Vegetariana, which was still as amazing as the first time I had it but my friend ordered the Sofia and we were both like WOW that is alot of prosciutto. We were in pizza heaven. Needless to say we each ate our entire pizza and finished off the Chianti. I felt like a pig but our lovely waitress told me that she sometimes does the same thing so no worries. Considering that she was super tiny and gorgeous I took her word for it LOL. So will I come back, HECK YES! I am not sure if I will visit this location again or the one in old town Scottsdale, but either way its a win win. The service was good, the pizza was good and the company was great.
