1	I'm giving this Carl's Jr. one star for every Carl's Jr. out there.  Back home, Hardee's is THE place for breakfast.  The best biscuits in any fast food chain for sure (even better than Bojangles!)I pull up to Carl's Jr. this morning expecting to be greeted by a menu chock full of delicous, biscuity breakfast goods.  No dice.I told them I hated them and drove off, vowing never to return again.And I still haven't gotten my fast food buttermilk biscuit fix in Vegas.
1	I'm not making this up, one afternoon after shopping at Office Depot, I had the sudden urge to use the restroom. So I went to the closest food place which happened to be this Carl's Jr/ Green Burrito. Anyway, I go into the restaurant and their only like 3-4 people in the restaurant, and they all just look "shady". But when "nature calls" you try to look past that. So, I go to the restrooms, and the entire restroom is empty, and I handled my buisness. I heard someone come in, and I opened the door to go wash my hands, and I swear there was a kid who looked 6 or 7 years old, and she turned around and looked right at me and she looked normal except she had an eyepatch that looked like it was made out of metal. I thought I was in "Children of the Korn". Anyway, this review is not about the food, and I will never eat at this Carl's Jr, because of this experience.
2	Not a fan-the prime rib burger was good but most of the burgers are just awful. This location is unique as it has a Green Burrito in it too so you can get a taco salad some burittos or whatever floats your boat. I like the taco salad but havent eaten here in years.
5	For this girl on a low-carb diet, nothing beats the Low-Carb Six Dollar Burger from Carl's Jr!  When I held that first one in my hand and devoured it with shameless glee, I had a full-on, earth-shaking, world-rocking, life-changing SIX DOLLAR BURGASM!!!    Swear. To. Gawd. Damn, I wish I had one right now.
5	I don't know what everyone is talking about this place was clean, Fe the lady running the counter was amazingly friendly and honestly it was the tastiest double western I've had in at least a year at this location! Good job guys!
1	We love going to Carl's Jr for some quick burgers any time of day.The restaurant was repulsing. It smelled like an animal took a massive, fresh dump in the middle of the room. GROSS. Also, if you have to use the restroom, DON'T GO HERE. My husband and I both used the restroom to our dismay. They smelled worse than the whole restaurant itself, and that's saying something.The food was fine though.
