4	Satisfying fresh drive thru food. Nuff said. I know a lot of people like In N Out, but I'm going to say it that I have a special spot for Fatburger as the late night choice. I mean a double double animal style is good, but sometimes I just want other options and I like the fries a lot more here. My favorite is the turkey burger  with all toppings or try it with some egg. A plus that burgers come in sizes, sometimes that late I just want a baby burger. I didn't know there was even one near me until I drove to Big Dog Draft House. Yay! Looks like we have another late night dinner pick up in the NW, we have very few options past 11pm when we have our night owl schedule.
3	So I hold 5 to a high standard, and although I am giving this one a 3 that dose not mean its bad. With that being said this place was good, the service was fast and friendly. Food was fresh and hot, even after the 10 minute ride home.
4	The staff is friendly. Food was Goooood!!! The food came out fresh and hot. Just the way u want it. Must be a SYSCO house.
1	I haven't been to Fatburger in a while and this was my 1st time to visit this location.  I'm a fan of Fatburger, but not this location.  Here's why.FOOD - 4 StarsI was prepared to give this place a 4 Star rating.  I noticed a new menu since my last visit to a Fatburger and ordered a XXL with all of the toppings & added Bacon & Cheese.  For a side, I ordered the Skinny Fries.After a 15 minute wait, I received my food.  To my surprise, the Burger was HUGE!  I should have paid more attention to the menu because this monster was more than I expected.....I guess I should have ordered a XL.I attacked the Burger and the Fatburger taste that I grew up with was still there.  The sharp flavor from the Mustard Relish and the Onions generated an explosion on my taste buds.  The Bacon was a nice addition and the Cheese was gooey and made it just right.  The Skinny Fries were just ok.Overall, the meal was awesome.....now, this is where it went from 4 Stars to 1 Star.....I went to the restroom to wash up since the Burger was pretty messy.  When I got to the restroom I was appalled at how disgusting it was.  It was worse than a Gas Station Bathroom.  The kicker was when I saw that the paper towels to wipe your hands were on top of the toilet.....what's the point of washing your hands when you're about to wipe it on towels that are contaminated from the toilet?!!!  See the pics I uploaded for details....you'll notice the brown paper towels sitting on top of the toilet tank and that the spot on the wall where the dispenser is suppose to be mounted has spots where plaster was used to cover up the holes...the hand towels are almost touching the toilet seat!!!  ....someone must have pulled it off the wall....but they're not going to replace it?  My issue with this is that is the same bathroom where the employees wash their hands.....gross.  To be fair, I've sent an email to their corporate office to make them aware of this situation....it can't be up to code...can it?  I hope not.Will I return?  Not until they fix the issue with the hand towels.
4	First tine at fatburger. Atmosphere: fast food Style restaurant Staff: friendly and prompt  Food: burger was delish, bun was heavy in texture, fat fries (needed salt and lots of ketchup, still had very little flavor), soda fountain needed recalibrated (not enough flavor, too much soda water. )Overall: I would eat it again, doubt I'd go out of my way for it.
1	Since I hadn't been to Fatburger in a while, I decided to stop in to get a burger and fries. I pulled up to the menu board in the drive through - which was barely visible because most of the lights were burned out. An employee came on the speaker and said that she would "be with me in a minute". I waited. And waited. And waited. After ten minutes with no response, I left. As I pulled around the restaurant I saw one car at the pickup window and three people sitting in the dining area, so they weren't exactly overrun with business. I know why.
4	There are only a few places I trust after a certain hour and this place is one of them. The food is made fresh to order. If you order inside or the drive-thru you should be prepared to wait. Since they are making it fresh it can take a while.First, get familiar with the size of the burgers here because they can get B-I-G! They have combo meals or you can easily just get a burger to satisfy your hunger.  Here are burger sizes:Small - 2.5ozMedium - 5.3ozLarge - 8ozXXL - 16ozXXXL - 24ozAs you can see they have a size for any stomach. There are also a nice variety of toppings you can add to your burger.They have a variety of crispy and grilled sandwich options. If you prefer turkey or veggie burgers they have them too!You can also choose from chicken strips, hot dogs, and salads.They have "fat" and "skinny" fries.Grilled onions, jalapenos, and peppers are available upon request.The shakes are ALL very good! Try one *if* you have room after your meal :)If you like breakfast check them out for that sometime they have a pretty good bacon and egg sandwich.
4	I absolutely love Fatburger. I hadn't been a customer in going on 5 years, when I chanced upon this Fatburger on Rancho,,,,I ordered the xxl cheeseburger, chili cheese fries,  and a coke. I think the tab came to around $15, give or take a few.  Yep, it's a tad spendy,  but in my opinion you do generally have to pay for quality,  and for fair wages for the grill staff. I don't  mind, my understanding is  (  and maybe I'm  wrong,  but I don't think so ) they pay the workers better than most Fast Food burger stands.Anyway,  the burger and chili fries were AMAZING. I'll  be honest,  the sheer size and majesty of that xxl cheeseburger scared me a little  ( that doesn't happen often ) I wondered if id be able to "kill the beast " !   Huge. Juicy. Flavorful. Unique. A classic monster built burger. Did I mention Flavor ?  Abundantly flavorful.The chili cheese fries are also amazing - because they are prescisely  what chili cheese fries are supposed to be, in my opinion. Thick tasty fries, smothered in flavorful chili with cheese. No beans. No fake cheese. No greasy limp fries. They were wonderful.Like I mentioned at the top,  I hadn't  been a customer for years. The last Fatburger I ate at was in Redondo Beach,  So Cal.  Then moved to Idaho,  then here to beautiful Vegas !   So happy to see Fatburger has a presence here  :-)  For the "chain " burger stands1)  SmashBurger2) Fatburger3) Tommy's 4) In N OutNot necessarily in that order,  depending on my state of mind.
2	So as a kid I came here with my friend, and we watched in horror as her patty was accidentally flopped on the counter. Only just a bit. At least according to the guy who put it right back onto the grill. Maybe he thought we didn't see. Maybe he thought ten year olds wouldn't care. But my friends' mom sure did, and demanded another patty be made. I didn't go back for many years, until after high school, when I decided to try their veggie burger. Which turned out to be nothing but a Boca burger. For basically the same price as a regular one. It is fine that they offer it at all, but do not kid yourself into thinking that makes it ok to act like it is takes just as much time and effort as the meat patties, and therefore should be priced like them. Five dollars. Five dollars. Really?
3	There are some strong points when it comes to Fatburger. The music, for one, stands out in my mind. They always have good music playing. I like that you can watch your burger being made. It is like the ultimate in quality assurance watching everything the cook does. I like that the burgers are made fresh. There is a certain quality that you can taste in the freshness.  They do make a good burger. I admit that. My main issue with Fatburger is the price. In what world does it make sense to charge $10.99 for a burger, fries and a Coke at a fast food chain restaurant. I can get more food for the same price at a place like Red Robbin. A crazy price like $10.99 steered me away from the combo so I ended up with just a burger for over $6.00.   I guess I shouldn't complain too much though. It forced me to stick with my diet a little bit.
2	Service was very friendly. But this location needs a deep cleaning. It is very dirty with dirty bathrooms. Cleanliness is not a priority for this location
5	I'm always on the hunt for a great shake, and man are theirs good. Got the chocolate today and it was spot on; thick but still drinkable, rich but not too sweet or syrupy and topped with a real whip cream dome. I still haven't tried a burger lol but the shakes are awesome
4	I walked in with my wife wanting to try the XXXL food challenge that Fat Burger offers. The cashier was fantastic. He explained all the rules and what I needed to do to be a winner. My wife ordere a Baby Fat and it was cooked to perfection. I went for the XXXL Challenge. I sat down and dove into this 5LB burger! After about 30 minutes I was finished at the Fat Burger staff was amazed. They took my photo and posted it on the wall. They also gave me a certificate showing the achievment. Great place to have fun and try a food challenge.
1	I love fat burger and their prices are quite steep.  This location use to have the best staff ever.  Now the staff is horrible and the food taste like it was a pile of slop.  Everytime I order here they get my order wrong.  I am allergic to cheese and have you ever tried to peel cheese off your bread?  I order a burger NO cheese please, no relish please no mustard just mayo.WOW I get home which is quite a distance from this fat burger and guess what?My burger has CHEESE stuck to the bread couldn't get it off.  If I ate it I would end up in the hospital.  MUSTARD all over the thing dripping out , IHATE mustard.  And Relish on the burger that it was soggy by the time I got home.  I HATE relish.  This is more then 1 occasion where I have had this horrible experience at this location.  Today was the last time . I will NEVER go back here.  The staff is rude and I don't know if there is a language barrier or they are just flat out stupid but even the management lacks what is needed in this place.  Now I understand why they are so slow.  Too bad for the owner of this business because im sure if it keeps going the way it is it wont be in business to much longer.  FROM the DISGUSTED customer.
1	I walk in and there are a whopping 2 people in the place..... the cashier yells "gonna be a minute" with his back to me.  15 mins later without an apology finally asks me if "I was ready to order".  Place is run like shit....food was good though, unfortunately it isn't enough to bring me back!
5	YUM! I order my food on my lunch break, and it is ready when I get there. the staff is friendly. service is quick. and food is delicious - what more could I ask for?!
3	I remember years ago going to Fatburger and having a juicy fabulous burger that made you dream later of the wonderfulness you had just experienced!NOT this time! Just not what I remember..... It wasn't the worst burger I have had.... but not memorable either.I really wanted to give them 2 stars for the lacking of taste and quality... I tasted more relish than burger! I gave them 3 stars because of the fond memories of good burgers in the past!
