3	This Olive Garden is more crowded and a little dirtier than other Olive Garden's I've been to in the past.  Last time I was there, our waiter dropped half of my friend's meal on the floor right in front of her, put some of it back on her plate, and then didn't replace the rest.  This time, we had a really nice friendly waitress.  So I guess it's about what you'd expect from a chain; sometimes the service is good, sometimes it's not.
1	In General, I consider the Olive Garden chain to be one of the upper-average casual chain restaurant choices.  The Champaign Olive Garden has declined significantly within the last year.  I believe this is due to a change in management, but I am not 100% certain.  My last meal there was in November and the standards were that of poorly-run fastfood restaurant.  This is what I wrote about it at the time:"Remember how Olive Garden used to be a 'nice' place to have a casual meal?  Even though it was a chain restaurant and you knew most of the food was heated up in a microwave, it looked like real food and it almost tasted like it had been cooked.  It seemed a little nicer than your T.G.I. Fridays and your Applebee's.  Well, it's not like that anymore.  Not the one in C-U anyway.  I don't think I will be going back there ever again.   The first thing I noticed when I walked in was that the entire place reeked like a sour towel.  Someone had obviously wiped all of the tables down with a cheap disinfectant solution that had gotten a bit... ripe.  It was disgusting.  I proceeded to the bathroom to wash my hands before my meal where I found two employees lounging about and chatting while pretending to clean the restroom.  Since they did not find it prudent to tone down their conversation whilst a guest was in their presence, I got to enjoy a pre-dinner melodrama.  Apparently an employee of the Olive Garden is trying to file a sexual harassment suit and the management had been asking both ladies if they had experienced any inappropriate behavior.  And while the accused sometimes gets a "wild hair up their ass" they did not consider themselves harassed.  Speaking of sex, Manuel looked FINE this morning and when he came into work they were like "oh my GOD!"  When I got back to my seat, our waiter (who I admit was nice and attentive) served us a sample of white zinfandel that had the distinct vinegary taste of a wine that has been left uncorked for too long.  The food, which tasted decent, no longer looks, tastes or feels like real food.  Both the dinner and dessert had an artificiality to it that resembled an expensive TV dinner.  The textures were waxy and the cheese was lardlike.  While the flavors were bold, they tasted man-made and had a processed mouth-feel.  It was to real food what Velveeta is to real cheese.  The dessert, the chocolate torte, especially had the look of something that had just been plopped out of it's microwavable container.   The vanilla sauce was practically flavorless and the torte was only heated halfway, resulting in a jello-pudding like consistency to the fudge filling.  It is also made with artificial sugar now, which adds to its alien flavor and texture.  In truth, the food quality is comparable to a fast food restaurant.  The only difference is that they offer more variety and a few more low quality ingredients per dish.I know it's just Olive Garden.  I know it's an evil chain restaurant and a glorified McDonalds.  I guess the thing is that it didn't used to be this way.  I think I've heard that they are under new management.  It used to be satisfying in a guilty pleasure flavor overload sort of way and it made you feel sort of ok about it because it deceived you into thinking it was real food.  But now it's not.  The seams are showing.  Quality of service and presentation has gone way down.  Corners are being cut and it shows.  You can tell it is just a fancier Fazoli's and it's really had to pay $25-$30 bucks a person for some sour wine and some microwaved Italian Velveeta in a place that smells like mildew.
4	Man, this place is packed with moms, dads, and their UIUC-enrolled kids.  I swear, they used this location to film their latest commercial, about a college girl, her parents, and her (freeloading) roommates/friends.Sometimes you gotta fill a craving, and that means waiting an hour for a table.  And all Conan O'Brien/Jim Cramer jokes* aside, it's a pretty damn good place to go for the money. And the chairs have wheels! WEEEEEE!I swear, the soup/salad/breadsticks have sprinkles of crack and MSG, they're pretty addicting.  And I'm pretty sure they use one can of Morton's salt per serving bowl of salad.Tip: Make sure you ask for more salad and breadsticks as soon as you get your first batch, or the waiter will disappear until your entrees arrive.  By then, they know they got you pinned against a psychological wall, because who eats more salad with their entree?  Break past that wall of uncomfortability and continue to ask for refills until the check arrives.  Heck, ask for it after the check arrives.  It's like a glass of water - it should always be full.FYI, the sangria is f-ing expensive. BEWARE!*If you haven't seen Conan's impression of an Italian grandfather going to Olive Garden or the Conan/Cramer interview about Olive Garden, do so immediately.
1	I have tried this Olive Garden over the several years that it has been in Champaign and not once have I liked ANYTHING.  I don't get why it is so crowded all the time and people are willing to wait a long time just for a table.  The house salad is awful and so are all the soups.  I have tried several items on the menu over the years and I have always felt ripped off because it's so expensive as well as awful.  I try really, really hard not to go here but sometimes there are "those" people who choose this place to have their birthday dinner or graduation lunch and I am forced to go.
2	We went in there on Sunday for lunch, it was packed-well the foyer was at least. After sitting there for ten minutes we were led to a dinig area that was maybe 1/3 full of customers. I was a bit confused on their use of host and hostesess. There was one person taking names, another checking the names, two other standing their alternating taking the diners to their seats in the dated dining room. Christ the only reason we went to this place is because we had a gift card and I'm hoping the gift giver next year makes a better choice. So my wife ordered the fettucini alfredo with Chicken (she has a standard) and I ordered some sort of entre that appeals to men that only eat beef, toss it with some pasta and voila, Dinner!  The humorous moment was when the server asked me how I would like my braised beef done-it's braised, look it up. Anyhow the sauce with it was a cream base, had some portabella mushrooms with it and some fresh parsley (to make it appear fresh) though my entre looked like it has been sitting under the hot lights for a good 10 minutes. The salad we got was marginal (I don't get what the big deal is) and the breadsticks seemed like they'd been sitting in the basket for 10 minutes (not so hot)- While our food  wasn't absolutely horrible, I don't understand why this place is full all the time. I would love for it to be another 10 years (or more) until I eat here again....glad I wasn't paying for it!
4	Great soup and Shrimp caprice. The only reason why I go there.
5	I've been here twice and both times were great experiences for me despite the bad reviews on here.This location does get ridiculously packed all the time for some reason.  (Expect at least a 30 minute wait during dinner hours) but after we finally got seated, our service and food was always surprisingly good.  The complimentary and delicious bread sticks and salad always came out to our table within 5 minutes, and let's not forget these are endless!  Drinks and food came really quick, surprisingly quick actually considering the huge crowd waiting outside.  Our servers have always been attentive and friendly.Food is priced very expensive, but I think one knows that before they come here.  If you don't... well then you're in for a surprise.  Everything I've ever ordered though has been delicious and a big enough portion that I have enough for two big meals.  I don't go here all the time because of the price,  but when I do, the experience has always been great.  Let's not forget that every time I went they were offering complimentary wine, pouring us full glasses of it.  If you don't mind the wait to get seated, I definitely recommend this restaurant.
4	Jeff was awesome! Made us feel very welcome.
2	I just don't get why people wait in line to get into this place.  My family and I go here from time to time, but I think today's visit will be our last.  We got a table right away, but we waited about 15 minutes before our waitress arrived.  She apologized and said no one had told her that we were there. I ordered bruschetta and salad and my companions had soup and salad.  Olive Garden's soups are pretty good, I'll grant them that.  But the bruschetta was just awful.  It was just toast with chopped tomatoes, no garlic, salt or olive oil at all.  The breadsticks and salad  were just ok; I don't see why people rave over them.  Salad did have pepperoncini peppers, which were a nice touch. The waitress was polite but seemed to be either new or overwhelmed. She never refilled any of our drinks and just seemed sort of distracted. We left her a nice tip though.  I've been a waitress and know how hard it can be, especially at a chain restaurant where the crowds and their demands are never-ending.  I'm no food snob, but Olive Garden seems to aspire to lowest-common-denominator, faux-Italian food for people who've never had the real thing and don't know what they're missing.
3	Commercial Italian - had a gift card so needed to use it.  Moderately priced value for what is presented and always something to bring home
2	Overpriced just "okay" italian food.  My dinner included overcooked (mushy) pasta and overcooked shrimp...husbands chicken had gross fat and chewy sections.  Not worth the $50 price tag...should have ate at a local joint.
3	Went with a friend recently. Food was typical Olive Garden fare, great soup and bread sticks, and OK-ish entrees. But the service wasn't the best (I am not sure if the bread sticks came out late because they were being baked or if the waitress forgot, but we had wait for about 15 minutes after ordering our food before reminding her - I mean come on, their bread sticks and soup is one of the few reasons I even go to that place !). Other than that, their smoked mozarella fonduta was pretty good. Nothing much to write about the rest of the experience.
1	I wish I could say something different than most of the other comments but alas I cannot. The service was the worst I have had in some time. We waited ten minutes for two glasses of sangria, when that finally arrived the waiter took our order (some couples combo that included an appetizer). The the size of my drink was quite small so I finished it rather quickly and waited for our server to have another ten minute personal conversation with the table next to ours meanwhile we were still waiting for our breadsticks and salad... After about ten more minutes the waiter showed up with the breadsticks and salad. At that very same time our main entree came out. We sent it back since we had not had our salad or even our appetizers yet. I then ordered another drink. Ten minutes go by while we gnawed on old cold breadsticks and soggy salad still waiting on my drink and our appetizers while intently listening to our waiter recall his hometown antics with the table next to us. Finally the drink and appetizers arrive after about five more minutes, shouldn't have waited for it though The ravioli was cold and chewy, I mean cowhide chewy... Then our main course comes back out. Back out as in from the heat lamp. One bite in we realized the cheese had separated and it was barely warm. Needless to say after a small chat with the manager explaining how I would not return due to poor food and even worse service we left without being charged. In the end, save your time, save your money, and do not eat here, there are much better establishments in champaign.
5	Best food ever! End of discussion. I love coming here! Friendly waiters and delicious breadsticks!
4	We had a gift card and we were crusing through on a road trip. Why not. Alexis was great. She was new. Thought she did well.
5	This Olive Garden really emphasizes excellent service in everything they do. Olive Garden is number one on my list for affordable Italian without sparing the classy ambiance. The food here is wonderful - I always start by sharing the smoked mozzarella fonduta before moving on to the always flavorful minestrone soup. Whatever you order for your entree, make sure you save room for dessert - the white chocolate raspberry cheesecake is to die for!But more than the food and environment, the customer service here is what makes this Olive Garden unmatched. I have never been greeted by a more cheerful and enthusiastic wait staff; they genuinely enjoy working there and making pleasant conversation with the diners. I always tip my servers well, because they really do make us feel like part of the family!
3	Service was relatively slow. Foods were salty: the breadsticks were salty, the soup was salty, and the pasta was salty too. The service and foods don't worth the price.
3	This Olive Garden leaves me very confused. Went here two weeks ago and the food was as good as any other Olive Garden I've had. However, yesterday we went with a larger group and the food that my girlfriend and I got (Mixed Grill and Chicken Alfredo) was really subpar. I don't know if this is because it was a Friday night and they were rushing the food, or some other reason, but it was really disappointing.The service was good (even though the waiter was a bit awkward). The restaurant also seems a bit worn compared to other Olive Gardens I've visited.
4	My fiance took me here for my birthday in August. We were immediately seated, so far so good. Then our waitress took forever to come to our table and bring our drinks to us. We weren't feeling good about this. Then she brings out the wrong entree for me ( or she put the order in wrong) so we pointed this out. She apologized and took it back and we thought we made a mistake coming here. My fiance didn't want to eat his, finish and wait for me to get mine but what else were we to do? We were prepared to leave a poor tip and a complaint after we finished but before we could decide what to do, the manager came out and apologized profusely. He immediately understood that my fiance didn't want to wait so he kept his plate hot while they made a fresh entree for me. Also he insisted that both our meals be on the house as well as free dessert. We weren't looking or expecting a free meal, just an apology, but it was awesome that he came out and addressed it before we could lodge a complaint. That's proactive and we appreciated it. Mistakes happen but as long as management attempts to make it right, which they did here, means we will be back.
4	This rating is based on my most recent visit because it had been quite a long time since I had been here.Nuts and bolts: Went with the family to celebrate a birthday.Order: 1 app, 3 orders of soup, salad, and breadsticks, 1 rosemary chicken, and 1 lasagna.Pros: Everybody left content and very full. Our waiter kept the breadsticks and salad coming. Multiple orders of soup were taken. Love the extra cheese on top of anything you want. Great price- got all that food for around $60 plus tip. Our waiter was very attentive and made us laugh a few times. Even wished my dad a happy birthday because he overheard us mentioning it being his birthday lunch.Neutral: Rosemary chicken was OK. Chicken gnocchi soup could have been a bit spicier. Minestrone was OK.Take home: Kinda wish I had tipped my server more (I did a bit over 20%). He was wonderful.
1	Very poor quality food. The only bright side of this dinner was the pleasant waitress.  Our pizza was mushy and undercooked. I ordered the chicken toscano and it tasted like straight up balsamic vinegar and the risotto was pretty bad. I couldn't eat it. The description was nothing like the actual entree.  But the staff is really nice.
2	Extremely poor service !  Waiter always making excuses,  food not as good as in past!
3	I have been to this Olive Garden so many times over the years. And this is the first time I was disapointed. Our poor waiter was so over worked. The blond female manager had sent people home and they then got a rush. The funny as heck black bald waiter we had was the best. He handled 10 tables with grin and a joke for each. He was as fast as he could be. The food was okay. But our waier honestly made the visit as good as it was.
3	I love olive garden, but this one seems to have poor service.  The only reason why I keep coming here is for the salad and breadsticks.  I went here for my birthday this past Saturday and it was probably the best service I got and it still wasn't that great.   The wait wasn't as long as usual but that could be cause it's summer.  I wish they let us enjoy our salad longer, but that's probably cause they don't want us to eat several bowls of it cause it's unlimited
2	Restaurant review:It was a stormy fall night and we had just finished shopping at the local Toy R Us. We decided to take a quick dinner here and was hoping for a solid Italian dinner. Alas not so good. I ordered the steak medallion Gorgonzola fettuccine alfredo. While waiting for dinner, we had the unlimited breadsticks which were good along with the soup. Somehow my two bowls of soup came out lukewarm which was quite disappointing. The dinner that I had ordered had overcooked fettuccine alfredo with 4 piece of "steak medallion". Unfortunately, not a good cut of beef as they were tough and chewy. Even though I had ordered it medium rare, the steak was close to medium to well. Even before we finished eating the waiter asked if we would like dessert and promptly threw down the check when we said no. Overall I will have to pass from eating here again.Pro: unlimited soup/breadsticks or salad if you wantCons: overcooked pasta, the quality of the meat for the dish was not goodHidden gem:Check sunday paper for coupons. Unlimited soup and breadstick. Sign up online for the e-club for a free appetizer with the purchase of 2 entrees.
3	Yes. It's a chain restaurant and yes, it's pretty average. The entrees are bit prciey; this is due to the fact that each entree comes with unlimited breadsticks, soup, and/or salad. With tip, a meal costs around $20 so it would behoove you to take advantage of the unlimited side items. I gotta say that the breadsticks were the best part of my meal even though it was a bit too salty.
5	Love it!!! Never a bad experience!! We always hope manager Susan Is working!! Food is worth every penny and service is awesome!!
