3	Petit C'est vrai. Mais sympa de s'y promener. En fait, il s'agit surtout de 2 petites rues.On y trouve pas mal de restaurant sympathique et des magasins pour touristes.On en fait vite le tour (Voir photo ci-dessous)  (Voir photo ci-dessous)
4	Another very touristic place, but one of the nicest area in Canada.  Incredible architecture, tons of restaurants and activities.  I wish they would do more during winter time and do something about the traffic jams.   Good place to go with kids.
5	Although it is incredibly touristy, you can't deny the beauty of old montreal. In the summer it is the perfect place to just walk around, find a terrace and have a drink with a friend. It's also a great spot to watch the fireworks, or to go for a bike ride along the water. In the winter it is a little dead, but there is always a great cozy restaurant to eat at
4	NIce cobblestone streets, street performers, local artists, great food, great sightseeting....it is one of the prettiest areas of a city in North America.....lots of French flair.    You can get there by foot, metro, bus, car, bike, etc...nice and convenient to downtown Montreal...
5	I'm always impressed at visiting Old Montreal, a neighborhood that's almost 400 years old. so much to do, see, eat, and drink!here, you can find an amazing variety of culture: science and history museums, cafes, boutiques, farmers markets, pubs, art galleries, historic buildings and monuments, live music, street performances, restaurants, churches, and more. cobblestone roads, many of which are closed off to car traffic, make walking around the ideal way to see it all and soak in the glory. quite a few metro and bus lines stop nearby; my recommendation is to  take the metro to Champ de Mars and walk south.most importantly, it manages to cater to tourists and locals alike without being condescending to either. if only Times Square could do that instead of just being a flashy cesspool of overpriced chain shopping - yeah, I said it!hot tip: on New Year's Eve, it's a great place to watch the fireworks from Place Jacques Cartier.
5	Le Vieux Montreal offers so much to see and do.  Best part of it all is a lot of it doesn't cost a single penny!  The views are stunning, the skies are always blue and just about everything is beautiful.  The cobblestone roads give it the most character & the people are very friendly.  Definitely a very memorable experience.
5	I don't tend to hate on other Yelper's reviews but really, how can you not give Le Vieux Montreal five stars?! I'm questioning your review skills all of yous who deemed this historic center and old port four stars. For those who've never been, Le Vieux Montreal is the old part of Montreal consisting of an area made up of cobblestone streets, amazing restaurants and ever so hip pubs and bars, the St. Lawrence River, museums, beautiful old churches, European architecture, art galleries, and so many more uncovered gems. I have spent days walking along these streets and enjoyed every second of it. I have yet to be during the summer but, even in dead of winter, with snow blanketing everything, and the cold numbing your face, I can't imagine a more special place in a North American city. You fall in love with everything around you. Yes, it can be touristy but, that's because it's f*%&$* amazing. J'adore Montreal, j'adore le Vieux Montreal.
4	If you visit Montreal you must spend an afternoon in Old Montreal. There is plenty to see and do, there is a lot of history here as well as museums and theater. You can take a horse-drawn carriage ride to see some of the sites if you wish, but I think that walking on a nice day is better. You can go down to the edge of the St. Lawrence River to what we call The Old Port and see a few ships as well. There's a lot of dining options and cute boutiques, but since it is a touristy area you should be careful of paying a lot. In summer you will find street performers and artists, so stop by when the weather is warm!
5	What else can I say that hasn't already been said? Old Montreal is a beautiful area that is filled with history, great restaurants, and a great bit of charm. The cobblestone streets are a personal favorite of mine and I loved walking around and seeing all the old, beautiful buildings. There are many things to do around here (such as seeing gorgeous churches like Notre Dame) and it's a great area to take a lot of pictures. The people are also very friendly here and the food is really great. It's true that it's a touristy area, but it's popular because it's wonderful and definitely a place to visit when you're in Montreal.
5	Read Mathieu B's review (bilingual) for a great description of why Vieux Montreal is such a special bucket list kind of place.  I cannot improve on his words. Some places transcend petty descriptions like, "touristy, overpriced, self-conscious, all that."  Not despite, but regardless of anything that might detract from a lesser place, Vieux Montreal is simply magic.  None of that other stuff matters. Walk around the narrow cobblestoned streets, imagine yourself in the 18th Century walking the same streets and living amongst the gentry of that day.  Sit and people watch at one of dozens of outdoor cafes. Listen to the romanticism of the French language and the intermix of English, Spanish, German, and the other tongues spoken around you.  Know that this is one of the best restored old urban cores in North America.  It will capture your imagination for the day, and become a highlighted memory for life.
5	Old Montreal is like the one place in all of Montreal that tourists flock to but this can not take away from the beauty of this area. I just enjoy strolling through this area of souvenir stores and over-priced restaurants, watching buskers and there long drawn out shows and relaxing in the Governors garden. The square in front of Notre Dame Basilica is also a nice place to sit and people watch. t is a beautiful area filled with history that makes for a nice stroll anytime of the year and I can't recommend it enough just for its beauty.
5	I love the Old Montreal. It's got this amazing, old feeling that makes you travel back in time. The buildings all have wonderful architecture (even though I don't know much about architecture), the restaurants are good and not much pricey compared to some other places (depends on where you go) and everything's so pretty at night here.Perfect for a romantic stroll.
3	Very beautiful, but very expensive!  I only had a few hours in the city so I asked a friend of mine who'd lived there for a few years where I should go if there was only one place to visit. I wish I had more time and discovered the poutineries sooner, and a bigger appetite! We left only taking in the sights, and having an expensive, diluted sangria with "free" nachos which were really gross (I never knew you could screw up nachos!). I'd give this place a second chance though and check out some other parts of Old Montreal.
5	The cobblestone streets are amazing as is the architecture of the buildings.  Lots of great shops and places to eat.  There was a French Christmas store that was to die for....the colors, sights and sounds.  What a great place!
3	Great city, restaurants, points of interest and shopping.However, they sort of run a nanny state here. The poor citizens who live right downtown are subjected to parking patrol harassment.  A meter maid/guy for every two blocks. Constant ticket writing, etc. The poor citizens who live downtown and rely on street permit parking have to move their cars, I  believe 3-5 days per week, by 1pm, from one side of the street to the other for cleaning purposes?  The meter police patrol these areas and are Johnny on the spot writing tickets right away. What a bunch of parasites, and the City manager as well. They raise 30 million a year on this, have hundreds of ticket writers, and all seeming on incentive programs. Poor citizens, who also acknowledge  this as a problem.Also, last week I noticed two cops standing on a corner of Saint Catherine Street, a major shopping street. They were waiting for citizens to cross the street on red lights?  What city does this? Certainly none in the good old USA. Then they confront the person, extract their Visa card and process fines on the spot. Again, parasites! I hear in Paris its even worse? I can't even imagine.I know now they are on incentives. My temporary roommate showed me her records after living there for 12 year. Over 100 parking tickets, many bogus but she has to take time to go to court tom address them. Can you imagine a world where cops have incentives for more pay based on constant ticket writing?
2	Vieux Montreal was the last place on our list of things to see this past weekend, mainly cause I had a feeling it would be a super touristy, pseudo-historical area... and I was pretty much spot-on with my apprehensions. At first glance, the cobble-stoned streets and old architecture may delight you and give you the impression of visiting a historically accurate site, but upon closer inspection, you realize that this part of town has been overrun by tourist traps, gaudy souvenir shops, corny horse-drawn carriages (again, tourist trap), and strange people in medieval costumes. Everything is over-priced. There are no family-owned boutiques or hole-in-the-wall restaurants to sample authentic, local Montreal cuisine, like I'd hoped there'd be. It's just one big money-making farce of a historical site. There are museums nearby, sure, but why look at history behind glass display cases when history should be all around you in food and merchandise and music. Instead, all you see are chain stores like Dairy Queens and McDonald's and Ben and Jerry's. Even the maple syrup shop was a tourist-trapping, money-sucking horror. I wanted the charm of a true historical city, with local cuisine, family-owned shops, etc. What I got was Times Square wrapped in a nice cobble-stoned, medievel-esque giftbox.If you want real history, check out Montreal's best family-owned restaurants, local cuisine chefs, etc. Vieux Montreal is not worth more than a 30 min walkthrough unless you want to waste more time wandering around an inane tourist bubble.
5	My first time back to Montreal in 10 years and had to re-visit Old Montreal.  It's one of those rare historic areas in Canada where you can pretend you are in the 1800's.  From the cobblestone road to the Old Port to Notre Dame, there are plenty of historic buildings and structures to tour.  I loved walking on the Old Port as you get a great view of the St. Lawrence  river and see some other attractions such as the Science Centre.  In addition, there are plenty of benches.  Verdict: One of the must-visit sites in Montreal. Don't miss out.
4	Location: I guess I'll state the obvious just in case... it's in the old port. Start walking down University or St. Urbain and just on keep going until you reach Notre-Dame or St. Paul. The closest subways are Champ-de-Mars and Square Victoria, both on the orange line. If you get the bright idea of driving, you're going to spend most of your day trying to find a parking spot. If you're lucky enough to find one, you will then have to remember to feed the meter OR pay ridiculous prices for day parking in a lot. Personally, I refuse to park my car in those lots - they're tiny and your car is sandwiched in, making it easy to scratch or dent.The place: Yes, it's touristy as some reviewers have stated. But what big city doesn't have touristy areas? You can't sh*t on Old Montreal for being touristy when it's such a beautiful part of town and offers so much history. The architecture and lovely cobblestone streets alone make it worth a visit. If you want to avoid tourist traps like restaurants and souvenir shops, then just don't go into those places. No? Anyway, I personally love to go into the old town to shoot pics or people watch. It's got a very European feel to it and like I said, the architecture is fantastic. If you're a first-time visitor to Montreal, you SHOULD add this to your list of places to visit, even if it's only for an hour to do a quick walk-through.  Unlike what one of the reviewers said, there ARE local shops and restaurants - you just need to do your research and find them. That said, as with any touristy area, you will find many over-priced restaurants and stores - some may be worth visiting while most won't. What to know: If you're staying in the downtown core, it's very easy to walk down into the port. Depending on where you're staying, it might take between 20-30 minutes. For example, if you start walking from the McGill campus, you'll be there in 20 minutes. No need for a car or transit!In the summer, the place is overrun with tourists so bring your patience!
5	If you are visiting Montreal you should make some time to walk this part of the Island. Beautiful little stores, cafes & the port are a few of the things to take in. Great to walk thru with your camera. The restaurants here are usually quite busy so book ahead and parking is limited so be sure to walk or take public transport! Be sure to spend a night or afternoon exploring this part of town. Old cobblestone on the streets so ladies leave your heals at home!
4	Take a page out of a French 1800's guidebook and you've got living history. So beautifully maintained and such happy and pleasant locals. had a blast walking around especially to Jacques Cartier square where its simply happy. Floral pots and street artists. Ice Cream GALORE! Perfect way to spend the day
5	A wonderful section of the City to wander around at your leisure, whether for a hour or the better part of a day. Cheers to Montreal for preserving some much their historic area and for also allowing it transition into a lively and vibrant area for shopping, dining, or simply strolling around.Definitely add to your must do must see list if visiting Montreal, especially if the weather is nice. Plenty of good cafes, bakeries, restaurants to make this a destination. The "neighborhood" also provides many, many shops for clothing and home furnishings (art/decor) which are generally on the slightly to definitely upscale range. On a budget? Perhaps you could grab a coffee/tea and croissant/macaroon and make a romantic stroll for two amongst the cobblestone streets. Want to escape the tourists or the traffic, try early mornings or late evening.  Even better, tourists hate the rain, go then, seriously. Old Montreal (like Paris) can switch from tourist destination to romantic getaway. A misty foggy weekend morning (under an umbrella for two) can be greatly improved in the right mindset and location. Vieux-Montreal offers the setting, the perspective is up to you. Try another chocolate macaroon.   ; )
4	how many tourists does it take to change a lightbulb? i don't know but you can always find out, you won't be running short of tourists!beautiful beautiful part of town that is simply magical when its a snowy night during the holidays!the truly bad is mainly price related. since its a tourist trap, its so expensive! you're basically paying to be seen at a trendy popular spot most of the time. some restaurants are truly great but its quite unaffordable.it does get dead (day or night) when its cold out or rainy though.as for shops, they are either quite expensive or they are just souvenir boutique. not much quirky interesting shops in old montreal.on the other hand, the many museums are simply great.anyway, great for sightseeing and discovering new things and maybe hear a couple of ghost stories and maybe indulge in one of those restaurants.ps. if the air around you smell like shit, you know you're in old montreal unless its october/november then, it may be farmers spreading manure in the townships
5	An iconic MTL landmark to celebrate my review # 600! The old port is one of the best magical tourist destinations in Montreal, south of downtown right along the water.  In spring + summer and early fall it's bustling on the weekends with people walking up and down the streets and in the alleyways. It's a great adventure for a sunny day (not too shabby for a rainy day also)!  In the winter the crowds are less but the charm is different very tranquil winter wonderland feel none the less. The best I can describe it is in the winter if you shake an old "village scenery" snow globe, this is what old Montreal feels like! Simply amazing like a Santa's village! The old port offers some excellent boutique hotels. Some of the top are :The St James, Nelligan, Auberge du Vieux port, St SulpiceIf you want to stay somewhere a bit further but more chain style the Westin, Intercontinental and W Montreal are just a bit of a farther walk away but closer N to St Catherine's. There are restaurants, evening lounges (a plenty) in Vieux Montreal and the food scene there is quite vibrant. Some of my faves to name a few in the old port are:Gibbys, Jardin Nelson, The Keg, ModavieLots of tourist shops, high end art Galleries on the West side but lots to explore. Parking is a royal PITA and very expensive. I'd recommend "biting the bullet" and paying by the water the hefty rate (you can encircle the area for 30 min with no luck) or parking further away and walking down from the Subway (champ de mars or Square Victoria). All in all it's a must see when in Montreal no matter how much time you have! It's fun to wander the cobblestone streets and get a feel for the charm and feel of the neighbourhood!
5	Does not seem like we are in North America.  Seems like we are in Europe.  I cannot recall anywhere else in North America that has so many cobblestone streets.  There is something for everyone here.  If you like art, then they have plenty of art galleries.  If you like history, then there are museums here to visit.  If you like shopping, then there are plenty of options here.  If you like eating, then there are many restaurants from which to choose to fill your belly.The beautiful Notre Dame Basilica is located here in Old Montreal.  Do Not Miss visiting this beauty!When in Montreal, make sure to stop by Vieux-Montreal (Old Montreal)!!  Your visit to this wonderful city would not be complete if you missed coming here!
5	Great tourist area with lists of shopping and dining. If your exploring Montreal I'm sure you'll want to stop in here!
