1	DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY.  They were dispatched to my 5 year old condo TWICE in the last six weeks, and now the AIR CONDITIONER has mysteriously  BROKE again.  Naturally,  they want to charge me again for a 3rd repair in six weeks.  I don't think so!
2	Not real happy with this company, had to use them because of home warranty now One Guard (not thrilled with them either).  Reason being last year they replaced compressor on AC unit, less than a year later I am sitting in a hot house on one of the hottest days of the year and they can't come out till tomorrow to replace it, on top of that I have to pay again for the frion & labor.  What is with not honoring your work.  My other AC company I use would not have charged me, but bc compressor was under warranty & cost $800 we decided to go with them.
1	AWFUL!!! Do not ever use these people for service! These folks were recommended to us by our home warranty company to repair our AC. The first time they came out to clear the AC line, they did not do it correctly. The second time they came out to do it again they tried to charge us $300 to clean the coils prior to diagnosing the same problem. They also broke the garage light on this visit, didn't tell us about it then admitted to it later. They did a horrible clean up job on the shattered light fixture and left broken glass in the garage. We had the AC fixed by another company who told us the coils were relatively clean and that our furnace will burn the dirt off in the winter. We hardly got an apology out of AZ Trademasters, what a shotty company and terrible way to do business. STAY AWAY!!!
5	This past January my furnace went out and I called Az Trademasters late in the afternoon and they came right out  to repair it. This was on the coldest day of the year and I had no heat! They got it up and running, it was a minor low cost repair. The technician was very professional. Hard to find good service companies anymore, but AZ Trademasters took care of me and my family. Thank you!
2	I had these people come out to look at my ac unit. I just bought the house so I wasn't living there yet. I needed to know when they would be there so I could let them in. They called me around 9 am and said the tech would be there in the next two hours so I headed out to the house I bought that was 20 minutes away from where I lived. Waited until 11am then called them. They said they would be there around noon. Waited until noon, still no one. Had to leave for work so I left a key and told them to call me when they were done to tell me what was going on. They never called. I called them hours later and they said my coils were dirty and they wanted 500 dollars to clean them. I told them no. Looked it up on the internet and found out I could buy a can of cleaner at home depot and spray it off with my hose myself. The can cost less than 20 bucks. I will not be using these people again.
2	I am in a monthly rental and the AC goes out. I reluctantly called the Home Warranty co. To schedule an appt. They showed up fairly quickly, but the tech was not very friendly, spent a LONG time looking at the unit and then told me he "temporarily" fixed it until it really breaks. OK? A few hours later the house is hotter, call back for another appt. The next guy out looks at the unit and tells me he can't fix it tonight that it needs to thaw out first. (Its summer in phoenix, not gonna happen) Total BS...my husband had to tell him how to fix it and once he finally listened, he was able to make the repair. Crappy service, rude employees.
5	I recently used Arizona Trade Masters to fix my heater through my home warranty company.  I had never heard of Arizona Trade Masters soo obviously googled them and read the reviews on yelp the day they were coming out to assess my heater.  After reading the negative reviews, I was a bit worried about how my experience was going to play out.   My experience was nothing short of stellar.  Arizona Trade Masters called the day of the appointment to confirm and again to inform me they were on the way.  The repairman who arrived was friendly and professional. He immediately found out what was causing my heater to no longer work and informed me of the next steps.  Unfortunately they needed to order a part to he replaced.  Arizona Trade Masters called me the same day to tell me when the part would be in and scheduled an appointment for that morning.  The repairman who arrived to install the part to fix my heater was again friendly and professional.  He fixed my heater in no time.  Afterwards he explained what was wrong with my heater and asked if I had any questions which he was gracious enough to answer.  I have heat again thanks to Arizona Trade Masters....I will definitely use them again!!!
4	Had some AC issues and called my warranty company OneGuard.  Az Trademasters called,  I needed an appointment to work around my work schedule and it was not a problem accommodating me.  Two technicians showed up in clean uniforms and groomed. ( first appt. of the day)   They introduced themselves and shook hands. They diagnosed the problem quickly. Explained it so it made sense.  They did the repair and cleaned up after themselves.   They even allowed me to wash the unit out before they buttoned it up.   To be honest, I read the yelp review before they came out and had my guard up.  Techs Steve and Jaime did good in my book.  I would hire them again.
4	On March 18, 2014 our job was the total replacement of two air conditioning and heating systems.  A crew of three uniformed techs were dispatched to accomplish the work.  They were polite, respectful and obviously skilled.  They kept us in the loop, answered questions and made meaningful suggestions.  They worked at a steady pace and were meticulous.  They paid close attention to every detail.  We were very impressed by the work and attitude of these three men.  The final judgment will come after time has passed, and the ongoing work of the installation by the crew; and the performance of the equipment is given the opportunity to perform.
1	STAY AWAY, THESE PEOPLE ARE SCAMMERS!We had a persistent leak in our AC system and the home warranty company (Old Republic) ended up sending Arizona TradeMasters after 5 or 6 other contractors could not fix it. They diagnosed that the coil had to be replaced and mentioned that the home warranty would give us a buyout amount that we could use towards replacing the whole unit that was pretty old.Leonard - who turns out to be the owner - called and quoted some prices over the phone for replacing the unit. The prices were pretty good and I asked him what was included and he said that installation and taxes were. When I asked for a written quote, the prices were much higher. Talking to Leonard, he said that the first price he gave me did not include sales tax but the written quote did. I am 100% certain that he said sales tax was included when he quoted me the price over the phone because I asked him specifically to confirm it. When I questioned him on this he became aggressive.Typical BAIT AND SWITCH TACTIC.STAY AWAY!
5	Brady was both EARLY and I received a phone call informing me!, He got up into the eaves to check the unit, and explained useful life/repair replace issues in a thoughtful manner.  Though they were fed my name through a home warranty company, I felt like my itty bitty condo was worth seven figures!
1	AZ Trade Masters installed two new Trane heat pumps in my home in 2010 - so why am I so late in my review? While everything seemed fine after the units were installed, over the past three and a half years problems have come up that always pointed back to the installation.First, I had field mice invade one of the units and chew up some wiring. Not really AZ Trade Masters fault, it's more Trane's fault but the contractor I called to repair the unit said that everyone he knows always seals off the entry point into the unit because of mice. Thanks AZ Trade Masters for not going that extra mile - that's $100 you cost me.Next, one of the units shut down and wouldn't start up again. I called another contractor for service and he said that the return was done incorrectly and it collapsed; the back pressure caused the unit to shut down.  Thanks again AZ Trade Masters - that one cost me $250.I recently had my system inspected for the summer. I told the tech (not AZ Trade Masters) that one of the units made a lot of noise, not a motor or fan noise but an annoying air movement noise. He checked it out and said that the air handlers in the crawl space were for a 5 ton unit although the condensers outside were 3.5 ton each. He said the larger air handlers were trying to suck air faster than the return would allow and that's why it was so noisy. He proved his point by disconnecting the ductwork and the noise went away.  Solution? Replace the entire return with a bigger duct - cost - $500!So far Arizona Trade Masters has cost me almost $1,000 to fix their sloppy work.Sorry, no way I can recommend these guys.
5	Wonderful company! I've purchased 2 a/c units for different homes & been really pleased with AZ Trademasters. Both owners helped me, Tom & Leonard, Tom mostly. On one of the units, my labor expired after 1 year and I've called Tom directly for a small issue. Instead of stating that labor has expired, he sent his techs out immediately to correct the problem and didn't charge me. That is standing behind your work! Another time, they installed the a/c unit and then a roofer refoamed over the a/c wiring, causing a short. I called Tom and instead of blaming the roofer & making me go thru all kinds of hassle, he again sent a tech out and fixed the short for free. Who does this anymore in today's society!!They also gave great deals on both Trane a/cs that I needed at different times.I am VERY pleased with them, both the owners and the techs. Highly recommend!
5	This is the only A/C Company I will ever use! The staff is amazing, the prices are the best and when you need them they are there in no time! I use them at my personal home and also I recommend them to all of my clients. One who was just saved in the middle of the day on a SUNDAY within an hour of my call! They deserve 10 stars!
1	The AC started blowing warm air so we call the Home Warranty Company, OneGaurd.They sent out AZ Trade Masters who took a look and said that the freon was a little low and that the coils were 40% dirty.  They added a little freon and recommended the coils be cleaned and that it would cost $600 to do so and made it clear that it needed to be done sooner than later.  The next day, the AC magically started leaking into the house.  I called OneGuard to let them know and also called AZ Trademasters to let them know and ask if they would please go back and check it out since they were the last ones to touch it.  They then informed me that they would not touch it unless the coils were cleaned for $600.00.  I called OneGuard back again and of course they don't pay for cleaning coils, but they also said that they don't even recommend cleaning coils at 40% as it's of no concern and that they MIGHT recommend it if they were AT LEAST 50% dirty.  OneGuard said they would send them back out so i figured it would be taken care of.  (by the way, at this time i'm on vacation with very little cell service for making these calls back & forth to the trade co. & OneGuard).  The initial visit from AZ Trademasters was on a friday, they couldn't do anything until satuday.  leaking on sunday.  It wasn't until monday that OneGuard said they would send them back out.  On Wednesday i find out that NO ONE had been back out to check out the leaking AC so now water has been dripping into the house for 4 DAYS!!  I called AZ Trademasters, they said they made it clear they wouldn't go out unless the coils were cleaned first.  I called OneGuard, who had said they would send them back out on Monday.... I asked what happened and they had no explanation, so i insist we get a second opinion so they send out another company for thursday or friday.  In the meantime, i call up an AC company that i've used for years, Xtreme Services to get their opinion.  They said that 40% dirty is not even an issue.  The second opinion company that was sent out obviously didn't want to get involved, said the overflow pan was overflowing but yet didn't do anything to relieve it, just said yep, its overflowing and that it would cost just as much to empty it as it would to clean the coils as if were some huge deal.  So, i'm of course furious with this fiasco and water leaking into the house for a week now damaging the ceiling, walls.  In order to get  something resolved, i called Xtreme Services that I've used for years, they go out, empty the pan, clean the coils (which they said were only 20% dirty on one side and MAYBE 40%  dirty on the other, but i had them clean them anyway) and charged me $275!!!!!  Not $600 that the other 2 companies wanted to charge just for cleaning the coils.  And, Xtreme services said that the drain pan was over flowing because there was a piece of insulation magically clogging the drain outlet.....what a coincidence.  DO NOT TRUST THIS COMPANY.  If your warranty company wants to send them, ask for a different company.  And then of course, OneGuard does not want to take any responsibility for the water leaking for a week into the house because the company they used refused to follow up and they dropped the ball once they knew they wouldn't go back out and just left it.  No initiative to try to get someone else out until I called them back days later to check on it.
5	My heater was blowing cold. Called my landlord, he called his home warranty people, they called Arizona Trade Masters. Having had numerous other home warranty repairs over the years, I know that the company you get can be a roll of the dice. I could tell some stories!I judge them in 5 areas:1) How easy is it to get them here? Is scheduling easy? 2) Are they punctual, clean, nice and at least relatively "normal" when I meet them?3) Do they get the job done and are they efficient (not moving at lazy pace)?4) Do they clean up after themselves and not leave a mess?5) Are they careful and respectful with my 5 "helpful" underfoot Maine Coon cats?This time I was pleasantly surprised in every regard.1) Scheduling around my hectic life was not too difficult; despite it being busy winter season it only took 2 days for our schedules to align (they had sooner appointments but I was not available).2) A clean, nice guy named Steve called and showed up on time. He was friendly and personable and did not give off any serial killer vibes.3) Steve told me what he was going to do and did it. He explained the problem in words I could understand. He was quick and efficient without acting hurried. He tried to fix it, but it is sticking and best to replace. He explained that they have to order a part and will call me to arrange installation, which will take approximately 3 hours.4) Steve did not leave a mess at all. He even wiped his shoes on my doormat twice before coming in so as to not track dirt... Each time he entered!5) What really impressed me... My cats are curious, underfoot, and like to "help." After poor past experiences (with other companies) of repair people stepping on them, yelling at them, or letting them escape, I usually put them in a back bedroom, but I am cat sitting and my guest cat is in there so I couldn't. Steve was very careful to avoid stepping on tails, cautious to not let them outside, and even briefly stopped to tell one of them how pretty she was and pet her. She is a talker and sat there and mowed at him, and he talked back to her, telling her he had to put his tools away and such. Overall, he did not mind their "help" or treat them like an annoyance.In all 5 judgment categories, Arizona Trade Masters and Steve impressed me. The little details are what make a big difference. I would definitely use them again and look forward to my next interaction, to repair the issue Steve identified.
