3	When the one on Tropicana closed, and the one on Maryland wasn't built yet, I'd come here. It's small! It's in a strip mall so parking can be difficult to find. It's two stories but it's a little deceiving. It's tiny. No pool. There's weight machines upstairs. No separate women's gym. There is one instruction room. My friends came here a few times to do classes. I guess, if you live in this area, it's real convenient. I would say that this is probably the oldest of all the gyms.
3	I'm an in and out in this location, since it's one of the oldest branches here in Vegas, meaning, having the most outdated equipments. That's fine with me, though, since I've never seen it dirty. I'll keep coming  here as long as the maintenance keep doing their job. Also, since it's the closest one to home. ;)
4	Small gym, but they have the equipment and classes to meet my needs.
4	Adequate facility for training bodies.Plenty various machines. Locker room clean and staff courteous on most occassions.
4	This is a no frills gym that has all the equipment you need to have a great workout without the B.S.  This is one of the older locations in the LVAC portfolio but I would work out here over any of the new ones for many reasons.  First being easier access due to not being as packed as other gyms.  Even during peak times you still don't have to park on the other end of the world.  The weight room is stocked full of everything you need to kill your body so there are no complaints there.  If you are a cardio freak you will miss the indoor track offered at different locations and the downstairs cardio room doesn't have individual TV's  on each machine instead relying on flat screens posted everywhere.  So if you are one of those that goes to the gym to work out and then carrying on with your life you will love this place including the sauna and whirlpool.  They also offer childcare during certain hours of the day.  Please look up the hours of operation for this location because its not 24 hours a day and they close on holidays.
3	This is your normal typical gym.
5	Awesome Gym-Have a great workout!
1	If you are serious about fitness and looking for a good environment to work out, don't get anywhere near the Las Vegas Athletic Club.  This shyster fly-by-night operation exists solely to lift the wallets of unsuspecting wanna-be's who fall for their endless cheezy television commercials.  Serious about lifting weights?  Forget it.  Once they have you under contract they do everything they can to discourage you from actually showing up. Like, never repairing their cheap equipment.  Like, hiring a staff of fatso's & prancing bozos that are a bunch of Nazis who hate bodybuilders and throw attitude for days..  Like, piping in ultra-boring music over their video system that is designed to deflate your energy & enthusiasm (the same easy-listening crap over & over & over, mixed in with nonstop advertising) so you'll just leave.  Like, encouraging 80 year old men to waddle nude around the lockerroom sniffing your jockstrap.  Check out Golds or 24 Hour Fitness, just do not waste your money at Las Vegas Athletic Club.
4	I like this place. I don't care if its an older gym at least the equipment isn't broken.
4	I wish this palace has more classes and a sauna just for women like other center.  I still come here because near at work but I choose the other one when I have time.
3	This is like any other LVAC out there, except there's no juice bar, which is a huge negative for me. Was hoping to get a protein smoothie after my workout. The staff is nice though.
3	This particular lvac is dated and located in a skeptic part if town. It's still a close drive for me so I come here when I'm to lazy to drive to the eastern location. nonetheless, it still served it's purpose. It has all the equipment you need and then some. enjoy your workout!
2	Outdated, years of disgusting smell as if it's never been replaced nor cleaned, just very unpleasant!Yes I understand it's a gym and it's suppose to smell like sweat.. Yes I understand it's one of the oldest LVACs... BUT the place needs some serious renovations! I will forever be faithful to the LVAC on Eastern/215.. No matter how close this one is!
4	This LVAC is closest to my house so I frequent here. It's not the most modern but they have the machines needed to get in a good workout. It seems clean and well maintained. The pool and sauna area is a bit small so I go to a different gym when I want to use those amentities.
3	This is the third gym I've joined and I think it's okay. Just okay. I've seen better. Pros about this location:- They have a day care center.- They have a pool/sauna and offer classes.- The equipment is in good shape.- Staff is always friendly and helpful.Cons about this location:- It's old! The equipment is fine, but the building needs a facelift.- It smells awful. I know it's a gym, but really. I've been to other gyms and they don't give off the B.O. that this place emits. - It's small. They don't have a separate women's gym or track. The second floor is deceiving. I always thought there was a track up there, but no.- They aren't open 24 hrs like the other locations.- A lot of the members who frequent here are part of an older crowd who just don't have any manners. They walk around the locker room butt naked. Really though, they could at least put a towel on.- The room where classes take place is small and classes fill up quickly.This is the closest location to me, so I come here often. Like I said, it's okay. If you are reading this review and are on the fence about joining LVAC, I would not recommend this place. I pay a decent monthly rate, but I'm stuck in a two year contract. Personally, if I could turn back time, I would have paid more monthly to join 24 Hour Fitness. They have better facilities.
2	No wifi. Very small, low ceilings. Equipment is very close together.
1	What a shit-tastic gym & staff. Was rushed through the sign up process & handed off to Albert to get my picture taken. He left me in the office for a couple minutes which was fine & apologized about the wait. It took about 30 seconds for him to input my information and then he took my picture for my card. As hes putting the blank card in he says, "just pull it out of the machine when it's done. I have a phone call to make. You're all done." REALLY?? No tour of the gym? I've never been inside this location before. I don't know where the spa is. I don't know where all your classes are held. Not to mention I have no idea what the hell the card machine does when it's done. Does it spit the card back out where you first input it? Anywho, I left. Pissed because I had just signed a 26 month contract and paid the first months fee & didn't even get any customer service. When I got home I received a call from Chris (sign ups) that they couldn't process my debit card because it had my maiden name on it. I JUST changed my last name. I asked her why it wasn't a big deal when she ran it and made me sign my receipt & why she processed it to begin with. She couldn't answer me, but told me she needed a copy of my marriage record. Are you effing kidding me? I refused to give her a copy of my marriage record and she said that all she could do is void out the membership and that she'd TRY to get my money back. When I told her about my complaint with Albert she said she "told him to give me a tour"... Right.The only reason why this is getting a star is because I was able to get out of a 26 month contract with a company who CLEARLY has no regard for their clients. That's ok. I'll just make the 20 minute drive to golds on 215 & Stephanie. Fucking outrageous!!!!
3	Eh.. Out of all the locations I would have to say that this particular one is the smallest and just out dated! They have pretty nice staff but I wouldn't make this my primary gym unless it was by my house.. The facility itself is just ok and it's pretty small as well! Only reason I stumbled across this location is because a friend if mine wanted to catch a class that we had missed a day prior at our regular location. It's cool for what it's worth don't know that's id make the commute to return here again. I think if they did a couple of renovations and had a better locker room that would be a fantastic start on a road to success !
1	If I could give a zero star rating I would. -DO NOT SIGN CONTRACT- sales agents are full of their own garbage. They say you can cancel your membership at any time... Ya if you pay off the remaining balance of a two year contract!! F*&^$ING Liars. DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE I DID. LVAC JUST WANT TO STEAL FROM YOU AND SEND YOU TO COLLECTIONS!!!!!
1	This is for all LVAC gyms: You are all rip-offs with prices that fluctuate terribly. I didn't mind paying $22 a month but you go off promoting $19/month and yet you don't want to match it? I called the billing department and you straight lied to me about it ranging from $19-$22 max. First off, you charge my friend $23/month. I believe that's more than $22, do you not know how to count or? And what's so hard about matching the price of what you're promoting? Your gyms are big and spacious, I'll give you credit for that but truly, your customer service sucks. Thanks for ripping me off. Sincerely, canceling my membership with you guys. This is for anyone who plan on joining their contract. Be aware of getting over-charged. For all I know, some of you could be paying $24+.
1	This one is probably the worst one I have been too the counter staff seemed in their own conversation . And the male balding grey haired ass clown slammed his locker door right next to me like a dick so loud it hurt my ears . This place is just not up to pare with other locations
