4	The more I like places, the more I buy gifts there, but rarely anything for myself.  I really like Pottery Barn, especially the Pottery barn of about 8-10 years ago, and I've bought lots of things there, but I honestly can't remember buying anything for myself except some coasters that were on clearance.  Apparently I need to become much more selfish.Pottery Barn is really awesome.  I've always thought there name could explain them.  Pottery - Nice, expensive, something to be valued at a higher level than just it's actual purpose.  Barn - Something casual, relatable, and very nostalgic.  I know that's not how they came up w/ the name, but it fits to me.  They want things that don't just function, but have a certain look that will be valued for it's look and longevity as much as it's purpose - while remaining very relatable and comfortable in the home. Their prices aren't as outrageous as you might think.  They aren't cheap, but they are fairly good for the quality.  But of course, if you are a good shopper (which is quite the past-time in the Greater Phoenix area), you can often find similar things for less.  Still, it's a great spot to find unique things for your home, wonderful gifts, and great ideas for where the trends are headed.  Go check it out.  And buy a little something for yourself.
5	Pottery Barn is a nice serene store. Kind helpful employees, but not intrusive. I enjoy walking through when at the Biltmore, Alas for me the merchandise is geared toward folks who have yet to develop a personal style. Very generic in design for the most part. So this might be why it is so serene, it does not excite my senses. They have nice usable products.
2	am i the only one who thinks pottery barn has gone down hill? pottery barn has never been my style to begin with, every now and then i find things i like but there's something country about it and i don't like country. anyway. the quality is not what it used to be. and the service is farrrr from good. just today i was accused of being dishonest because i wanted to return some crappy plates that were falling apart. "are you sure it's not just normal wear and tear? we have a lot of people trying to return stuff so they can have brand new dishes before the holidays.""um, that most certainly is not me and im offended you would insinuate i'm trying to do that""im not insinuating anything ma'am." "really? then why say it?"i expect this sorta crap from target but im totally shocked pottery barn is hopping on the crappy customer service wagon. let me get this straight:you sell me borderline expensive crap, i complain about the crap and want to return it, instead of standing behind your product and taking care of your customer, you suggest that a lot of people are dishonest when they return stuff but i shouldn't take offense? the problem is not me, its you and your crappy dishes. i won't be returning.
4	I love this place. They have such nice stuff. I like to just go and look at everything they have. Since I cant afford most of it.
4	The customer service at this Pottery Barn is above and beyond the rest. I recently got married and we were registered at Pottery Barn which meant we frequented Pottery Barn often. The staff has always been nothing but friendly and extremely helpful. I find that it's much easier going into the store with questions instead of calling the 1-800 number and I have yet to be unsatisfied with this location. The sales associate, Pedro, helped us out in a time of a return emergency. This Pottery Barn isn't as big as the one at the Quarter, but the service is worth the visit.
5	One of my favorite decor stores. The store has such a great atmosphere and love going around holidays to get decorating ideas. Staff is always very helpful. They have great classes that they offer and if you attend you get 10% off that day. They also offer free in home design consultations if you need ideas and help with your home.
4	The ladies who were working last night were extremely helpful and niceThere were so many nice seasonal products outand we were in, looking for pillows(which means, we ended up picking up random things along the way)We found some cute white ones and the employee was nice enough to get new ones from the backThey have lovely wine bottle covers that I picked upThe prices were very reasonable
5	I had a great experience today Greg the sales associate was amazing very helpful and extremely courteous. He went above and beyond what I had ever imagined I'm now a loyal customer of Biltmore Pottery Barn and will tell everyone to ask for Greg!!
5	Lara was the best.  Incredible customer service.  Thank you for picking up slack for some other PB locations.
1	All of can say is they are rude !! I had to pull teeth to have someone to help us...and then when she rang us up she didn't say a word and No thank you for shopping nothing... I love the store But hate the service
