5	I bought a really nice Watch from Italy for a Christmas gift. But, we could not figure out how to open and close the latch on the strap.  I wrote to the company and they suggested Precision Time in Chandler. So at first we had a hard time trying to find it. We had the address but , thought it would be a jewelery and watch store.   It turned out to be a Kiosk in the Chandler Mall. On the 2nd floor right accross from Gymboree.      The watch expert that helped us was Aaron. He was wonderful. He showed us how to use the band and lock on the watch. Which was wonderful. Then i got my watch a new battery. We were very happpy with our entire experiance. Quick and easy. Plus they seel a lot of really nice time pieces as well as watch repair ,batteries, and cleanings. It is the place to go for all your watch needs.
3	This company operates kiosks in various malls.  For simple stuff they do fine.  They can change batteries, and even pressure-test your watch to verify it's still waterproof to the rated depth (highly recommended if your watch has been opened to change a battery!).If they can't deal with a problem on-site, they send it to a central location or if necessary to the manufacturer.  They do honor their warranties, and take care of problems they may have caused.  Yes, I have had an experience with that.  Still not sure exactly what happened, but they took care of it.I will continue to bring my watches here for battery changes.
5	5 stars! First I went to the other watch repair place for a battery for my Gucci watch. They wanted $33. This place did it for $15. I had that battery about 2 years. I got a new MK watch 5 months ago and the battery, I thought, was dying. I brought it to the big department store. To my surprise, they only covered batteries 90 days. I forgot about this place and went to the other watch repair shop. I hesitated to think I already had to sink $33 into it. Also, the cashier there didn't seem professional. Thankfully, I remembered this place. It's in the middle of one of the wings. It's on the second level. It wasn't the battery....it was a defective seal inside. $14 and works fine now! It took 20 minutes.
