1	HATE.  Worst customer I've ever experienced, and from the DISTRICT MANAGER no less.  They added a stain to my BR pants, which they couldn't get out after three times of trying (of course each time setting that stain, plus the original light soiling, more and more).  The manager said they wouldn't pay more than $50 for "cheap Banana Republic pants," and blamed ME for the stain they added, claiming I "left lint in the pocket" (which actually magically appeared from this "lint" after there second failed attempt to remove a little dirt).  She told me I could try suing them for the fair market value to replace the pants ($155.00), and ended up hanging up on me.  I've heard nothing but bad things about this overly-priced business-- I wish I would have listened!!!!  NEVER GO HERE. AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL!!!
4	Been here a handful of times, I usually bring my church toga, which is a very important piece of thread to me. So if anything happened to it, I'd be most devastated. I also drop off my bf's suits here.So far they haven't ruined any of my clothes, and I appreciate their flexible business hours. They also honor my coupons, as they are easygoing.
1	Al Phillips customer service isn't the best. The people that answer the phone are all very rude.
4	Been here a few times.  People inside were really nice and they have always had my clothes ready on time.  Being that this is very close to my house, this is the dry cleaning store that I use.Parking is kinda crappy since the store is located on the corner and there are people driving from the grocery store and there is a stop sign with 3 way traffic.All n' all- pleased with the quality.
4	You know what they say.... location, location, location.  It's on the corner of an intersection within the strip mall so parking is hell and it's right next to the UPS store so that doesn't help either.  However, that's the only bad things.Do wish they had a drive-thru.The younger girls that work there are usually bored but that's to be expected for a job like that.  They are attentive though and the clothes always comes back clean from their central warehouse area where they actually do the dry cleaning.  What's neat is that all your preferences, and information is stored from any Al Phillips so you don't have to tell them how you like your clothes done.  Realized this when the gal gave me a ticket after asking for my number.Another neat thing is that they do have a mobile service.  Costs more but might need it at some point.  Eight pieces cost about $38, which comes to a little under $5 a piece.  A little pricier than I've paid in other cities but as long as it's clean, and on-time, it's worth it.
5	Wow! This place is awesome-- a bit hidden, but yet conveniently located right next to Smith's. They are open on weekends, even Sundays! When you first walk in it is not much to look at... It's a typical dry cleaners. They do have a K-cups machine with a few selection set up for a free cup of joe to get you going, which is a nice touch, but it's their service &  prices that make this location a win. I dropped off 8 pieces on Saturday and they were ready for pick up on Monday morning! One of my dresses, the top half is white and the bottom half is black, was not dry cleaned...they informed me that they preformed a test & were concerned that the black would bleed into the white and wanted to inform me of the possibility of it bleeding before cleaning it. I really appreciated the fact that they didn't just dry clean it and hope that it didn't bleed over. I feel like most people would agree it's easier to be understanding when you are given a choice. Tina, the store manager was extremely helpful. She also informed me that Al Phillips will in fact take other competitors coupons-- this made my day! (I happened to have some Fazio coupons) Even before the coupons the price was still cheaper than Fazio and afterwords I ended up only paying $33 & change for 7 items!!! Thank you Tina @ Al Philips! -B
1	This is the worst cleaners service in town and the service is just horrible but what's worse  no one seems to care they just turn their back on you and tell you to call the office, HA, what a joke! And that's not all, they don't accept bills over $20 even if your check is $85.An AMERICAN GOVERNMENT issued note is legal tender for all private and public debt and as a business is your responsibility to get a machine or a marker if you want to avoid getting fake bills.RETARDS!I will never visit this place again and don't get fooled by any fake reviews here, scroll down and you'll see I'm not alone in this.
5	SUPPORT THIS DRY CLEANER!  I love them!  They are quick, awesome and affordable!  I also love that in early 2013 a clerk gave me a heads up my metro cop x husband was a liar and a cheat and I was able to call him out....he obviously was so mad he started using a different location but THATS GOOD QUALITY SERVICE :) thank you!!!!!!
