5	Incredible parish!  Great for families!  The school is fledgling, but getting better and better every year. If you haven't made an Ignatian Retreat yet, this is one of the best out of 2 places in the world to make your retreat.I prefer the intimacy of the smaller chapel, but also attended a wonderful wedding in the main church.  All around a great parish and it alone would make me move to Phoenix if I were to move anywhere else in the world.
5	Great parish a true traditional church I will admit they are a bit liberal about dress but it is the best place in Arizona to attend a traditional mass
1	It is truly a traditional church. Very traditional. I didn't know what I was walking into and did not feel welcome. That's okay...but it is for the person seeking a very traditional service. Really, it's a conservative church, rather regressive, really.
1	Dispensing invalid sacraments such as Confession and Matrimony is not an adequate way to run things. While the Holy See and Diocese of Phoenix have stopped short of forbidding the faithful to attend Mass here, those who do are on dangerous ground indeed. Particularly when the Extraordinary Form of the Roman Rite is so available here already, through the Priestly Fraternity of St. Peter at Mater Misericordiae Mission as well as diocesan priests who are skilled in offering the Missal of 1962. There is essentially no reason for a faithful Catholic to frequent or support the Society of St. Pius X with their schismatic mentality, and, it does bear repeating, objectively invalid sacraments including Confession and Matrimony. Do yourself a favor and don't endanger your soul in such a way!
1	very traditional church, not very welcoming nor diverse, you feel like and outsider and you will never want to go back, it is regressive and feel likecyou are in the 1900 but to each is own.  I dont mind the traditional part but not feeling welcomecwas very sad and uncomfortable.  still love all my sisters and catholic brothers. went to the basilica on 3rd st and I loveeeeee it, wouldn't go back to lady of sorrow any time soon.
