3	For some reason Extreme Pita isn't able to top the food at nearby Pita Pit. It's not that their isn't a good amount of pita selection ranging from those with beef to all veggie, or that they don't stuff those pitas full with lots of vegetables like they should. It's because I can't taste anything in those pitas! Today my pita was filled up with all sorts of nice veggies, humus, hot sauce, feta, and tzatziki . I caught the tzatziki but everything else just kind of transformed into cardboard in my mouth. Must be the large chain syndrome.Still, thanks for filling me up, and it's always nice to have a healthy fast food joint nearby.
3	I've been here twice for dinner.  I found the meat and veggies fresh and tasted great both times.First time was so fantastic that we came back the next week to share the goodness with one of our friends.  There was only one worker and he was sitting at one of the tables outside talking with a friend when we walked up.  He followed us in and while we stood at the counter ready to order, began flipping the dining room chairs onto the tables.  We asked if they were still open (after all it was 8:15).  To which he said "yes".  Then asked if the store was open to dine in and he said "yes" as he continued flipping up chairs.  If it were earlier in the night, we would have taken his hint and walked out empty handed.The chicken in my pita was barely above room temperature and the sauce was glopped in the middle leaving both ends completely dry.  I ate about 2/3 of it and just threw the rest away to avoid the conflict.  Our friend's steak (which was tossed into the very back corner of the grill to heat up) was still cold.  He only ate about 3 bites of it and had to go back out side to try to get his money back.The guy argued with him saying "I made your pita last, so your meat had to be hot." (He also ordered last and the back corner of a griddle doesn't get hot) and "You should have come and got me right away."  The guy refused to give him his money back and when we asked for the corporate office's phone number, he scribbled the phone number to the store on a napkin!I have an emailed complaint in with the Director of Operations and will post an update once it's all settled.Avoid eating here at all cost if the larger Latino guy is working!  He obviously doesn't care about customer service or providing a decent pita.
3	I went here on Sunday for the first time.  The staff were VERY friendly and helpful.    I had a Mediterranean pizza and it was yummy!!  The place was clean and quiet.   The food was fresh and healthy.  Only con was I brought my 2 year old nephew and the store didn't have any high chairs....
1	I dislike this place very much.  Every time I have gone, my pita has been dry, thin, and tasteless; the fillings have been sub-par (at best); and the service has been present in body but not in mind (something I won't hold against them personally, it generally comes with fast food).  I generally have a standby with Middle Eastern food by which I judge most Middle Eastern locations: the falafel.  The falafel is simple in its design, only ground chickpeas, salt, some spices, and a dip in searing hot oil.  However, every place makes theirs slightly different, and these minor variations make all the difference.  I figure: if you can't get a falafel right, then what can you get right?  So, how does Extreme Pita's falafels hold up? In short: they are terrible.  They are dry, tasteless, wads of unloved chickpeas.  However, I think it's unfair to judge a place solely on one mistake. Extreme Pita sells many non-Middle Eastern items on their menu, maybe it's just not their forte.  So, I ordered myself a chicken-based wrap to find that it was given the same care and attention the falafels recieved: next to nil.In short, do not go to Extreme Pita unless you absolutely have to.  There is nothing inherently wrong with their food, but there is nothing right with it either.
3	I'm not sure where the address comes from.  This place is on Normal (it's in the Memorial Union).Anyway, I come here relatively often when I'm on campus, and I have to say that I quite enjoy the place.  The food is all relatively fresh, there is a broad menu selection, and tons of fillings to choose from!I almost always go for the $5 combo.  It's a regular veggie pita, pita chips, and a drink.  Fill that sucker up with veggies, hummus, garbanzo beans, peppers, and toss on a dressing (maybe a bit of italian), and you've got a tasty, health, quick, and cheap meal.  It beats the hell out of the Taco Bell around the corner on freshness and nutrition.  Taco Bell may win on price, but this place wins on value (since you're, you know, getting food and what not instead of, well, Taco Bell).If you're not going the $5 veggie route, it loses a bit of it's appeal since a lot of the other stuff can get up there in price.  I've tried other things, though, and they've all been good so far.  The meat, when I get it, is usually very fresh (they grill it right there).Oh, and I know this is weird, but I like their packaging.  The pita's are wrapped in a handy two-piece wrapper.  You tear the top 2/3 off and are left with the bottom as a nice handle.  It's very neat and clean, especially when you get something liquid in there (like a dressing).  It also makes it easily to walk with it if you're in a real hurry.All in all, not a bad choice on-campus.  It's a good meal at a good price, and way healthier than pizza or burgers.  Don't make a trip to the Tempe Campus for it, but if you need something while you're already there, you can't go wrong at the unfortunately named Extreme Pita.
1	Not a good meal - just a nasty pile of ingredients, including way too much spinach and chicken that was basically bad quality. The girls behind counter take the stuff and grill it for like 45 seconds (not even hot) and then dump all the stuff into a plastic container and douse it with a ton of dressing. All of that gets mixed up and dumped into a cold pita and then twisted and ready to eat or in my case - ready for the garbage can. i thought there were good deals at student dining places, but this place is just like a mall food court, no deals in sight.
