4	If you are heading to Carolina Place, this is the entrance I choose. The parking is adequate, you do not have to worry about trying to beat the other crazy shopper for that one last parking spot in front of the food court,  and since it is at the end of the mall, I could always use the extra exercise. Afterall, I am eating at all these places I am Yelping about, and appear to be yelping on myself in the meantime.Now, back to Dillard's, It is a staple to Charlotte, and is a viable competitor to Belk's,  Macy's and dare I say Nordstrom's.The Men's Dept is where I usually shop, (not saying that I shop in the Women's section) but I am at that crucial XXL vs. the Big & Fat (B&F) Selection. This does not have the (B&F) area like Southpark, and I usually find a few better deals at the Dillard's Southpark Store in the B&F Section.  No offense to big people.....I wear a 3XL.With that being said, the shoe selection is nice, although my last Timberland's only made it three months......(must be all the footwork to the Yelping), but they do have a nice variety and the prices are reasonable.The staff is friendly, and just an FYI, ever time I go there, I see the Pineville Police doing security, so you can feel much safer than at any other mall.NCFoodGuy
4	I like this Dillard's because it is easy to get in and out of.  I also have found quite a few good deals on sale items at this store.  On my last couple of shopping trips here, I have found the employees to be helpful and friendly.
3	Dillard's is pretty nice but their decor seem a bit outdated though, probably because of their lighting, however, they do offer great variety of brands of clothings. And they do have good sales most of the time. Sad part is they don't offer any other form of discounts, like Belk or Macy. But Dillard's is still a great place to shop at.
3	While I don't mill about in Dillard's (I am a Belk girl), when Clinique has their free-gift-with-purchase bonus time at Dillard's, I stop in to refill on stuff to make meh purty and smell good and get a free bag of items to try (there are few things in this world that ruin my day quite like spending $50 on a moisturizer that either breaks me out or feels like grease).  On a Sunday at 1:00 pm (but the day before Labor Day), there weren't very many people milling about, but it was kind of early.  Getting straight to the Clinique counter (on the second floor), I was greeted by a very friendly young woman who quickly located the night moisturizer that I wanted and asked me what color group of gift I wanted.  She was very friendly and informative (I didn't catch her name, unfortunately, I was still terrified from my 485 construction traffic trip).  I was $50 poorer and on my way in no time. While strolling back through the men's department to the parking lot, I noticed a jaunty plaid Ralph Lauren golf cap that was on clearance that I decided my dad needed to have.   I don't think the young lady that checked me out had enough coffee yet (she seemed less than thrilled that I interrupted her conversation with a coworker), but whatevs - she was polite enough and I was on my way.Dillard's seems a little dated and like it could use a facelift and some new lighting.  I don't think they have done anything with this store since it opened 20+ years ago.  That is not to say the merchandise isn't up-to-date, it is... the store just seems a little wearier than the Belk (which was recently remodeled) or the brighter Macy's.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service of any retail store I've ever experienced. No matter what city/state, it never fails.
