5	On this trip through the us, we found this spot by accident because we stayed in the stratosphere hotel. It is right next to the hotel. They serve american and most importantly thai food. We were at first hesitant to go in there but did it anyway. And boy were we surprised what was in store for us. We only ordered from the thai menu. Papaya salad, green curry, pad thai, thai omlette, chicken basil prepared by an old thai lady and served by a very nice thai waitress. The food is phenomenal, rivals any thai food we had in the US, and believe me we had thai food all over. The bar serves 1$ draft beer. Check it out and you will be as surprised as we were.
5	Hot Dog combo was awesome ! Combo french fries are big portion and fresh. You can try gyros, philly. Staff is so friendly, boba drink is amazing !
4	We stayed at the Statophere but found this place just across of the hotel. It's not a fancy restaurant. It's more like a fast food. $3.95 for breakfast is such a great deal but it's served in paper plates.
2	If you're out of money and can deal with plastic wear then this is the place for you! Thai food is suspiciously spicy. Though we love thai and spice we weren't able to eat it. The service was on the slow side but the server was nice and attentive. The cheese fries were great. Definitely not our pick for thai
2	Prices are a bit more than $5 so a bit misleading. Food was average except Thai which was the only dishes worth getting. No credit cards and $1 charge for debit.  It is a smoky dive where you need a key to get to the restroom.
4	4 stars for giving my taste buds a break from all the cafeteria food in the hotels! This place is perfectly affordable and it doesn't limit you to food such as pizza for their price. If you are ever sick of eating hotel food and don't want to spend a big buck either for something yummy, please try this place out. Super hole in the wall place, but hey my boyfriend and  are from Orange County and we frequent this place every time we are here. They have regular sandwiches to Thai food! I always get the pad Thai with chicken. Level spicy 7 ;) my boyfriend gets level spicy 11 ;). Trust me they will make your good SPICY as long as you ask or it! Two thumbs up!
