4	This is a (relatively) new dental practice opened by the husband and wife team of Drs. Kelly and Michael Wilson.  With a most-pleasant staff and all the latest bells and whistles in their practice, I've got a new home base for my dental care, which is quite a feat since I've only had one other dentist in my life and only left him because he retired.  Having been a a patient for just over a year now, I'm quite happy.  Perched atop Five Guys and The Wine Loft on South Boulevard with plenty of private off-street parking, this office is quite modern and minimal inside.  The waiting area has a large plasma screen TV and plenty of magazines to keep you busy, though I very rarely wait for more then a couple minutes for an appointment.  Bonus to the views from the dental chairs: they have you looking out at the uptown skyline from floor to ceiling windows.  Do know that there is no "enclosed room" space for your appointment, however.  The spaces are separated by large cabinets that hold supplies and the x-ray machines.  I have never found this distracting or intrusive, however.  As for tech, these guys are on the top of their game.  Dental chairs can massage you and you have access to cable TV complete with headphones if you want to try to forget where you really are.  X-rays are taken digitally and they even have a camera they can put in your mouth to image particular areas they can then later show you on their computer screens.  However, I have never felt pressured or "sold to" when it comes to additional business or services.  Best of all are the very pleasant demeanors of the staff- from the receptionist to the hygienists to the docs.  I always feel well-taken care of and there is always time for conversation beyond the general office chatter.  For a modern and friendly dental practice, Southview gets great marks.
5	I hadn't been to the dentist in YEARS, seriously, a very long time. So I was, naturally, pretty nervous, but Dr. Kelly and her staff are so sweet and so gentle. They really make sure you're comfortable with everything they're doing. I had a routine cleaning and a few fillings and everything was painless and comfortable. I hate needles but Dr. Kelly is super gentle and made it as painless as possible. All of their equipment is brand new and up to date. You can watch cable TV while you're being worked on and the chairs will give you a massage. They will email you reminders and insurance info instead of calling you constantly, which I love. Overall very happy with this dentist. :)
5	This is pretty much as great as the dentist can be. Everyone you'll interact with is so professional and really sweet. I just had 3 fillings done with Dr. Michael and basically have no pain. He explained what was going on, checked multiple times to make sure I was okay and is just a really interesting cool guy too. The cable TV and massage chairs are a nice touch too!
5	The only people I trust with my teeth! Southview is the bees knees when it comes to dental offices. Everyone there is so friendly and positive, and clearly enjoy what they do while still handling their work professionally. But let's face it, the office itself is just really cool, with a view of downtown from your chair and rooms that look like they're fresh out of an Ikea catalog.On top of it all, the quality of practice is excellent. They are always straight forward and efficient when it comes to options and are extremely informative about what's going on in yer mouth. I'll definitely be sticking with them for all my dental needs.
5	It's about time.  The walls of stiff dentistry with that feeling of 'I can't wait to get the heck out of this chair' has been broken.  Southview Dentistry where have you been all my life?This was just what I was after.  We recently had a couple poor experiences.  Once in Mooresville, then at Drake up the street... it was time for this turnaround.  The folks at Southview are professional and truly care about your comfort.  I'm just like any other guy and am not super excited to have to spend an hour of my morning with hands in my mouth.  They were excellent though and go over and above to make sure you are comfortable and don't rush it to where you get nicked here and there.  A little ESPN... flip that messaging chair on... and hour later all is well.Definitely what I've been seeking.  Above all else, they were great to my bride as well and are a great place for all ages.
5	New to Charlotte and finding a new dentist was hard. Southview is great.Jen at the front desk is so sweet and accommodating. She will actually call you back when there is a wait list! Out of all the ditzy admin staff I have dealt with.. .Jen is simply amazing. She will check with your insurance company, knows how much things will cost before you even ask!I see Dr. Kelly and she's super nice and a great dentist. They've done a great job with making your dental experience as smooth as possible with massage chairs, tv's, headphones, etc. Its a very spa like office and most of all.... over the top service.
5	Perhaps it was fate... got an x-ray done one day, then the next my problem was solved. The staff is awesome, helpful, friendly and accommodating. I hate the dentist, but I went ahead and scheduled a future appointment because my experience here was sensational.
5	I love Southview, and I don't think I'd ever say I love a dentists' office.Every member of the staff is extremely friendly and courteous. No matter what time of day I am there everyone is (or pretends to be) in the best mood ever. Very professional, very clean and modern, even relaxing!Everyone was upfront with pricing, they wanted to make me feel as comfortable as possible (massage options in the chair? tvs above you? headphones for the tv? yes please!), and even though I know they're churning through patients, I never feel rushed out the door if I have questions or concerns. After my initial consultation there I've had my teeth cleaned, old fillings repaired, and even some new cavities filled. They use a three-part numbing process so I've never had issues with pain. My only complaint is sometimes, especially towards the end of the year, appointments are hard to book - but that's kind of how it goes most places. Definitely recommend them!
1	I would give this office 0 stars if I had the option!  Stay away if you have the option.When I first saw the great reviews, I was actually excited for a dentist appointment!  Then when I scheduled an appointment with Jenny, things went down hill.  First, she rescheduled my appointment without telling me, and I was informed afterward that my appointment time had been changed.  Then, I took off work for the appointment, only to get a call at 4:00 the day before my appointment from Jenny, ordering me to get more insurance information before my 7:30 AM appointment.  This notice from Jenny came less than 24 hours in advance, and was not enough time for me to meet her request.  To make matters worse, Jenny emailed me and told me how inconvenient I had made HER schedule!  She told me I would have to leave a deposit with the dentist, as a "punishment," in order to reschedule.  I agreed to these conditions and asked her to reschedule my appointment, and never heard back.  Then I sent her a second email asking her to reschedule my appointment, and still did not hear back, and on the third attempt she informed me that because I had not paid her a deposit, she would not let me schedule any appointments at her practice.  Don't even try going to this awful practice!
5	As a new patient I was told this visit would be an hour and a half, x-rays, gum check, cleaning and an overview of the previous results. Upon arrival I was greeted by a friendly staff, Jameisha is a sweetheart, and called back at the exact time of my appointment. The dental hygienist explained everything throughout the process and was extremely thorough and the dentist mapped out my steps according to my priorities. I received a recommendation to Southview from a coworker and so glad I listened. I look forward to my next visit...which some may not feel when it comes to going to the dentist. If that is the case, check out Southview!
1	Friendly staff and amazing first visit with Dr. Kelly but all downhill from there.Your first visit, they'll explain everything they're doing in as much detail as you want and really build some trust.While Dr. Kelly was out having a baby, I saw Dr. Michael. Dr. Michael talks to you like a child even lying about what he's putting it your mouth. I'm pretty sure I cut my gum on the hard plastic they put in to keep your mouth open because he told me it was "just a little cotton." The third time he put it in, after he broke one of my teeth and blamed the tool he was using, I saw for sure it was hard plastic and asked and he said yeah it is, it's just to keep your mouth open. He also kept injecting more numbing even though I said it was fine and I didn't want any more. Do they get to charge the insurance for that or something?In case you guys read this--*think*! Cotton is for absorbing and you can squish on it, hard plastic cuts gums if you squish on it. BE honest about what's going on inside my mouth. It builds ... y'know, trust?After that I swore I'd never see him again and made all my appointments with Dr. Kelly because up to this point, she was pretty awesome. The next visit, they said I needed to have some work done on a tooth in the area of that previous one and I thought it was suspicious. She finally said yes, it's because of that previous one he broke and said it was problems with the tools.I scheduled an appointment to get it fixed and they fixed it but during that appointment, she and the hygienist spent half their time bad talking other staff.I get it, everyone at some point has something to say about someone but don't do it in a leadership position with someone under you and don't do it in front of a client!The kicker is I recommended this place to four friends and they all started going here. Now I have to go around and let them all know this place isn't what I said it was.
5	I am new to the Charlotte area and found this place on Yelp. It had good reviews so I picked it for my dentist and am so glad I did. First off, everyone who works here is amazing and so nice. The office is so clean, I was in love with the bamboo flooring. They are extremely thorough and the whole appt for my first time took about an hour and a half. The chair had a back massager option in it which was amazing and they also had a tv screen that they could position for me to watch while they cleaned my teeth. They were so sweet and went over every single detail of my scans and pictures with me and explained everything. I am so glad I picked this office!
5	I love this office! I have had terrible experiences at other dentist offices, 3 hours to pull a wisdom tooth years ago, but Southview is a great practice. The staff is friendly, Dr. Kelly is great. I just got a temporary crown, and it was a very good experience.
1	I would chose to actually give this place no stars. My first visit to the office was awesome. Everyone but the one lady that schedules appointments and takes insurance information was great however  that one lady made me never want to visit again. On my first visit I filled out all my contact information and scheduled my appointment, with I showed back up for my second appointment she informed me not only was I incorrect on my appointment time but I filled out all my incorrect contact information and that it was defiantly not them. I  believe that I  know my phone number and email address. She was very condescending and every chance she got to drop how it was my fault in a "nice" sly way she did. After I left I was so mad I called to cancel my appointment and tell them I wouldn't be coming back. I got a "ok". It's a shame because I had 5 people from work about to make appointments but after hearing my story upon my return opted out.
4	Going to the dentist is never number one on my list of things to do, but Southview makes the task a little easier.The staff is extremely friendly and knows their patients by name. There are two doctors in this location...a husband and wife, Dr. Kelly and Dr. Michael. Dr. Kelly handles cleanings and routine checkups while Dr. Michael does the oral surgery for the office. I've been going here for about a year and a half. In this time I've had a few cleanings and a all four wisdom teeth removed. Dr. Kelly is sweet and explains if you've got any issues with your teeth. Dr. Michael removed my wisdom teeth earlier this year, I choose not to get anesthesia so he talked me though the entire process. He made the removal easy as it could be and a big bonus is he sounds like Matthew McConaughey!!I seen a few people talk about Jen and the bad experiences they had with her. I can agree she wasn't the best person for the job, she rubbed me the wrong way before and I almost didn't come back. Lucky she's no longer working here!!If you're looking for a new dentist give Southview a try.Oh yeah can't forget that on your first visit you get free lunch downstairs from noodles and Company...winning!
5	I can't say enough good things about Southview.  Dr. Mike & Dr. Kelly & the entire staff are pleasant, professional, and in my case.... they cater to cowards!Modern technology combined with an informative approach to dental health is what this entire staff is all about.  I wouldn't go anywhere else!
5	I've been going to Dr. Kelly ever since this practice opened (5 or 6 years ago?).  She is very gentle on my mouth, does things quickly and answers all my questions.  The staff is really friendly and the building is extremely clean and modern.  The chairs are comfortable and I like being able to watch tv while laying down, it definitely helps pass the time.  As far as dentists go, I have to say I really like this place :)
5	OK, I agree with another post. They do cater to cowards like me. Sorry,  I have to say, the place is just fun.  The team of Dr. Michael and his boss Dr. Kelly (or her boss, not sure) are awesome.  Dr. Kelly and Charity certainly know my mouth well after drilling on the north slope to repair a wounded smile..... Sorry Liberals, we allow drilling on the north slope!! Now my smile is awesome.... It really is funny, you think people don't notice but they do, I already had one unsolicited comment  "what did you do?"   I told them I finally brushed my teeth. Thanks guys.....General comment: Folks this is the A team of Dentistry.   I live about an hour away from the office with plenty of choices around my home.....No way.......going to Southview!!  You should tooLadies do not read beyond this point....... Guys, from Dr. Kelly to the rest of the staff....wow.......awesome.   They all have beautiful smiles.Authors note: There are no male hygienist... ;-) So stop reading this post, just book the appointment, get your name on the new patient sign and when your first appointment is done, go have the free lunch downstairs......
2	I have been going to Dr. Kelly and Michael for over 2 years and love how nice they are. Everything I would want in a dentist but with that being said I am very disappointed in the front desk management. Last week on Friday I received a call telling me I had a $40 balance that I had never heard of before. I told her how in June I had moved and informed them of the address but I apologized and told them I would call the following week because I was about to get on a plane and didn't want to give my card number out over the phone in front of people. Unfortunately I forgot because it was a busy week right before holidays to get as much done with clients. I received a voicemail this Friday from I believe her name is Jessica stating that I had a $40 balance and that has been over 90 days so I was being sent to collections. I have an appointment there in early January. If they had my number they should have called well before now. Not the week of telling me I have until 2pm to pay. I have 2 phones and my personal is not the one I always have right by me and so I missed her call and because I constantly travel for work I didn't get her message until after 5. To be sent to collections for a stupid $40 balance that I have only just now heard of and not given ample time to pay infuriates me. I have never missed any payments whatsoever. Needless to say as soon as Monday morning comes I will be paying the stupid $40 balance and canceling all future appointments. $40 are you kidding me! If you had my number you should have called sooner. Shouldn't be sent to collections because I moved and you didn't update the data correctly. I have a follow up appointment in January I could have paid you in person then. If you are going to use Southview I would recommend never moving and always calling them to see if you have a balance. Lord knows they don't call you until after 90 days.
5	This place is as good as it gets. Had my first dental exam this morning and from start to finish, I was wowed! The "wow factors"-Great, accessible South End location-Great decor, super clean looking, and I mean spotless-My hygenist was superb. Walked me through everything, cleaned my teeth gently but thoroughly, was so pleasant-The dentist was lovely, answered my questions-Massage chair and tv above my head?!-And finally...Free meal at Noodles & Co. with your visit receipt! I mean what?!I have found my dentist!
