5	Calling all dandies, gentlemen and gentle ladies...Walter Slater is a wonderful clothes emporium that specialises in elegant and finely tailored suits for men and women. They stock off-the-peg trousers, waistcoats, jackets and skirts as well as offering an in-house, made-to-measure service. Made from distinctive Scottish tweed, their garments look and feel high quality and are intended for the city as much as the country estate. For those that already have enough suits in their wardrobe, Walker Slater also sell luxurious cotton shirts, cashmere jumpers, cardigans, macs, hats and classic, two-tone Ellington shoes. The shop is delightfully laid out and the decor - all rustic floorboards, wooden shelves and stone walls - hints at the expensive price tags.
4	Visiting from California and true to form we left most of our shopping to the last minute.  I found a great sport coat but it needed some tailoring.  We had one full day left and Owen worked with folks to ensure that the coat was ready for us before we needed to depart.Prices seem fair and the quality appears superior.  Their customer service is great.  I recommend them as a must stop if you're looking for something nice to bring home from your travels (just plan for alterations!).
5	I made the pilgrimage to The Holy Grail of menswear, Walker Slater, Edinburgh. Welcome to Planet Tweed.This is a true old school gentlmen's clothing shop. This is the kind of place you would expect to see James Bond shopping. The tweeds are the finest quality in the world and the shirts, hats and accessories are equally nice. The three piece suit I purchased is simply amazing! The stitch work, lining, fabric, design and cut are absolutely top notch, clearly cut by a master tailor.The same high quality one would expect to find only if one went back in time to the golden era of gentlemen's clothing.The service is very professional and friendly. The staff is extremely knowledgeable, helpful and accommodating, I felt very well taken care of.If you are a man who appreciates the very finest that Scotland has to offer, look no further, you've already found it.
