5	After a few down days, it was time to get my mind off things with a little shopping. Nothing like Men's Wearhouse to do the trick - a full range of clothes - suits, button down shirts, polos, business casual - even jeans and graphic tees. The staff is always friendly and knowledgable. They know what looks good and will select clothes for you based on your preference and their suggestions. Wardrobe Consultant Ray Probst has helped me a couple of times and he has done a great job each time. One thing I like is they have a wide selection of styles and sizes. They will measure you and I have used their tailor services for a couple of tuxedos I purchased elsewhere.The company has a great web site with a larger selection than the store and sometimes a lower price. Another cool thing for about $100 per month is the fresh shirt and tie club  - a new shirt and tie based on the recommendations each month in your mail box. Free shipping and right to the door.I need to step it up and visit the store more often to switch the game a bit. Men's Wearhouse - the official store of Vanilla Heat 2.0...
5	These guys rule!I am not exactly the kind of guy that wears a suit and tie - If it were not for Church, I would not even own one.  Business?  Who cares?  You will always catch me in shorts, tshirt and flip flops .... WELL, that said - I know nothing about suits and matching and all that crap.Went here cause I had need of a suit for something at Church and these guys took care of me, and made this ugly man look presentable.  They were no pressure, they made sure I felt comfortable, and they didn't try to sell me something, or push me into something that I didn't want or need.And, they got my suit tailored on the same day - ready to go - out the door all in the same day!  Great service.I also had to go to these guys for my brothers wedding a few months back (to get a tux) and they did a great job again - everything fit perfect and my brothers wedding was a huge success - and again, they even made me look half way decent.Great staff, friendly and they really do try to help you out and answer all your questions!
5	I have never made a purchase at this particular store, but have had alterations and pressing done. Wow, these people are so nice and so kind. Their easy going atmosphere is so relaxing and they love to just chat and talk about the little things in life. I do feel special in this store. I am there about once a week for pressing of my pants which they do complimentary if they are a product of their empire!!! Love that about them! Just a great store, great location, and great employees!
2	Not a fan...sure they were teenagers coming into buy a suit two days before prom, but poor service is never going to leave a good impression. We had much better luck and service at JC Penney.
4	The staff was great at helping us set up our wedding rental group and picking out our tux options.  Just make sure you pick up your tux as early as possible.  Several of our groomsmen needed additional adjustments to the rental tux in order for it to fit them properly.
4	I went in this afternoon to buy my first suit. My line of work I can get away with jeans and a polo, however I need to fly back east to my corporate office for a week and men are required to be in a suit. So I walked in and was greeted by Chad. He was very patient, and took the necessary time with me. Now I'm sure the sales people are commissioned, yet Chad wasn't pushy and seemed like he would spend the whole day with me if needed. I walked in thinking I would just be getting fitted and I walked out with two suits. I will definitely be back to purchase additional items from Chad.
4	Great customer service.  My husband rented a tux for an upcoming wedding and I was very impressed with the friendly staff who helped us immediately and in a professional and kind manor.  They even gave us a discount for 50percent off any item in the store which is nice.
2	I'm getting married next month and have been in this store twice. One thing I didn't like is I didn't have anyone dedicated to my service of renting a tux. As the groom it's one of my most important days of my life. I didn't see quality of experience and knowledge in sales Not enough opinions or help while trying suit. I pick up next month for my wedding. I surely hope this experience is better for us.
2	Went in on a Sunday afternoon, with my wife, to rent a tux.Was assisted by a young female, twentysomething.I'm no teener, going to frat bash. More of a retired professional going to a formal dinner.The girl did no more than the absolute minimum to accomodate me. Did not answer my questions accurately, could barely be bothered. They do not have the rental items on site, and little in store to even look at. She very obviously could not care less about proper fit, I pretty much fitted myself.Bottom line...over $200.Monday I went to "The Tux Lady" in Mesa. Was given personal, experienced service and fitting. Got a NEW tux & accessories. $125.00.Went back to Wearhouse, cancelled order and received refund.End of Story!
4	I am very pleased with The Men's Wearhouse and how they treated my son. My 17 year old went, on his on, to pick out his tux for his prom. They were very helpful to him making recommendations to ensure a close match for his date's dress.  My son wanted to handle all the details himself and me being the nervous and slightly neurotic mom that I am, I was unsure how successful he would be.  The salesperson selected a nice dark gray Vera Wang tux instead of the typical black one. He matched a nice salmon color vest and tie to match his girlfriends dress. While it wasn't a perfect match, it was as close as they could come. When he picked up the tux, it was a perfect fit and all pieces were clean and perfectly pressed. While I thought the rental might have been a a little pricey, it was really nice and they looked like a beautiful couple at the prom.
1	The tux rental desk was completely unhelpful and uninterested.  I had to ask for my options and had to help myself to the vest and ties display.  It could not have been more impersonal.  I have rented at a different location before and had a very different experience. She then charged us wrong and never apologized.  When I asked her opinion on a vest color and tie color she said "you're ok"Our company will have spent about $1500 on this order-- too bad we got zero customer service by an uninterested sales person.
