3	What happened?    This place used to rock. Customer service is  gone!!   Nice selection of breads and pastries but disappointing experience.
4	Coffee was delicious.  I got the light roast with a shot of french vanilla.  I saw another review about poor service but, we came in at 3:30 pm and the one employee I saw working was prompt and friendly.  My wife and I enjoyed it.  It is so nice to see a non-starbucks coffee shop.None of those pretentious uber- enlightened unemployed hippies like you see at Starbucks.
1	I have yet to find a good bakery in Charlotte.  If you know of a good Italian bakery (or other), please email it to me.  If it's good, I will get you a gift card from there.  The only reason I think people give this bakery a good rating, is because they compare it to a super market "bakery."  Down south, super market bakeries are not bakeries, they're just a point of sale for terrible process and sometimes pre-frozen food.  This bakery is on par with the ever awful Harris Teeter.  I don't know what, or if any, of the food here is actually made on site.  I gave this place 3 attempts.  The pastries are dry and flavorless.  I had lemon meringue pie, and it was still partly frozen.  FROZEN!  A bakery should make ALL baked goods on site.  Even the bread.  Nothing should be delivered there by truck except raw materials.  At the end of the day, all food is either thrown out or donated.  This is how it's done at a real bakery.  If you do keep yesterdays food, wrap it and discount it making it known that it's yesterdays good.  I have standards for bakeries and delis because I grew up in NY.  But even the bakery in Michigan where I went to university blew away any bakery in Charlotte, and that was in the midwest...aka "the rustbelt."  STOP REWARDING SUB-PAR FOOD CHARLOTTE.  Establish a standard, and don't waste your money on those who don't meet it.  I know it's difficult, because since moving here, I often find myself settling for somewhere because at least they have the item I want, even though it's not any good.  We must constantly remind ourselves that we're going out and paying for GOOD food, not just food.  Go up north and visit some bakeries and stop giving this place 4 and 5 stars.
4	Why doesn't this little shop get more play?  I mean, Matthews/Mint Hill only offers so much so I would expect Nova's to be a more popular spot!  They offer wifi, have comfy couches and chairs, good looking pastries and fresh brewed coffee.  What could be better?  Plus, it isn't the typical run of the mill national chain.I see other reviews (or ONE other review) that commented on the baked goods and the fact that they are subpar and not as good as the bakeries in NYC.  Well, I have news for everyone that moves here from NY:  THIS IS CHARLOTTE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Not that we expect less because it is Charlotte but we aren't comparing ourselves to NY or any other city for that matter.  My vanilla latte with almond milk was awesome.  One of the best I have had.  The girl at the counter was pleasant and very helpful.  The price was a little more than I cared to spend for a medium (almost $5) but the quality was worth it.  I will definitely be back and am happy to support this shop.
4	A good source of Nova's breads , which I used to buy regularly at Harris Teeter before they went corporate with their own brand.  The breads are I assume shipped into this smaller outlet from Nova's main bakery off Central.  If you live in Matthews or Mint Hill, it's a good resource for great bread ( much better than the tasteless stuff with poor texture the grocery chains keep pushing).
2	We visited this Sunday afternoon. There were three other pairs there and one person on the internet. The lattes were good. There were still a few pastries, but very little bread available. We wanted a sourdough, but no luck.
