4	An excellent clothing store where you can find fashionable clothes reasonably cheap. It reminds me a bit of H&M although the prices and quality of the clothes seem to be just slightly higher. I was here during a great sale. I picked up two skirts for $10 each and a top for $10 as well. The clothes are displayed nicely and the racks are well maintained. It was a bit difficult finding a sales person to help you and an open register. The dressing rooms are a bit of a disaster. The first dressing room I tried had no mirror. The next one I tried had a broken lock. However, I can't fault them too much because the prices are great and the clothes seem to be decent in quality. I inspected the hems on both skirts and they appeared well stitched. I'll be back next time I am in Montreal.
2	Compared to what it used to be, this place is a total crap hole full of discounted, cheaply made clothing and pleather footwear and handbags.Les Ailes used to be a prestigious departement store carrying brand names, cosmetics and perfume, a salon, breastfeeding lounge and other specialty attractions but since they went out of business, they only carry crappy clothing.This particular downtown store looks out of place, it is surrounded by nice stores like Swavrovski, Lacoste, Sephora etc but the items they sell look like they belong in a warehouse.They have big flashy signs like 2 for 20$ or 3 for 15$ type deals- don't be fooled, these are always the regular prices and if you need simple casual clothing, these are fine as basics.
1	what used to be awesome has been utterly crap for almost a decade!the store and its warehouse feel sticks out like a sore thumb around brand/prestige boutiques which makes it laughable and head shaking worthy.the clothing reminds me of what you'd find on plaza st-hubert and no offense to plaza st-hubert as i love the place but you have to admit, ailes de la mode simply has no business being in business anymore.the only redeeming thing is probably the stockhomme suits as some doesn't look too bad.you can do and find better than this store!
