5	TOTALLY LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I have worked with animals for about 4 years in boarding, grooming, and vets. NEVER have I worked with someone so kind and loving of my pet than at this hospital. Dr. Rhonda Lepardo was recommended by our neighbor, because our dog had a bump that was a result of a rabies vaccine reaction. The first hospital (who will remain nameless in this post) wanted 200 the first time we came in for an exam and lab work, and then almost 1000 for his surgery, and even suggested some dental work and extractions on my 9 month old dog?!?!? I thought it was weird and that's why I went to Amherst. They got me in on the day I wanted with the Dr. I wanted with no problems. Dr. Lepardo took almost an hour with us answering all of our questions and concerns and all possible options. We were then able to schedule the surgery for the following business day. As soon as my dog was done with surgery and awake the DR. called me which in my 4 years of working with vets, that has never happened. Told me about the surgery and that he was doing well. She even helped me to get the company that made the rabies shot to pay for it, after the first hospital had screwed that all up. Dr. Lepardo did a great job fixing my little Fenway and will be our family vet for life.
5	Had another trip to the vet today. This time it was just routine, we needed his rabies shot done. After the experience with his rabies, at a different hospital the last time we were a little worried. Dr. L answered all our questions and made us feel very comfortable about the choice we made. Our appointment was for 9am. Got there at 8:45am, and was out by 9:05. Dog did great, and every one was friendly and fantastic as usually. Thanks again Dr. L.
5	We've been visiting Dr. Lapardo and Amherst Animal Hospital for YEARS.  Dr. Lapardo is very caring, compassionate and thorough.  Her staff is the same.  Very competent doctor & staff. One of the staff members that I only know as "The Pug Whisperer" (sorry, I don't know her real name) is AMAZING with our old 15 year old pug.  She always trims our pug's nails - which, I must say, is a lot of drama and big ordeal in our house.  Their prices/fees are fair and reasonable, and the hours are flexible.  We have not had any major medical pet issues (broken bones, cancer, etc.), so I can only speak of non-life threatening medical issues for our pets.  Dr. Lapardo gets an A+ from me.
