4	Hokkaido just opened on Browns Hill Road. We really liked the food here.  The variety is nice and the deserts are way better then the usual fair at seafood/sushi buffets.  The Sushi was good but not a lot of selection.We do plan to go back and would recommend it to a friend.Prices are reasonable for this type of place.8/per person weekday lunch16/per person Dinner and Sunday all day13/ Saturday Brunch.
3	yum yum yum! I went for the sunday buffet and was pleasantly surprised! It's located right near a liquor store and a soon-to-be Ihop so wasn't expecting much. I was impressed by the clean interior and then the wide selection of food. It might not be as wide a selection as sushi buffets in new york but it was plenty for me and after 3+ plates I still wasn't able to try everything I wanted to! The food was all fresh and delicious and at such reasonable prices. I left with a full belly and a huge grin on my face.
5	I've been to Hokkaido now 3 times.  I had heard about a sushi buffet that was $8 for lunch...a fantastic deal.  I tried it out...and wow! The sushi is great, they even have very good quality SASHIMI (!!!)...for dinner they have crab legs as well!  Plus cocktail shrimp and a plethora of other interesting seafood items.  Then there is the regular full array of Chinese food, soups, salads, Korean BBQ, and hard ice cream...everything is all you can eat!  Everything is very good quality and tasty.  My new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh!!Prices are reasonable, but drinks are not included, so tack on an extra $1.79 if you want a Coke (yes, Coke, not Pepsi!).
4	My girlfriend and I have been awaiting the arrival of Hokkaido for sometime now. When it finally opened we were more than excited. We went to Hokkaido last night and enjoyed ourselves. For just $16 a person it was all the crab legs, shrimp, mussels, crawfish, and everything else you could possibly want. I was very satisfied and stuffed. I plan to go back very soon. The food is worth every penny. I say go and have a good time but let me say remember to keep your silverware because they will take it and wont bring more back. You could always ask  but its hard to get their attention. Despite that I say go and stuff your face.
3	This is NOT a sushi buffet.  Yes they had sushi available but if you consider yourself a sushi fanatic you will be let down.  It was very average selection and nothing special from the sushi section.That being said, the chinese food they had was very good.  Speaking as someone who has been to China a few times, their food is quite authentic in its flavor.  This may put some people off but I loved it.And the location was great.  I say go but only if you have low expectations for sushi and like good real chinese food.
2	These other reviewers are CRAZY.... Average at best.  Sushi was good but the other food left something to be desired.  Sushi rolls were more rice than anything.  Decent selection of sashimi.  Went for dinner - $50 with drinks - not bad but as stated, the sushi was the only think worth going back for.  They did have crab/crab legs that were good - how can you really screw up crab legs? I would recommend the spicy beef & teriyaki chicken sticks but didn't really like any of the other dishes. General Tsos Chicken tasted more like sweet and sour sauce with hot peppers thrown in.  I will say that we went during the week at about 8:00 (2 hours before close).  Maybe they "step-up their game" during the weekend. Also - its not the cleanest place.  Tables were clean but the rest of the place could use a good scrub down.  I guess I may have expected too much from a buffet place.  All that said - doubt I would go back.
4	3.5 stars.  I'm typically a pretty harsh reviewer when it comes to buffets since to me buffet quality food is synonymous to takeout quality, and why would someone dine out to just have takeout?  Also, for the same cost and time spent at a buffet one can go to a much better restaurant with better tasting and quality food.  With that in mind, I have to say Hokkaido isn't as bad as I thought it was going to be.So here's what I have to recommend:1.  Go for lunch.  Only go for lunch.  At $8.99, it's probably one of the cheapest if not the cheapest buffet out there.  If you're shelling out over $20 for dinner including drinks, why not just go to a Chinese restaurant w/ a nicer ambiance and better quality food like China Palace?2.  Go early.  I've been there once around 12:30 and once around 2:30 PM and there's a giant difference in the quality of the food.  Get there either before or during the lunch rush.  They have adequate seating and it's not like you'll be waiting... it IS a buffet.  Food will be coming out a lot faster and everything will be fresher.3.  Stick w/ salmon nigiri.  If you're here for the sushi, their rolls just don't cut it, and their salmon nigiri is probably the only thing worth eating.  Their other options aren't really passable.4.  Get their dim sum.  If you're going when they're busy, fresh handmade dim sum is being made all the time.  And where in Pittsburgh can you get non-frozen sui mei?  I also like their pork buns (only if they're freshly made of course).5.  Avoid the usual suspects.  You know what fried rice tastes like.  You know what lo mein tastes like.  You know what chicken teriyaki and General Tso's tastes like.  You know it's all loaded with excessive MSG and you'll have cotton mouth while feeling like crap later.6.  Do try their Mongolian BBQ / Teppanyaki.  The chef actually knows what he's doing and cooks kinda okay.  If you're new to Mongolian BBQ, it might be daunting, but after a while you should be able to figure out what sauce combinations taste good.  The chef can make a sauce for you, but I don't like my dishes as salty as your average patron.I find myself eating their salmon nigiri, their dim sum, their beef brisket soup, and their "szechuan-style" pork.  I also get some veggies, be it baby bok choi, green beans, or broccoli for the sole reason of pretending to be healthy.  I stay clear of all their other sushi, their, pizza, sausage, pork loin, and random Americanized Chinese.A quick nigiri fix with some handmade dim sum in Pittsburgh for 11 bucks seems pretty good for me.
4	Post-Thanksgiving meal planning is a tough task.  You've got a house full of guests, each with his/her own culinary quirks (the snooty foodie, the ethnic restaurant authenticity police, the cheapskate, the unadventurous picky-eater who finds chop suey too exotic, the militant vegan, and the long-suffering mother); the only thing everyone can agree on is: No more leftover turkey!  This would be a good time to pack everyone into the car and head out to Hokkaido Seafood Buffet.To Asian food aficionados, Hokkaido Seafood Buffet may look kinda sketchy -- being sandwiched between a Dunkin Donuts and an IHOP in a divvy strip-mall, its location does not exactly screams "oishii!" Its very buffet-ness also induces skepticism -- good food and buffet are so very often mutually exclusive.  All the same, curiosity got the better of us, and so we find ourselves in Hokkaido Seafood Buffet this Saturday post Thanksgiving.The name of the restaurant is somewhat misleading. There's nothing particularly Japanese about this place. It is really set up to cater to Americans and Chinese. The food offerings run the gamut from pizza to pig's ears and chicken feet. They do have vegetarian fares, and you will also find dimsum-y snacks, Korean pancakes, chow mein, fruit, ice cream, and, of course, sushi. The qualities of these dishes vary. The dimsum-y dumplings are probably your best bet (though the wrappers are too thick). The noodle and mongolian bbq station is also a nice touch. The sushi offerings are ok (for buffets) if quantity is more important to you than quality.Summary: Food-wise, HSB probably only warrants a 3 stars, but I'm giving it an extra 0.5 star for its wide cuisine coverage and another 0.5 star for providing a compromise to a group of diverse eaters.
4	I really liked it.  It gets 5 stars for variety and atmosphere, and 4.5 for yum factor.I ate: a variety of quality sushi, awesome hot & sour soup, a sampling of of standard asian buffet fare and a heap of crab legs.  There was also a bar where you could fill your plate with raw meat and veggies and have a chef cook it for you as well as some old fashioned real ice cream and fruit and salad bars.Oh, and chicken feet.  And pig ears.  Pretty bizarre (and not for me), but I appreciate that those items were available.  How many buffets have chicken feet?Definitely got my money's worth on the crab legs and sushi.
4	$18 bucks w/ tax for all you can eat sushi/bbq/whatever.My favorites - sake sushi, orange chicken, lo mein, and the fried sesame rice balls.For all-you-can eat, it has a good price and food that actually tastes decent.  That's tough to beat.
4	I think what I like most is the variety.  All sorts of seafood, Chinese dishes, sushi, veggies and even some American food.  Nothing was spectacular, but it gave me the opportunity to eat tiny portions of dishes I have been craving for weeks (e.g. Sweet & Sour chicken, yum).  We came right before the lunch rush around 12:30pm but the place is huge so seating was not a problem.  Sushi and dessert selection was mediocre.  They were out of a few dishes (like the crab legs, ugh) but there was enough of everything else to leave me and my cousin completely stuffed.
4	My boyfriend and I went to this place a few nights ago.  I was VERY excited to try it out after reading all the reviews.  I didnt try the sushi at all but I did see it on the buffet.  I got hibatchi and crablegs.  I must say the butter tasted like popcorn butter...ewww!  But none the less they had TONS of variety!  They did have JUMBO shirp coctail that was devained on the buffet.  I think that was awesome!   hibatchi was OKAY.  It was no nakama thats for sure but its part of a buffet!  I think for the $$$ its WELL worth it!  I will be back!
4	Four stars only because of the sushi, which was very good for a buffet. Generous amounts of fish and no need to order just pick it up. The rest of the food was mediocre. I would go back for sushi especially around lunch. All you can eat sushi for around ten dollars.  Can't beat it
4	Excellent place for all you can eat sushi, seafood and other good eats. Their fish is fresh.  Their hot foods are pretty tasty.  I especially love that they have roast duck.  The quality and variety has never let me down. What more can you ask for in a buffet?
4	I am a Hokkaido fan!  Even at its most expensive price ($18), it's a bargain for all-you-can-eat sushi, crab legs, whole crabs, shrimp cocktail...They also have standard Chinese buffet fare (the sweet and sour chicken is great!) and even some American favorites like pizza, etc.Although the sushi isn't quite as good as Tokyo Sushi Buffet, it is pretty good especially considering the variety this place offers.I will definitely be back!
2	This place is utterly disappointing.   The sushi was not fresh, an important aspect especially considering raw foods. The cooked foods was lacking in taste, either too salty or ambiguous tasting. The steak was too rough, low quality meat. The salmon was overcooked and too cheesy. The dim sum was a waste of space. The clams were fair and were okay. The ice cream was standard. In comparison, Tokyo Sushi Buffet is much better.  If you're talking about Variety, I believe Tokyo has a much BETTER tasting and better variety.
4	Fayette County girls know a thing or two about buffets and this place has got it all. I'm a vegetarian so I have more options at lunch time, plus its cheaper. My boyfriend and I walk out of there like stuffed pigs for $20 + tip.I don't want to be redundant so I'm going to skip talking about specific items as you can read about them in the other reviews.
2	I had avoided Hokkaido since it opened for two main reasons -- 1) their logo makes it looks like a laundromat, and I don't like the idea of eating seafood at a laundromat; 2) I have a a general distrust of seafood this far inland, especially in 'all you can eat' quantities, and most especially at a laundromat.My boyfriend and I wanted to get sushi tonight, though, so turned to Yelp for ideas of where to do this.  Hokkaido scored high in the results, making this officially the first time Yelp has let me down.  And it not only just let me down, but also helped lead me to a general feeling tonight of wanting to give up on life after a meal there.We started with the sushi.  I'm certainly not a sushi aficionado, but even I know that sushi is not supposed to be so... chewy.  I don't even really know what more to say about it. I tried a stuffed clam and stuffed shrimp as well, and with both, the stuffing was pretty tasteless and just came off in a clump, leaving me with sad looking pieces of fish, that were, once again, really really chewy. I'd been pretty excited about the crab legs, as I'm not terribly picky about those, so it's hard to let me down there.  Ultimately, they were fine... somewhat run-of-the-mill, but at least similar in quality to any you can find at the finest Chinese buffets our Northern suburbs have to offer.  (In fact, that's the only reason I gave this place 2 stars, which to me is really more like 1, since you apparently can't give NO stars.)Everything started really going downhill after this, though.  When I'd gone to the crab area for my crab legs, I'd tried to even avoid looking at the plate of 'whole' crabs next to them... the meal hadn't been *horrible* thus far, just pretty bland (and chewy), but I was still mindful of the fact though that my general queasiness about this experience could tip over into full-blown nausea at any moment.  After a single glance at these 'whole' crabs told me something was definitely not right there, I just decided to pretend I'd never noticed them.  This plan was foiled, though, when my boyfriend, who apparently has no idea what a crab is or is not supposed to look like, brought one back to the table.  I really had no choice at that point but to look at it a bit more closely.  We ultimately concluded that there was no way this crab came from anywhere farther away than the Mon.  Had the sign above the dish indicated what species of crab this was, I might have had less difficulty with the whole thing, but to simply say that THIS thing was 'crab' made it even grosser.  It was brownish in color and had hugely disproportionate, misshapen claws that could only have resulted from exposure to some type of radiation.   The meat (which, I imagine it's needless to say by now, I didn't consume) was crumbly and dry.  I swear I could smell smoke from the mills released from its shell when he cracked it open.  I don't think I can attach a link here, but if you do a google image search of 'genetically modified spider,' or even just simply 'Love Canal,' you can probably get a better idea of what this thing looked like.If it's not clear, I think I would go so far as to say that I was actually personally offended by this place.  I struck up a conversation with a seemingly very nice, normal-looking (remarkably so, in this place) woman in front of me at the dessert table, and she mentioned that she likes taking her son here when he comes into town for a 'nice meal.'  I wanted to cry and give her a hug.  By the way, the desserts were also extremely chewy.  And the watermelon was sour.  On our way out, we saw a sign that indicated you can have your wedding reception there.  So, in conclusion, if you are planning a wedding reception, and want that wedding reception to be the most depressing affair any of your guests have ever attended, and you want your wedding favor to be sending your loved ones home with the runs for the next three days, then I strongly recommend Hokkaido.  Since Yelp doesn't offer a rating for that, though, I'm going to go ahead and highly recommend avoiding this place.  You deserve better, and you're more likely to get it catching something 'fresh' down the hill off the Duck Hollow pier.
4	YUMMYYYYY.  (imagine that spoken in a Cookie Monster type voice, and you can imagine the scope of the deliciousness to be found at Hokkaido).My boyfriend and I drove past a sign that said "Japanese Seafood Buffet" on the way to the Waterfront, and we both immediately stopped conversing to note "That sounds delicious....I want to go to there."  Coincidentally, our insurance agent mentioned Hokkaido as one of the best meals of his life, and we knew that it was our destiny.  Our delicious destiny.We arrived at Hokkaido around 545 pm on a Saturday - super early and lame, I know, but we didn't want to have to wait for a table.  Plan worked - we were seated immediately and were in the buffet line in mere moments.  The buffet is arranged around two walls of the restaurant - it's very accessible, and easy to duck in and out to grab a quick nom of something without waiting in the whole line.  The first area is fruit/salad bar, which we mostly bypassed, except we grabbed some seaweed salad and calamari - also noted they had kimchi there as well.Moving on, you hit some more standard Asian buffet classics, various Chinese entrees, and some more unique offerings.  I grabbed some sauteed scallops, Szechuan short rib, and then my eyes fell on the whole steamed crabs and the crab legs.  Not being in possession of the proper crab cracking tools, I went for the legs instead of the whole crab.  These are VERY popular, but they are constantly refilling the tray with fresh hot legs of nomminess, so don't worry - you'll get some.Next is a Mongolian barbecue-esque area, where you pick your raw protein and vegetables and a dude stir fries it for you on a hot grill.  We skipped that, and the carving station next to him (couldn't see what type of meat it was).  Next is a baked/fried area filled with super-delicious looking things like egg rolls, seafood pancakes, shumai, and all kinds of awesome Japanese buns and sweets like red bean filled buns, taro buns, and sesame roll things. After that is a good-size sushi area, where sushi chefs work throughout the night to refill the platters as they empty.  There is also a small "American section" with boring looking pizza and corn and other lame things, and there's a dessert area too.Most of what we had was deeeeeelicious!  Especially noteworthy are the crab legs, the red bean buns (which I became obsessed with after one bite), the shumai, and the ngiri sushi.  The rolls were all decent, some were falling apart a little bit, but the sashimi and ngiri were undoubtedly fresh.  Gorgeous cuts, fish was silky and fresh in the mouth - what more can you ask for from a SUSHI BUFFET?  I never expected sushi of this quality here - not saying it's the best I've ever had, but for $16.99 all you can eat sushi and crab legs and a million other things?  A STEAL, people.We had a plate of hot food each, a plate of sushi each, then a pathetic attempt at dessert (small cheesecake piece, small other cake piece, another red bean bun) and then rolled ourselves home.  We had to eat everything on our plates because they will charge you $8 for uneaten food on your plate!  Not a risk we felt like taking, so load up your plates wisely!And don't hurt anyone over those crab legs - they will bring more, I promise!
4	I like it! My boss constantly talked this place up since he loves sushi, and it is well worth the trip. The prices are ridiculously low for what you get. We spent $20 for both of us for lunch! The sushi selection is great with some interesting and tasty creations. The stir fry station was my favorite! I highly recommend this place!
4	Definitely one of the best of this form of restaurant I have been too. Incredible number of choices all very well presented.Sushi and sashimi (tuna, red snapper, and salmon) is generally decent for budget sushi restaurant, only all you can eat. The salmon sashimi was actually excellent though farmed salmon most likely. I appreciated that they were served at room temperature rather than chilled.Cooked seafood was pretty good. Small crabs are a lot of work to eat and the crab legs are the smaller King Crab kind. Large and small clams.I enjoyed the Peking Duck (actually watched them butcher a whole duck after one tray was finished) served with the sauce, onions, and even the flour pancakes.Lots of hard packed ice cream choices for desert is much better than the soft serve at other Asian buffets.Mongolian BBQ looked pretty good with unfrozen meats (whole NY strip steak) and raw shrimp though I ran out of gas before I can try it.Service was really good with plates constantly cleared and beverages refilled. My first time there so I didn't realize beverages not included in the base price (tea for $0.50 and unlimited soda at $1.50). Sunday dinner buffet with soda for one clocked in at just about $20 before tip.
4	Super Deal!Went for lunch for the first time yesterday, after having gone for Sunday dinner one time. My lunch tab was roughly half of dinner or around $10-11 depending on beverage and tip.Selections were similar to dinner except no Peking Duck, crab legs, grilled eel sushi, and only Red Snapper in sashimi form (tuna and salmon available in Sushi form). The cold section amusingly labels crawfish as mini-lobsters and also had duck wings and pig ear. Still love their hot and sour soup and wish I found gravy for the mashed potatoes.Service is good and parking plentiful. Certain to become a regular lunch spot for me while I am in Pittsburgh.
4	Since I come from the land of Chinese buffets, Erie, PA I know a thing or two about them. Erie has a Chinese buffet per person, I swear! I came to the burgh in 2000 and couldn't for the life of me find a decent Chinese buffet! They were all pretty disgusting. I was so excited when I saw they were opening up a new one at the Waterfront. Party because it will make my weekly trips to Target that much better! I should say that it's not only a Chinese buffet, but also serves sushi as well! I wouldn't say it's the best sushi I've ever had, but you watch them making it in front of you, so you at least know it's fresh. I look for very certain things in my Chinese buffets, which I think you all should. Cleanliness, fresh looking and selection. I feel like they have it all. They have a large selection of sushi, fried food (who doesn't love cheese wonton's!) and traditional Chinese. They also have a Mongolian BBQ where you can make your own plate of raw food an they cook it in front of you. It's pretty tasty, and I try to convince myself that's the healthy way to go (even though I know it's not!). The buffet is pricey at $18 but you can catch the lunch specials, which is around $10. And totally unrelated to Chinese, they have this cotton candy ice cream that is beyond amazing! Look for the rainbow looking one! Delish!
3	I understand the appeal, but I can't in my right mind give this buffet more than three stars.  The food just isn't that great.  I mean the selection is ridiculous and the place is large enough, so when it's busy you don't really notice, but it's just mass produced chinese and japanese food.  I'd rather just pick chinese or japanese and go to a restaurant with better food at their buffet
3	When you get right down to it, it's a chinese buffet, and as we all know, Pittsburgh and the yinzers with their stretch jeans and sweat pants mentalities, loves them some Chinese buffet.On Jan 1st I took charge of my life and health and went vegan, it wasnt long after that Lesbian friend of Joe who eats meat with every meal and snack decided that for her birthday she wanted to come here for her celebration. we hit the place and she took off for the crab legs, shrimp, and anything she could find that used to be an animal that was sitting under heat lamps and oozing of juices that used to be blood.I went to the sushi station and asked one of the sushi chefs if he could make me a california roll and anything else without fish. He smiled and said that he could put his creative mind to work. I was floored with what he came up with. He took many different vegetables and made me a sushi platter that was both beautiful and filling. Using brown rice and white rice, cucumber, carrot, and scallion, he created a wonderful meal.
3	The last two times I went for lunch they didn't have the tofu with eggplant which disappointed me greatly. I was psyched when I seen miso soup...too bad it was disgusting. It lacked flavor and there was a lot of silken tofu in it which was so tasteless it broke my heart. I wish they would add extra firm tofu to the hibachi bar, maybe some day but I don't know how many more chances I will give Hokkaido. Service is still uber efficient but they really need to step up their sushi game, once I was there and there were OUT of sushi??? This was at lunch time and there were some pretty large parties that probably wiped them out but they should have been on top of that.
4	Cannot compare with Tokyo buffet but still a decent choice if u wanna cram urself with food occasionally :) food on weekend is much better lol
4	Went for the Lunch BuffetSushi- better than Getgo but dont expect UMI, Penn Avenue, or Chaya quality, but hey its all you can eat, so ill take it.  Appetizers-  The cheese and clam wasnt successful nor was the stuffed crab.   The salad was fresh and crispy but not a lot of variety to put on the salad.   The wonton section was fun with items such as cheese wonton, pork buns, and a variety of dumplings.  All of these were good plus there is plenty of dipping sauces which I always run out of at other chinese establishments.   I did not try the quesadillas, meat pockets, pizza or Soup.  There were 6 different types of soup ranging from wonton to Clam Chowder???Main dish-  They had many traditional chinese items but, i particularly liked the bbq chicken.  I also went for the Mongolian BBQ.   This was cool and really was worth the price of admission.   I loaded up on the shrimp and steak which at any japanese steak house would be about $25.   The shrimp were cooked perfectly and the steak was done to my liking as well.  Again, all you can eat!  Side dishes-  Big fan of the singapore noodlesdesserts: fresh fruit like kiwi and oranges, cheesecake, tapioca pudding, rice pudding and ice cream.The place always seems crowded and for a buffet thats what i like to see because  that means high turnover of food!I have not tried the dinner selection but am looking forward to giving that a shot once my stomach recoils back to its natural state.For $9 its tough to beat, but would love to see some Thai food put on the buffet somewhere, just some simple curries would be sweet!
5	I love it.  Snow crab legs during dinner is a must.  They have quite a bit of selection: tons of chinese dishes, salads, sushis, fruit bar, ice cream, soups, pizza, fries, fried chicken, a Mongolian grill, Dim Sum, a carving board with beef, pork or Italian sausage (which is damn good).I like the place.  Looks nice.  Would be nicer if the staff can speak some kind of English (Don't worry, I'm Asian).Overall, I love it.
3	nice place, went back two days in a row when i was in pitts.  amazed to find such japanese buffet places inland.  really enjoyed their seafood and selections.  so much food that it fills you up when you first walk in.  their sushi was good and i like it.  if i ever goto pitts again, i'd pay a visit again.
5	Went here for my birthday lunch on April 12th. It was perfection...the best Asian buffet I have EVER had all for $8.95. They have a wide variety of sushi, Hibachi grill, traditional Chinese dishes, great desserts. I even ate SHARK!  I love squid. They had squid salad, stir fried squid, Chinese type squid. They had peeled shrimp, crawfish, oysters, clams, muscles....it was fabulous!
4	Really good pan fried tilapia. cooked to order teppanyaki. they even had chicken feet on the cold bar...which is not a selling point for me but for my dad it is.they let you bring in your own alcohol with no corkage!
5	They had a very extensive menu which I LOVED! I'm from the bay area so I've been to quite a few Asian seafood buffets and this is by far the best one yet! I didn't like everything but I thought majority of it was very good. The place was very clean and food actually LOOKED good so that is a big difference from a lot of buffets that I have been to. I was able try a lot new dishes that I definitely wouldn't have ordered in a regular restaurant. I tried some of my husband's SHARK (very odd, I know) and it didn't taste bad but the fact that I knew it was shark, made it not appealing to me. The fried frog legs were great! The taro cake was surprisingly good. The sushi didn't taste cheap at all and it was made very well. It wasn't the best sushi I ever tasted but it was the best buffet sushi I ever had! lol ALL of the Chinese food dishes were excellent and I don't even like chinese food that much!! I thought it was cute that they gave us warm towels with our bill... that was a nice touch. The only bad thing was the table service! It was very hard to get a refill and get our check. The waiter gave our card to the WRONG table so it was a good thing that no one was sitting at the table. Overall, I would definitely go again and recommend everyone should go at least once. Oh and if you don't have a very diverse palate, there are food choices for you like pizza, egg rolls, soup,and things of that nature.
4	This place was pretty interesting!  In a good way, though!PRICING:  We (the 2 of us) went on a Friday Night @ approx 7:30 and the check was just shy of $40.The buffet is pretty huge with TONS of different and unique dishes on it.  From Chicken Feet (yep... the claws!) to Sushi!There were a lot of traditional Chinese dishes (such as Lo Mein, Rice Noodles, Rice Dishes, General Tso's, etc.), but there were also some wild ones like Squid!The do have crab legs on the buffet (as well as 1/2 crabs).Lots of fruit and ice cream flavors at the dessert station.There's even a hibachi station!Okay, so the breakdown:PROS:  LOTS of food options;Food was kept pretty fresh and plentiful;Food was hot!We were seated very quickly on a Friday night;the wait staff were on the ball when it came to refills and pre-busing the tables.CONS:Bathroom attention needed to be a bigger priority;The only thing that they did NOT have on the buffet that I wish they did have was regular old Fried Rice!  lol, c'mon now!  How do ya not have that?!??  lolAll in all, it was a good experience!We'll be back and I think that we definitely got our money's worth.
2	I went here because my friends repeatedly suggested this place every time we'd have meals together. I'm never a fan of buffet, but decided to give it a try so I've something to say when somebody asks me to go there. And here's what I'd say: not going there again unless I really have to and don't have to pay for it. Go on weekdays, unless you want to pay more than $15/person for an-OK buffet. The space is big, so it's suitable for a group dining. Parking is available for free. The food? Nothing stood out... The food wasn't horrible, but they weren't things that I couldn't find elsewhere or to die for.A lot standard Chinese food, the taste was bland. Didn't try the sushi at all because they didn't look fresh. Was it worth the money we paid? I guess... simply coz I was pretty hungry and a buffet was a decent treat.
4	This place continues to blow me away. As a lover of all things that dwell in our fair waters, I am continually impressed by the freshness of the seafood offerings here. The sushi is REALLY great-- the yellow tail sashimi is fresh and buttery, the crab legs sweet and delicate. The chefs are also very attentive with everything offered and nothing seems to sit out for very long, which is pretty darn important in buffet dining culture. LOVE them. My only complaint is the kimchi-- it is a tad bland. But hey, the seafood rocks so I can let that go!!
4	Intense variety, most everything is quite tasty. Well worth it.
5	Excellent! Yuki and Elain are the greatest! My 2 year old son loves coming here and they always come to say hello. Very child frendly. the food is always fresh and the sushi is wonderful.
1	Got Food Poisoning STAY AWAY!!!
2	Some of the items at Hokkaido were decent, but I wasn't satisfied with most of the food. I don't know about Pittsburgh, but there are better Chinese buffets elsewhere.First of all, the designation of "Seafood Buffet" is a bit misleading. Sure, they have an extensive sushi/sashimi section, but other than that everything else is the same as other buffets. Also, while acceptable, the quality of the sushi isn't good. Everything has that watery, pre-frozen taste. The sushi's texture and smell is fine though, and everything gets replaced pretty frequently.The hot section of the buffet is a mixed bag. The highlights of the meal were the crab legs, baby clams, and salt and peppper crab. The crab legs were meaty, and buttery sweet. The baby clams were tender and served in a savory black bean sauce. The salt and pepper crab was salty, crispy, and sweet. The hibachi station and some of the fried appetizers are satisfying.However, every other dish at Hokkaido is below average or average. Nothing is offensive (besides the large clams, I ate one and spit it out), but nothing else is of a decent quality. Yes, this is a buffet, but having 5 dishes worth eating out of the 50+ available isn't what I consider buffet success. I ate my weight in crab and clams, but I go to buffets for variety. I probably won't be returning for a while with that in mind.
4	Fresh sushi. A variety of different foods. And it also suits those who don't eat seafood. I recommend the hibachi grill. You hand them a plate of fresh ingredients and they wok it up. It's about 8 and change for lunch buffet. Absolutely delicious.
1	Okay, so I am always wary of buffets of any type and often I'm surprised so when my partner wanted to try this place out, I gave it a go. Ehhhh! Holy cow, okay, so I suppose for Chinese food peeps they have a nice spread, eggplant, General Tso's, etc. However, this place is NOT even remotely close to a seafood buffet (they had quesadillas...?!) They had some sushi which was so so and I'm a sushi nut so I usually really enjoy sushi even if it is, in fact, just so so. Everything was a little too "fishy", which is never good. I expected crab legs, some sashimi, maybe some seared tuna to satisfy me but I have to say that none of that existed but hey, if you enjoy chicken feet at the "salad" bar, this might just be your thing. I filled up with sushi, had a couple pieces of stuffed shrimp and we enjoyed a few pieces of peanut clusters at the chocolate fountain but that was the majority of our experience. Not completely horrible, not completely stunner, just okay. We took a 10 minute trip down the road and we both began to get stomach pains. Steer clear of this place, spend another $10 and go to the Tokyo buffet on McKnight. You won't be disappointed with it, nor will you wind up sick from the food.
4	I'm not a huge fan of buffets but this place is so good! Better than any buffet I have ever been to! Each time I am in Pitt i have to go by there & grab a bite!
3	You're definitely here for the quantity and not quality. The variety is pretty great, but if you want good quality food, this isn't the place to go. I wish they made better sushi. They are just so sub-par. I'm not complaining much about the Chinese food buffet section, however. The large amount selection is certainly nice here. Definitely not a first date type of place because it's so open. It's more like a mid-relationship-fairly-comfortable-with-each-other type of lunch/dinner place. I have to remind myself to not eat until I am wide enough to not pass between the aisles. That would be embarrassing.
3	It is about the quantity. Hello! You are at a buffet!!!The sushi surpassed my expectations. We had the sushi as appetizers before moving on to the bounty of "Asian Delicacies". They were delicacies! There were clams, oysters, crab legs, fried crabs, frog legs (which my friend refused to try), chicken feet (I say you try them if you haven't), woodear among many others. There were a few different kinds of dumplings! Only I was too full by the time I discovered them to have the space to try one. Although I might prefer Tokyo sushi buffet on McKnight over this, Hokkaido wins with its desserts. They have things like coconut rice and different (but not bad) tasting cheesecakes. Oh my fave thing about Hokkaido? The fact that they charge you $8 if you waste food. Brilliant!! It is depressing to see wasted food and Hokkaido is doing the right thing here!
5	Of all the seafood buffet in the pittsburgh area, Hokkaido is our favorite.
4	So admittedly, I'm biased.  I love asian food, seafood, and big eating, so I'm naturally inclined to like asian buffets. That said, I think that Hokkaido is by far the best asian buffet in Pittsburgh.  There's 2 things a buffet can offer.  Quantity and quality.With a full range of over 100 different options including a wide japanese sushi selection, crab legs, tons of great standard Chinese dishes like general tsos and chicken with broccoli and tasty desserts, their selection is as far reaching and as any buffet I've ever seen.  The food is quickly cycled through so it's always reasonably fresh, and the entire restaurant is always immaculately clean, well maintained and fairly stylish.So they have quantity, but hows the quality?  Basically, it's all tasty and definitely as good as you can possibly expect for the price.  It's not the same gourmet dishes you might get at a high end gourmet restaurants like Little Tokyo in Mt Washington, Jimmy Wans in Fox Chapel, or Umi in Shadyside, but it also doesn't carry their high price tags or limited portions either.  Hokkaido is an AMAZING value, and if after pumping iron in the gym I want to get my protein fix, this is a fun place to make that happen.  Come hungry.  You'll leave full and happy :)
4	I drove by this place the other week driving to the Waterfront (my first trip there). I'm not from Pittsburgh.  I checked it out on Yelp and decided to give it a shot.  Everyone's reviews were right on.   There is a lot of high quality Sushi.  The Hibachi grill had a good selection of vegetables and meat.  This is the first one I have ever seen with Shark.  I was pleasantly surprised to find crab legs that weren't waterlogged (like many other buffets).  There were numerous shrimp dishes, crabs, oysters, frog legs, mussels, clams, calamari.  For non seafood people there was a decent number of chicken dishes. I don't recall seeing any beef or pork dishes.  They had several soups; I tried the clam chowder which was very disappointing.  There was a carving station for beef - didn't see anyone going there.  Plenty of Asian  appetizers and a few American dishes (pizza) - which I didn't pay much attention to.  The deserts consisted of a chocolate fountain with marshmallows, poor quality pineapple, stale rice crispy bars, bananas, and something I couldn't identify.  They did have fruit (melon, kiwi), jello, ice cream, rice pudding and the usual boxed cakes/cookies you see at Chinese Buffets. Servers were friendly and refilled drinks quickly.   $18 is a little pricey for a buffet but I wasn't upset paying it. Beware they charge $8 if you waste too much food.  I wonder if they have ever charged anyone that.
2	Me and my friend decided to stop by here after a movie at waterfront. There was so much food, and it was all pretty good--especially the dimsum dishes, and the chinese food. However the sushi had old rice, and fish that was not that fresh, and was weirdly watery.However, the thing that really killed this place for me was the service. The waitresses were more concerned with flirting with regulars then helping. Literally, they stopped at every table around us to talk, chat within themselves, and basically socialize with everyone aside from us. And when our bill came, they circled our table awkwardly until we paid. We asked them to separate our check, and they only gave us one receipt. Plus they coerced me to pay for my friend's tip bill. The waitress literally wouldn't stop speaking to me in Chinese until I paid for my friend's tip, even though he was about to pay the tip in cash. Not that they really helped us...Overall, the service just really killed it for me. We were nicely dressed college students, and the service and attitude towards us was so cold, and then straight up rude that I don't want to come back.
4	I'm a huge fan of a buffet.  It's the one type of restaurant that you can walk into and not feel pressured to have to make the perfect selection off a menu.  Especially if it's a place you've never been to before.The waiters/waitresses are swift, even if they are only delivering a drink to you or taking away a plate you just finished.  I think they might be ninjas.  One second you are sitting there and the next the appear out of nowhere...it's mind boggling.The buffet itself has everything from hot to cold.  I feel as if I'm browsing the shelves at a market somewhere deciding if I really need that item or not.  Doesn't matter, I put it on my plate, if I don't like it, no worries.  Of course being a Chinese style buffet they have my favorite (a probably a lot of other people's favorite), General Tso's.  I always end up getting way to much at a buffet and end up leaving as if I just ate Thanksgiving dinner.  You know, unbutton the pants, and then sit back for a nap type of feeling.Seafood salad, General Tso's, garlic sting beans, honeydew, sushi, won ton soup, and to finish it off, some ice cream.  Happy as a clam sums it up.However, I'm still weirded out by the chicken feet...o.O
4	I come from a long line of eaters. My grandparents sailed over for the sole purpose of the "buffet." My dad won the pie eating contest in the 76 Hubby County Fair. Unfortunately I do not have any medals above my bed...YET. This is where I go to train.There is a 20 dollar fee to train here, well worth it. First I start off with 10 reps of the king crab legs. It's a great warm up, gets the heart going and the fingers nimble. I follow this up with a few randoms, couple reps of sweet and sour chicken, bourbon chicken, and general tsos.After this I like to go for a cool down, or what I like to call, the first desert. Maybe some ice cream, banana cream pudding, something like that.I like to follow up my first desert with some mercury intake. Sushi does the trick. I don't go too crazy with this, like to keep my figure.Then I go big. The mongolian barbecue. This is where I build the stomach muscle. Steak, chicken, shrimp, scallops and I even saw shark here one time. After my stomach has stretched to new heights I like to finish off with my final cool down, some marshmallows run through the chocolate fountain.Is this the best training facility in the world? Probably not. Does it have some good crab legs and mongolian bbq? AbsolutelyAlso, like other people said, dont leave too much food on your plate or they will charge you extra.
4	I love buffets. Period. The only downside to my dinner visit was that I was already sort of full from a late lunch, which meant I couldn't fit much into my belly :( Sad, I know.So my bf and I came here Friday night for dinner and it was pretty crowded. Not too too crowded where you have to wait your turn to get food or when the food runs out and you have to wait for it to be replaced. I've been to the Hokkaido in Long Beach, CA and this was pretty similar to that one. They had a pretty good selection of sushi and sashimi (salmon, octopus, and something else I forget). There was lots of steamed crab legs that never ran out and some pretty (unusually) huge cooked clams. See my photo. They were huge! The food was good and the buffet was clean. However, the service was spectacular! The waitresses were extremely nice and always had a smile on their face, which was a pleasant change from the typical Asian buffets where the waitresses seam to dislike taking the plates off your table.Dessert selection okay. I did like how they had about 8 different ice cream self-serve flavors. The other desserts didn't really stand out to me. The only downside to the dessert section was the chocolate fountain. The bottom level... um... seemed murky (kinda like the dirty water that gets caught in the side of a lake) and definitely needed to be changed. Let's just say I did not touch that chocolate fountain.Other than that, I had a good dinner. Only wished I could fit more in my stomach :)
4	Yesterday was my second times to go to this restaurant with my family. The bottom line is that I love this buffets because we can select plenty of foods ranging from young favorites stuffs to children's favorite. Actually, my son is picky about food, but I can find sometihing for him. If I had to say something bad aspects, sometime(rare) there are a little bit stale foods. Or there are diffrent tasty thinngs compared to last time; it means that this time, it was tasty worse than before (I don't know why). Overall, we all enjoyed this buffets.
4	I do love a GOOD buffet, and quite frankly, around here 'good' is the keyword that is usually missing.  Pittsburgh has plenty of troughs called buffets, and for one price, stuffing yourself silly makes the low quality generally overlookable.  By far, the BEST Asian buffet in da burgh is indeed Hokkaido.At first glance, the menu board lists a price that makes you say 'this had better be worth it!', but once you get inside and experience the magnitude of the offerings, from the usual blase to some more unusual dishes, and you load your plate up again and again with tasty treats, you realize 'Yeah, it was worth it!'First they have a salad section. You can have a simple salad to sate the 'inside the box' eaters, or you can have a woodear salad for the more adventurous. There's kimchee, squid salad and even marinated spicy chicken feet.  Slide over a bin, and you have the peel and eat shrimp, crawdads and other such goodies.  One more to the left begins the hot foods that are more akin to the general offerings at a Chinese buffet, like General Tsaos Chicken, Sprite Beef, rice noodles and stir fried rice, Rose Chicken, Frog Legs, and a variety of other hot dishes and stir fries.Now we're in the corner where the line tends to clog over the crab legs.  I don't get that one personally.  SO much work for so little food, but the line for the crab legs is always a pain - but hey, squeeze by them, avoid the flying crackers, and now you're at the soup station.  Clam Chowder, Hot and Sour, Egg Drop, Wonton...they're all there.Just to your left now is the 'do it yourself mixins' bin, next to the Hibachi grill.  Here, you pick the goodies you'd like, hand them to the cute little Latino behind the grill, and he hops and chops and grill your desired ingredients into a hot steaming mess of yum.One more step to the left, and you reach the heat lamps keeping the 'total inside the box' eaters goods warm...polish sausage and a roast beef or pork.  Once again, step to the left, and you've got the appetizers bin.  Crab Rangoon, pot stickers, chicken-on-a-stick, stuffed mushrooms, quesadillas, fried shrimp, stuffed crab shells, sesame buns, and even pizza for the 'Ewww, I don't like that other stuff' people.After you put your first three plates down on the table, return to this same spot, shuffle to the left, and you're at the Sushi station. Oodles of varieties of little rice balls with raw and cooked goodies stuffed in the middle, with all of the sauces to make your tongue screech with heat, or tingle with salt. Chew, rinse and repeat.  It's a buffet.  Finally, just before the hallway to the bathroom, all the way down at the end, is the dessert station. Cakes, fresh fruit and a chocolate fountain, ice creams, and dessert fungus and lychees,Their soda products are COKE (hooray!), but they also have brewed iced tea, the hot green teas and regular teas.  The staff of 'waitresses' are more like glorified bus persons (they have very few cute Asian guys on the floor - they're mostly in the back doing the stir-frying), but they do keep your glasses full and empty plates scooped away.I've eaten here many times, and I'm always impressed by the amount of Asian people eating here. You will also see more than a 'few' people who obviously eat here regularly - and they're a good reminder that this is something to do 'once in a while'.I have never been disappointed. The food is always fresh, and very flavorful, and there is a little something for everyone - all tastes can be sated.The funniest thing I ever experienced at Hokkaido happened before the strip mall was even completely built. On the outside of the building was a HUGE vinyl banner proclaiming (and indeed, I quote): "COMING SOON - JUMBO SEAFOOD BUFFEET"Fortunately, their lack of a proofreader was NOT an omen of things to come.  Hokkaido does everything else right.
3	Hokkaido is my go-to buffet in Pittsburgh. It's pretty decent for what it is - cheap, all you can eat, Chinese food. The staples are all there, sushi, snow crab (dinner only), shrimp, Mongolian BBQ, salads, crab rangoon, etc. The usual Chinese fare is pretty good, but I would steer clear of the american dishes (their pizza doesn't taste quite like pizza). The sushi I have found to be simple, but does the job. Don't expect any very fancy rolls. They have recently added a chocolate fountain to their desert bar, which thankfully means you can get a plate of fruits as well if you prefer.
3	Decent Chinese buffet and always makes my husband happy since he can get his sushi fix since I don't eat the stuff. I am a big fan of the snow crab legs (dinner only), Mongolian BBQ, crab rangoon, spare ribs (they have these only once and a while) and fried shrimp.  They have a few different chicken dish options that are alright also.There is also a pretty large sushi selection though I don't eat it my husband is a fan and says that the quality is pretty good. Their dessert selection is pretty good with at least five flavors of hard scoopable ice cream, cheesecake, puddings, jello, flan like custard, and recently a chocolate fountain with fresh fruit and rice crispy treats for dipping. Overall this is not a place to look for a gourmet meal, but if you are in the mood for some crabs legs and some decent sushi it will definitely hit the spot.
4	Been here many times to be expected with any buffet food isnt exceptional however it is good and the selection is huge.  Plus whil e it is always busy the service is good.  Seafood, sushi, chinese dishes and deserts and id consider it a cheap buffet considering what it offers.
4	This place is amazing! The price for everything you get is unbeatable, and the quality of the food is above average. Only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because you get charged an extra $8 if you waste food. Makes me worried to try new stuff that I might not possibly like! If I don't finish something I just try to hide it in the napkins.
4	Great place to go if you have a big appetite and want to try a lot of different good sea food, sushi, and asian food.  There's so much to try!  My three main highlights are 1. Crab legs, 2. Sushi, and 3. Chocolate fountain.  Dinner is $18 and Lunch is $10.  Visit during typical lunch and dinner hours (so you know the food has just been put out).  It's usually busy during these hours, though the restaurant is quite large so you can usually still be seated.  ASIAN DELICACIESLots of food you'd find at a typical asian buffet such as fried rice, chinese seafood.  The have some sepcial food such as frog legs, squid, scallops, mussels, and raw oyster.  The CRAB LEGS, probably the most expensive item there, were immensely popular and had a line of several people the entire night.  I think some people just go here for the crab legs.SUSHI:This is one of the highlights, as the sushi is quite good.  It's hand-rolled and there were two dedicated cooks there rolling sushi the entire time.  There's lots of variety including california rolls, philadelphia rolls, rainbow rolls, and different sashimi.  SALAD and FRUIT BAR:Most of what you'd expect at a typical salad and fruit bar.SOUP:Wide variety of soup to choose from including sweet and sour, wonton, clam chowder, etc...MONGOLIAN BBQ STATION:I have to say this is a nice touch.  You have several things to pick from such as vegetables, pineapple, noodles, SHARK, and sauces, and the some guy will throw it on a teppanyaki grill for you.  DESSERT area:They have a gigantic CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN, which you can dip marshmallows. rice crispy treats, peanut brittle, banana into.  This is definitely the highlight of the dessert area.  They also have ice cream, fruit, pudding, and some other pies here.
3	The food use to be really really really fuckn good hereBut not any more.. Suckx the food is all picked over eeewwww..I had to wait for FRESH!! Food to come out .. Uuuugghh.
4	I like this place. A lot of varieties.
2	Just not my cup a of tea, and Chinese/sushi/buffet is my favorite kind of tea.  The noise level at this restaurant is just off the chains. This restaurant lacks class and has a lunch room cafeteria feel.  I was tickled that frog legs were on the buffet, but everything else was just blah. I ate here once and don't plan on ever returning.
5	There right now. HUGE delicious crab legs. A bit pricey but worth it. Happy :))
5	Hokkaido is the best Asian buffet I've ever been to! The selection is absolutely huge, wrapping around half of the restaurant, with about a million options. Their sushi is delicious, and made fresh. There's always a good selection of different rolls and sashimi. They have a grill where you can pick your own meat/veggie selections and have it cooked up fresh for you. It's a great place to go for lunch, before or after shopping or seeing a movie at the Waterfront. Lunch is a few dollars cheaper than dinner, and it's a bit less busy. The waitresses are very friendly and attentive to your beverage needs.
4	Our first time there was yesterday, dinner time.  The variety is very different from your run of the mill Chinese buffet.  If your not open to different things, this really isn't for you.  I was disappointed they didn't have the coconut shrimp (as listed on their website), but the crablegs were great.  They were large, easy to crack open and not swimming in a foot of salty water like other buffets.  I'm not a sushi person, but from what I saw, they had a nice variety.  The only thing that keeps me from giving 5 stars is the service, which is just what I expected from reading the reviews before I went yesterday.  They just walk by and grab plates.  I had to ask several times before I finally got crab claw crackers, I gave up and went to them for extra napkins and we had to stop her just to get refills on our drinks.  We made a special way out of the way trip to go there, we will definitely go again, mostly for special occasions.
3	Being that I lived in SC for years I wasn't expecting much from Hokkaido. Some of the seafood dishes were the normal overly cooked american versions of Chinese that you can get anywhere, but they did have some interesting and tasty food. My BF liked some of the cooked beef. I liked the crab, and the sushi wasn't as bad as it could have been. The seaweed salad was better than expected. I LOVED the chocolate fountain! (who doesn't?)  I was overall pleased with the food, but I expected a different atmosphere (I don't know what I was thinking). There were screaming kids in seats and running around EVERYWHERE! Bleh. I know they charge an extra fee for wasting food... they should charge one for bad ass kids too...
3	Decent. Not something I would go out of my way for. They let some of the food sit out way to long!
4	Missing some of the best seafood in SC, we decided to try out Hokkaido's seafood buffet.  Best time to go to a buffet:  11:00-13:00!  This place got crowded about 12:30 on a Sunday.  Service is excellent. Our waitress was very attentive.  Crab claws on the buffet -- crackers were on the table when we returned so we didn't have to use our forks to break the shell.  The chopsticks are a bonus!  Use them to push out the crab meat!  This buffet has a variety of hot and cold seafood selections, a hibachi grill, a sushi bar, salad bar and dessert bar with a chocolate fountain!  If you aren't in to seafood, try some of the many land lover choices - both american styled and chinese styled choices.  Sushi bar could better their rolls by not putting in cream cheese in several choices and by seasoning their rice to 'sushi' rice.  Bonus:  Sushi bar has sashimi!  That's just nicely cut fish slices without the rice.    Noise level got higher as the place got crowded with the late lunchers.  Price was reasonable for an all you can eat buffet.  Clean Restrooms.We live near Monroeville and now we don't have to drive all the way to York Buffet near Ikea to have a wonderful buffet experience.
4	There's a point in your life, when you think "Man, I'm old."  It usually happens a few years after you say, "I am not going to stand in a line, outside in the cold, just to go drink somewhere trendy."  Or, as it was for me, the day I finally DVR'd 60 Minutes.I was even tempted to give Hokkaido 5 stars, because it was just a really nice dining experience with our friends and their kids.  There is easy parking.  It's loud and kid-friendly.  I'm not even sure if the table next to us noticed our wailing baby.  And the service was pretty attentive, even though it was buffet style.  The staff was excellent about taking our plates and asking for refills, and friendly to boot.  Oh yeah, and it's BYOB - there is a beer place up the road, but it only sells it by the case.The food itself isn't amazing.  There is a very good variety, likely to appease your Asian cravings.  There are some quite authentic Chinese dishes, too, you typically find at Dim Sum.  There are chicken legs, sticky rice with red bean, seaweed salad,steamed pork buns, and others.  You always have to assume the presence of other Asians in the restaurant has to confer some legitimacy to the food.  In reality, though, the food was mostly okay.Like I said in the beginning, though, as you get older, your priorities change.   Also, for two adults to eat for less than $40 total is pretty cost-effective.  They didn't charge our toddlers, unlike some other places (*ahem* Grand Concourse *ahem* for nearly $20 *ahem* to eat fries and cookies).  I can see this place being a go-to get together spot with other friends with kidsWould I have preferred to eaten at Eleven or Meat & Potatoes, or NOLA?  YES!  Is that realistic with a party of four adults, two 2-year olds, and two 3-4 month olds?  NO!  And so as parents, we have to place convenience, expedience, and a if-my-kid-throws-a-tantrum-will-anyone-care atmosphere, above the tastiness of food.Sometimes.
2	At Hokkaido Seafood Buffet I had the worst fried spring roll I've ever had and the worst pan-fried dumpling too. The rest of the food that I tried wasn't that much better... they all became unappetizing after a couple bites (or just one bite) with the exception of the stir-fried green beans, but even with those at one point I bit into something hard and unbean-like, like a grain of sand. By the time I got back home I was hungry.Aside from the food and having to look around for the white rice there isn't anything else I can complain about. (Service was good.) Oops no, they're apparently a chain with several locations in California and on their site they don't list their Pittsburgh location. http://www.hokkaidoseafood.com/locations.html
4	This buffet rivals any I've been to in Vegas...and for less than half the price. Although I'm not necessarily a fan of every single dish offered, the wide variety of options--from cold salads to soups to choose your own stir fry to traditional Japanese entrees to surf and turf to baked and fried appetizers to steamed dumplings to sushi to desserts and a chocolate fountain--is astounding. You can also pay an additional small fee to stuff a leftovers box to take home. I ate an uncomfortable amount of food and left as one happy, stuffed lady!
4	We have been there twice. One is in Feb when they had Monday special. One is on weekend for lunch. A lot of food but Sushi selection is not  that great. I like their big clams.
3	Came here because of sushi and crab legs. Crabs were fine, but sushi was nit that great. It's a clean and newer restaurant though if that means anything :/
4	I am not usually a fan of buffets. It often feels like I'm overpaying to eat a small sampling of food. Part of the problem is that I don't tend to have a huge appetite - BUT I've noticed that if the food is excellent I suddenly have the room to gorge myself on the deliciousness. I've decided that my appetite is a great measuring stick for buffet food quality - and my appetite says that Hokkaido is wonderful!Note: this is not a Chinese/Japanese specific buffet. It has a lot of the Chinese buffet staples, from the chicken based dishes to the mixed veggies to noodles to the awesome little dessert cakes and pudding - but it also has sushi. Really, really good sushi. All of the stuff here was fresh when I visited and a lot of the items varied between being BBQed, cooked or fried, depending on what was being made and offered that day. There's also few stations where you can customize your own meal, too, i.e. the Mongolian grill, Hibachi, ect.My point? There's definitely something here to please everyone. I can't even REMEMBER all of the awesome food I've enjoyed here, that's how varied the selection was and is. Plus the place overall just felt warm, inviting and well maintained. Just a fantastic place to splurge. I'd come back in a heartbeat!
4	This place is always packed on weekends. I feel like every time I come here, there is at least a 15 minute wait before they let me in. For only $17.99 a person and the endless rows of yummy in your tummy food, Hokkaido is definitely worth the wait. The atmosphere at Hokkaido is very upbeat and dynamic. There is always some type of party taking place in the buffet. Today there was an engagement party so the place was filled with balloons and confetti. Endless selection of food...all tasted amazing! I love the pepper shrimps and stir fry mushrooms. However, crab legs were kind of scrawny and there weren't that many variety of sushi/sashimi. Oysters though...definitely endless! I think between my boyfriend and me, we had like at least 10 plates of oysters, and they just kept refilling them until we finally surrendered. Service was okay. I was kind of annoyed that the waitress gave us the check so early, when we weren't even close to getting dessert yet. I know there are other people waiting, but there is no need to rush us like that. No worries, we took our good old time anyways. In conclusion, Hokkaido is good for everything, except for the crab legs. Sushi/sashimi were ok, but if you're only in it for the sushi/sashimi, then Tokyo Sushi Buffet is a better choice. However, if you're in it for all the variety of food, then I highly recommend Hokkaido!
2	Quantity over quality. When it comes to sushi and seafood, a buffet is definitely NOT the way to go!
2	If this restaurant weren't a buffet, it would not be in business. I went early on a Saturday evening with a friend. The restaurant was busy, a bit noisy, with aromas of grilled meat wafting through the air.The sushi selection was limited but of decent quality (don't ask me about the raw fish). There are about 8 different rolls to choose from. In addition, seafood and crab are popular (not so tasty). There are some items for those with adventurous palates--whole baby octopus, squid, raw shellfish. The desert buffet was disappointing with few and low quality items in its offering. There are lots of cheap carbs too--rice, noodles. 4 different types of soup are also part of the buffet. On Saturday evenings, the buffet is $19.25 including tax.This was a good experience that everyone in Pittsburgh should try once, although I am not sure I will be back anytime soon.
5	Well it's been about 4 weeks since our last visit and something has changed! Yep! The HOLIDAY DINNER BUFFET.  New items on the sushi bar and new dishes on the hot line:  lobster tail with scallion sauce and shrimp with asparagus.  On the cold bar:  Tofu salad topped with dried fish shavings, seaweed and sauce. Soups:  Fish ball soup  On the sushi bar:  3 types of Tobiko sushi, Octopus sushi and albacore sushi plus selections with less cream cheese. Always impressed with the quickness of the staff and how clean the restaurant is. Recommend, recommend, recommend!
1	We went back recently for lunch. It was terrible. The cold dish ( black ears) already went bad and they still served it. The fruit was not refresh either. Not sure what happened since we visited last time. It was the worst buffet experience that we had ever.
3	A good local buffet. I thought the sashimi was very fresh, especially the salmon. Chinese traditional dishes we're very good and everything is refilled extremely fast. Crab legs were very good as well and plentiful. Spring rolls were terrible and the dumplings could be better.  ***Make sure you read the sign on the table before going up to to the buffet." If you take to much food and leave enough waste your plate then there is an $8 additional charge"**Recommended though as far as Chinese buffets go.
4	It was a good experiance, I liked the variance of food, chicken, beef, sushi and almost crap dishes were delicious. I brought my brothers in this restaurant and they loved it which was surprised me. It has beautiful view inside and it is perfect to bring visitors with an appropriate price.
2	The food here use to be sooooooo yummy.. Now it's eeeewwww gross they use to have everything FRESH now that they make more money there gettn lazy with the food .. Don't eat here
5	It is a buffet.  For all intent and purposes, it is a satisfying buffet place.  Don't know why so many reviewers have so much spite.  Lets go back... it is a buffet!  They don't even hide this fact.  It even says it on its name.  Dreamers will be dreamers.
4	How can you go wrong with a buffet with an endless supply of a large variety of sushi and a chocolate fountain?! I do have to say, the "warning" sign on the tables was a bit much.  I know people do waste a lot of food at buffets, but it is not welcoming to be threatened with being charged for unfinished food.  It is a buffet and sometimes I take things to try that I absolutely don't like.  I'm not going to eat them just because of your threats!  I was in the area and convinced my husband that we should finally try this buffet.  It was a Friday night and while it was crowded, it wasn't overwhelmingly so as the tables are well spaced out.  I was in the mood for sushi so I started there.  There were about 10 types of rolls, four of five types of pieces and four types of sashimi.  They also had the sauces to add if you wanted to.   None of the rolls or pieces I ate were out of this world or extremely memorable, but they were tasty.  Most had at least one type of sauce on them, though, so if you aren't a fan of sauce on your rolls, you won't like this sushi.Aside from the sushi, they also have a selection of the typical Chinese buffet fair.  My husband tried a good number of those dishes and again said they were tasty but nothing overly memorable.  They did have a few dim sum options which was a nice touch.Overall, it was pricey (around $20 per person) but if you went somewhere else and got an appetizer, salad, entrees and dessert, you would be paying at least that if not more.
2	If you like cheap quality food come here. If you like ridiculous amounts of cheap quality food, definitely come here. Expect mediocre buffet quality.They have a large section of Americanized Chinese food (steamed fish, General Tso's chicken, squid, noodles, fried dumplings, etc) and a smaller one of American food (wings, fries, sausage, etc.). Avoid their "dim sum" section. Taste was a bit off. Surprisingly, their cold seafood/salad section was interesting (i.e. squid, clams, seaweed etc.). Not too sure about the freshness but definitely had a lot of variety. As far as buffets go, Hokkaido isn't one of the best, but at least it fills you up and you can taste about a hundred different things in one night. 2 stars for doing its job as a buffet.
4	Good selection and friendly staff. There were a lot of people there fora. Monday night. Everything was fresh and delicious. I love sushi and this was pretty darn good for a buffet
5	Really great food! Yeah it says seafood buffet, and there is a lot of seafood, but there's a lot of other stuff too. Sushi, pizza, steak, a lot of Chinese and Japanese noodle dishes. Sauteed mushrooms, chicken, pork. There's a great, and so fresh salad bar. Everything is hot and tastes so good. Piles of crab legs. There's also a habachi grill in the buffet line, with a cook who prepares to order. I even got to try frog legs for the first time! There's so much good food there!The seafood stuffed mushrooms were the absolute best! The service was great too. The wait staff kept our table clear of plates, and messes, and our glasses were refilled before they were empty. I'll definitely be back here, it was absolutely delicious, with excellent service.
5	fresh food as always !!!
5	The best Chinese in town
5	I have eaten here four times now and have always enjoyed the food. There is so much choice and it is always so fresh and very well laid out. It really is as good as it looks.  The sea food is my favorite, especially the crab legs. The restaurant is a large open design with segmented areas so that it still feels private and comfortable. This is a good value buffet and as i find it consistently good, i give it a 5 star rating .
5	Ok second time here better than the first, I have raised them to a 5 star! They have great sushi and their sashimi is really fresh and good. Pieces are a little small, but you can take as much as you want. I really don't eat much more than the sushi & and ahi sashimi but tonight I tried a very small piece of steak and it was tasty. I also tried a couple of fried shrimp and it was good, so good in fact that I did not suffer my typical "oh I really ate fried food guilt." Really people of the Burgh, you gotta try this place! If you do not find yourself coming back for more, you just have bad taste and are odd!See you in a couple weeks Hokkaido!
5	Funny enough, I've gone to other Hokkaido's in different states, and these people know a good business when they have one.  I actually liked this Hokkaido more than the one I visited in VA.  Why, you ask?  It's very simple.  As a lover of seafood etc, this Hokkaido had more to offer.  The things I loved, free crab legs (which wasn't included in the dinner buffet price in VA), oysters, MANGO SALAD!!!!!!! yes yes yes nom nom nom, dim sum, fried shrimp, small clams in black bean sauce, and sashimi (which I also appreciate so I don't have to throw away the useless filling rice).  I mean who wouldn't want to fill up on these amazing things.  The only complaint I have about this is that they didn't refill oysters as fast as my table was eating them, probably because we were devouring them ^_^  Also, I know that they have a sign/pamphlet on the table "Don't waste food, you will be charged," which I'm actually kind of curious if they really keep to this, as our table was scared shitless we ate every last bite :)  I would definitely recommend this place for a hungry party of seafood and Chinese food lovers,  GOO!! you won't regret it.
5	Hands down the best buffet in PITTSBURGH! I'm not going to compare them to other buffets out of Pittsburgh, bc frankly there are tons way better. However, for us "Pittsburghers" here, this is not bad at all. Really good food and my big family loves coming here after a long week of work! Sushi is okay, nothing to be crazy about and I don't blame them bc they're not a "sushi" restaurant but the salted crabs and crab legs here though.... boy oh boy! It's not super salty just the perfect amount.. I love them. I can eat like 2-4 full plates of crabs alone! Seriously.
3	This is pretty good as far as Asian buffets go. The selection of Asian food is quite good. Ranging from fried rice, noodles, hibachi and even braised chicken feet. But most people that come here aren't going for those items, the golden ticket here are differently the crab legs. The legs here are very good for being a buffet, there's plenty of meat in the legs and the meat looks fresh as you pull it out of its shell. If one is a fan of crab legs, one can easily consume a dozen of these. There's also oysters here, they do vary in size but generally fresh. The oysters aren't the best when it comes to flavor. They also have a good range of sushi, such as salmon and tuna sashimi, and common rolls likes california roll, crazy roll, veggie, etc. There's an OK selection of desserts, but they do have a chocolate fountain for dipping in fruits and marshmallows if you're into that...I've been here a few times and service is generally good. However on our last visit, the wait staff was a bit impatient. The waitress taking our drink orders literally rolled her eyes when we asked for water with lemon. It sure was a busy day, but don't bring it upon your customers!
1	I give one star because I can't choose no star. The service and waiters' attitude is extremely bad. The food is ok, but I won't be here never ever again.
1	The food is decent, especially the sushi, but the staff is TERRIBLE. My friends from work and I went to dinner here together. We had previously researched the menu and prices via the mobile website. The website advertised Monday - Thursday $16.99 dinner buffet. Not only did the manager/waitress say we were wrong about the advertised price, but the manager continued to say that the price did not come up as $16.99 on her phone, when my friend opted to show the manager the price on the website we were referring to. We ended up being charged $17.99 each. ALSO, when it came time for the checks, the waitress, Joyce, stood around while each of us signed our receipts, and went around and checked each of our receipts (all 7 of us) to see how much we tipped. If she noticed someone did not add a tip on their receipt (most of us were planning on using cash) she commented that that price of the buffet did not include the tip. Then, she collected our receipts and stood at the table next to us for about 5 or so minutes to wait and see who was putting cash down. She was huffing and putting the whole time. Terribly rude.
4	I went here for a friend's birthday and it was surprisingly pretty good. It's probably one of the only Asian buffets in Pittsburgh within a reasonable distance from Pitt's campus. There is a very wide selection of food. My favorite part was the sushi bar--they had lots of different kinds of sushi and selections of sashimi as well. Dessert was alright--they offered some fruit/fruit salads, ice cream, and cake. To my surprise, they also had white fungus bird's nest soup, a lightly sweetened soup with a slightly syrupy consistency that my mom often made for me at home. It was really refreshing to see something like that in Pittsburgh. There is a chocolate fountain as well, but the chocolate tastes more like Hershey's syrup than actual chocolate and has a grainy texture, so I wasn't a huge fan of it. Still cool, though.
3	19 dollars for a dinner buffet = 2 meal boxes from McDonalds. Sad to say, this is probably the best Asian buffet in the greater Pittsburgh area. There is a lot of quality seafood but what really got me down was the presentation which was like a lunch line in high school. The dessert section also put a damper on the whole buffet for me. I love, love a good dessert selection and on first glance it was impressive, a fondue fountain, strange fruits, flan.The fondue fountain was gross, I have no idea what kind of chocolate they put in it but this couldn't count as chocolate.  The flan was way too sweet, I couldn't even stomach it...The sushi selection was also really sad. Not enough variety and not enough quality.
2	The food quality of this buffet has dropped drastically. Used to be our favorite but after a few episodes of food poisoning (not just one incident but three separate occasion) we will not be back. Hokkaido, what happened?  You used to be so good!!! It feels like a bad breakup!!!
4	This restaurant is a textbook example of a solid Asian buffet. The sushi is fine, with some entry level staples and a few types you won't find pre-made on a Giant Eagle shelf. The deserts are okay, but nothing to write home about. Overall, this is as good a place as any for solid, no frills seafood. However, we're I to live farther away, I don't think I'd make a special trip.Try the Thai style calamari. It's good, if they don't over cook it.
2	$20 is a bit much for just C- food. It was sort of a hit and miss here. The crab legs were good and so was the sushi, by the oysters and clams were revolting. Let's not beat around the bush, I think it's a good 100% assumption that none of these are fresh from the sea and maybe have been sitting in the freezer for awhile. That being said, I found some of the food to have freezer burn...which is as fun to look at as it is to eat. They do have great crap legs, but that isn't enough for the heavy price. Great selection, however the outcome isn't too much to be desired.
4	This is one of the best Asian  buffets in the area! When it comes to food quality and taste, I doubt there is any Asian buffet in the area that can beat it. Only problem I have with this buffet might be the price. The dinner cost($19) is a bit costly but then you can't find another Asian buffet with that kind of quality and great taste of food.
4	When my husband and I decided to go to Hokkaido, we didn't have high expectations as most buffets tend to disappoint. We were pleasantly surprised and had a really great meal. We got there around 5 so it wasn't very busy yet. The interior was trendy and clean for the most part- a few booths looked a bit tattered, but we got a nice one right near the crab legs. We dug in immediately trying little bites of absolutely everything. I thoroughly enjoyed most of my choices- everything was very fresh and full of flavor. I tried a few items that just didn't taste good, but they were either too spicy or not something I would normally eat. However, I tried the octopus salad and the tako sushi and loved them both. $17 dollars is a decent price, but keep in mind you're still eating at an Asian buffet. It's not fancy and it's not mind blowing. We definitely be going again, but we'll go early for lunch.
2	Somewhere around a 2.5 overall experience. This is a pricey buffet costing about $20 per person, not including tip, but is still significantly better than many of the 0-1 star $7-$10 buffets I've tried throughout Pittsburgh. I went to Hokkaido on Saturday afternoon with five other friends. We were seated quickly and given water after our drink orders were taken. The food here is subpar at best and the tiny bit of service expected at a buffet (such as refilling drinks) is almost nonexistent. We had to flag down several different employees in order to have our drinks refilled throughout the course of dinner. The only thing that I truly enjoyed was the hibachi-style service bar at the back of the buffet where you could pick the ingredients that you wanted the attendant to prepare, it tasted yummy and the white sauce was very good. The buffet was set up like a high school cafeteria and nothing looked too appetizing. The sushi tasted like supermarket sushi and the frog legs were okay. Avoid the shark (because it's old) and stock up on edible seafood, like the crab legs, if you want to try and get your money's worth of food (which I was unable to do). The dessert bar was bland. The flan and "puddings" (one was just mashed Oreos covered in whipped cream and the other was dried out bananas covered in a very thin layer of vanilla pudding and wafers) were gross and mushy. Even the chocolate fountain that I was looking forward to wasn't very good. I ended up sticking to the plain marshmallows which were in the section labeled "For Chocolate Fountain Dipping Only." I did like their selection of sorbets and ice creams.Once 3 members in our group had stop eating a server promptly put down our check, hand wipes, and fortune cookies without bothering to ask if we were finished eating. We paid the bill, but continued eating for another 30 minutes until we noticed that the staff seemed to be impatiently watching us as if asking us to leave (and it wasn't because they were closing either). We quickly finished our small desserts, read our fortunes, and left. I understand wanting to maximize table turnover rates, but a business should never make its customers feel uneasy and rushed.The relatively high price, mediocre food, and below average service made me feel very MEH about this buffet. I am in no rush to go back and wouldn't recommend it to any friends. I guess I'll just have to accept the fact that Pittsburgh just doesn't have any good buffets...
5	All I can say Is $19 well spend, given I eat out a lot for work I do not give out 5 stars to often... but I am for this place...The food selection was amazing and I am very selective in what I eat, everything so fresh.. and to top it all of they have coffee and pistachio ice cream.  Certainly jealous of the local people here who can enjoy this place on a regular basis... who knows when work will bring me back here :(By far the best buffet I have eaten in a long, long time.
4	For the Pittsburgh area, I think this is the best sushi buffet in town. I love that there's a LOT of seating options. Great for big groups! During the week, dinner is around $19. There's a pretty large sushi roll selection as well as your typical buffet dinner options, ie chinese food options, Hibachi corner, and dessert station. The ice cream doesn't seem old like some buffets in town. The servers are really good at clearing your table so that you can make space for more plates!! Parking is never a problem for dinner since most businesses next door are closing. The hibachi area is fairly quick and they are good to ask if I want a soy sauce base or teriyaki base. It's a little loud at dinner time, since there's a lot going on, but I love that I can take my 17 mo. daughter here and she can scream without having people stare at us. :)
5	Good feed.Wide collection of sea food, sushi, oriental food, soups and dessert. Can be cheaper than a beef sandwich with coffee if you go on week day lunchtime.
4	We've been to Hokkaido a few times now, each time leaving full and happy with our meal. There's a decent variety of the traditional Chinese-restaurant fare, which isn't anything ridiculously impressive but probably above-average by buffet standards.They do have a grilling station where you can choose various meats and other ingredients, and have it cooked for you. I didn't partake, so can't comment on the quality of this offering. They offered a pretty decent variety of what I'd consider decent sushi by buffet standards that seems to rotate pretty frequently, and includes things from super tame (California rolls) to the fishier offerings (tuna, eel, etc). There's also a selection of things that could appeal to kids that got dragged along and don't enjoy Asian food, such as pizza, chicken wings, and other traditional fare.It'd be unfair to leave out their dessert section, which includes all kinds of fruit with a chocolate fountain, ice cream, various puddings, fruit salads... the offerings do seem to change between visits, which keeps things new.Lunch is a bit cheaper (it's what we've usually gone for), but dinner includes crab legs on the buffet for your extra money. Overall, this is a pretty solid buffet that I'd recommend and will certainly return to in the future, but wouldn't go too far out of my way for.
5	This buffet is amazing.  The menu is so expansive I ate myself into a coma.  That was on Friday.  On Sunday I awoke out of said coma with the urge to return on Sunday.  I did just that.Why you ask?  Well on Sunday I was craving Sushi and as I looked over the Nakama menu for my girlfriend and I, I realized the order would come out to around $45.  For that price I can pick and choose whatever I want, whenever I want at Hokkaido.  I controlled myself a little bit more on Sunday and stuck to the Sushi, which was delicious by the way. Seriously, it's amazing.
