3	Relatively good Autozone located conveniently to my home. They have ok service and are pretty well stocked in all the regular merchandise necessary. The parking is nice as well. There are plenty of spots. Easy access too.
3	Old lady that worked there was a complete smartass with me when I asked about my car's oil and lit up service engine soon light. I didn't know much about the light and she completely made me feel stupid with her smartass attitude. She did tell me which one I needed though and she was pretty much the only smartass in that Auto Zone so it's not too bad in here.
5	Benjamin D. Was very friendly and helpful from from beginning to end. He was very knowledgeable with brakes for my 1998 Honda Accord Coupe LX, & recommended what I should do to the best of his abilities, thanks for everything Ben!
3	I was looking for coolant for my truck.So I stepped inside autozone to get one.There are so many different one, I got help from the nice lady that was working on the same day.This branch have a good customer service and the price is not bad.
1	The guy named Juan is a piece of s***. He completely ignored me while I was standing in line. The customer that he did acknowledge had to tell him that I was ahead of her. When I got to the front counter he just looked at me no greeting or nothing. Before I could utter one word he walked away from the counter to help one of his co workers. The lady that was behind me in line told me she would never shop there again because the staff is incompetent. Finally as I was checking I asked to use credit instead of debit because I didn't want to risk having my card number stolen again just to purchase at autozone, this d*** told me my signature didn't match my license. Never in all my 25 years has a business ever looked at the signature on my license had they done that before I probably would pay attention when I scribble my name on something. After that I had it and I blew up on the guy and he still continued to act stupid in front of the other customers. I went right down the street to Pep boys and gave them my money. This guy must have forgotten all the competition that he has around him. One of these days he's going to run into the wrong customer and they won't be as easy as I was to get rid of...
