3	Long before the Pound Shops came on the scene, the place students (and povos like me) went to for their miscellaneous bits and bobs was Ali's Cave. It is basically an emporium of cheap tat (I mean that in the nicest possible way) on Lothian Road: the shop equivalent of that drawer full of crap in your house. There are cooking utensils, clothes, bathroom things, DIY stuff, stationary, cards, classy (*ahem*) ornaments.... the list goes on forever. I have actually done Christmas shopping in here before, and I think I got away with it!If this place doesn't have exactly what you're looking for, the friendly and helpful staff will probably find an alternative item that will suit instead.
3	After waking up with a mouse in my bed... take a moment to think about how horrific that is... I decided it was time to take action against the little critter who had been keeping me awake for the last few months. After discovering Rentokil would cost me over a hundred pound, I was pointed in the direction of Ali's Cave. Well I think 'Cave' is the right term. This shop sells everything. Candles, big granny panties, CD cases, utensils, you name it they got it. I was rather intrigued by the massive Y-Fronts, are these purely for comical purposes or do people wear them? Anyway, I found a nice big stand full of various mouse killing implements. I picked up one of everything (poison, snap traps, humane traps) and went on my merry way. 48 hours later, the mouse has not been caught or poisoned. I am suspecting that while Ali's Cave sells everything, everything it does sell is complete shite and I'm going to be living with this mouse for a little longer.
5	Considerably smaller than the rival Edinburgh Bargain store on Nicholson Street, Ali's Cave is significantly better, as despite it's mall size, it does actually sell almost everything. The sheer extent of what is on sale here never fails to blow my mind, and the current stocklist includes:paintbrusheslava lampsair riflesGarden statues of a gnome on a horseToolkitsrat poison eggcupsWallclocks with Elvis's picture on themMichael Bolton CDsCutlery setsFish sliceNovelty lighter that looks like a pair of titsIf you can't pick something you need or want from the above list of goodies, you're either too well organised or too fussy.
3	Like Starbucks and Delis, bargain stores are flooding Edinburgh. For the most part, Ali's Cave is exactly the same as any other bargain store.  Attempting to list the contents of such a shop is near impossible: there is literally everything and anything the average person could need.Significantly less musty than its nearby rival Bargain Spot. I'm sold
3	As the other reviewers have mentioned, Ali's Cave Emporium really does sell everything under the sun and if you're looking for any kind of knick knack then this place is a good shout. I popped in recently for a pen and a notepad, I thought this task would be relatively hassle free but what should have been a pop in and out visit turned into a lot longer than it should have and as I battled my way through all the stock I was impressed but the amount of items stocked here.I left around half an hour later with my pen and notepad feeling bemused as to how much stuff was able to fit in this shop, it's like a Mary Poppin's shopping bag.
3	Ali's Cave is probably the best bargain store I have been to in Edinburgh. As the other reviewers have pointed out, Ali's Cave is not as big as the Bargain Spot just down the road, or the mighty Edinburgh Bargain Store, I feel that it has better stock. They sell a vast range of household goods and DIY materials such as nails etc, as well as bedding, towels and kitchen utensils. They also sell stationary, cards, Cd's and a vast range of household ornaments (but why you would want to buy your ornaments in a bargain store is beyond me!). The prices in this store are incredibly competitive, with notebooks and paper priced at around one pound. Ali's Caves is a great place to go if you are wanting to grab a bargain which is of excellent quality, and is one of the best bargain store in Edinburgh.
3	Cleaner, brighter and better organised than many of the pound stores cropping up in this region of Edinburgh, Ali's Cave earns its respect by being a bit more polished than its competitors.It's crammed with stock, but not to the point where it spills over the floor and you can't move. It's huge, and really is a cavernous den full of everything under the sun, but if you spend a bit of time you may emerge with a gift or useful object that doesn't actually look that cheap.More impressive than some of the stores of this description in Edinburgh, it shows that taking care of your shop makes a difference to the customer when they form an overall impression of the place. Mine is that Ali's is a cave of bargain wonders, and in a better state than the dusty fog and muddle of other economy stores in Edinburgh.
4	For those items you don't get elsewhere this is a good place to come and it offers a good range encompassing electrical, DIY tools and stationary plus anything else they could think of that seemed reasonable to sell.It does this job of selling those items you can't get elsewhere fairly well and the prices are reasonable and don't take advantage of the fact that these are hard to find items.  Not only this, but the staff are friendly and will advice you where to buy an item if they don't have it.If you want it and it can't be found in the usual places or here it probably can't be found and when hunting for specific items this is always a good place to start.  Just try to avoid buying all the stuff you know you don't need.
