5	I like to call DR. Berelowitz DR.B that is what most of his patients who have been with him many years call him.  My husband and I both are patients ( about 10 years ) and we feel so blessed that he DR.B has come into our life. Usually your app. Is suppose to be about 15 minutes well most of the time it goes more into 30 or 40 minutes.  He never rushes you and listenes to your every complaint. His head nurse Dena is always their for you along with MaryAnn. Someone posted when Dena is on the phone with a patient you really can hear Dr. B calling for her and Dena you are Dr. B's right hand person.  I will tell you if you are looking for the best endocrinologists who pulls no punches this is your DR. and you will have to wait for about 6 months to get in.  You will be so glad that you made this app. And unless you are dying do not miss your app. because there are 10 people waiting behind you to take that app. Does one say I love my DR.?  My husband and I do.  Also a shout out to the entire staff. Bless all of you.  Les and Carol Craig.
5	I have gone to Dr. Berelowitz since I was 12 years old (I am now 28!). He did move away for a few years, but I was SO happy when he came back to town. He cares about his patients and is very thorough. I know the wait-list is long for him, but that jsut shows how amazing he is. I have had a few endocrinologists since I was diagnosed with Type 1 Diabetes 26 years ago, and he is by far the best endo and doctor I have ever had.
4	I agree completely with the other three reviewers.  Dr. Berelowitz is a wonderful doctor and his care has been great. I have been seeing him for over a decade, and like Lindsay O, I was thrilled when he came back to town.  My ONLY complaint is that it is hard to get an appointment.
1	I have not seen the actual doctor - because his staff is so incompetent that I cant even make an appointment. for 2 MONTHS I have had my doctor repeatedly (at least 10x) fax over my paperwork in order to make an appointment, and every single time the office claims they have never gotten it and its just too bad. there have been no additional efforts on their part to possible reach out to my dr office (who does suggest them often) or in any way make an attempt to find me an alternative way to get them my paper work. I am very disappointed in the unfriendly, unhelpful service of his safe - my health is suffering because of them. From the other reviews here - I really wish I got to see the doctor, he sounds great. but now I have to find someone else
5	One of the top endocrinologist I have ever met. A Dr. who really cares about each and everyone of his patients!!! He loves what he does and it shows in his devotion to each and every patient. Dr. B as his patients call him is an awesome compassionate Doctor. Without a doubt the best Endocrinologist Dr. in Las Vegas!!! Keep up the awesome work Dr. B!!!
