4	I'm surprised there aren't more reviews for this place. I've yet to be disappointed here. My bf and I have been here about 3 or 4 times. Its pretty close to the house and they are pretty cheap. we've gone and had several drinks i think i had like 4 or 5 rum & diet cokes and he's had like 6 miller lite drafts and we had a $21 tab. I havent had tabs that cheap since I lived in TX!  I guess living in San Diego with their $13.00 beer nights anything is better than SD prices.  anyhow they have a full menu but we've only recently tried their food. I heard Fred is the better chef there but eventhough he wasnt on call - we tried it anyway. I had the tuna sandwich. OMG so freakin good. tuna with BLT together. the bread was toasted on the grill. with a cheese crust on the outside.. damn it was good. my bf had the au jus = good but I won that night.. definitely would order that again. to top it off it was on a thurs. so sandwiches were half priced! $3.99. Cant' beat that! ths is one of my new fav. hangouts. OH and b4 i forget!!!! they have pool tables - 2 or 3..they take quarters. theres also volume on the TV's. My bf knows theres nothing worse than a bar that only plays music but shoes the TV playing the game. why freakin bother??? what's the point? that's like a guy going to a strip club. I'm going to show you what you could be having but you can't and yet i'm going to charge you for it? wtf. how stupid can you be? - and this place isnt like that.. all the volume u can handle!
2	I'd to submit and update for this place since I have been here several times in the past few months. There is a waitress there that was very nice but we found out last night she's no longer there, I think her name was Kara. Sad b/c she was a very good waitress. There was a new girl there that was nice but she overcharged us for our bill. I didnt pay the bill but when I saw the ticket afterward I was naturally unhappy. Now the girl has only been there 2 days but regardless, When you overcharge, you lose business. We ordered chips and salsa - was more like chips and chopped onions. Gross. The tuna supreme which is normallya wesome, wasnt great, the normal chef wasnt on staff. Should have known. If he's not a white haired man w/ the chef coat, don't order food! My bf ordered the nachos and he said they were good, but how can you mess up nachos? lol. Normally when we came here it was my idea since my bf's fav hangout is Sierra Gold... such a shame b/c I will not sugguest this place b/c the taste of being overchargged is just to bitter to swallow. Hint our ticket was 3x what it normally is. Sorry they have lost me.
3	Tuesdays half of food. they have good wings.they also have pool tables and Fridays they have djs
4	I have never eaten here. I generally get takeout from Alexander's Pizza,  across the parking lot,  after a night at AJ's (see review for Alexander's here - http://www.yelp.com/biz/alexanders-pizza-las-vegas#hrid:SN59kUUOlQcLkvxV43hvMQ) . AJ's is good for video poker. We go very occasionally, usually on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday evening.  The staff is pretty stable, seems they are there for some time so they know their clients pretty well.  In over three years we've only had like 3 different bartenders that we've seen.  That's really nice.  They do a lot of events and giveaway parties. We were there one time during the women's soccer game against China. One door prize was a big TV and a someone new to the bar won. So it was cool, you don't necessarily have to be a regular like at some of the bars around here.  There were plenty more prizes, even we won a nice wine basket.  Everyone is welcoming. And they have darts (so few options in Vegas do), Golden Tee, pool and PING PONG was set up last time we were there.  It was awesome. We've been there during karaoke and a DJ and it was fine as well. Reminds me of a hometown bar, very chill and enjoyable.
3	My good friend owns a house in the adjoining neighborhood so I've been here quite a few times. The first thing you should be aware of is that it is a DIVE bar. There really is nothing fancy or aesthetically pleasing about this place-- its mostly for people who want cheap liquor and want to play video  poker at the bar. There is an array of regular barflies here who tend to be pretty serious drinkers and smokers. If you're a non smoker, you WILL be annoyed by the constant smell of cigarette smoke-- it permeates throughout the bar. Some of the crowd apparently has pretty terrible taste in music as is evidenced by their choices on the karaoke machine. The crowd tends to be middle aged folks-- its not particularly trendy for college aged kids. It's an easy walk from the Sam Boyd stadium but I don't recall ever seeing any UNLV students in there.However, there are some pros to this place. The drinks are pretty well priced, as you'd expect from a place like this. The bartenders are usually pretty friendly, and they don't have that snobbish attitude I have come to expect from the ones working on the strip. They have a pool table, foosball, ping pong, The food isn't half bad either. I think their wings are pretty standard, as are their nachos, but some of their sandwiches are pretty good, including their reuben (i think they make one??) and philly cheesesteaks, which offer generous portions of meat. Their burgers are good and I happen to be a big fan of their chilli cheese fries. They serve breakfast foods too like pancakes and eggs and the like, not bad. I recommend you try it on a Tuesday, when the half priced food will definitely make it worth the trip.
4	Seems like a nice local hangout. Decent number of TVs, video poker machines, and lots of games including pool, ping pong, foosball, darts, and this basketball arcade-type machine that two dudes were tag-teaming on. Nothing fancy in the decor. Everybody looked like they were having a good time.I didn't try any of the food. My friend got us some beer, which is apparently $6.25 and comes in a giant mug. I opted for the Newcastle brown ale, which left a bit of an aftertaste that basically walled me when I was going through the task of finishing that gigantic drunk. Since I was starting to blow my nose, I felt like there should be some visible garbage disposals or something. I couldn't find them.I saw some UNLV pennants. I bet this place gets really crowded after a football game, win or lose.
1	Been living in the area for about a year and have been lookiing for some fun bars in the neighborhood. Went into this place after work one night about 3am.  Sat down at the bar and waited five minutes while the bartender talked with his friends down at the other end.  I figured he didn't see me come in since he did have his back to the door. Moved down to the other end of the bar WITH MY MONEY IN MY HAND so he could see me and still he ignored me.  After sitting in the place for over ten minutes with no service while the bartender talked with his pals I walked out.  I will not be back.
2	We walked in, one girl working, it was about 8pm. A coule guys at the bar, all alone, separated. The girl looked at us, walked away to the back room! No hello, no how are ya, no can I get ya something, no I'll be right back. We waited a full five minutes and could have ripped off the store. She never came back out. We left. Stay away.
4	I had breakfast before the Las Vegas Bowl and it wasn't crowded, breakfast we real good.  I ejoyed bacon and eggs, hashbrowns and four cups of coffee.   The service at times could get spotting, however today the service was good.  I would recomend Apache Joes to every one who likes a quick bit to eat before all Rebel Home Games....
4	We used to come here often for the drinks and karaoke nights. Just a small party of us, one of our friends was a regular here at the bar and she had invited me over. Had so much fun and singing! Loved the red apple martinis since I wasn't huge on alcohol. Last I heard from a friend that karaoke nights stopped. I don't know why. Bar offers billiard games and provide accommodations for setting up ping pong games as well; along with few fun arcade games which I made this a 4-star.
