1	What the hell is Coast Casino doing these days? If it ain't bad enough that most the people who work at Gold Coast doesn't speak a word of English, you guys also put them on the job without any training? Gimme a break!Maybe you should teach these guys how to make coffee! You ever heard the expression: "He is so stupid that he could mess up a cup of coffee"? Well, my coffee here was oddly colored. It looked like water from Floyd Lamb Park after the ducks and geese sat in it all day. At least tell your workers that you need at least 1 tablespoon of ground coffee for every 3/4 a cup of water! There was no more half n half left. I asked for more and the lady who couldn't speak English declined to retrieve more. She instead screws open the lid and starts scratching the bottom of the metal container with a long spoon until she could gather up enough curdled diary product. Before I could even stop her, she dumps it into my coffee. She literally put some kind of cottage cheese looking sh!t into my already f*cked up cup of coffee. At first I felt bad for the lady because she was obviously from a 3rd world country and it was normal to not waste even a drop of food even if it had gone bad. Her behavior was identical to what I see in documentaries about starving people in Africa or South Asia. Apparently, from what a dealer told me, Coast Casino actually had a program where they recruit poor people from countries like Ethiopia and Sri Lanka. So, that's why half the casinos are staffed with people from there who are still adjusting to American lifestyle. I didn't complain to her. But, I didn't drink the cup of coffee either. The coffee went flying off the 3rd story of the parking building.
4	coffee was good. it came hot and fast. (that's what she said). pleasant girls that helped us out. oh, and it didn't cost half my mortgage like Starbucks does.
2	$2.20 for a pretty flavorless Americano. I'll be drinking the crappy coffee in my room for the rest of the summer thanks.
4	I saw nothing bad about it! Limited starbucks drinks (very well quality), selections on pastries, donuts were pretty good (not low quality) ice cream is good too, prices are a reasonable.
