1	STAY AWAY!!! This is a bait and switch shop. I was quoted a price over the telephone (I was comparing prices on rear brakes which had already been inspected) and was told the entire process would take about 45 minutes. I hurried in. About 40 minutes after I arrived, Scott "The Manager from Corporate", told me the price would be double what he had quoted me over the phone. When I told him to take my car down and give me the keys, he told me he'd honor the original price. Smart choice! He then told me it would be about 45 minutes, to which I didn't respond. It actually took over 4 hours for them to complete the work. Scott never checked in with me or gave me any updates. When I asked him how much longer, he told me about another 30 minutes...which meant another hour. I have never seen so many upset customers all pour into a business at one time. One lady came in and threatened a law suit and to contact the Better Business Bureau for some shoddy work they did two weeks ago. Another customer came back and complained that they hadn't put an oil cap back on his car and his car was now acting up. And another client, a doctor, who came in for a $9.99 oil change was on his cell phone complaining to a friend that he'd been "roped into all kinds of extra services". He was here for about two and a half hours...for a $9.99 oil change. Do yourself a favor and STAY AWAY! Do not patronize this unethical establishment. They are the Kings of OVER-promise and UNDER-deliver.
1	This is my 3rd time in for the $9.99 oil change except this time I needed to get my radiator hoses changed too. The 1st two times I had no problems and service was good and quick.On 12/3/10 I took my car in, got an estimate of $390 something dollars for an oil change and new radiator hoses. Are you fucking kidding me?! My brother is a mechanic so I called him and made Scott, the manager talk to me. Scott knocked the price down to $125+ tax ($140 total).  The job took an hr. I went home and parked the car until Saturday night and drive it 25 miles to west Phoenix....MY CAR OVER HEATED AND BROKE DOWN ON THE SIDE OF THE ROAD!!! my car is not new but it sure as hell had no problems before this. I spent 4 hours stranded....good thing a good Samaritan helped me get the car back home. The guy that helped me along with a police officer told me the radiator hoses were either wrong or not put on tight. It didnt look secure. I had planned to move back home to Seattle on Sunday morning but now that my car wasn't drive-able and they aren't open Sundays (I was told), I had to delay my move until Monday 12/6/10.First he told me the wait would be 1.5 hours...which turned into 3 hours...then he said my it wasn't his fault that the water hoses busted. It was my fault because my radiator leaked--i have NEVER had ANY issues with my car before this point...EVER. Anyways, he charged me another $200 (his original estimate was $325!!!) for a new radiator. We waited another hour and he said the radiator wasn't the problem, it was the thermostat...then he said it was my head gasket ...and now it would cost me $1000+ to fix.What kind of bullshit business is this? I come in for an oil change and new water hoses...and ended up with a car that doesn't even drive anymore unless i put in another $1000 on it.  DO NOT TAKE YOUR CAR HERE. While we waited, there were 4 other customers who brought their car back to complain about persistent problems after getting their car fixed there.I am filing a claim with the Better Business Bureau.
1	Location of DOUCHEBAGS!!!!! Do not go here. The Service Manager Scott is an untrained un professional corporate employee who acts like an old use car salesmen. They work on your car, you pay them and they never promise a time or tell you the status. This facility has so many complaints on yahoo that I am surprised they are in business. I wish I would have looked them up before I went there for Shocks which I spent over $900 on and then a week later because of the negligence I had to ivest more of my own time to go to another facility to fix the problems that they caused. Again go somewhere else or they will screw up your car and won't care about you only your money and doing a shoddy job to get more work from you, FAIL, FAIL!!!!!
1	Im not surprised by the awful reviews..screw this place!  I did  a oil change and free brake inspection. 4 hours later I called on the status the guy said we're waiting on you tell us what to do with your breaks we called you twice..they never called i had no missed calls or vms. He told me i need to flush my fluids at 99k I said i just did it like 10k ago he insisted i do it again..lol told me my back brakes need to be done for $200 based on the service so far I said no.. he responds ok $129 i said no he responds "sir your brakes are shot they'll be out in 3 days" I took my car to a professional and my brakes are fine and its been a month since this happened.
1	WARNING! WARNING! DO NOT GO HERE!!!!!!!!This placed ripped me off as well as other Yelp members. They have NO CLUE what they are doing! They will take advantage of you. Long story short, I had a check engine light on. After taking the car there for 3 weeks on and off, my car kept turning the check engine light back on. I finally gave up and took the car to the dealer. Turns out that they DIDN'T FIX ANYTHING!. They just reset the light and charged me $1,000.Total rip off. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	I think they got new management in the past month or so, I took my car in on my way home from work, they did everything I asked them to do and actually ended up charging me less than I was anticipating. The staff were also extremely personable.   I'd give it another try if they sucked as bad before as these other reviews say.
1	If there was any lower rating this business would get it. They are apparerntly under new managment but their manager is highly unprofessional and had the nerve to give me attitude! Idiot! They screwed up my oil change and have the nerve to not take responsibility. There is such a thing as sowing and reaping and there is no way that this business will EVER succeed when they do people wrong. STAY AWAY from these rip off artists who do not have the slightest idea of how to run a successful business!
4	Aside from the overpowering odor of weed, pretty good experience.  I came in here all tensed up and defensive, waiting for a bullshit upsell.  To my surprise, it never came.  Maybe It's because they clubbed the lady in front of me like a baby seal.  In the end they offered a few upgraded packages but I didn't feel pressured at all.  $10 oil change was legit.
1	They suckered me in with the $10 oil change.  However, for this price they do not use a grade of oil recommended for any engine.  I knew I needed new brakes so they talked me into a $200 brake job.  They should have cuffed my rotors but didn't.  Instead they just slapped some new "lifetime" pads on there and called it good.  Now, one year, later they want to charge me another $100 in labor to replace the "lifetime" pads that have gone bad .They try to say they are under new management to get your business, but they are not.  Same old scam.
5	Thank you Meineke staff for taking the time to find the valve that was leaking gas and replacing it for free. You guys are awesome.
1	They claimed they topped off all my fluids, but come to find out they didn't. Also claimed one of my reverse lights were out. Had those checked 3 days later and they were both working. Was overcharged for oil change and tire rotation. They did not rotate my tires. There are plenty of other decent priced places to go to so if you are trying to save a few bucks I would recommend going somewhere else. Terrible experience and I would not ever send anyone here!
5	This is my go to place for car care! These guys are always super helpful and honest (which can be very hard to find) They have great affordable rates and the customer service is great! This location is perfect because you can drop y our car off and walk next door to grab a quick bite while they work their magic!No complaints here! Keep up the great work!
