3	Pretty good fast food chain. They have a salsa bar with a half dozen things to add to your food; I had a Classic Chicken Burrito with a side of Tortilla Soup and it was all quite yummy.
2	El Pollo Loco is great but this location is pretty hit or miss. I'd rate it 2.5 stars if I could but since I can not, 2 stars it is. On my last visit I ordered 2 of the 2 piece combo plates, with flour tortillas. Sweet potato fries and a salad were the sides I selected for myself, mac and cheese and rice for the husband. My husband loves these combo plates and has a whole routine down for eating it... He shreds the chicken and makes himself tacos with the tortillas and the rice which he always gets as one of his two sides. They forgot our orders of flour tortillas. No do-it-yourself tacos for my husband. Also the rice was undercooked and the mac and cheese was on the watery side. The chicken was still on point though... The Lake Mead location is more consistent so I will be going there from now on, even when I am closer to this location.
5	For fast food it's pretty yummy! I love the house salsa and the staff is always quick and pleasant :)
1	Truly unmemorable food. For a place that claims to serve a Spicy Chipotle Burrito, I'd like to know where the spices were. The salsas that were tossed in my to-go bag...I wished I had taken a picture of them. Water, tomato "pieces", some lame spices, all stretching the limits in a bad way of what can be considered to be salsa. And as part of the meal deal I ordered a fountain drink. How can you mess up Sprite? They found a way. It was so disgusting I didn't even get out of the parking lot before it was spit back out. 1 star. And even that's a stretch.Edit: This location was visited at approximately 6 pm on 3/23/12 and with people in Denver and LA talking about El Pollo Loco I was hoping it would be good. My expectations were not high, but they still disappointed me. My apologies for being negative but I call it as I see it.
1	Have been a customer for over 25 years. Today made me an ex-customer and I am really sad about it. I went in a little after 2 pm, the place had about 5 other customers and the lobby was a mess. Tables were dirty with crumbs, trash and food on the floor, under tables. It was bad. I ordered a combo #2, breast and wing with corn cake, corn cobbette, flour torts and salsa. The cashier was friendly and efficient. My 10 minute wait for my food had me wiping the table with napkins (I had to ask for them as the napkin holders were empty) I shoved the food and napkins that were scattered under the table, under the opposite bench where I sat. I got my tray of food and asked for butter and salt for my corn, noticing as I waited, that I got a leg instead of a wing. Why? Anyway, I sat at my table and started with the corn cake, it was pretty good, however, several bites in, I noticed discoloration, it was darker and it tasted "old". So, I put that aside and got to my corn cobbette. Looking at it, I should have listened to my instincts and left it alone. All the kernels were flat and punctured. It was a sad looking cobbette, probably from the bottom of the freezer bag. I buttered and salted it because it was corn and usually corn tastes like...corn. Well, not this one. It tasted like dirty dishwater. Maybe, sometime in my past, I had the unfortunate event of tasting dirty dishwater, I really don't know how I knew this tasted like that, but that is the first thing that popped into my head when I took that bite. Corn out. Onto the chicken. It was fine. Usually is. But when I put the chicken pieces into the tort, added salsa and took a bite there was NO FLAVOR! I usually have to use up to 5 napkins to wipe my nose as I eat the chicken and salsa combo! Today, nothing! UGH!! What happened to El Pollo Loco? I left unhappy, unsatisfied and really bugged that I wasted money here. Should have gone to Tommy's, but it's kinda far.
1	When using the drive thru I don't want to have to get out of my vehicle after because you forgot to place something from my order in the bag. What makes it worse is when I walk in there are 3 employees standing there (including the general manager) and it takes almost a solid minute for someone to acknowledge me because you want to print a report from the register. Maybe your customer service needs some looking into.
