5	Jena did an amazing job making me, my bridesmaids, and mom look beautiful for my wedding. Me & the ladies are all different shades of skin color and hair color and everyone looked fantastic, so Jena really knows what she is doing. She will travel to you for the big day, and works with a lady who does great wedding hair, which makes getting ready so much easier and more fun. My trial was great - she listened to what I wanted and tried out a few different things for me to pick what I liked best. My actual wedding day makeup was so pretty! It was easily the prettiest I've ever looked - Jena really knows how to bring out a person's best features. It also happened to be (unexpectantly) 95+ degrees that day for an outdoor wedding, and my makeup held up through the heat and lots of dancing. With all the things a girl can get anxious about related to a wedding, it's great to be able to be confident that you will look your best. Choose Jena & you won't be disappointed!
5	Jena did my sisters makeup as well as me and the rest of her bridesmaids makeup for her wedding. We all looked and felt so beautiful. She is so fun and gets very excited about your wedding day. She listens to what you want for your makeup as well as gives advice as to what may help you achieve the look you are going for. I continuously go to her for spray tans for events (it stays on for about a week) and it is so natural. I also continue to get facials and peels from Jena. She is very good at explaining everything she is doing and gets to know your personal skin problems. Her pricing for everything is great as well! She comes to you for weddings, starts early enough to make sure everyone is done, is very personable, and wants to make sure she makes you look perfect :) Jena will also be doing another wedding I am in and I am now engaged and will be using her for my wedding!!!
5	I felt very comfortable with Jena from the get go. She did such an incredible job on my trial run, I knew that she was the one for my big day! I did the Bridal Boot camp (which is a series of facials) to get my skin ready for my wedding. I am so glad I chose to do it, my skin looked great. Jena has a way of making you feel like you have been friends forever even though you just met. She is so sweet and takes the time to find out what is important to you on your day. She did the make up for maid of honor and my bridesmaid and I have never seen them look more amazing than they did on that day and I received so many compliments on my makeup. She will make you look flawless. If you are looking for a makeup artist for your wedding day, go see Jena!
5	Jena has done my makeup on several special occasions, and it always looks natural and makes me feel beautiful. Recently she did my makeup for my professional head shot which I use for all my marketing materials and social media. Jena did a great job and I would highly recommend her!
5	I love working with Jena! We've worked a couple weddings together and she really does make her clients look amazing. She's talented, easy to work, professional and would highly recommend Aesthetics by Jena!
5	Jena is great.  Thoughtful and professional and can make you look like a million bucks for any occasion.
5	As a photographer, I need and want an aesthetician who understands the uniqueness of each individual. Every client I have been able to send to Jena has come back with great reviews of her and has looked amazing! She definitely makes my job easier but more importantly she makes my clients feel and look great!
5	I've attended several weddings where Jena's services were utilized. She does an amazing job and has sent some of the most beautiful brides down the isle that I have ever seen. On top of that, she has always been a pleasure to have at the events. 5-stars, highly recommended.
5	Jena did the makeup for myself and my bridesmaids at my wedding on February 22, 2014.  We all chose to do airbrush and everyone looked fantastic!  During the makeup trial she really paid attention to the parts I liked, and the parts I was unsure about.  The day of the wedding the makeup for the entire bridal party looked perfect.  Photos look good too - makeup looks very natural but flawless at the same time.  Highly recommend.
5	Jena did my makeup & my entire bridal party for my wedding and she was absolutely fabulous! She pays attention to detail and can give you any look that you desire. She recommended airbrush and I am so happy that she did! My makeup looked flawless all through the night and photographed perfectly.
5	Jenna did my makeup for myself as well as some of my bridal party and my mom and everyone looked beautiful! As someone who doesn't wear a lot of makeup on a daily basis I was very worried about looking "too made up" or just not like my self. Jenna made sure that I looked like me but just turned up a bit, everything photographed wonderfully and I could not have been happier. I have never felt so beautiful and my husbands reaction was great, he loved it!  (he was worried about not recognizing me with "clown makeup on" as he calls any kind of makeup LOL boys:)I would HIGHLY recommend Jenna for any makeup needs, she was great to work with and  so sweet!
5	Jena did my makeup & my entire bridal party for my wedding, and everybody looked flawless! I'm very fair and don't wear a lot of makeup, so I was very nervous about finding the right fit for my wedding day (I didn't want to look like a completely different person). She did a perfect job and made me look beautiful yet natural. She did both airbrush and traditional makeup on my bridesmaids, and they both looked stunning.Jena would respond to my emails within an hour and was so easy to get a hold of. She would answer all of my questions and was super personable. Jena was on time and gave me great recommendations for my big day. I received so many compliments on my and my bridesmaids makeup. The photographer was impressed and I can't wait to see the photos so I can share with everybody. I highly recommend Jena, she is amazing! If I ever need my makeup professionally done again, I will definitely use her :)
5	After my original make up artist had a mix up of dates and had to cancel, I was sort of going crazy as my bridal party and I needed our make up done for my wedding. Jena was able to accommodate our group of 10 last minute even though she was already working that day. She arranged her day in order to come to our hotel and brought an assistant with her to help get all the girls done and even had a few minutes to do touch ups before leaving. Jena was professional, friendly, and has a true talent! It was important to me that my bridesmaids felt beautiful as well and they all loved their make up. I have received numerous compliments on how great the bridal party looked in photos, and that is in large part to Jena's ability to apply make up that not only blends well, but is able to withstand photography for an entire day! I give my highest recommendation to her :)
5	I have used Jena many times for make up and have never been disappointed. Whether it be for a wedding I am in, or a night out on the town, she always makes me feel and look beautiful! I have had to get my make up done elsewhere (out of state) and it really did not even compare. My best friend booked her wedding and the entire wedding party with Jena before she found a venue. Just so she was sure we all could look flawless on her big day! I would recommend her to anyone who wants to listen because she really is the best at what she does.
