4	You know how every city has a hidden gem of a restaurant? I happened to hear about Bishoku only about two years ago, and have since eaten there several times!One of the smallest restaurants I have ever been to, Bishoku is a hidden treasure in Downtown Montreal, specializing in Japanese cuisine and sushi.The food here is so fresh, and so delicious, that by the time I'm done eating, I want to know when I'm coming back.Everything on the menu is fantastic, but as appetizers, you must order the lobster roll and the tuna tempura platter! (lobster roll is on the sushi menu; tuna tempura is listed on the regular menu)For dessert, try the fried ice cream -- after a big meal, it's big enough to share!Good for couples or groups of four. If you want to seat six to eight, make reservations, because tables that accommodate larger groups are sparse.
4	Ah Bishoku, the jewel of Montreal when it comes to Sushi. It is tough place to find but I swear to you once you have eaten there once, you are hooked. The fish is fresh and cut oh so perfectly. The rolls are expertly done and reminds of the the sushi I had in Japan. If you love sushi do yourself a favor, eat at Bishoku.
5	I was weary about trying sushi in Montreal, but my friend was in the mood.  We found great reviews for this place on Bishop, but apparently the name/restaurant changed and it's now Bishoku.  We decided to give it a go and we were not disappointed!  The sushi was fabulous!  The Rainbow Roll has a Spicy Tuna Roll base, instead of the usual California Roll base, which made it amazing!  The Shrimp Tempura was great, as was the  Nami dinner.  The Unagi Roll was so-so, but honestly I'm not a big Unagi fan, so I'm not the best person to judge so I won't deduct for that.  Service was great, and aside from a very loud group next to us, the ambiance was perfect.  If I'm in the mood for sushi next time I'm in town I'd definitely come back here!
4	I have been to Tokyo, Japan and ate at so many sushi places. This is a really good place. Try sushi pizza, lobster roll and black cod.  I just wish they had otoro (fatty tuna sashimi like in Japan or NYC) . Recently the staff has changed, its still good but for me its different because i used to know them more.
5	Wow! The sushi and sashimi is amazing. I never had sushi this amazing. I have been going to this restaurant since it first opened, and I keep on going frequently, even if I am alone, or want some take out. When I hear the word sushi Bishoku is the first place I want to visit. The restaurant is nice and cozy, not so big. It's quiet, and you can actually have a conversation with who ever you are going with. If you are alone sit at the Sushi Bar, and talk with the chef, he knows a few English words, this is how you know he's actually from Japan.The fish is always fresh, and its high grade quality. Enjoy a free appetizer when you order. You will never be disappointed at Bishoku.
3	The food is still good, but for me the change of ownership and staff has made it lose its magic touch.
5	Hands down the best sushi in Montreal.  So fresh and delicious.  The sushi pizza is one of their specialties and they do it like no other (no greasy deep fried rice patties here).  Dinner can get a bit pricy, but the lunch specials are a really great deal.
3	Went there for a business lunch with relatively high expectations given the stellar reviews by other yelpers. The menu has usual Americanized variations of sushi, maki, sashimi and appetizers. The fish was fresh, but some rolls were overloaded with mayo. Wasabi was couple of notches toned down, not what I expect from a sushi joint trying to play in major leagues. Average saki selection, nori ( seaweed) used to wrap rolls was real and crunchy. Overall decent place for lunch specials, for a la cart sushi feast, there are better alternatives in Montreal.
3	Sadly Bishoku has now been re-named "Chop Brasserie Asiatique" by their new owners.  No it's not an Asian brewery, so I have no idea why they chose this name, but in the end, since the change over, the quality has gone down hill.The last time we went, the waitress was very rude to us and food wasn't great.  The rolls are still fine, but the nigiri and sashimi was definitely not as good.  The sushi pizza is still good and unique, but I don't think I'll be going back.  RIP Bishoku!
1	Sadly the place closed. I wish the new owners werent allowed to keep the name. Its was the never same with the new owners.
