4	I tried this yoga studio in Squirrel Hill for its location.  It is conveniently located on the bus line (on Murray!).  At this location, they usually have 2-3 classes offered each day, 7 days a week.  Unfortunately, most of the classes are unsuitable for those of us who work long hours.  But that being said, I made it in for several classes.  The instructors are hit or miss - but that is depending on the style of instruction and yoga that you prefer.  Even the miss aren't bad, just a style that was different for me personally.  I would definitely check out several of the classes and instructors on different days to see what appeals to you and then stick with them.  It's $15 for a walk-in class and the price is lowered to $10 or less per class if you buy 4+ class packages.
4	Schoolhouse Yoga isn't just in Squirrel Hill; they have several locations throughout town, and the different instructors generally teach classes at two or more of the locations.I used the Smallman Street studio more frequently than the Squirrel Hill studio, but I have attended workshops at the Squirrel Hill one as well.  Both studios are pretty nice and relaxing in their atmosphere.  There is such a wide variety of instruction style and yoga style offered here that nobody would enjoy all the classes; however, something here will be right for everyone.  They offer beginning, intermediate, and advanced yoga classes, as well as flow yoga, restorative yoga, prenatal yoga, and Mommy and Me yoga.  They also have frequent workshops, many of which are useful and fun.I suggest looking at the main Schoolhouse Yoga website and finding all the class schedules for all the locations, in order to figure out which location will have a class that fits your level of practice and favorite style, at a time that you can manage.  When you've found a class and location that you like, you should buy class packages -- you can only use your class card at one of the locations, so it's not a good idea to buy one before you know where you want to take most of your classes.Schoolhouse is pretty reasonably priced for a yoga studio, but it's still around $10/class, which is why I have mostly stopped going there.  I miss it though, and I really liked the teachers.  Even the teachers who weren't exactly my favorite style of instructor were still very good teachers.
5	I really felt like I found my "yoga home" in Pittsburgh at this school. I adored almost every instructor at the classes I randomly dropped in. They were willing to work with my medical issues (torn tendons), offering adjustments and alternate poses when necessary, but also challenging me to heal and build my muscles back. There's literally something for everyone - pre-natal, Mommy&me, restorative, high-energy, acrobatics, and so many different types and styles of practice. You can really spread your wings & explore. Almost everyone I met here was cultivating a real sense of gratitude. It's nice to be surrounded by that attitude, after the hustle of your daily life. I deeply miss this place. The space is gorgeous, with tons of natural light pouring in and a view of the strip, downtown, and the river. It smells nice, like free aromatherapy. There are mats to borrow, which is a relief if you stop by after work, but they are also clean and in good condition, thankfully. The classes can be a little cost-prohibitive if you buy  them one at a time, but the $100 pass (12 classes) brings the price down to nearly $8 - and these classes are a steal at $8. I always went to the Lawrenceville/Strip location, but some friends went to the Sqill location & spoke very highly of it.
4	I'm totally addicted to Sharon's Tuesday night class at the Strip District studio, and I really miss it when I can't get there in a given week.  It's aimed at beginners, but as I've become a little stronger I'm definitely continuing to get benefits from it.  This is a comfy, homey studio where people are generally friendly, and the pricing is reasonable (especially if you buy 12-class cards).The only reason I didn't give Schoolhouse Yoga five stars is that I had a bad experience with one of the instructors when I went to a class other than my usual one.  It was an intro to ashtanga class, which I thought would have been suitable for someone who practices yoga regularly but has only tried ashtanga once or twice.  I was able to keep up with the pace and instruction, but was really put off by the fact that the teacher adjusted me without asking, and actually forced my body deeper into poses than I was ready to go, injuring me.  I don't think that type of "instruction" has any place in a yoga studio.  But I stay far away from that teacher now, and love the studio otherwise.
5	This is the first place I ever did yoga, and it was by far the best experience I've had. The teachers were VERY patient, NOT snobby at all, and the students all generally seemed to be pleased with their experience. And at only 10$ per class, you can't beat it. The Squirrel Hill studio is my favorite. I recently have gone to several other studios, and none top Schoolhouse!
