4	Can't believe no one has written a review for this very nice little comic shop. Was waiting for a minigolf place to open up and figured I would digest my sandwich while browsing through the latest.. well, latest is not the word to use here, items that this place had to offer. Was I surprised that this little hole in the wall had a lot of variety. A lot of comic and nerdy stuff that even hardcore nerds themselves would call... "very nerdy". I'm talkin' bout getting into the hardcore of the hardcore here. Want to know what they have? A wide selection of Star Trek costumes. So I suppose if you're in town for a sci-fi convention or you're missing that experience that once came from the Star Trek experience at the Hilton, you can always hit up this place and get your paid escort a star trek skirt. The best thing about this place is the wide selection of Doctor Who items. It's like you got your passport stamped and headed over the pond to England. They have a lot of stuff Dr. Who related. I mean.. not even hard core nerds in the states really embrace Dr. Who all that much cause, really, it's Doctor Who. That's like a British thing. But man oh man, do I love it! NERD ME UP! So yeah, they have a ton of selection in the realm of Scifi and this nerd just couldn't get enough of it! As for comic selection, they had a good number of stuff. While the other shops in Vegas were better for back issues and hardcover/tpb, this one was great for the random collectible items and various toys and stuff. Very helpful in answering questions. Though you could smell that desperation in the air. The asking you one too many times if you need help finding anything. HA! Like any respectable comic shop worker knows what the store actually has hidden in their shelves. That's how you can tell the good ones.. cause not even they know what hidden treasures they have in their joint. Just a collection that piles on top of itself over the years. Thanks anyhow, and thanks for my green lantern glass.
4	This is a nice little comic shop tucked between a Whole Foods, a head shop, and a mini-golf course.  It is definitely a one-stop hub for any of your nerdy desires, like Doctor Who, the latest comic releases, or a binge of statues and starships!  The bank of models along the store is rather diverse and neat.A quirky nook you should check out if you want to get your geek on!
5	This store is a Scifi Geeks heaven they have everything from Star Wars, Star Trek, Dr. Who, Sea Qwest, Toys, Comics, Plush toys, trading cards. A totally cool store!
