5	OMG FRIENDLY!  I had never been to one of these and it's pretty close to my house so I ventured out in the name of having food in the house.  Everyone was super friendly!  Like, over the top super friendly and helpful.  The store is laid out in an ok manner, booze up front when you first come in is always a great feature in a store.  =)Even the security guards are knowledgeable and helpful.  It's very odd, for me, to go into a grocery store where the people stocking and such always say hello when you walk by.  To add to that, that most seem really knowledgeable is a great bonus.  I like shopping here and will continue to go back for things that I don't get through my grocery delivery service
4	Albertsons is higher priced on somethings but they make up for it in other ways. Good Fruit and Produce section. The Bakery seems to have better quality then other places. The Hot French Bread is way better in my book then Smiths and im not even sure Walmart Grocers put out hot bread. Well stocked aisles and the store is clean. The employees are always around if you have a question. Unlike some stores where you have to track someone down. ACK ACK WALMART ACK ACK. From The employee at Customer Service to the Employees i encountered while shopping. To The Girl at the Self Check out who makes sure everything is ok. I received a hello and a good day from everyone. Though Watch out for this woman who sits behind the glass at Wells Fargo she seems like a damn racist. But thats for another time. Kudos Albertsons. You may of just won me from Walmart. Plus i like the copy machine right there for 15 cents its cheap and convenient.
4	Very friendly great customer service and fresh produce. Very convenient and affordable.
4	This Alberstons is the place we stop when we need to make a quick run to the grocery.  It's super convenient for us.  The produce and fruit is usually fresh & you can actually get fresh fish, unlike most markets where you can only get frozen.  The employees are pretty friendly and always ask if I need help with anything.  Prices at Albertsons are usually a bit higher than other grocery stores but they do accept coupons, which helps.  They stopped using the store rewards card a few months ago so prices are 'what you see is what you get.'  We typically do our grocery shopping at Whole Foods but will stop here if we aren't close to one.  They have a lot of organic options, even if they are a bit higher priced.  We always end up getting a loaf of the fresh bread when we walk by & smell it.  We are total suckers for hot, freshly baked bread!
