4	Malt. Not the liquor, the vinegar. If a place has malt vinegar for their fries, I'm sold. Ok, in places with malt vinegar, they're called "chips," not fries. Anyway...Group of 6 of us showed up to have a lunch meeting. They had no issues with us pulling an extra table in to accommodate us. (By the way, I had no idea there were two Ms in that word!).Service was super-quick. Our server was right on us & took our drink orders. I had the fish n chips, which is what I always get. I'm a freak for it! The fish had a really crispy batter that wasn't heavy. It was cooked all the way through. It makes me barfy if I get fish with batter that's so thick there's still raw batter. Sick!FRESH fries. I mean chips. They still had the skin on them, which is my very favorite. She even brought us a bowl of lemon wedges for our fish.We didn't even have to ask for our checks, either. Well, maybe she just wanted to get rid of us, but we were only there for a little over an hour. Or, we were so obnoxious she wanted to get us out of there. I doubt it, as she seemed to be able to tolerate The Rowdies.With a tip, I paid $11 for my lunch. That's a great value and I was stuffed. Not food coma stuffed, but nicely stuffed. Not like Thanksgiving, but like...a business lunch.They even have OTB there. I don't bet on the horsies, though.P.S. This used to be called Hail Mary's.
3	good spot for lunch, good prices, service may be a little slow, but never a drastic issue. usually get the french dip and a tall beer. they do have a patio which is nice.
2	Really? Sat in the dining room, only had 1 server on staff (she was running her ass off and did a fine job of keeping up with the crowd) but you could hear the creepy looking manager yelling at her in the kitchen for being lazy. He looked like he was strung out on something though so who knows what the underlying issue was. This was months ago, I haven't been back and don't plan on it. If you want your business to run like a well oiled machine, perhaps you should think about hiring a manager who actually wants to be there.
