5	We need to up the stars on this review..  This tour rocks and if you don't believe me ask the 14-22 year olds that went with us last Saturday night.  They are still talking about it.   And I can't resist telling everyone I see about it.  Joe is amazing. Witty and informed.  Would do this again in a heartbeat and encourage more groups to come.
5	Had a good time on the Phoenix Ghost Tour. We met them at the Orpheum where we got to hear the first ghost story about a cat-ghost and a creepy lady. We then walked east hearing more stories, to the San Carlos and Professional Building. Traveling along, on the way to the highlight, The Westward Ho, we heard more spooky tales of gruesome suicides that surely left behind a ghost. At the Post Office we met up with one hip gentleman dressed in an olive green jacket, slick button down, matching hat and a cane. He was introduced as our tour guide through the Westward Ho. Our friend walked us through the beautiful building that was surprisingly in shape, and told us the history of its celebrities and brothels. After the Westward Ho we walked down other streets hearing more tales and ended near the San Carlos. Afterwards we got to chat with the tour guide, asking him tales about the Professional Building. It was a fun tour, that if you're expecting to be jumped out at and hear a dorky "booooo" you will be disappointed. But if you want to hear tales that make you take a second glance at a window each time you're near one of the buildings or just some history of the building, this is for you.
5	Some people see the words "Ghost Tour" and automatically equate this to one of the haunted houses that spring up around Halloween. If that's what you're expecting, then this tour is not for you. This is NOT an attraction decorated with fake blood and body parts, staffed by teenagers in pop culture horror costumes, designed to frighten you with artificial scares.This is a sedate wander-fest around a few blocks of downtown Phoenix in which you are regaled first with the rich history of the buildings surrounding you, then with the true accounts of those who died, and finally with anecdotes of those who have experienced supernatural happenings there. Your imagination will get a far more effective workout than your adrenal gland.Unfortunately, the Westward Ho has decided that Phoenix Ghost Tours will no longer be allowed in the building for their tours. Even more unfortunate was the fact that this was imparted to the company mere hours before the 7 PM Halloween tour, 2013. Gee, thanks, Westward Ho. Good timing.Luckily, this didn't phase Joe, our tour guide, at all. Not only was he kind enough to return some of our purchase fee, but he still gave us an amazing, historical, and fun-fact-filled guide around downtown.Despite being unable to enter any of the buildings, the tour was informative, interesting, and was definitely a fun thing to do on Halloween. After hearing about some of the supposed ghosts, I couldn't keep my eyes from wandering from window to window to roof wondering if one would decide to make an appearance for me.Thank you, Joe!
4	I'm not a fan of being scared, however I do enjoy learning about history. My bf loves anything paranormal, so we agreed to go on this tour while we were on vacay in Phoenix. My girlfriend and her boyfriend joined us as well so we met in front of the Orpheus theatre as directed by the tour registration email. People slowly started to gather and we waited until our tour guide (Joe) came. After quick introductions and instructions (safety first!), the tour started about the background of the Orpheus theatre and we made our way throughout downtown Phoenix learning about the many stories and haunted venues and hotels. The tour ended at the Westward Ho where Jasper (a residence and honorary tour guide) allowed us to tour the hotel. What an awesome way to learn about the history of Phoenix and be given tips on where you can dine/drink and hopefully have your own paranormal encounters. I highly recommend taking this tour!
