5	I stayed here for about a week before I got settled into a flat here in Edinburgh. My mum, who came over here with me to help get me settled, had found it on the Expedia website and because of the good reviews, booked us a room.From the moment we walked through the door we were greeted by who would be my favourite concierge, Christopher. He helped us with our bags and then led us into our room and began to show us every little detail about our two bedroom "apartment". The Residence was started by the Knight family. The mister, who was an avid traveler, got fed up with having to stay in the usual stuffy hotel room and wanted to open a apartment-style hotel residence that was comfortable and accommodating, and just perfect for families and he did just that. Christopher showed all the amenities of our apartment from how to connect to the free WIFI to how to use the washing machine and heating. There are so many great features of the Knight Residence that I barely know where to begin! I'll do this room by room.The Kitchen: The kitchen came with every utensil, pot, pan, appliance, bowl, cup, you could ever need. A combined washing machine and drier, a small but suitable fridge, a dishwasher, stove, oven, microwave, kettle, toaster and bread bin! My favourite quality was the stocked basket sitting on the counter. Christopher emphasized that this was a token of appreciation for staying there (and the expense) and that we didn't have to refill it when we left.  Small boxes of cereal, packets of cookies, jams, etc. overflowed from the basket and was quite the impressive feature. The fridge had a thing of milk, orange juice and apple juice already in it, and there was a loaf of bread in the bin. Teas, coffee and sugar were in a box on the counter.The Sitting Room: 70 channels on the large flat screen TV. A combined DVD/VHS player and a CD player- complete with a switch on the wall so you can listen to music in the washroom (cool!) The entertainment unit had a select few VHS (Ab Fab, Friends, Pocahontas, Homeward Bound) already sitting on the shelves, and we were told that we could switch them at leisure and were free to watch. A bookcase, conveniently located outside our apartment door on the ground floor, housed more VHS and an impressive collection of DVDs, which were either a 1 or 2 quid depending on the rating. Everything from the old classics, all the way up to Inglourious Basterds. Even 17 Again and The 40-Year Old Virgin (No I did not watch those! And no Christopher did NOT make fun of me when I brought them up to the concierge desk to receive the disc....) A pull out couch and two chairs were also in the room, with a small dining table. Ironing board was in the closet.The Bathroom: A great size. Came with all the usual free shampoos/conditioners/body washes of your usual hotel. Interesting feature: An electric towel rack to keep your towel warm while showering, wow. The large mirror had a square of anti-fog area over the sink so that you could actually see yourself when you got out of the shower. I thoroughly enjoyed both these assets.The bedrooms: Each came with a desk and a small flat-screen TV. Pillows include both down and regular. My room had two single beds that could be pushed together to make one if you so desired, and the other room came with a Queen sized bed. Pretty comfortable.The service: Excellent. They made our stay at the Knight Residence worthwhile. When a fuse blew, the concierge on call came in came right away to fix it and even noticed the burnt out light bulb on the fixture in the main room and replaced that. When the washing machine was making weird noises and not draining, the concierge came in, pulled off the base board and yanked the under wire from a bra out of it. Just another day at work for him! All the concierges were helpful with directions, calling cabs and places to eat (though that usually wasn't a problem with me in tow.)I could probably live here forever, but alas, it was only for a week. I really enjoyed staying here, and it was great to be able to buy your own groceries and cook your own food instead of having to pay for meals in an expensive dining room or having to eat out all the time. The Knight Residence provided a wonderful living experience for my mum and I and I highly recommend it for families especially, as you can sleep up to 6 people in the two-bedroom suite, and the collection of books and movies to choose from provide some entertainment for those chilly nights when you just want to stay in. It's located on a side street, a 5 minute walk from the Meadows, a 10 minute walk from Brunstfield Place (boutiques, restaurants, shops, theatres), a 10 minute walk from Grassmarket and George IV Bridge (pubs, bars, restaurants, cafes, shops) and about a 15-20 walk from Princes St and New Town. Overall, a wonderful alternative to the usual "stuffy and bland hotel".
5	I stayed here for a week in March 2010, traveling with my mom.  This is the best hotel I have ever stayed at.  Newly renovated apartment with full kitchen (stocked with full breakfast and snacks upon arrival and when needed), superior customer service, great location (can pretty much walk anywhere in the old part of the city from this place).  We were able to cook for and entertaining a group of 10 people in this place! The staff was extremely helpful, even offering us a larger apartment just to entertain in! I completely agree with the previous reviewer.  We loved Edinburgh, and even so, the apartment was one of our favorite parts of the stay! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
3	A great place if you are looking for a lovely two bedroom in a central location for a weekend away. You will find the kitchen is stocked with a lovely welcome basket of snacks and breakfasts while the flat itself is clean and affordable. A great place to look at if you and some friends are heading over for a long weekend, a hen/stag do or even just in the area for work and you prefer a home feel.
