4	I came here awhile ago for the ice cream and it was pretty delicious. Lots of variety. I don't remember which flavors I tried though. Today I came to try the cupcakes.(Bilboquet is also combined with Les Glaceurs) I will warn you, they are REALLY sweet, but very tasty nonetheless. You can get 6 regular cupcakes for 16$ and 12 minis "chef's choice" for 15$. I tried one regular vanilla cupcake which was super good! The texture was great and the decor was lovely. It was a frosting design of pink flower with little golden beads of chocolate in the middle. One bite and I had to dive in for more bites till I finished that thing in less than 2 minutes. The minis were not bad either. My favorite mini was the oreo (i am crazy about oreos). Les Glaceurs tops my list on crazy good cupcake places. Check it out if you're in the Westmount area.
5	My favourite ice cream / sorbet place in Montreal!Original and interesting ice cream flavours, always rich and creamy. (Moka foullie, ginger, Brouhaha are faves!)Fruit sorbets are simply amazing! They just the perfect texture, flavour, richness!
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmm.Enough said.
5	Nice location. Too bad Westmount Park is just a bit too far to make it before your ice cream melts! Delicious excellent ice cream and nice place to sit and enjoy.
5	Montreal has been rough for my teeth, with it's awesome selection of desserts, pastries and other sweet goods. Bilboquet offers no help to my dentist.Located on Sherbrooke in the middle of Westmount, it's easy to find...just look for the long lineups on sunny days!My wife and I shared a heaping of the Cacophonie on a warm weekend and it hit the spot. I'll have to come back for the cupcakes as there was no more room in my stomach. They also have a good assortment of cakes and other sweet goods to try.Service was excellent and many happy customers left that day.
5	This location is very close to my house and they have mini cones so it's a great choice when I'm in the mood for ice cream.I have issues making choices and the fact that Dairy Queen is a few doors down, can often leave me conflicted. I normally stand outside in the middle of both locations wondering if I'm in the mood for a blizzard or in the mood for actual ice cream!Biloboquet's ice cream is creamy and luscious and they have a nice selection of flavors. My absolute favorite is the maple caramel tire one, swirls of caramel in maple ice cream and ribbons of tire in it! Yum! No maple imitation flavor, all real maple syrup goodness!I love their mini cone, it is very tiny but sometimes it's all I want.I've also had a few of their cupcakes here, banana chocolate was decent but the cake could have been more moist and the icing creamier.I'll stick with the ice cream and you can also bring a container home which can be good or bad, depending on how you are with rationing your goodies:)
4	I'm not a big dessert eater, but I enjoy a cold, tart sorbet. And this place delivered. Great selection of ice cream and sorbet. Kid-friendly, lovely staff, cute setup. Cozy neighborhood-y feel on quiet block.
