5	Gino's saved me $1,300 over quote from Tire Kingdom.  Their shop is off the beaten path but well worth the 10 mile drive for me!
5	i've have been going to gino's for a since i moved to charlotte in 2009. they have saved me several thousand dollars in repair on my 86 BMW and once even recommended i go somewhere else to get a lower price! unbelievable! wouldn't go anywhere else in charlotte! Gino and Tony are awesome.
5	I can not speak highly enough about Gino's Auto Repair. I was referred to them by a friend when my then Chevy Malibu was causing me trouble and not working. I had my car towed to the shop and the electrical problems ensued. They had never seen anything like this and Gino and his staff had my car for 8 days but were still unable to pinpoint the problem. So instead of charging me to fix a problem they knew wasn't the source of the issue or charging me for all of the labor hours (which would have been in the thousands), he only charged me for one hour's worth of work since they could not fix the problem. I was blown away! You better believe that when I found my new-to-me car, I took it to the shop for them to check out before I purchased it. Gino's will be my mechanic from here on out!It is tough to find a good, quality repair shop that won't take advantage of my extreme lack of auto knowledge. Gino's is the ONLY place that I will go now! Thanks for all of your help guys!
5	SSSHHHHHHHH    but they are the most honest,,  upfront mechanics in Charlotte, They have helped myself and many of my friends  with car problems ! and I have never felt cheated !
5	I think Gino's might be the best thing ever. Here's the deal:1.) Olllld school mechanic in Plaza Midwood. Total mom and pop feel; no frills, just down-to-earth car repair. This alone means you're gonna save money, amiright? (I'm right.)2.) The nicest, most honest people running and working at the joint. "Mom" and Tony have been there forever and they just love doing what they do. It's awesome in like a billion different ways.3.) Prompt, excellent service.4.) But, of course, the best reason: *prices.* Ohmuhguh. I mean, you're not going to pay the absolute cheapest price ever like if you drove your car down to Laredo, Mexico or something, but these guys are suuuper reasonable. Managed to save me $220 over a quote given to me by an outfit called Select Import down South Blvd (don't ever go there by the way *points finger and gives evil eye*). Anyway, they're not out to get rich, they just love what they do and they want to get your business and loyalty. That, to me, shows me they know how to play the long game.In short, Gino's wins at life. And you will too if you take your car to them.
5	I made a yelp account just to add a review to this oasis for broken vehicles. I am no expert on cars but I know that dealing with most mechanics is a nightmare; a shady back alley deal with some guy giving you an endless list of charges and things needed to fix, just to bring you back the next week when your car implodes. Not Gino's. Personable staff that recognizes respect is earned by quality work, not inflatable gimmicks lining the side of the road. There's a reason why you, the reader, are only seeing 5 star reviews. If you take your car anywhere other than Gino's for repair, you might as well start riding a bicycle.
5	I could not have asked or expected better service. First, the staff, a family, could not have been more personable and friendly. I pulled up with a problem with my alternator without an appointment and got immediate service but tony found another problem and fixed it post haste. Good prices and it's obvious they love what they do. I would suggest this place over any garage in the area.
5	Everything that everyone else has said on here is completely true:1) Great guys.  Tony and Gino are salt of the earth, hardworking, straight shooters, and likable.2) Great work.  They know their stuff and get it done right the first time with minimal delay.3) Great prices.  They'll save you money.  No silly plasma-screens or other frills, just the work - and it's top notch.  Bravo!
5	gino's is awesome! friendly and helpful!
