3	This place was pretty good, and has the potential to be great.Pros: Great staff (our waiter was fantastic...I think his name was Peter?), good location, a different vibe than other Shadyside bars, high quality ingredients, fantastic drink selection (something for everyone), chill atmosphere, vibrant crowd but not too loud, and every course had some great offerings (good appetizers like the soft pretzels, solid sandwiches almost universally, and the white chocolate creme brulee was a very enjoyable dessert).Notes for improvement: (1) My chicken sandwich was great, but there wasn't enough cheese (it got lost under a large bun and in many bites I could barely detect it).  This is an easy fix: just use more cheese.  (2) The sweet potato fries were too salty, as if the kitchen didn't have enough confidence in their flavor.  Trust me, the flavor was great, and they don't need that much salt.  Side note: the sweet potato fries went great with the side of barbecue sauce my friend ordered, I would recommend the combo to any diner.  (3) One of my dining companion's burgers came out undercooked.  Pretty much every nearby restaurant will overcook your burger, so this was different, but if you want to be a top-tier gastropub you should cook burgers to temperature every time.  Use some trial and error to figure out a system, then stick to it religiously.I look forward to dining here again, when hopefully I'll up the rating to 4 or even 5 stars.  It's definitely within reach of being a top-tier Pittsburgh gastropub.
4	We stopped in for drinks after dinner cause we were curious.  The pub and restaurant are downstairs.  The place just opened and is very clean.  The drink menu was creative and extensive.  There is something for everyone on the menu.  I was only going to have one drink but...the first drink was so good and i was so intrigued by some of their offerings I had to try another.  It was worth it!  The service was really, really good.  I mean really good.  Just how you want it to be- friendly, attentive but not too attentive or too friendly.  Our server gave us honest and good recommendations.  Also, the hostess was friendly.   We didn't order food this time- we do plan to go back.  Just from observation, the burgers looked great.  And tons of folks were ordering them.  I'll review than next time I guess.  I would recommend this place.
3	Definitely has a lot of potential!  Good location, good happy hour, decent menu, decent drink selection.Located just off of Walnut, parking can be a little bit tricky, depending on when you come.  But, the actual restaurant space is pretty big and there's plenty of seating, so you don't have to worry too much about finding a table.  The bar space looks a bit trendier and the larger dining area that is connected lacks any decor.We had a few beers from their extensive beer selection and a glass of their cabernet house wine.  House wine was pretty good, for being the house wine, but the pour was a tad bit on the small side.  Perhaps they should consider using a smaller wine glass to make you feel better about the tiny portion.We also tried a few of the snacks and appetizers, which were half off during happy hour!  The Poutine fries were interesting.  They gave it a twist to the standard by using this cheese-beer-bbq-sauce?  It wasn't our fav, but I'm sure some would love the flavor.  The shrimp dish, which was good.  Not too heavy with a good flavor.  My favorite snack/appetizer was the soft pretzels with beer cheese.  I like bread a lot, but the pretzels did resemble bread more than pretzels.  And the only negative about this dish is that the beer cheese was pretty greasy and you could see the oil separating and forming a layer on top.We also ordered one of their gourmet grilled cheese sandwiches.  We liked that all the ingredients were local and it was definitely not your average grilled cheese!Overall, I am definitely going to have to come back to try their other happy hour specials and other menu items.  I also liked all the different nightly specials and events they have planned!  I have high hopes that the rest of the menu will be good and that future trips will be better and better.  I'll be sure to update my review at that time!
4	The most expansive beer selection in pittsburgh, but perhaps not the best; true to its working class roots it has miller lite on tap.  The food is excellent although the portions are small, especially compared to its pittsburgh competition.
4	Ahh The Yard...I am not really sure what to say about it.  Even though this place has been open for about a month, I have already found myself there four or five times.  At this point in time, I really like it because not too many people know about The Yard, so it's easy to find a seat even for a larger group.  So to give it a high rating means that I will have to deal with increased crowds (which I hate!).  That said, I really, really do like this place, so I obviously want it to succeed.The Yard has extended happy hour on Monday-Thursday which includes $1 off drinks, a good (yet random) drink special, and 1/2 price apps and snacks; cool (and actually competitive) trivia where people can't cheat by looking up answers on their smart phones; decent food at decent prices; an extensive draft list (that does get a bit pricey); an awesome Saturday/ Sunday brunch; and decent service.  Another aspect of this place is that it is in the basement so WiFi and phone service is spotty at best.  Make solid plans with your friends before heading there unless you want to keep walking up an down stairs to get reception.  I don't mind so much because it forces people to actually interact with whom they came.  Go ahead, give The Yard a go.
4	I've walked by the yard and considered venturing in, but the location in the basement kept me from venturing in until today.  The decor is great--high ceilings, great looking bar, and everything feels easy and very casual--no blaring music at 6:30, just people talking.  Bartender was very nice and the guy next to me actually chatted, which is good for Shadyside.  Ordered the pierogis and kielbasa and it was AWESOME.  It came with kraut and grilled onions.  I loved it.  Highly recommend.
3	This place was ok, hubby enjoyed it way more than me--but it was not crowded on Tuesday night when we had time to kill so we went in. Hubby ordered a Dogfish Beer, and thought it was excellent. I had an angry Palmer, and just tasted sugar, could not taste/feel any alcohol. For $9, I expect more!! We decided to share the poutine, which we devoured, but I thought the stout gravy was a bit too strong--hubby loved this dish. He also got the Juicy Lucy burger--loved this too, it did look amazing.  I has the lettuce wraps, meh--I've had better. Too much sauce on top, not enough crunch factor.  I would not order it again.  The place also smelled like a sewer, which I can understand because it is in a basement!!   :-/
2	I want to like this place but at the same time, I wouldn't be upset if I never went back there again. Went on a Saturday night with two other adults and a 3 year old. We got seated quickly and that's about where the quick service ended. Our waiter said it was his second day and wasn't able to answer some questions about the menu. I checked out this place to see if it was kid friendly before we went and it's not. They don't have any type of kids menu or children drink cups. We waited over 40 minutes for our food and not all of the orders got the tomato soup. The space is empty and extremely too loud. It was hard to have a conversation with the people sitting at the table. The food was ok but not worth the 40 + minute wait.
4	I came to the Yard on a Friday night with a fairly large party. We called ahead to make reservations, and the staff was very accomodating when I changed the number of people the day of. The dining area is small, so I recommend reservations for large parties. We arrived a little early expecting to sit at the bar for a bit, but our table was all set up.The interior is brand new and looks really nice. I barely noticed that the restaurant is in the basement and doesn't have much natural light.Now, on to the most important part: the food. There is a rather extensive menu of grilled cheese. I had the Yinz Guys Hungry? which comes with steak, tomato, slaw, and cheese, but I ordered it without the slaw (born and raised in Pgh, yet I don't do slaw on sandwiches). All grilled cheese sandwiches come with a side of tomato soup and fries with your choice of seasoning. Delicious. Everyone else enjoyed theirs as well.The menu also includes brunch, a burger or two, etc. I don't drink beer, but they have a lot of it, as well as a mixed drink and dessert drink menu. I had the DJ Razzy something or other and it was also delicious.My only gripe with the Yard is the noise level. It was crowded and the noise bounces off the walls. We had to practially shout to hear each other.But other than that, I definitely recommend the Yard.
4	I heard of The Yard from a coworker who was impressed with their entire page of Grilled Cheese options on the menu. I was drawn in by the $15 unlimited mimosas. I stopped in for brunch on Sunday and was surprised to see the place had many available tables at 10:30AM. Shadyside was bustling about, parking was limited in the streets and in the Bellefonte/Ivy lots, but the Yard was surprisingly empty. Let's start with the good - The menu has lots of options. The brunch options are only one page long, but the rest of the menu was full of page after page of great options. My friend got Chicken and Waffles and said "This was a great decision" as she spread cinnamon butter onto her thick waffles. I ordered a chorizo scramble, which came out with a drizzle of sour cream on top. We both downed delicious Mimosas. Our waitress was attentive and always had the next mimosa on deck, ready for us before we had to ask. I am not sure if the entire menu is available during brunch hours - in hindsight, I wish the waitress would have made mention of that. But she was fabulous. She was friendly and attentive. Now let's look at the not-so-good-Since the location is in the basement of a building, there is little-to-no cell reception. Not a deal breaker, but mildly annoying. Also, the small space is very echoy. There were two rather loud groups - One was a large group of girls, half of whom were still wearing clothes from the night before, the others looking like they had just rolled out of bed. ALL of them were loud and annoying. The other loud group was directly behind us, and we could hear every word to every conversation they had...which was especially annoying because they were rude to the waitress and complaining about everything. I think that most of this could be corrected by addressing the acoustics in the dining area. Maybe something to absorb the sound? It was just a little too harsh and echoy for a relaxing brunch. Now, much of this was because of the obnoxious people, but it could have been made less severe by the design of the room. The cell reception and the acoustics are the only things standing in the way of 5 stars. I am looking forward to returning and trying one of those grilled cheese sandwiches! They have great, creative names, and they all sound delicious!
2	Went to The Yard on a Friday night with a group of six without reservations. There was not a hostess at the hostess stand so we walked to the dining room and stood at the bar until a hostess cleaned off a table. Not a big deal, if we wanted a smoother seating we should have called ahead. We had a great waiter who was knowledgable and accommodating, but our first round of drinks took about 15 minutes to get to the table. Now to the food. I was super excited about the menu. Everything looked great, especially the extensive grilled cheese menu. I decided on the Asian Lettuce Wraps with Thai Chili Chicken and my boyfriend ordered the Juicy Lucy Burger. We both found ourselves very disappointed with our meals. First, I ordered chicken for my lettuce wraps and had a terribly difficult time finding and actual piece of chicken. Don't get me wrong, the flavor was good but the entire wrap was a bunch of watercress with possibly some shredded chicken here and there. Unfortunately for me, I'm not a big fan of watercress. Next, my boyfriends Juicy Lucy burger, which is supposed to contain cheddar cheese cooked between beef, seriously lacked any cheese at all. I've never been anywhere where someone ordered a Juicy Lucy and I was anticipating a bunch of gooey cheese spilling out of the burger like you see on the travel shows, but there was none of that here. Otherwise, he said the burger itself was good, just missed the mark. Our friend enjoyed their food, including the Jerk Grilled Cheese and a flatbread pizza. Perhaps since The Yard specializes in grilled cheese, that's what we'll have to go for next time.  This time though, The Yard was a couple yards short of a touchdown.
4	Wandered into The Yard last Sunday after a long bike ride.  My husband and I were starving! We were greeted by a really nice hostess who told us to pick a table.  We opted for the dining room over the bar and found a table against the wall.  A waitress came over very promptly and noticed we were perusing the tap list.  She told us to take a look and in the meantime would bring us waters.  I found this to be really nice instead of hovering over my shoulder while I selected my beer.  So far so good.  After we ordered our drinks they were brought to us very quickly and we ordered.  First, the menu is great.  The names of the grilled cheese sandwiches are from movies/tv/just funny which we appreciated.  I had the cheesy capresey and my husband had the big che-bowski.  Both sandwiches were fantastic and came with fries and really good tomato soup.  I truly appreciate their attention to quality, local food.We will be back!
5	(This review for the bar only)In an area where I find the bars mostly bland, and not really unique, I believe The Yard stands out. A truly excellent selection of beers on tap - things I haven't ever managed to find on tap before. Gulden Draak and Triple  Karmeliet? Yes please!Belgians, IPAs, wheat beers, sweet concoctions, ordinary beers, rare beers...they did a great job keeping it varied. Definitely my go-to place for beers on walnut now.
1	Terrible,  terrible,  terrible.   DONT order the caprese salad nor the hummus.  Overpriced and simply poorly executed.  What a letdown after seeing all the good reviews.  Hummus tasted like a chemical and the caprese salad had an absolute disgusting truffle oil on it and the mozzarella was the size of your thumb nail.  Don't waste your $60 plus parking.
3	I like the grilled cheese idea they have here. Food-wise we ordered the pierogi grilled cheese and it was pretty tasty and the pulled pork sandwich which was equally tasty. I am not a big tomato soup person, but the soup that went along with the grilled cheese was quite good. I also ordered a side salad the first time we came for drinks and I got the ranch dressing. Honestly, their ranch tastes exactly like Hidden Valley ranch which was a let down. I love restaurant ranch because it is always so flavorful and thin, but that is not the case here. We came on a wine and whiskey night so that was a nice surprise we both got some high-end type whiskey for only $4. I have to say the two times I have been here I paid more than I really wanted and the food was just fine, but nothing to really pull me in to want to go back much.
1	I would just like to go on the record that I was horribly disappointed with The Yard. The grilled cheese were too much stuff and not enough cheese. The soup on the side with Progresso tomato soup. The servers were scattered and horrible, but I suspect that was because they were clearly rotating the whole restaurant and it was just way too much for them to handle. I didn't see a manager or anyone who seemed to be in charge at any point. Generally it was just chaos. All around disappointing.
1	After waiting for 15 minutes to be greeted, we still found ourselves without menus, while two parties were greeted and served that came in after us. I wouldn't have been upset if they were on a wait or even busy. However half the restaurant was empty and the incompetency of the staff really showed. With that being said we did not end up trying food.Edit 9/9/2014 Below you'll be able to see a comment of someone trying to defend and posting incorrect facts. I've been a member of Yelp since August 2012. My first post was indeed this review of this restaurant. Whenever you walk into this restaurant there is an open bar area, with a few tables to the right and I believe a juke box. The bar is in an L shape and off to the left is another area of seating. With what looks to be another bar are as well as a five top which is under a u shaped open area with glass. To say my review was malicious and false shows even more so that ownership is incompetent. We walked in, and the bartender told is to sit anywhere, we did so and after fifteen minutes of not being greeted we left. Whenever we left we told what seemed to be a bus boy that we were leaving because no one greeted us.
5	I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised with The Yard Gastropub their Burgers and beer selections were great.  The server hooked up me up with extra french fries after he saw how much I enjoyed them.  I was up in Pittsburgh for work and I decided to stop by and was definitely not let down.I highly recommend the Pub pretzels with beer cheese dip for an app
1	Party of 6 showed up Sunday around 12:30. There were about 5 other tables of patrons, all in different stages of dining. We waited about 30 minutes for our order to be taken. When the food finally came out it was fabulous (we all ordered different sandwiches and one salad). The service was terrible and there was an extra $3 added (without my knowledge) on the already generous tip of $5 that I left on a $24 food bill (after tax).  By the time we were ready to leave (and pay), there was only 1 other table left and we still waited 20 minutes to get someone to pick up our check. We spent an hour and forty five minutes for grilled cheese sandwiches.
2	I went to brunch at the yard with 5 friends on 9/13/14. It was fairly busy, but the restaurant was extremely ill equipped for the brunch crowd. We did not receive our food for an hour and 15 minutes after we were seated, and were at the restaurant for a total of two hours. In these two hours, the waitress never apologized, refilled coffee or even acknowledged the fact that we had been sitting there without food for a ridiculous amount of time. One of our friends had to leave to make it to a wedding and had to shovel in his food within 5 minutes. The food was decent, but it's hard to really enjoy the food when you're irritated.
2	I'm giving The Yard 2 stars because I did not get food poisoning. This is my first time reviewing a restaurant and last night was my first time in any dining establishment not leaving a tip. It is now early afternoon on a beautiful pittsburgh day. It has been about twelve hours since my friends and I entered the twilight zone of The Yard. Like the Zone,we soon discovered that entering is a lot easier than getting out.Besides a few ordering hiccups (one of my friends has Celiac disease, and so ordered her sandwich gluten-free, and the waiter then interpreted that as we all wanted gluten-free bread. gross.) the actual dining experience was pleasant. The chef corrected the gluten misunderstanding and our food arrived in a timely and aesthetically pleasant state. I had actually gotten someone to cover my shift at work so I could meet my friends and sample the infamous grilled cheese. Expectations for the food were high and well met. I will never go back to that purgatory again. Here's why.Before our waiter even brought the check, I asked if it was possible to split it for our party of six. I understand that is a miserable task, and only asked because we were one of three active tables in the bar. As a former waitress myself, I would have been fine if he'd refused the delineation. With slurred, fragmented speech he assured us it would not be a problem, and shuffled off to the kitchen to separate the tabs. He came back a moment later with one long check, and mumbled something about how orders were according to seats 'so you guys can just do that.' We didn't understand either. This was 11:45pm and that's an important detail. We asked him to write our initials next to our orders (most of us had ordered two items). Flustered, he grabbed his pen and we began the painstaking task of trying to communicate with a scotchbrite sponge. Actually, a sponge would have been less frustrating because it is not encased in the facade of a sentient human being. In what was surely the quietest, most patient 7 minutes of our groups time (3 of my friends are currently waiters), we spoke with the slow deliberate manner of a parent explaining addition to a six year old. A six year old how just wasn't going to get it. Eventually he scooted off to the back. He returned less than twenty seconds later and laid the same check on the table. It had not been written on so we were all a bit puzzled, and we were further confused to find attached an additional check for another table. As friend (a waiter) stressed the importance of patience, and began writing clear, itemized instructions of which food and drink went to what name. We jokingly whispered in debate about whether he was high or drunk. Both sides made solid cases but I remain convinced it was the latter. He returned and we gave him the check, and also asked that we not be charged for the wings, as they were probably for another table. He nodded and mumbled incoherently. When he returned 10 minutes later with the same check yet again, it was printed anew, a clean slate free of our cluttered, specific instructions. We asked if he had noticed our notes. He said he could not read the handwriting. If nothing else, please trust me when I say we were all just trying to get out of there. It was 45 minutes into the process of paying and we had made no progress. THE HANDWRITING WAS PERFECT. He had also kept the wings. As we went around the table a third time, it was slightly funny that we all knew each others orders by heart, like an oft repeated word salad Pledge of Allegiance. The level of incomprehension with this guy was amazing. I was amazed. Amazed that as he came to me, he asked for the third time if I'd gotten the gluten free sandwich. And then if I'd gotten the growler. Wrong on both accounts of course. I clearly, crisply, and visibly annoyedly stated 'No, I did not get those items. I got the Big Chebowski, and the Anchor. That is it, That is all I ordered and received tonight.' Exasperated he mumbled something about a table to six being difficult, to which I channeled the Dude and replied 'Yeah, well, we've been through this three times man.' I asked if there was a register we could take our tab to. He mumbled and I guess it was something like a no. His final question before leaving: "So, who got the wings?"Upon the fourth or fifth visit to the table, we were ECSTATIC to see five separate checks. By a higher power's grace, mine was actually accurate. Fate was not as kind to my friends, as there were still errors. Leaving them behind haggling with the waiter, I went to the bar with my card and check, and asked if I could pay there or anywhere but with our waiter. There was no way that guy was gonna touch my debit card. The bartender smiled and said no. I begged, briefly explaining the trouble the waiter was having. No sympathy. I've run out of room in this review. Do not go to this place. We escaped an hour after first asking for the check. On a slow night.
5	Such a cool place. Great location (parking garage next door and lot across the street), friendly and knowledgeable staff, excellent beer selection. The food. Where do I begin. We got 2 grilled cheeses to share and they were absolutely amazing. Paired with some tomato soup and homemade fries. You can't go wrong here. And the prices for everything were competitive yet extremely affordable. I highly recommend this bar!!!
4	I am a vegetarian and I got the Blarney Stoner without the gravy. Holy cheese and potatoes! Jaws were dropping all around me as they asked what I had ordered. It's an open faced sandwich with three types of potatoes and two types of cheese. I pigged out with no thought of my waistline, when I finished my friends circled like hawks waiting for the scraps! The tomato soup that came on the side wasn't very hot but it was good for dipping. I will definitely be going back!
5	I have to say real quick:  I don't understand the poor reviews of this place. I know people are fussy but this is ridiculous. Maybe because of the area. Shadyside, especially Walnut, can be a little difficult, so take the negativity with a grain of salt.  That being said, I really like this place. And I can be particular; I get pissy when I waste a chance for a good time on a crappy place.  The Yard is worth it. In fact, I am getting too regular at wine and whiskey Wednesdays (1/2 off bottles of wine!!!!!!!!!).Look, to address some negativity, they are a newer business and incredibly busy.  Maybe you won't get served within the first five minutes of being there but you're not at Eat N Park, sweetheart.  The staff is super sweet and is not trying to make you have a bad time.  Case in point, last I was there (for happy hour, around 6) there were a group of older women who were so fed up with the noise in the dining area, they asked the management to tell the happy hour-ers to quiet down (seriously).  Clearly, they can't do that, so they moved the ENTIRE TABLE (bar area is mostly high tops, which are not old lady friendly) to a spot in the slightly less noisy bar.Patience is a virtue, especially when the reward is a huge grilled cheese with all kindsa delicious goop in it.  Oh! Make sure to go with a friend and force them to order sweet potato fries with cinnamon butter so you can eat those after you devour your seasoned potato wedges.  Goes great with the huge selection of beer, including some hard to find Imperials!  They also have a good happy hour, if you're lucky enough to get there before 7, and brunch with bottomleeeess (I wish I could underline that a million times) Mimosas/Bloody Mary bar on the weekends.This place is pretty cool and not uppity like every single other bizarre place around the eastern neighborhoods.  Yins need to relax.. and have a 1/2 price bottle of wine.
3	I came here for brunch with Carrie W. and her husband Matt this past Sun.  We decided to come here primarily because of the bottomless mimosas and bloody Marys.  Although we arrived here at noon and stayed until after 3, our waitress ensured that our glasses never ran dry.  I had the bottomless mimosas, and was only planning on drinking 3, but I must have drank 5-6, so you know they were good!  I was quite tipsy by the time I left--good thing I walked here...For my entree, I ordered off of the brunch menu, and decided on the s'more waffles.  I was expecting one waffle, but when the dish came out, it was huge, consisting of two (see photo)!  Although I enjoy French toast, waffles, and pancakes with sweet ingredients, the waffles were a bit sweet even for me.  I also felt that they were rather dry, esp. on the inside, and that more sauce would have helped.  Then again, it probably would have made it even sweeter, so perhaps it wouldn't have been a good thing.  Quite honestly, if my rating were based on the food alone, it would be a 3.However, between the bottomless mimosas and the great service we received, I feel that an extra half star is merited.  I wish I would have gotten the waitress's name so I could give her a shout-out--unfortunately, they don't wear name tags here.  The ambiance was quite casual, albeit a bit loud.  And of course, the company was great! I'll have to return for dinner to try one of the colossal grilled cheeses, since that's what they're known for--if/when I do, I'll write an update.  3.5 stars.
2	I have been here a couple of times. The bar area is nice, and has a huge variety of beers.   They have fat heads bumble berry on tap, which is my favorite. The first time I went they topped off my bumble berry with a few blueberries...Yum!  But the next time I went they didn't. I asked the bar tender why and told me they don't sell enough, so the blueberries go to waste. Then when I tried to order another bumble berry he said the keg kicked. I'm pretty sure it's a popular beer and should be topped off with a few blueberries. The dining room area is large with sufficient seating, but it gets extremely loud when the restaurant gets busy . It is hard to have a conversation without screaming at the people you are dining with. The food is mediocre at its best. I ordered one of their many grilled cheese sandwiches. The sandwich was smothered in butter, and was so thick it was hard to eat. The tomato soup was horrible, and tasted like canned soup. All in all the bar is a fun place, but the food needs some work. And bumble every needs some blueberries.
4	I decided to try The Yard after reading the review in the Citypaper. After sitting down we were quickly greeted by Wayne who stole my heart with his knowledge of the beer menu and the statement "grilled cheese are our thing". Wayne is seriously a great server. He recommended beers to me and when they didn't have what I chose he brought me 3 shooters of beers to choose from in a blind taste test. As for the food, I had the mac n cheese grilled cheese while my date had the pierogi n'at. It was all delicious. I'm in a serious carb coma right now but damn it was worth it! I skipped the tomato soup that comes with every grilled cheese in favor of the she crab soup which was good, not great. I felt like it had too much cheese and cream added and was really too rich. The fries were some crazy spiral cut wedges. Generally I dont like any kind of thick cut fries but these suckers are cooked and seasoned perfectly! If only I weren't so stuffed! I really want to try the dessert and decided we will have to go back just for a drink and some sweets. We will definitely be going back and hope that Wayne is there again.
3	We made reservations online through yelp for 8:15pm as that was the first time that was available. Once we arrived there was a sign that said 'private party' until 845pm. She mentioned that we can wait at the bar and they were hoping to finish the party up and get us seated by 8:15p. No big deal, we headed to the bar. Had a few drinks and the pretzel app. Decent pretzel. Good signature drink options, loads of beer choices too. We were seated at 8:45pm. I ordered the yard burger. Which was really good, I'd skip the fries. Someone else in my party ordered the keilbasa and pierogi supper, it was 'fine'. Someone else ordered Big Cho-Bowski, she really liked the sandwich, didn't care for soup and didn't eat the fries because it was too much food. From what I saw everyone mainly orders the grilled cheese and I can appreciate that. The bread is thick cut and it is their thing. But if you don't feel like eating that, I'd vote yard burger everyday. It really was tasty. Three stars because of the wait, which I know isn't in their control in, but we shouldn't have been able to book a reservation for a time they couldn't accommodate. We will go again.  I will update then.
4	This place is a hidden gem. It's been getting more attention lately and for good reason. The beer list is very good and the food is really good, plus the kitchen is open until 1. The atmosphere is casual and there is a great little lounge section in the back. This is a great place to go for a chill weekend or week night.
3	Went there for a Sunday brunch.  We got seated immediately, and the waitress came over within five minutes.  It was 11:55 and half of the dining room was empty.  Prior to ordering food, I ordered the Bloody Mary bar which was $18 for unlimited Bloody Marys  between 10-1 (on-line menu indicated $24)  Twenty minutes later I still did not get my drink even though the waitress apologized three times for it not yet being ready.  I mean, how long does it take to fill a glass with ice and vodka!  It finally came and I went to the Bloody Mary bar to finish off my drink.  The self-make bar was underwhelming. It contained four containers of tomato juice ranging from mild, medium, diablo and beware; only two hot sauces, celery sticks, lemon wedges and olives.  They also had bacon strips as garnish which was surprising different, however, they did not have any toothpicks or other utensils to pick these items out od their serving dishes.  I consumed my drink within 5 minutes and patiently waited for a refill on the vodka.  The waitress passed our table at least four times over the next twenty minutes looking at the empty glass but not offering a refill.  Finally, I just asked her to change the order from the unlimited bar to the one time drink.We ordered our food off of the brunch menu and also ordered a flatbread appetizer.  FYI, flatbreads are only $5 Sunday afternoons.  The food came rather quickly.  The breakfast scramble was huge and was tasty.  The order of Johnny cakes was also tasty but did not come with the noted maple syrup drizzle or the sweet buttercream.  Had to ask for syrup as well as  silverware. The bill noted that it was an ala carte order which was not what I requested.  The flatbread was also good but came at the same time as the rest of our meals.Bottom line, food was good, service not so much. Will go back again to see if it was  just a fluke.  The menu is varied and eclectic and I would like to try a majority of the items on it, but if service does not improve, not going to do so.
5	Fantastic pub, great crowd. Food was great, we loved the hot pretzels and burgers. Beer selection was really diverse as well. Bartenders and wait staff were very knowledgeable about the different beers and their service was excellent. Been to this bar a few times since its opened....definitely the best pub in Shadyside!!
2	Growing Pains Have Yet To ImproveWe have gone here several times in the months that is has been open, and overall the experiences are usually the same, with the concneus being an overwhelming "Meh."  The beer selection is great, the food can be good, but the staff has no sense of urgency, which can ruin the great idea of this concept.Our last meal was a bust from the start, with the standard unattentive server.  Drinks took forever, and while we got $5 flights, there was limited explanation of which beer was which in the "Build Your Own Flight."  At least, as a saving grace, we could figure it out, but that was a bit frustrating.The food took much prodding to get from our server.  When it did arrive, only the sandwiches were hot.  The soup was both lukewarm and bland; as if they were attempting to pay homage to grilled cheese with condensed Campbell's soup from childhood.  My fries were also not hot, though we did have both items promptly replaced with a hotter version.The final issue that left us sour was that with the second round of flights, they were out of the normal glassware to do them.  The bartender's solution was to use shot glasses, netting us a serving that was half size.  This was called out, and we did get an extra pint, but I am not sure why free glassware from Sam Adams is in such short supply in a beer based gastropub, especially when the flight glasses are free from a Sam Adams rep.The entire experience reaffirmed that the only way to do The Yard is drinks only, and only at the bar rail.  You can at least get your beer on time then, other than that, it can sit at service bar for several minutes while the staff is nowhere to be found. That's the shame of it all, the place has so much potential.  They just don't care to try.
3	We went to the Yard a few Sundays ago to enjoy a nice afternoon brunch with fellow yelper and friend Laura M.  We met right around noon.  As Laura pointed out our desire to have some adult bevvy's at a reasonable price and a lot of them on top of that helped sway our decision to make our first brunch meeting at the Yard.  My first impressions of the place was awkward.  It's located in a basement, no real actual natural light except from the entrance the you can see from the bar. We sat in the dining area off the bar.  Now since it was a basement the room echoed everyone's voice so it was also on the loud side, so our conversation was projected and certainly kept getting louder as the drinks kept coming... Matt and I both ordered the CHORIZO SCRAMBLE Spicy Chorizo / crumbled Eggs / Fresh Pico de Gallo/Cilantro/Sour Cream/Served over Home Fries.  I had the unlimited Bloody Mary bar, and he had the bottomless mimosa.  My meal looked appetizing but it was pretty dry.  I found myself dumping ketchup on it to give it some moisture, and I am no fan of the red stuff.  I took more home than I ate and tried mixing into an omelet but it wasn't that good either so I ended up pitching it. The service was really good.  Our server was attentive, unfortunately our table was really wobbly.  So wobbly we nearly spilled our drinks a few times.  We tried to fix the problem the most classiest way possible by shoving sugar packets and napkins under the leg but it didn't help.  Another employee came over to assist but noted it was actually the table top not the base that was the issue... So we just had to endure it.Our "brunch" seriously turned into a 6 hour marathon.  After Laura left we eventually made our way out to the bar to switch it up and have a few beers and watch some football.  The bar was pretty cool and one of the servers took our picture since it was our one year wedding anniversary.  Funny though I think I look a little tipsy in that picture.  I did have about 6 Bloody Mary's and a few beers, but I wasn't driving so who's counting...  The yard is more of a 3.5 since the bar and staff were great and my company was awesome but my food left something to be desired.   I think in the future I would try one of their sandwiches or burgers, maybe one of those colossal grilled cheese...  I saw a couple come out and they looked very tempting...
5	I am visiting from out of town and a friend recommended The Yard. I had my heart set on a grilled cheese sandwich and he said this was the place to go. I know grilled cheese sandwiches are usually boring--not here! I had one with ham and it was so good-- not soggy and delicious. Served on bread that could have been homemade it was so good. The place was active and fun. The best part of the night, besides the food, was our waitress who had a Boston accent. I think her name was Erin. She could not have been more helpful or accommodating with a member of our group who is always a picky eater. She was very attentive and we were never wanting for anything, even when she got busy. Plus I saw her help out a fellow employee and, as a former waitress, I always think co-workers helping someone else is a sign of good restaurant teamwork, so I figure the restaurant must be good. The next time I am in town, I will be back!
2	Stopped in here on a moderately busy Monday evening. My friend and I stood around for about two or three minutes, awkwardly close to the table closest to the front door, waiting to be seated. Finally, a guy in shorts and an Under Armour shirt seated us in the dining area. Priding itself on its beer selection, The Yard has a sizable list to choose from. However, the format looks like an Excel spreadsheet transposed onto a menu. If The Yard is going to stake its name as beer-loving gastropub, and it certainly seems that way, I want to know more about the beers they offer. The Monday night special was 16oz. local crafts for $4. I went with Full Pint's "Night of the Living Stout." I'm a malty, dark beer guy and was immediately turned off by the rather intense hops flavor not present in most porters and stouts. Had I known this is how the beer tasted ahead of time, I wouldn't have ordered it. I'll take some blame for not sampling it, though. It could be the beer itself, or the way it was poured/drafted, but there was no head on it by time it came to the table and it tasted somewhat flat. I returned the beer, something I hardly ever do.I had the roasted turkey sandwich, described on their menu as thus: fresh thyme baked turkey breast/thick carved/lettuce/tomato/onion/lemon aioli/artisan roll. Pros included the bread and the amount of meat. However, the turkey breast, admittedly a tough protein to keep from drying out, was just that, causing a dryness in each bite. The lemon aioli hardly showed up, and when it dripped onto my wax paper-covered cutting board below, it was watery. The red onion was the strongest flavor to come through, which, I don't think was the intention of whomever created this dish. The fries, many of which resembled the shape of an apostrophe, were slightly crispy on the outside, soft in the center and slightly on the greasy side for my taste. My dish, ultimately, was forgettable, rather than memorably bad. My friend, who ordered the seafood mac'n'cheese, said it was "alright" and that she wished the crab throughout wasn't so finely divvied up throughout the dish. The service was subpar in my opinion. The servers seemed to be hard at work and always on the go, but perhaps too much so. Maybe they were understaffed. Awkwardly standing around to be greeted and seated didn't make a great first impression on me and the meals were served without silverware. When our server stopped to ask us if everything was satisfactory around mid-meal, I got a "yeah..." out before he was onto the next table. When check time came, he failed to ask if my friend and I were splitting the bill, which we were. Fortunately, I had cash to pay her.I'm normally not so critical of restaurants. I'm not a food snob and having worked for a time in the industry, know that working in a restaurant isn't the easiest job out there. I'd much rather write positive reviews and don't go out of my way to write negative ones. The dining room, hardly separated from the pub area, was a bit loud for carrying on a conversation and catching up with my friend. Bottom line: the food and service needs to improve. I would come here again to drink, but until it's evident the food gets better, I wouldn't eat here. I think this place has potential, but with a lot of options in Shadyside, The Yard needs to improve quickly.
4	It seems that many folks complain about the service. I have been there recently and the place was good. The sandwich were very ... well .... greasy but this is what you expect when you go in this type of place, right? The beer selection is good with a lot of local selection. On my part, the service was good and on time. Will definitively come back, way better than many other places in that area.
4	Went for brunch but ended up ordering from the grilled cheese list. I had the wake and bake which was amazing. Cheddar, egg, maple bacon, and maple mayo. Seriously it was over the top delicious. My boyfriend had the blarney stoner. This was open faced with mashed potatoes, beer cheese, stout gravy, fries, and hash. So really it was potatoes on bread. Not really grilled, but so yummy.All of the grilled cheeses come with tomato soup and fries. The fries were thick and almost breaded, soft in the middle. You can get them in a few different flavors including old bay- can't go wrong there. The tomato soup was interesting. Not bad per se but really really thick. I can't imagine eating a bowl of it but it did serve the obvious purpose of being vessel for dipping. Our service was great. She was quick and efficient. Absolutely no complaints. Also the beer list here is amazing. We will be back!
3	Went for brunch today so we could watch some football,  have a drink, and eat some gastropub food. Several tvs in the bar area, but they don't have nfl Sunday ticket so the game selection is limited.  We ordered bottomless mimosas (they do those til 4 now) and definitely got our money's worth. Large draft beer selection and the service was impeccable; no complaints there. now, the food. the menu certainly looks tasty and has a huge variety of options. The execution, for us, was poor. We both ordered grilled cheese: one "it's always sunny in Philadelphia" and one "big chebowski". There was very little filling in the first and it was missing one of the cheeses. The cheese was not melted and the bacon was only half cooked on the second.  The sweet potato fries were served with honey butter; if you can get passed dipping a fry in butter, pretty tasty. The garlic parmesan fries were mostly parmesan, and not fresh: the powdery kind you get from the unrefrigerated aisle at the market. All grilled cheeses are served with tomato soup;  love the idea, but the soup tasted canned and condensed. I want to love the place, but more homemade, quality stuff and better execution is a must.
5	If you're in the mood for great beer and scrumptious bar nosh, this is your place. Caters to a range of ages. The Yard fills a gap in the Walnut district food & bar scene. Great for catching the game too!
3	My boyfriend and I went here last night. The appetizer we got (the nachos) were amazing. Can definitely tell everything is fresh. The atmosphere was good and the restaurant is nice but it was pretty loud, which was surprising for a Sunday night. The table next to us (very close together) had an issue with a food allergy, which was no one's fault - but the girl was having issues and the guy was very loud and obviously drunk. Other than the loudness though, our food was amazing. We both got lettuce wraps. This came with choice of fries or a sweet potato- we both ordered a sweet potato and neither of us got one. We didn't realize this until we had already left. Our waiter seemed very attentive at first, but he didn't come back to our table for a long time so we wouldn't have been able to even ask him for them even if we did realize. We asked for a refill with our water and he never brought one. The service was definitely not the best. We waited for a very long time for our lettuce wraps, while a table that came in after us got all 4 of their meals at least 10 minutes before us. I really liked the food (that we got), so this review is based on service, the time it took for us to get our food, and the fact that we never even got half of our meal. The food was great, so it's a shame the service made this review only get 3 stars.
3	The mallnut street curse continues. Living walking distance to Walnut leaves one so few choices anymore....won't go into that, another time...So excited when I saw the Yard was going into that doomed pasta piatta space. Like the concept, good food and great beer and a "pub". Well the beer is pretty good.  The food....ok I say. Had the marg pizza last week and the balsamic vinegar they drown it in just kills it with sweetness. The fattoush was not bad, but huge.  So shareable or wasteable.  The atmosphere....another walnut street college bar.  Forget having a conversation in the bar area on a weekend.  Cannot speak to the dining room. So I say, if you have never been, and like beer, it's worth a try, but falls short in some crucial areas.
4	Anywhere where I can get a menu of grilled cheese and beer is a place I want to be.  Yet another favorite spot in Pittsburgh!  Mmm cheese...  I know it's hard to find parking in Shadyside, but there is fair priced garage next door to make your visit that much more convenient and enjoyable.My friends and I decided to grab a drink and dinner after work.  After seeing the "Gobbler" on The Yard's Facebook page, we knew it was time to visit.  While I waited for everyone to arrive, I ordered their hot pretzels.  Oh my gosh were they hot and tasty!  They came with a honey mustard and a spicy mustard - both were delicious.  The pretzels paired with my craft beer nicely!For my main course, I selected the Big Che-bowski - Cheddar / Smokin Rodeo Gouda / Thick Applewood Smoked Bacon / Fried Egg / Tomato.  Are you drooling yet?  I was!  Accompanied by sweet potato fries, I left saying "I can't believe I ate the whole thing..."  There are many other cheesy dishes I want to try: TURKEY CRISTO = Swiss / Tussy Mountain Cheese / Oven Roasted Turkey / Berry Preserves / Deep Fried,  or WANG CHUNG TONIGHT = Smokin Rodeo Gouda / Pan Fried Chicken / Asian Slaw / Sweet Thai Chili Sauce, or basically anything on their menu.Yes, The Yard left an impression and all I want is CHEESE!  or BEER!  Or BOTH :)
2	food isn't good
4	In a hunt for someplace casual to grab a bite to eat and hang out on a Friday night, we discovered The Yard. Overall, I would say it offers reasonably priced, Pittsburgh-esqe food but with a bit more flair. People coming here should expect a cozy ambience and comfort food best served on a cold winter evening. Ambience:The restaurant is located, more or less, in the basement of a building just off of Walnut. The large chalkboards covered with specials and beers on tap along with incandescent lighting make it an approachable place. The only downside I imagine is during the day, where being below street level offers little lighting. On a Friday evening, the place was busy- great for a group of friends, less so for a romantic date.Food:I went for one of their grilled cheeses (Smack Yo Mama) and was by no means disappointed. The Texas toast was thick cut and butter generously. The cheese oozed out. As I said before, this place offers meals for the gluttonous not healthy. I was a big fan of the sweet potato fries (although a bit more seasoning or salt would have been nice) and the side of cinnamon butter (or cream?) was perfect. The tomato soup on the side was an added bonus. Overall I was pleased as were my friends, but again, expect to feel the impending coma. And of course, the added flair of the food led to a slightly higher price than you would expect from a grilled cheese ($11-14), although after eating it, I wouldn't complain. Drinks:Like many establishments, The Yard offered a wide selection of beers including some fantastic stouts. I would say the selection was above average but pricing a bit on the high side for Pittsburgh. Somewhere around $6-8/beer unless you went for the less appealing domestics. Service:A bit slow on a busy Friday night and things were crammed by the bar. But once we were seated, we had quick and friendly service. The waiter offered his recommendations which were spot on.
4	Was just at The Yard yesterday with a friend. We came in later in the afternoon, an hour or two before the dinner rush. We sat at the bar, there was plenty of room there at the time, although not before long it was getting pretty busy. Overall we had a pretty great experience! The bartender was nice and helpful, she seemed busy but did a good job of continuing to check on us. (Didn't catch her name but she was the only one there at the time.) She knew a great deal about craft beers--we were a bit overwhelmed at first, this place has 30+ beers on tap, many that I had never heard of. She asked us what we like to drink, recommended a couple for us to try, and helped us find ones that we really liked! I was happy we could get some insight and to get to try something before committing. My friend (who knows even less than I about beer) was excited to have found two new beers she really liked! We split some appetizers, had the pretzels which were a great portion, served hot with yummy dipping sauces. My friend got the crab soup, she wasn't thrilled with it, but with the other stuff we ordered we had plenty to eat anyhow. She did not realize it was so cheesy, as that wasn't indicated on the menu. We also had a flatbread pizza which was very good. The food took a while, but outside of the wait and the soup we were quite pleased with what we got. My experience at The Yard was very pleasant. I can't speak to any of the more substantial meals or table service since we were at the bar, however, based on the hospitality, beer selection, and value/quality of what we ordered I am sure I will be back sometime soon!
4	I was impressed with this place. Nicely done decor. Server was excellent, very friendly and attentive. My first thought was that the prices were high for a cheese sandwich, but I changed my mind when it came...they are HUGE and packed with toppings. I got the "Big Chebowski" which had cheddar, smoked gouda, bacon, and a fried egg. It was delicious and huge, I barely finished it. They are VERY greasy between the huge amount of cheese and the buttered bread, so beware! I also upgraded the soup to a mac and cheese, and I'll say theirs is probably the best mac and cheese I've had in this city. I'd come in just for that! The fries served with the sandwich are very good, but I'd say they are too heavy for these decadent sandwiches; I might have preferred something like a shoestring fry with this meal.Criticisms...the menu is way too big. I'd rather see a handful of their best selections and maybe a couple daily or weekly specials items. The menu includes snacks, appetizers, and sides which seems like a bit much. And salads. (Who comes to places like this and gets a salad???) My husband had the tomato soup with his sandwich and he said it was nothing special. I'm also very surprised they don't have a "build your own" option.All in all the food and service were excellent and I'll definitely be back in soon.
2	Meh, I just was not a fan.  While the beer listing was extensive and I was able to try some things I've not seen elsewhere, little else impressed me. I had one of the grilled cheese listings from the menu.  Having stated that they get all their ingredients locally sourced and that their grilled cheese selections were their specialty, I was expecting so much more than the sad, boring sandwich I got.  Sorry.  Service and ambiance also quite meh.
4	I gave it a 4 star for one reason, way to loud. Food and service were amazing. They are know for there gourmet grill cheese sandwiches which we both ordered and they were awesome. Came with choice of french fries and tomato soup. We chose the sweet potato fries. Great. Will go back again but not at a time when the bar is packed. Would like to be able to hear each other talk.
1	If you like food that tastes like grease , you'll likeThe Yard!My sandwich was fried green tomatoes, bacon & cheese.  The bacon was not cooked & the tomatoes were laden with grease.  The tomato soup was ugh!My friend had a steak sandwich & cheese.  She said it was awful and left it and the soup.  It's the worst restaurant in Shadyside.Fast food is better than this food!
4	Came here on a Monday for their grilled cheese special with a group of 7. They sat us in this weird dark corner, probably because they were (to my surprise since it was a Monday) quite busy.They seemed to have a nice beer selection, although I can't comment on them much since I got a cider.For appetizers we got pretzels and the poutine. The pretzels were your typical type and the poutine had melted cheese instead of cheese curds and was super heavy but tasty.For my sandwich I got the Wang Chung Tonight on recommendation from our waiter. It was DELICIOUS. I had the biggest smile on my face after trying it. The sandwich itself was huge with buttery bread. It was paired with the parm herb fries which were also very flavorful and tasty. I wasn't the biggest fan of the tomato soup - too salty for me and had some chunks in it.The Breakfast Club and the Big Chewbowski were hits with my dinner mates. We also tried a side of mac and cheese that was super cheesy and super yummy.Would def come back here again, they have specials almost every night and for the amount of food with the Monday special it was extremely affordable. Eight of us ate for about $120 (including drinks).
5	Awesome beer selection, I love the layout of their draft menu. Some food items are for stoners but still look interesting. We got soup, flatbread, lettuce wraps, perogies, and pulled pork sliders-all were amazing except the flatbread. The place is really loud. I enjoyed that, but just so you know.
1	Awful, very greasy grilled cheese & canned tomato soup. This restaurant has a great concept, about 15 different grilled cheeses to pick from however I was so disappointed how terrible the food was. I ordered the fried green tomato grilled cheese with tomato soup & sweet potato fries. The grilled cheese was SO greasy, the fries were soggy & the tomato soup was canned Campbell's Soup or some generic brand (come on, they can't make a tomato soup from scratch). I could barely eat it, I didn't even eat half & couldn't finish. Service was just ok. Didn't have the cleanest feel either. Very disappointed! Do not waste your time or money eating @ The Yard.
4	My friend and I had the yard-cho's bro, the crabby patty and seafood Mac and cheese. Everything was good- nothing to rave about, but I would go back and try it again. I enjoy places that have a large menu for me to pick from. They had so many grilled cheese I wanted to try it was hard to choose! Great prices for everything you get as well, soup and fries included. I'm not sure how new this place is but I definitely think the dining area could have been more decorated. It was very plain. The bar area looked fun though! I almost wish we got to sit there.
4	Came here for brunch a few weeks ago. We were told that there was a $5 flatbread special on Sundays and got the Imperial swine.  It was delicious. I highly recommend their flatbread. I loved the texture. We also got a few entrees and split them. My hubby got the chicken and waffles which were delicious. I really liked the bacon maple syrup. I got one of the grilled cheeses called the Wang chunk tonight, which had this delicious sweet chili chicken on it. I really liked it. I also got it with the cajun fries. I was not really impressed with both the fries or the tomato soup,  but the grilled cheese was so good! We also got dessert (I know dessert at brunch,  but we were full until the next day at dinner time) which was called the because I got high. This is the most decadent and ridiculous dessert I have ever encountered. Everyone should get one to share with 6 friends! Overall I can't wait to go back  and try more of the menu!
4	Great addition to Shadyside! I love the massive beer list, big menu, and bottomless mimosa and Bloody Mary option with the brunch. I had the chicken and waffles today and it was the perfect balance of southern diner meets gourmet gravy with bacon maple syrup. I live around the corner... looking forward to going back.
2	I went there with my girlfriends for Sunday brunch. The coffee was absolutely HORRIBLE! much worst that the instant coffee that I make in the office. surprisingly our waitress knew that the coffee is bad, and she said it is not a good coffee, and she apologized that she could not do anything about it.I got chorizo scramble. It was OK, nothing special. and certainly not spicy enough.The grilled cheese that my friends had were greasy. The bottomless mimosas were mostly juice. One of my friends bough one regular mimosa ($7), which had a much better quality.Anyways, not impressed at all!
2	Bad experience.  Terrible food.  I came with four friends. Three of us had grilled cheese varieties (their specialty), one got a burger, and one got a steak sandwich. We had poutine fries and wings for appetizers. Everything we ate was bad. The burger says well done in the menu. It was raw. Not rare. Raw. The wings were soggy and tasted like liver. The poutine fries had no cheese curds, meaning they were not poutine fries. They were just fries with gravy. And not good gravy. The grilled cheese came with tomato soup which tasted like BBQ sauce and served luke warm. The grilled cheese sandwiches were served on bland Texas toast and were mediocre at best. Additionally, plates would be nice. They serve the sandwiches on cutting boards and we all ended up with crumbs all over us. The sweet potato fries were soggy and luke warm - although to be fair, this is true most places. Sweet potato fries are usually this way. The steak sandwich was disgusting. No seasoning. 10% steak, 90% bread. Two star rating only because the staff was cool and they have good beer on tap. Avoid eating here.
4	OMG! Delicious comfort food. The grilled cheese is amazing. We had the Mac and cheese grilled cheese and the pierogies n at. Grilled cheese. Both were delicious! My only complaint (if it can even be a complaint) is that it was too large. I would prefer a half sandwich option especially since each sandwich comes with a small cup of tomato soup and fries. Again, delicious, but a little overboard.
3	The grilled cheese was pretty good but $18 for all you can drink Bloody Marys is a bit much. I'd try more food there for sure though.
3	Before the calendar struck January 5 (MY official date for New Year's resolutions), I had to get in a grilled cheese at The Yard.  So, off to The Yard I went, eager to see what their grilled cheese menu had in store. The menu is BIG and every single sandwich sounded like grilled cheese heaven.  After much debate, I settled on the SHROOMS, which consisted of provolone, garlic herbed mushrooms, carmelized onions and greens.  My expectations were high. And you know what happens when your expectations are too high...As far as the service at The Yard goes, our server was exceptionally friendly and chipper - always appreciated.  However, on a day that didn't seem all that busy, the wait was fairly extensive.  The company was great so I didn't mind, but 30 minutes for a grilled cheese? I dunno...When our food arrived the sandwiches were hot, but the soup was cold and the fries cold and limp.  I mentioned the soup sitch to our server, who microwaved it and brought it back to the table. It was during her departure that we both noticed the fries and I didn't have the heart to complain about those as well.  And while the sandwich was hot, it honestly didn't have that much cheese, which I thought was strange.  So - hmm - I want to love it here, but I'm afraid that The Yard might be a case of a restaurant that wants to be cool and trendy but is forgetting that the food is really the most important part of a great restaurant experience.  I'm a little sad about it.  Worth 2 stars, but 3 since the menu was so creative.
