1	I went to this place with my wife for an afternoon snack. To summarize everything:Location:-The place was cold, tables crammed together.-Not very appealingFood:-The pizzas choices are very limited and you hardly get any toppings-Ordered Margareta pizza (with etra toppings that you have to pay extra for) and they forgot to put on the basil-Pizza tasted very bland  without sufficiently being seasoned, overall, flavorless-A can of pureed tomatoes on your pizza isn't called "sauce"Price:-Over-priced Do not recommend this place...
4	Food: had an arugula prosciutto pizza with white sauce. I added caramelized onions which were nicely done. The crust was very good. Apparently they import their flour from Italy. Good flavours over all.My friends were also happy with their pizzas as well.  We shared the dolce banana dessert between 3 people and were very happy.Service was reasonable. Location is good but the layout is a little weird. It had similar problems lay out wise as the previous restaurant there. Child friendly atmosphere. Kids get free gelato with their order. Moderately priced. Our pizza was about $16  each. I had leftovers to take home. My Italian soda was $3. Dessert was $9 but large enough to share with three adults and a good amount for each of us.
2	Food:- We hade the Verde Neapolitan Pizza with two appetizers. The pizza was a soggy mess; couldn't eat it with your hands or a fork & knife...a spoon might have been the best option.- The flat bread was not bad, but the hummus was a frozen let down.- The olives were a mixed bag, but overall they were my favourite part of the meal.Service:- The staff was wonderful and generally accommodating.- Unfortunately, the layout of the restaurant is a little strange; you have to fill your own order and wait in line for the tellers to process other customers checking out...felt a little cafeteria-esque and suboptimal.Set your expectations right and you might enjoy it more than I did. I know some people who love their pizzas soggy, perhaps that's the authentic Neapolitan style, but it's definitely not for me.
2	This place has an identity crisis and needs to decide who it is and fast - cafeteria or full serve ? gourmet or processed fast food pizza ? right now it's using "some" canned ingredients .(pineapple / tomatoes etc.) and "processed" (powdered parmesan etc.) toppings - they are displayed on shelves and I asked about them.  Also, the serving method is just bizarre - why walk your order up to a cashier and don't pay yet - you delivered everything else to my table including food - then... I end up paying at the table anyway ??Such a nice restaurant and fine staff - decide who you are and pull the trigger - and please lower your prices if not fresh ingredients and sticking with the 1/3 cafeteria style ?? Such potential - a real shame really.
5	An amazing experience! My girlfriend and I  went here and shared the Siciliana pizza. It was absolutely delicious and a great size for two.We had previously avoided it based on other reviews, but are very happy we decided to go. We have no idea what people are talking about when they say that this isn't authentic. It is very good and authentically Italian. The service was great and we loved the atmosphere.We definitely plan on going again!
5	Love this place. Amazing pizza and the best margarita's I've ever had! They're super fresh and definitely a cool spot to have a drink w friends on a patio.
4	Pizzas are expensive, but they're worth it. I had the Cavoletti and it was a bit crispier than I like on the bottom, but the toppings is an unexpectedly tasty combination. Thanks to the staff who recommended it! You can see the kitchen staff making the pizza (including tossing the pizza dough!), as the kitchen is open concept, as is the large bell oven imported from Italy.I never thought you could build a premium-looking pizza box, but Famoso did it, with some very sharp looking dark boxes - stark contrast to the bright and colourful of cheaper pizza joints. Definitely an interesting way to differentiate.
