3	Their Jasmine Milk Green Tea is milk and powder. I vouch that their mixing method is quite good as you do not get bits of powder, which means they know how to melt the powder first before mixing, but there was a lack of the taste of tea in the drink. Their Taro Milk Tea is somewhat appetizing and their tea has a roasted taste to it. It could be that they use a roasted tea. Their place is very clean. The staff is friendly. Their price is reasonable. They are also having 50% off right now until June 30th.
5	This review is for the fresh watermelon smoothie with boba and strawberry kiwi smoothie. For two out of town guests not used to the desert humidity, Fresh Cup was a refreshing relief. Boyfriend and I were exploring Mountain View plaza after he got his haircut. After wandering around all the stores and buying various items we were hot and weary from the heat. Boyfriend went to the car to turn on AC first for me but decided to make a pit stop at Fresh Cup to see the offerings. (normally I would be pissed he made a detour but once in a while he makes a good choice-like me!) He was greeted by the friendly staff and offered samples to try. After mulling over all the options we decided on the beverages mentioned above. Boy were they tasty. The cashier also noted the boba was freshly made on site and we def could tell a difference. I've never had boba so soft and chewy before almost like munching on a gummy candy. Both drinks were equally delicious and you could tell it was fresh fruit. I'm glad boyfriend made a detour this time...
1	First of all, I went to the store and ordered their milk tea. I could tell that it was old because it had a peculiar taste. It wasn't appetizing and I drank maybe a fourth and threw the rest away. My friend got the honeydew boba and it just tasted like powder. This wasn't the end. The service was awful and I was given attitude. I walked into the store and did not know what I wanted to order. After taking about five minutes to order (no other customers were inside the store) they started giving me looks and gave me a fit about taking too long. I found this very rude. The waitresses were far younger than I was and looked about 14. It was probably the worst service and quality that I have ever had when it comes to boba/smoothies. I do not recommend that anyone goes and has to go through the troubles that I had to go through.
5	Fresh cup is a refreshing new boba place right in central Las Vegas! I stepped in and already loved the atmosphere. The place was clean, cute, and I was immediately greeted by the friendly staff! I got the Thai Tea blended with egg pudding and boba. Their boba was cooked PERFECTLY! It was up to par with Half and Half, which I frequently visit in SoCal! The drink was overall a refreshing way to cool down from the hot Vegas heat!
5	I was picking up a few things at Walgreens (it's across the street) and I just happened to spot this place as I was getting back in my car. And I was so happy to see that a new cool boba/smoothie/coffee place was opening close to me. So, I went to Fresh Cup a few days ago and I really like it! I had the watermelon smoothie and it was delicious and tasted so fresh. I know that there are a bunch of drink places in the area, but I like this place because it has easy parking. Fresh Cup is clean and neat on the inside and the staff is really nice. I haven't had any food, but I will be back soon to check it out! Go chech this place out!
4	The teas here aren't too sweet which is a delightful find. I got the peach green tea and the red bean smoothie. The peach still had the bitterness of the green tea which I really like. The Boba was soft and chewy. The red bean smoothie was smooth without chunks of red bean and ice which is common at other Boba places. It was also very creamy and had the flavor still in it. Also, the smoothies use mostly fresh fruit. I think the other drinks use powder or syrup. The service is still new and fresh, so expect some small mistakes in orders.
5	Cute little place on the corner of Spring Mtn. and Jones, across the way from Cafe Moda. It reminds me of my favorite place in SoCal, Little Saigon/Seoul: cozy atmosphere with good drinks for a reasonable price. F.C. has a nice hang-out vibe- k-pop posters on color walls, two? TVs playing k-pop mvs (when I was there)- and the service is very friendly. I'm a bit of a stickler with boba here, I've found it difficult to find similarly good boba drinks (needs a certain level of squish and flavor) for reasonable prices like in SoCal (where I feel there's heavier competition for boba places). You get both here. Bought two large boba teas for $3.95 (50%). Of course, with the economy, the prices may not stay the same. My peach tea was great, and I definitely did appreciate it being less sweet/syrupy. My brother, also picky, liked the almond milk tea. He even bothered to ask where I got it (he's not much of a talker). Boba's a little on the soft side but still got a nice level of squish and held up well even after an hour (I'm a slow drinker). Great place overall, I hope to go back soon and try some of their snack foods. :)
4	i ordered a thai tea with boba and egg pudding for 2.36 (50% till 6/30/12)- cheap! good flavor for a decent price.- like half-half? LOL. no way. i agree the boba is soft and chewy, but they don't got different flavors of boba. also, doesn't have much flavor. total over-statement, but still good tho. not taiwanese, but korean. probably the best you can get in LV still- egg pudding is flavorless. lacks texture and $.70!?  - free-wifi and nice place to hang out. friendly.- i'd come back, but i'm sure my mind would change a bit having to pay full price.- can't compare socal boba to lv boba. impossible.honey milk tea with boba and lychee tea with lychee for ~4.- great flavor. - yummy lychee pieces. soft yet still has a crunch. lovely.
5	Fresh Cup went into the space that used to be E-Jo Korean restaurant. I was disappointed to see that my normal Korean breakfast place closed down, but after trying their avocado smoothie, I am not too bummed. Even though the kitchen is mostly closed off, I was able to see that they used a full avocado in the drink. As I took the first sip, all that ran through my head was perfection. The smoothie was creamy and not too sweet which is a plus. There have been times where I order a drink, at other places, and cannot get myself to finish a quarter of it because it is too powdery or sugary. The inside is decorated with bright colors and plenty of K-Pop posters. On the TVs they also broadcast Korean channels. If you are looking for a place to come and watch your favorite Korean music programs while socializing with friends, this is the perfect place.
5	Like OMG this is completely comparable to SoCal boba because as we all know we have to rate things based off of other places in other states in which their is 10x more people and obviously 10x more competition so naturally the chances of finding SoCal boba is near impossible!!111 Like OMG BUT I FOUNDSZZZ IT!I originally wanted to make this a simple review since this is a small simple establishment, but I get irked by that stuff.Anyways, Fresh Cup is my new favorite place to get boba when I am in that part of town, I used to go to tea station quite often but outside of their questionable *cough*racist*cough* service at times and decent boba.  I have seen the light!Fresh cup has a smaller selection of items but they make sure they make damn good boba. It's pretty cheap in general, $3.15 for a large smoothie boba, hell yeah.  It's a nice relaxing atmosphere and the lines aren't that big nor I have to wait 15 minutes to get my boba. The staff is super friendly, I hope this new establishment sticks around for awhile.I am a fan.  I've been here a few times and I haven't been all, "son i am disappoint" yet, so kudos!#ImToOldToChangeMyOpinion
5	It's not like I can tell if their boba is really better than any other places but Fresh Cup definitely has some things going for it.-Friendly staff-Clean and respectable looking dining area- Free wi-fi- And all the K-Pop posters and KTV on all the screens!  This stuff kills me.  The fashion, the songs, the 40 person singing groups, definitely nothing I normally watch so it's a great way to pass the time while they're making your drink.It's all just soooo welcoming and kind of makes you want to stay a while unlike most boba joints in town.  Great place to shoot the breeze when it's 108 degrees out!
3	Friendly staff, clean environmentTheir ventilation isn't too great.   It  had a strong smell of fried food and we stayed there for a little over an hr and the smell didnt even fade away.The drinks are good but my drink and my friends's drinks at the bottom it was super sweet.
5	Wow... The Watermelon Slushie is summers best refreshment! Icy, juicy, bursting with sweetness!  I slurped that baby up in minutes. Can I get another one please?! The Taro Milk Tea was great too. Boba is done just right.Very friendly and super service. Do try!Tip: Stamp cards available
5	In a town where there is a boba tea shop on practically every corner, well at least on the west side of town that's true, a place has to be outstanding to justify driving the extra distance to go there. Luckily this place is worth the extra effort in getting there. The quality and selection of beverages is fantastic. They also serve ramen and snacks. I had the Volcano Ramen, which was very tasty and well presented. The service was friendly and quick. I only see a few negatives. Located on Jones and Spring Mountain, it's not in the most trendy part of Chinatown, but that does contribute to the many parking spaces that are available. The decor is on the plain side, but the low prices make up for it. My large taro smoothy, about 20 ounces, cost $3.15 plus tax. If you're in the mood for more than a snack, I recommend going to eat at one of the many restaurants in the immediate area then come here for dessert. If boba teas are not your idea of dessert, then have one of the shaved ice or snow (fluffy) ice desserts.BTW, there is a $5 minimum credit card purchase amount.
5	Fresh Cup is hands down the best boba joint in Vegas. Excellent service and drinks. Fresh Cup is very clean, staff is very attentive and will bend over backwards to help you, everything on the menu is very inexpensive, not as crowded as its sister store(Volcano Tea), make sure to get a card, purchase 10 items on the menu and get a free medium drink, plenty of parking, close to 168, jones market, and excellent restaurants like Asian BBQ and Noodles, HK Star, and Wendy's Noodle Cafe. Fresh Cup also has free wifi. it is a good place to meet people or to get some work done.
5	This is my absolute place to go for when I can just chillax and to have boba. It's so much quieter than Icy Juicy so I much prefer to be here. I love the amazing staff, too!They have stamp cards and 20% off coupons on their website. I'm here more than any other place :).
4	New boba place?! Sign me up. I frequent the 168 market place a lot so I was really excited when this boba place popped up. The inside is very clean and simple with a few tables and chairs. Ordered a boba milk tea togo. Service was really slow maybe because they just opened. I really like how this place is cheap and clean however the boba milk tea I got was just a tad bit over sweet. Once they perfect their products, I'm sure this place will boom!
5	This is weird to admit, but before I was dragged to Fresh Cup by fellow Yelper Joey M. I was a boba virgin. Just the idea of textured balls in my drink made me a bit creeped out but I was strong and fought through my gagging to visit Fresh Cup.Upon entering fresh cup Joey M. and I realized we were definitely the only non-Asian customers but we weren't treated any differently which is  fairly refreshing when you dine on Spring Mountain.The list of smoothies is long and there are so many intriguingly delicious from Kiwi to Lychee to Taro. They also have all the basic flavors so you don't have to get too crazy if you're trying it for the first time(HONEYDEW=THE NUTS). After trying a boba smoothie that first time I was back at least 3-4 times within 2 weeks to try new flavors.Fresh Cup also has a sweet rewards program which gives you free smoothies every once in a while and as a Jew I can't hate on free stuff. YAY FREE STUFF!
1	this place is alright, but i didn't like it.  i came here because i was having a shaved ice craving and this place seemed to have the taiwanese shaved ice that i was looking for.  upon walking in you will realize that this place is a lot smaller than it looks from the outside.  there are kpop posters posted all over the walls and kpop concerts playing on the television.  if you are a fan, then you will probably love it here.. but i found it a little annoying.  also, they speak english here unlike icy juicy.i ordered a fresh cup shaved ice (red bean, tapioca pearls, and fruits) and a jasmine milk tea with boba.  the ice was about 4 dollars (comparatively cheap!) and some change and the milk tea was about 3 dollars (comparatively not cheap!).  the milk tea was very diluted.. like drinking sweetened milk with very little tea taste.  some people actually enjoy their boba like that though so.. i guess i shouldn't say anything.  when the shaved ice came out, it was almost completely melted.. like a bunch of fruits sitting on top of mushy water topped with condensed milk.  after complaining to who i assumed the owner was, they brought us out a new plate and explained that it melted the first time because of the condensed milk.  one star for their sincere attempt at customer service.WELLLL... they solved the melting problem but they only put a little bit of condensed milk on the fruits, and none at all on the ice.  i don't think anyone likes to eat unflavored ice (which was hard and crunchy rather than a nice smooth texture).  i didn't want to complain a second time so i just sucked it up and ate it.  the fruits (banana, kiwi, mango, watermelon, strawberry) were nice and fresh and the red bean was tasty and sweet.  the boba pearls were alright.. i don't care for them.  however, fresh fruits is what should be expected so no additional stars for that.overall, i don't think i'll come here again for shaved ice because i like my ice flavored.  even though the fruits were good, i'd rather just take my four dollars and go to the super market to buy my own fresh fruits.  or i'll just go to icy juicy for their shaved ice.p.s. minimum for card has been changed to $5
4	Wow talk about an identity crisis. I can't tell if this place is inspired by Taiwanese Korean or Japanese.Regardless its a cute little place to grab a cold drink after sweating in my car because I forgot to roll down the windows a bit for ventilation.The passion fruit (yeah I always get passion fruit) smoothie is refreshing but a bit on the sweet side. Not holding it against them as I know how hard it is to get fresh passion fruit in this could try. Due to my not eating I also tagged on a Vegas Ramen with a side of kim chi. Again the whole identity crisis bit comes into play. Taiwanese inspired drink, Japanese inspired noodles, Korean pickled cabbage, pop boy band videos on the flat screens...The Ramen wasn't all that great. It was pretty much instant ramen with a little too much water and some red chili slices added. Not a lot of toppings but a lot of spicy options.
5	I love Fresh Cup!  It's my absolute favorite boba place.  I use to frequent Icy Juice, but that place isn't as nice.  I love their smoothies and drinks.  They will customize your drink for you if you prefer it less sweet, which I do.  They even offered to remake it if I felt that it was too sweet.  Their  ramen is good.  You can add different types of toppings to it.  I love the rice cakes.  =] I love to site at Fresh Cup and read with a good drink.  Their bulgogi burrito is pretty tasty, too.  It's not too sweet which most bulgogi is.  They have the best shaved ice in Vegas.  I love all the fresh fruit that they have.  They pour condensed milk over the ice and then load it with tons of fruit!  It's amazing.  You must try it!  The first time I had the Fresh Cup shaved ice, but then I didn't really like the red bean.  The fruit shaved ice tastes really delicious! They have really good customer service.  They will not kick you out of the store even when it's past closing time.  I normally don't stay late, but there were others in the store.
1	I felt I was having a bad dream the whole time I was eating here.I was hungary, and in mood for shaved ice.We ordered the fruit ice, a bulgogi burrito, and a spicy ramen.When they girl gave me the bulgogi burrito, it fitted right in her palm, and she has a small hand. $2 for 2 bites of dry tortilla and bulgogi without any salsa and cilantro. It was a joke. I was told no meat in ramen, that's fine. But I was not told that my ramen is going to look and taste like instant noodle(Shin Ramen). If I knew that, I would have gone home and cook it with microwave. I would not have to pay $6 for that.The shaved ice was not bad, only thing was we had to ask more condensed milk for our ice. I guess only we like things on the sweet side when eating dessert.If I am ever return to this place again, please wake me up from my nighmare.
4	One of the best shaved ice in town, reasonably priced too!  THEIR BOBA IS THE BEST in Vegas (just the right Goldilocks texture, not too hard and not too soft but just right). Plus you get complementary J-POP and K-POP decor and AYCE reruns of their "live" performances on TV while you enjoy a refreshing snack.  Order is taken and delivered by a very cute and friendly staff (free on the house).On a side note. I hope the owner will perfect the Snow Ice portion of the menu, as that was what I originally came in for with out of town friends in tow, but the texture of the shaved ice did not meet her standard so it was and will remain off their menu until she is satisfied with how it shold be served.This is going to be one of my favorite place to relax when the temperature goes back to triple digits again for the rest of the summer.Price/Value:  4.5/5.  Very reasonable.Ambiance:  4/5.  If you close your eyes, while you have a mouthful of their Fresh Cup Shaved Ice or Fruit Shaved Ice, you can almost feel like you are in Taiwan.  Without having to spend the $1200+ and 19 hour trip time to fly their.Location:  If you are near the Las Vegas Chinatown area, this is close enough for you to stop by and get some refreshing snack.Parking:  5/5  Plenty.
4	It's never packed when I go.. which is a good and bad thing.Sometimes, I like my cafes with some ambient noise or a bustling social gathering.  This place is good to meet up with friends and to pass time; a small and compact place to just sit and talk and maybe do some work.This is the ONLY boba place in town which offers my now-favorite flavor, duo duo. The taste is very similar to the tiny yogurt drinks that come in tiny plastic bottles with a foil lid.Aside from the boba drinks, which are always good (yes, I've tried the other flavors other than duo duo), they play A LOT of kpop.  Interesting.
4	This place used to be a full scale korean restaurant. Now it is a smoothie place. Had the avocado smoothie after seeing the positive reviews on this drink. What I liked about it was as soon as it hit your mouth, you tasted real avocado. Not just a little bit , but it tasted just like eating a ripe avocado. It was very smooth and cold. Also, they put Kpop music on the tv, and being a big fan of kpop, I appreciated it.
5	LOVED IT!Really great service! They were all super nice, from the young man at the register, to the older ladies in  the back. Had the "teriyaki" lunch plates with my bf. He got spicy pork, and I opted for the bulgogi, both were good for the size and price! We also got a large boba milk tea with combo pudding (taro, egg, and milk pudding) and it was SO GOOD. I love my boba milk tea, and this place was great! It challenged my love for Good Foot, as the boba here at Fresh Cup was soft, and the flavor of their milk tea was not too sweet. (Looks like I have two options when I'm craving =o] )Would go back here in a second. The cute decor and constant K-pop make this placer an ideal hang out spot for just you by yourself (I'm thinking study sesh), or with a few friends.
1	I've gone to this establishment two other times and had no issues. However there is a first time for everything. I stopped by today at around noon, ordered a Coconut Milk Tea with Boba. To be told they have run out of Boba. This was definitely the last time I go here. I'm still shocked at how a place runs our of Boba 2 hours after opening. I will stick to No. 1 Boba Tea.
5	Ok, so it's a Saturday night and I'm craving my two favorite things -- boba and sushi.  I figure, I'll go pick up some boba and then swing by Sushi Factory and order something to go since it's on the way home.  I haven't been to Fresh Cup in a while and remembered they offered food as well so I thought I might try something there.  Suddenly a light shone from above... "save your gas and time, Christine... " *cue angelic music* They had SUSHI on their menu!  Now when you walk into this place it's looks like all of Asia exploded in it (I think it's cute and charming lol) so the different types of Asian foods offered didn't surprise me, but I admit... I haven't really seen a sushi/boba combo place anywhere that I can think of -- I was excited yet kind of scared at the same time...Anyway, I ordered the Batman Roll for $5 without really knowing what it was, and my usual Taro milk tea with taro pudding and boba.  I drove home wondering how the sushi would be and if I might wake up with a belly ache... Well, to my delightful surprise the roll was EXCELLENT!  It was the perfect portion and it tasted super fresh -- like it was from a sushi bar!  The boba was perfect and their taro pudding was especially good tonight!  Also, their customer service was great -- really friendly staff.  I didn't wait too long for my food but even then the girl apologized for the wait.  I will definitely be coming back to try their other food choices!5 stars from my happy belly!
5	I sip their avocado smoothie as I am writing this review. The texture of the smoothie is perfect- creamy and smooth with no ice chunks. You can really taste the avocado in here, which i LOVE. Also, I had tried the grape slush, which was good, but of course has an artificial grape taste, though I don't really know another way to make grape slush since real grapes don't have too much flavor. It was good though, so I guess i like artificial grapes. There's a minimum $5 for credit card transactions. The service here is really nice and they always greet you when you walk through the door :)
4	I've ordered the jelly juice drinks, green apple green tea and the bulgogi box. Beverages are pretty decent. Bulgogi box portions are pretty good, except the rice wasn't enough, the salad was good and bulgogi itself was pretty good though. My family and I were there for well over an hour. The staff greeted us kindly as we had entered the building, they had also said good bye and thank you as well. Reason I am giving them 4 stars, customer service are always first for me.   I'll be coming back to eat from time to time. Only complaint I have is that it was warm when I was in there.
5	I have to say Fresh Cup makes the best passion fruit green tea in Las Vegas. I'm a huge fan of passion fruit tea and I've tried every boba place in Las Vegas, they're either too sweet or too bitter. I've finally found my #1 passion fruit tea in Vegas! Their drinks are fantastic! Therefore, price is fair and reasonable. Great service and a great place to eat, drink, and chill!
4	I had their honeydew boba smoothie and I loved it got to go back to try some more of thier menu
4	Came for a after dinner treat with the BF and cousin based on the positive reviews. I ordered a hot almond milk tea (tiny surcharge for hot over iced) with boba. It was a pretty solid hot milk tea and their boba had a good chew and sweetness to it. The BF wanted a shave ice and grabbed the mixed fruit which had mangoes, watermelon, kiwi, strawberry, bananas in it,  topped with condense milk and we added a scoop of ice cream. This was okay, it was plentiful but I think next time some red bean would be good with it to add some richness and texture. Prices are reasonable here for what you get.It's casual counter service, but they are pretty friendly here.There's wifi, k-pop on the TV and usually I like to think of cafes a place to stay a while but their seats are just typical wood seats. Not uncomfortable right off, but not something I want to sit on and do some work either. I'd come back again for a drink.
5	One of the best and most friendly boba places in town!They have a wide variety of flavors you can pick from, and they will even let you mix and match if you are feeling adventurous!  My favorite combination would be the vanilla smoothie with egg pudding. They just compliment each other SO well. Since it's a cold drink, it's like the two flavors are having an elegant ice dance on your tongue! Oh, and don't forget your stamp card! Each drink comes witha stamp. After ten stamps, you will be rewarded with a free drink (or discount off your meal) with a value of $3 or less!Oh, they also have food/snacks your tummy is a but on the empty side. =PDefinitely a must try if you've never been!
4	Super nice people work here.  My honey milk tea with boba was awesome.
4	Have you ever been wondering around Chinatown and it came into your head that you just really need to eat? But so don't want to pay some of the higher prices? Well that was me the other day, driving around trying to find a new place to try out that wouldn't make my wallet try. That's how I found this cute little store , the Fresh Cup.It's a small little place that would probably fit at max 20 people. They show K-pop most of the time and the posters on the wall are a mix of what they have to eat and Girls Generation.Try the bulgolgi beef box. Lots of food for the price I'd say. Next time I stop in there which I plan to, I will grab myself some boba and try out the teriyaki salmon since its the same price as the chicken.
5	Good cheap drinks and not crowded, unlike icy juicy across the street.
5	Awesome place to come and take a little break with your friends and family away from the strip. They serve very good drinks and tasty small dishes. They are new and provide excellent services. The workers there are very friendly. I always look for good deals and found one here:http://www.restaurant.com/fresh-cup-cafe-las-vegas-asian-restaurant-pid=163525I will definitely come back to use this deal when I visit las vegas again.
4	it's improved a lot.  the drinks are good but a little more pricey than the other places in chinatown.  it's clean.  the food is pretty good and the portion was big.  make sure you check your order to see if its right before you leave!
4	I stumbled into this fun spot for a meeting. I enjoy looking at buildings and trying to decipher what business previously occupied the space. This particular structure looks like Fresh Cup was formerly a Taco Bell; however, there are no tacos being served here- just wonderful beverages (and meals)! I'll give any place that claims to make good boba smoothies a chance. I normally order my standard Taro Milk Smoothie w/boba. I know what a good one tastes like! Although it was very cold outside and somewhat chilly inside the cafe, I still ordered my standard chilled favorite. They got it right! The flavor was delightful and the tapioca was very fresh; which is crucial for me! I devoured the entire drink and I even ate all of the tapioca during the meeting! Thanks Fresh Cup! See you again, soon.Sincerely,Deven C.
5	Granted there was no one else there at 3pm, but in and out of here in less than a minute with my taro milk tea order? You got to love that. I have definitely been in some places in Vegas and the Bay Area where I'm the only person there and my drink still takes forever to make. I grabbed my drink to go, but it looked like there was plenty of seating and wi-fi available. They still has a grand opening sign up, but the guy told me they've been opened since June. I'll definitely be back here for boba and to try their other menu items if I'm around Chinatown.
5	Alternative to Tea Station, I come here a lot now. It's really cheap and quiet. They are located in the same plaza as Wendy's Noodle Cafe and 168 market on Jones and Spring Mountain. They have food now, which I haven't tried. I just usually get a smoothie and sit down to read. It's a nice place to sit down and hang out with friends. I usually ask them to water down the smoothies as they're too sweet for me. The service is amazing here. If you need anything, just let them know, and they'll try their best to accommodate anyone and everyone!Be sure to get a stamp card! If you're a UNLV student they give you 10% off discount as well. =]
5	I THINK I JUST FOUND MY GO TO PLACE FOR AVOCADO SMOOTHIE WITH BOBA!I just literally got home from there and went straight to my laptop to type this review! Originally I just wanted to check out their boba drinks so I wanted to try their avocado smoothie with boba. But when I got there, I noticed that they had many other choices like sushi, teriyaki, and katsu.As I approach the counter, I am greeted with all smiles and a warm welcome. Already I am getting good vibes from the aura that I am feeling from the Fresh Cup peeps.So I order my above mentioned favorite hoping that it is decent. When they called me up to get my drink, it turns out that they made mango instead of avocado. Now im not sure if they misunderstood me when I asked about their mango, but what happened next truly impressed me and definitely won me over in giving my business to them. When I said I thought I ordered avocado, they apologized and said they will make the correct order right away. They said to go ahead and keep the mango to try. It was good but I have always been an avocado afficionado. I appreciated the fact that they apologized and quickly corrected the situation with no questions asked. As for the avocado smoothie, WOW! It's exactly what im looking for! The boba was soft and chewy. Im in love! Some tidbits. 10 dollar minimum for cards. Free wifi. Open til 11pm fri and sat. Til 10 sun thru thurs. Plenty of parking. Bottom line is, I just noticed this place the other day and decided to check it out without looking at any Yelp reviews because I wanted to find out on my own what they were all about. Wasnt surprised that it was averaging 4 and a half stars. I gotta say that it has more than exceeded my expectations and that I am already planning out my next check in.For more info on their menu check out their website www.fresh-cupcafe.com
5	This is my favorite place for Boba, smoothie, milk tea, and tea drinks.  The people inside working are always nice and friendly. One of my favorite drinks is chocolate milk tea with coffee jelly.  So good!!!  My wife loves the peach green tea. I had the watermelon smoothie today, it was awesome.  Check it out.
5	I have been to Fresh Cup several times now and just tried the sushi the other day and I have to say... Yum! I would frequent this place were it closer to me. Milk teas are my new favorite thing since I moved to Vegas and there is no shortage of flavored here. I had lychee the other day and considering it tasted like the delicious penicillin I used to get at the doctor's office when I constantly had steep throat as a small child, I will always get this on future visits. (What, admiring the taste of your childhood medicine is weird? You're weird. Your mom's weird.)I had one of the specialty rolls--a steal at $6.99. It more than filled me up, especially with my penicillin tea, but I still ate most of it.They do have a $5 minimum on credit cards so eat up! Also they are raffling off an iPad--entry if you spend more than $10!
5	Food was good.  The spicy pork, bulgogi boxes were delicious.  The spider roll and hot summer rolls were good.  The service was excellent.  A very friendly environment.  Went there twice during our visit to Vegas.  The prices were reasonable.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 50/100Bookburying in the library left me hungry today. Not a good combination with the ghastly winds (and short-lived drizzles!) To cozy up and simmer down the rest of our day, a good galpal of mine and I came here right after my last class ended, sifting through yelp recommendations beforehand. This isn't your typical Sambalatte or even Starbucks Cafe. Think more along the lines of Tea Station - rice bowls and boba. I kept the boba for next time but settled with a Kalbi Beef BBQ Bento-ish set which included rice, potato salad, greens, deep fried sweet potatoes and the Kalbi. The staff was prompt and kept their service casual & friendly. Also, I'm impressed with the great maintenance of hygienic conditions here. Place felt spotless. My friend ordered an avocado boba and she nodded her head in approval. We sat here for about 4 hours or so and luckily didn't get any raised eyebrows for it. Already planning to come back and get ahold of some boba.
5	Went here yesterday and all I can say is WOW! This place blew me away! Amazing customer service, clean, and very cute. I ordered the spicy bulgogi pork plate and my boyfriend ordered the bulgogi meat plate. It comes with the meat, rice, tempura, miso soup, and a salad. Great portion for only $7.99. We also ordered to share, a fresh cup shaved ice $4.95 , taro milk boba ( I believe was $3) , and spicy tuna rolls $4.99.So happy we went here!!! The workers were so nice and very friendly. And the food was superb! We will definitely be back again :)
5	Recommended: Boba Milk Tea, Fruit Shaved IceFruit. Shaved. Ice.  It's like someone tore off a piece of cloud from heaven and poured diced fruit and condensed milk all over it.
5	As a big fan of Bingsoo, shaved iced, and deliciousness, I stumbled upon this on Yelp while looking up another place across the street. Good thing I relied on fellow reviewers and my desire for something new, but I was not disappointed. The first time we visited, I came with two others and had each ordered individual Fresh Cups (shaved ice, milk, red bean, and a large variety of fresh fruits. To our surprise, it was HUGE!! We each had a boatload of deliciousness in front of us! The next few visits there, I had purchased a few boxes--all perfect portions and oh, so yummy. The spicy sesame chicken is surprisingly HOT enough to open up your nasal passages. Give it a try!
4	4.5 starsThis may be one of my new favorite boba places. The boba was awesome! The boba was still soft even though I got a cold drink and it was still soft 30 min later.  I ordered a mango slushie and although it was a tad bit too sweet (hence the 4.5 stars) it still rocked my socks off. There seems to be a good selection of snacks too for a decent price. My husband loved loved his boba-ccino and he slurped that down really quick. Overall I think this place is awesome and I know I will be back
5	I happened upon this place while on my way to my usual boba tea spot, The Tea Station, which is usually excellent, and they convinced me to try their boba tea, and brought me a small free sample.  I am very picky about boba tea, and was pleasantly surprised by this sample--the boba was perfect in texture and sweetness, and the jasmine milk tea was excellent!  I ordered a boba tea there instead, and since then I've been back several times!  Their prices are better and the tea & boba have been really good every time.  The staff is very friendly and bend over backwards to make sure you're happy--real "American" customer service.  I highly recommend this place for the boba tea, and the food looks really good too.
5	Just like the crystal meth that Walter White and Jesse Pinkman make, its crystal CLEAR that Fresh Cup is the best for your milk teas. Maybe they should rename their business to Meth Cup. I don't know what it is, but their Jasmine milk tea is superb, like it spits in the face of the other businesses here. Maybe they use some super quality tea, or maybe meth. Uh oh I hope this doesn't get flag for drug references. Anyways! My other solid pickings are the lemon green tea and the duo duo. Duo Duo taste like the Yakult, those little Asian yogurt drinks. Their tapioca balls/boba is great, not too sweet and soft, but a solid middle. They don't have a lot of those fancy teas that some other businesses have, BUT they do have free wifi (unlimited), various random Asian food (bentos, ramen, sushi etc), stamp cards, low prices, a quiet environment for studying, and ample parking spaces. There is a $5 minimum for card usage though so carry cash!Service is friendly and typically quick.
5	I went for the shaved ice yesterday based on reviewers' pics. They looked so good! It was delicious and refreshing, the perfect treat for the super hot day...117 degrees! I will go again, probably today. I want to try the milk teas!
5	the boba is bomb...they also have things like sushi rolls and food if you want food too..we come here all the time
4	When I first saw this cafe, I was curious of what food it sold. I took a look at the posters outside of the cafe and saw a bunch of pictures on Korean and Japanese food! Two of my favorite kinds of foods! I went there just to try their food. Since I wasn't so familiar with Korean and Japanese food, my friends and I ordered three foods to try: the BBQ bulgogi plate, the salmon teriyaki plate, and bibimbap style Katsu. All ca,e with rice, soup, and salad. It was really good! The food was not bad. The boba they sold there was decent. :) Give this restaurant a go! You'll be listening to kpop in the background.
4	I was anxious to try this place. Some friends have been here and I always want to try something different (especially if everyone says it's great! I decided to order their passion fruit tea (to quench my thirst) and the Kalbi to go plate. Their passion fruit boboa was the right amount of sweet and tangy. The boboa balls were sweet and chewy and the passion fruit reminded me of the Smarties candy.The Kalbi to go plate came with miso soup, salad and macaroni salad. The salad had this mild spicy sauce and the Kalbi was tender and flavorful. The cafe is a nice spot to hang out or meet up with some friends. I definitely have to try their sushi the next time I stop by!
4	Fresh Cup is great! Naturally, it is among the many new and awesome places my husband and I have discovered just weeks before we move out of state. OH WELL.I like the strawberry banana smoothie with boba (it is very fresh and juicy and craveable) and they have a large selection of tasty food, as well. My husband tried their sushi and enjoyed it very much, and I got an order of agedashi tofu which was delicious, as well.I will be back for more boba and tasty treats before we move!
5	The strawberry milk tea has the wow factor. Great boba and yummy Thai tea. Great customer service too!They also have a lot of food choices, so you can come here hungry as well.I def would recommend this place to friends and family.
3	Having dropped in 1.5 times (0.5 because I forgot my wallet there), and drinking an avocado smoothie - I approve. Though, contrary to Michael K, I thought it tasted absolutely nothing like an avocado. Despite this, I actually liked it. I have no idea why. I thought, "melon? Wait, didn't I order avocado? It's ok. This is good." A little sweet, but good.They seem really friendly and their menu seems to have a lot of variety. There is Korean food if you're hungry while browsing for a drink. I'll have to try some stuff and update this! Til then...
5	Mmmm I usually stop by here after 168 grocery shopping
4	Most of the staff are friendly. their Avocado smoothie with coffee jelly is Yummmy... their sushi rolls arent that bad...but it sure does take a LONG while to get your food.
5	Love the strawberry milk tea and boba milk tea. Staff re so friendly,love this place! We will be back soon :)
5	Easily one of the friendliest wait staff and service by far when it comes to these kind of cafes. The drinks also match the service. I haven't been disappointed once! Come for the food and drinks, stay for the friendly service.
4	My honey wanted to treat me to boba after spending several hours studying, so he brought me here and I am glad he did! I went ahead and tried the papaya boba. I had never seen that flavor before. I'm not the biggest fan of papaya, but I do love when I get a sweet papaya. The drink wasn't overly sweet (hooray!) and I just really liked how it tasted. After the girl made my drink, she let me have a taste to see if I liked the amount of sweetness. I did! I also had the Hot Night Roll: avocado crab, spicy tuna and shrimp tempura. I've had spicy tuna before and I love it, but I have never had it as hot as I did this night! The roll tasted great, but too much spice for me! My honey ordered the chicken Yakisoba appetizer, the breaded chicken cutlet, and a strawberry smoothie, all of which he loved. Three food items and two large drinks = $30. They have a great variety of drinks and food to choose from and their service is great! Thanks for a nice late night meal.
2	First thing's first, there is a $5 minimum if you want to slide your CC. Now, if you're there for boba and want to slide, I'm sorry to tell but you're gonna have to get two drinks. If you'r there for food, well, you have no issues!My review is strictly for their drinks -- boba or not. Now, I recently moved from California so their variety of flavors doesn't really do much for me. I've seen it plenty of times. Their regular sizes are about $3.22 and their larges are about $4 (?) I haven't ordered any larges so I'm unfamiliar with the price. +1 for them for having egg pudding as one of the choices. I love egg pudding in my milk tea and it was hard for me to find a place that had it as a choice in the Bay Area. It was probably more prominent in SoCal versus NorCal. It tasted like egg pudding too! (Trust me, I've tried egg pudding that wasn't egg pudding.)Now comes the real deal. I've been to Fresh Cup three times and all three times, my Jasmine Milk Tea tasted different. Visit #1: Jasmine Milk Tea with egg pudding. My first visit was actually really good. I was surprised that the balance of jasmine tea, milk, and sugar was on point. I could clearly taste that it was jasmine and the milk/sugar combo did not kill the tea taste. Whoever mixed this drink for me has my thumbs up. Visit #2: Jasmine Milk Tea with egg pudding. Whoever mixed this clearly likes diabetes in a cup. There was NO jasmine tea flavor. The milk and sugar covered up any other flavors in this. It was like drinking water, milk, and sugar mixed in a cup. HORRIBLE. Also had a Mango Green Tea with boba. Yup. Definitely diabetes in a cup. The mango syrup killed everything. It was mango syrup water to me. Visit #3: Jasmine Milk Tea with less sugar. Nope. No jasmine flavor. No tea flavor. It was just milk with less overpowering sweetness. I'm not sure if I wanna go back for a #4 or #5 visit. Honestly, I do like their prices -- it's possibly the lowest in Las Vegas. I mean, tea station charges you almost $5 for a regular but then again ... quality. What I really want to do is find who mixed my drink on my first visit, take down their name, and always go back to them. Granted, I may just find another place instead. Oh and they do have a stamp system. However, the workers that work there never pointed that out to me or asked me if I had one. I didn't find out until on my third visit, my best friend took her stamp card out. Three separate visits and no mention of any stamp card. Great job. You could say that I should've read more yelp reviews but I didn't go to Fresh Cup because of yelp. I went because my friends liked the place.
5	Love coming to this place! The service is always amazing, coming here always makes me feel welcome. The boba is the best! Best consistency! Marc is the best at making drinks. Always ask if he is working! Ask him to make your drinks! The food here is top notch! I love getting the ramen and the bowls and if I'm not that hungry, the appetizers are great.
5	I'm probably here 6 days a week. There's great customer service, food, and fast wifi.  Their boba is the best in Vegas, it depends who's making your drink though. But the staff is friendly, and are happy to bring out your drinks or food.Their ramen, not that great, it seems like instant ramen with a little bit of flavoring.Shaved ice is bomb, plus the fresh fruit in a huge bowl.Usually the girls make the best shaved ice, with the exception of Paul. Paul and Pim makes the best drinks, it all depends on what you want and who's there!Just go in an try it, the staff is more than happy to help you!
4	Yum! I first heard about this place from a co-worker who had came into work with one of their avocado smoothies with boba. I have never had a smoothie with boba in, let alone an AVOCADO smoothie (i LOVE avocados). Just one drink and  I was hooked! The avocado smoothie was so delicious and creamy and the boba was sweet and chewy! I have already went back at least 3x and ordered the same thing, I want to try the other smoothes but I always end up getting the avocado one. I also picked up a chicken teriyaki bowl for lunch last week, with a smoothie of course, and it was just okay. Thats why the 4 stars. They also have sushi and some other items that look ok but for me I will just be going for the smoothies and boba!
5	Avocado smoothie for the win.
5	Life as a teacher means hours upon hours of lesson planning and grading...I may tell my students to do their work early ...but I'm guilty of that same mistake.  Thankfully, I have Fresh Cup to help get me through those Sunday afternoons buried in student papers.There are just so many perks I couldn't justify giving them anything less than 5 stars.1. The Drinks (the Kid Friendly Kind)!!!!They have just about every type of drink you could want from Flavored Teas, Milk Teas, Ice Smoothies, and Fruit Smoothies.  And of course no Drink place in Chinatown would be complete without offering Boba (extra 0.50) to any drink you please.  I usually order their Peach Tea if I'm not feeling the Boba or Regular Milk Tea when the Boba craving hits.  Another plus is that you can order their drinks half sweet if you are feeling healthier or if you just can't take the sweetAlso they have a stamp card! Buy ten get one free!2. DessertsWho doesn't like shaved-ice fruit and condensed milk on a Hot Las Vegas Day?? I haven't tried their shaved-ice yet, but once it starts to warm up again I think I will.  Or if I'm feeling like a rebel in the winter3. Real FoodMost Asian Drink places just have your usual Fried appetizers (which they have here too), but this place also has full on meals.  Including sushi rolls and rice bowls.  So far I've tried their Fried Calamari App and Their Yami yami Roll which were pretty good considering it was from a Boba place.4. Wi-FiHow else am I going to put the grades into my grade book?  Or look up awesome chemistry demos for my students without the Wi-Fi?  I've stayed a couple of hours here (don't worry I also order food and a drink) and they have never rushed me or made me give up a table5. K-pop in the background and on the walls.  Now, I don't really listen to that music but it makes it is kind of fun to be around and makes the place not weirdly quite.6. Nice StaffEveryone that I've met that works here has a smile and is super sweet to me.  I feel like they actually like working there and that they like each other which makes me like the place more tooOverall:  Great place to get some work done, catch up with friends, or grab a quick bite to eat.  I'll be back many times I'm sure.  If you see an Asian girl buried in grading on a Sunday afternoon, it will probably be me!
5	I signed on to Yelp just to give this place a review and I've finally gotten around to it.  I live in SoCal, which means I am exposed to many many boba options.  And I can honestly say that Fresh Cup beats most any place in SoCal by a mile.  In LA, you can expect to be curtly treated by your typical boba vendor and rushed out the door.  At Fresh Cup, I've always been treated with patience and a friendly smile.  3 stars just for that.  My gf and I always order the mango smoothie with boba and are never disappointed in the taste and freshness.  We've tried some rolls there as well and each one has been flavorful.  Prices are great.  Watch the k-pop videos while you're enjoying one of the great neighborhood gems in Vegas.
5	Best flavored boba. They have a good selection of food as well. I really love this spot!!! The food and drinks are super cheap but yummy!!!
4	We decided to give this place a try because of the reviews.  Not the best avocado smoothie but the boba is darn good! I would agree the boba is best in vegas. Friendly service. Friends had mango and plum smoothies and they both likes theirs.
2	Thought I'd try this place out because of the yelp reviews. Plus I love sushi and boba, so why not? I was the only one there around noon and the girl the counter was very nice and helpful. I tried the boba milk tea which tasted really watered down and ordered a hot night roll. Do not order sushi here. Like I said, I love sushi..but this was terrible. Wasabi was dried and crusted, spicy tuna didn't taste fresh at all and was warm. Imitation crab was also watery... I didn't even want to finish it. It's one of those places where you really want to like, but you just can't. Sorry:/
4	Currently my favorite boba place because whenever I need my boba fix I come here... I've have been coming here pretty regularly even if I don't live on the west side. I usually get the Thai tea with boba, which is good to me because surprisingly other places don't make it as good as Fresh Cup. I've also tried the shave ice with fruit and it's just "meh okay." The staff here are usually those Asian teenagers, but they are pretty nice and friendly for the most part and their service is quick too. The chicken katsu and other sushi items look pretty tasty so I'll probably have to try it out one of these days. Slowly filling my stamp card, yay!
5	I love this place! The sushi and boba is cheap and tasty. The service is always great no matter who the cashier is.
5	Friendly staff and good selection of beverages and food. Just a good little place to chill out.
4	The shaved ice was delis!  Home-made red beans (much better than canned), fruits that we witnessed being cut fresh, condensed milk (everything tastes better with condensed milk--coffee, shaved ice, you name it, as unhealthy as it is).Flavored black tea + passion fruit + lychee jelly was good.Boba milk tea had good quality bobas (and boy am I picky about this, since the nice little tapioca balls were invented in my home town in Asia).  We will be back, especially for the shaved ice with fruit! P.S. The owner was a sweet lady and the gentleman working at the front desk was nice as well!  Good customer service always makes me a repeat customer!
4	Very nice staff and was quick with my order. I had the coconut milk tea and that was delicious. I also ordered the tonkatsu ramen but I was a bit disappointed in that. The broth was just OK, as if it was missing some flavor. But what I did appreciate was the portion of it. I will come back here to try the chicken katsu which is what my friends ordered :)
4	This place is delightful! For one, it has free wifi- my original reason for stopping in. They also have bobaccino- which is iced coffee, with boba. DONE, large please!The cashier was super friendly and danced around, garnering yet another star.Tasty drinks, consistent and strong wifi, no one judging me for spending an hour here on Tumblr? Another star! Oh, and their menu also includes katsu, bbq bulgogi, bowls, and sushi? I'm pretty sure I'm about to be a regular here!ETA-Solid four stars for dining options. BF and I had dinner here before a flight (thanks to the wifi, we found out there was a delay!), sharing the soft shell crab app, the bulgogi bowl, and the #1 sushi roll. Side note, all rolls are $7, and they're large 10-piece rolls, not wimpy little ones!Wouldn't get the crab app again- just wasn't impressed, though it was both affordably priced and impressive to see on the menu in the first place. The bowl was okay, seemed lacking something- I added a hefty shake of soy sauce and that perked it up a little.Roll was tasty! Simple but good, will be trying others again. Happy with $7 price tag for 10 pieces.
5	The most epic bestest boba ever!  At the best prices, freshest ingredients and great service!  I also love the shaved ice very yummy.  I haven't tried the other food items they have on the menu so this is strictly boba and shaved ice review.
5	Fresh Cup is basically my second home. I am here at least two days every week. The staff is also super friendly that I've actually become friends with most of them! Their boss is also a sweetheart!This boba-smoothie joint is probably one of the very few places that you can get drinks for UNDER $3 or $4, AND it's actually pretty freaking good. Most cheap boba places suck but Fresh Cup knows how to make great drinks. My usual orders are: Thai tea smoothie, milk tea, green tea smoothie, and a strawberry-banana smoothieThese are my top favorites and they never do me wrong. This place is also a great spot to study and do hw because they provide free wifi! You also have entertainment with the tv's that play K-pop shows. Fresh Cup is my favorite place to grab a tasty drink, relax, and stare at epic Korean dancing/singing/fashion (mild humor).
4	One of the popular places in town for milk tea. Great place to hang out, grab a drink, study, read, play games, etc. Opened a few years ago, it has been one of the main places to hang out. Prices are cheap (in comparison to the chain Tea Station). They offer a variety of hot or cold drinks (tea, coffee, smoothies, slushes) to various foods (appetizers, snacks, and actual meals)Free Wi-fi (password is their phone number located on their menu or yelp XD). Great for those who are working or studying for their phones (save data XD) or laptop/tablets. Environment is pretty nice. Not really loud, most times fairly quiet aside from their korean videos playing on the TV. They have various posters of different korean pop groups like Girl's Generation ! :D woohoo ! XD Staff is friendly. Over the years, their staff has been changing due to their employees or mostly students in either late high school or early college. They have a "frequent customer" card where if you get 10 stamps, you get one for free. Food wise, they are decent. I wouldn't be too strict on them because their speciality isnt in food. Bibimbap is pretty good. Good amount and ratio for ingredients to rice. Katsu is ok. Not my favorite place for that. Their sushi rolls are ... like most sushi rolls. Kind of hard to mess up. Decent for those who like to eat sushi rolls. The only issue i have with Fresh Cup, is their inconsistency. Due to the periodic change of employees, and different people working, each drink is different. My friend and I are huge fans of a GOOD jasmine milk tea. I am an avid tea drinker and love a nice tea. We once had a really good one. Strong flavor, less sweet, and a good amount of milk. Yeah that was the only one. Any other time it was ordered... flavor was a bit lacking or too sweet or too much milk or any combination of the three. If they could somehow figure a way to be always or fairly consistent, and keep their flavor up without helping people get closer to achieving diabetes... Another example is their avocado or papaya smoothie. I appreciate their honesty when they say their avocados aren't ripe, which prevents me from ordering it, but thats fine. quality control right? I wish they'd control their measurements for a more consistent result. Sometimes sweet. Sometimes not. Sometimes not blended enough. Overall still a nice place to go to. Would be the best if they can be consistent.
5	Excellent boba - chewy, slightly sweet!  Came back two days in a row for it.  Also had their shave ice with fruit which I Highly recommend.  It comes in along boat dish with tons of fruit on top and condensed milk.  I could have this every day!
3	As my heart pounds... I jump up screaming..MIAMI HEAT IS THE 2013 NBA CHAMPIONSHIP WINNER! To celebrate, I treat myself to Fresh Cup. I've been here many times and highly recommend the Thai Tea because it's the best here really. As my place my order while wearing my Miami Heat #3 shirt to represent Dwayne Wade, the cashier proceeds to ask me if I like the Heat, I respond "yes I do" and he proceeds to inform me he is a Spurs fan. We joke a little bit throughout ordering my Thai Tea WITHOUT boba, but he then tells the person making my drink to "mess up my order" - I take it as a joke and laugh it off. But as I received my drink, there is boba IN IT..hahaha you can imagine my disappointment. Homey cashier tells the person making my drink to mess up my order...AND ACTUALLY DOES LOL. I was definitely going to bitch out - however, going to Fresh Cup enough times, I know who is the owner and since she was very present during this situation, I decided to stay quiet and leave. Since then, I've tried to stay away from Fresh Cup, but damn their Thai Tea is good, so actually going to Fresh Cup, it's more of a toleration for me now - I go elsewhere to avoid disappointment. OH and another time, I was going to claim my Free Boba Milk Tea as I reached 10 dranks on my stamp card. When ordering, the cashier tells me the total, and I ask how come they charged me for Boba.. when it says Free Boba Milk Tea? and I forgot what the cashier says but allowed me to reply "So shouldn't it just be Free Milk Tea?"....she then either agrees and apologizes or says I don't know and I apologize.I shake my head. I don't know - maybe it's just me. But good thing Jones is so far - haven't gone back months hahahaha
4	4.5 stars. Avocado smoothie actually taste like avocado. Taro smoothie is good. Love the honey milk tea.
4	This review is for the Boba: This Boba tastes excellent and is the best that I have had in this town so far, it does not taste powdered or overcooked. The service is friendly and I didn't feel unwanted being white
4	My favorite place to get boba. It's five minutes away from where I live which is a plus. I was here the other day and ordered the milk tea with boba. It's either that or the avocado smoothie. Fresh Cup is located next to the 168 supermarket. I've been to many boba places but this one is my favorite. I come here at least 2-3 times a week.
5	The boba is fantastic. The staff is nice. & the sushi & tempura $6 & katsu $8 are all so delicious & a fantastic price. Huge sushi rolls for $4-7. Love this place
5	Good boba, tasty sushi, and fast wifi! Did I mention they have good boba? It's such a nice place to study or have a casual lunch date with a friend. I think their boba is better than other boba places around spring mountain. Something I like to order is duo duo milk tea, I have yet to find any other boba places with the flavor, and it's so refreshing! Always coming back for boba and cheap sushi!
5	Hands down the best boba place in town!First let's start with the drinks. I find their boba extra soft, and a little sweet compared to some other places in town, which is the way I like it. They also have a large selection of drinks to choose from. If you ask nicely enough they'll even mix together custom combinations for you!The food is also good for the price. Their sushi rolls are really cheap, so if you have a craving and want a cheap, quick fix this is definitely a good deal. Their bowls and boxes also have generous portions, a good bang for your buck.Staff has also always been very polite and friendly. If you've been to a decent number of boba places in Vegas you'll know that service is not always consistent everywhere you go, not that I'm naming names or anything... haha.Overall a good place to meet up and hang with friends. Free wi-fi, open seating, and catchy K-pop soundtracks in the background. They also have a stamp card for those who frequent their store like me. There is a $5 minimum card order, so carry cash or be prepared to buy for your friends. I always forget so I usually end up buying someone a drink haha.Only "complaint" I guess I really have is that its not open as late as some of the other places in town, so you'll have to go elsewhere if you're looking for some late-night chilling. But that just speaks to how good this place is!
4	I've only been here once to get me and my daughter Boba drinks. I got the almond milk tea and my daughter got the thai tea.  Both were pretty yummy. Nothing outstanding from my visit.  The staff was nice. I would like to go back to try the food and different beverages. I will update my review after another visit.
3	This place was good, but the portions were small. I expected more food! We ordered a couple bento boxes and a healthy bowl. The bulgogi bowl was really good and tasted fresh, but I would have liked more rice and meat (lots of veggies in the bowl). Definitely not enough meat in the bento! We still left hungry even after ordering a sushi roll (soft shell crab roll was good). Workers were really nice! And the milk tea was on point. Overall good place for lunch or a quick dinner, but don't expect nothing fancy.
5	Affordable prices. Good business hours. Ive had the bobas and some salads there good. I like this place because its mostly empty and if anyone does show up they just eat and run. Ive noticed people these days dont spend much time enjoying what their eating and examining the flavor of the food anymore. If people would spend as much time as they do with their phone it would be great. With that said, I think the k-pop music playing in the background might just make you pay attention to the food.  Its a young persons restaurant if you get me. Just the K-pop idols are everywhere around the walls haha. I would advice you to spend some time researching what k-pop is so you wont have that face like you just walked into the twilight zone. For you k-pop people you will like this place because it has the music, the tv shows on the tv and the affordable prices. I dunno how to describe the place though cause it has sushi, boba, teas, salads, and ramen. It's kind of like a mixture of whats popular around Asia. YeaH thats it! Ha! If you are immersed in the Asian scene than you will find this place enjoyable for a short period of time.  Place is great to get work done. I spend hours doing work. Sometimes I am dead broke, but have enough to buy my time with food and drinks. So I like the affordability of this place. One outlet near by tho. But just plan ahead and figure out how your going to go about it and you'll be fine. Oh yeah buy enough drinks and fill up your punch card and get a free drink. So this place is ideal for that!   I do wish they added something to the place. Whenever I walk in here i always feel like it needs something. Like a finishing touch. Maybe someone can incorporate Japanese Animation and more K-pop into the place. Like idk a big giant panda inside. Just like crawling around stealing peoples food. and eagles grabbing peoples plates and slamming onto the windows. (wtf am i writing hahahahaha)Naw but seriously maybe like a little candy bar wrack, or some cute desserts, or maybe like a slide show of Korean fashion maybe? Just something. But I like the whole Asia theme now that I think about it.
5	Great boba tea; great price. Staff was super friendly. I had the taro boba and my mom had the jasmine milk tea. Both had just the right amount of sweetness. Not overly sweet like milk tea can be sometimes. Will be back for sure.
5	Tasty and affordable boba. I believe is the best in Vegas by far. There drinks are never to sweet and the best of all no powder ! I hate boba when you get taste the boba. Location is great after buying groceries I come by and grab a quick drink in this hot weather.
5	The food is yummy & the boba drinks are equally as good :)  Tofu steak bowl, side order of kim chee and watermelon smoothie with boba Is what I usually order. Other items that I have tried & liked: teriyaki chicken bowl, chicken katsu bowl, california roll, fruit shave Ice, lychee smoothie w/boba and strawberry smoothie w/boba. The owner & wait staff are always very helpful & friendly :)
5	I love the price range here, and the quality of food is amazing. Have manami serve you if you can, she's always been my favorite.
3	I feel like if you are coming to Fresh Cup, it's for something specific. Something has won you over and you're going to keep coming back for it. Anyway, I'll get to that. I'm just going to break it down into positives and negatives for easy chewing.GOOD!- The service is pretty stellar. Everyone has been extra helpful and nice all the time! Huge plus.- If you're into K-pop, being here will be absolutely thrilling for you. TVs playing all kinds of fun.- The spicy crab hand roll is what won my heart lately. I will be coming back for it over and over again.- There is a lot to pick from in terms of food. This is also a bad thing.- Prices are very reasonable for the most part.BAD!- The drinks are pretty mediocre. I wouldn't come here as my first choice. However, the boba is good.- The food is hit or miss. Like I said, the spicy crab hand roll was great. A california roll was also great. A spicy tuna roll was lacking in tuna and had way too much rice.- The wide selection of food kind of indicates there is no focus. So, yeah, hit or miss.
5	I love this place for shaved ice! I have never gotten anything else, but it looks good. There is something about their shaved ice that I just crave during a hot summer day- especially here in Vegas during the HOT summer heat. My usual order is the Fresh Cup shaved Ice. It is so simple, yet so good. Simplicity really is better! They serve you in a huge tear shaped bowl with fluffy shaved ice and in the middle, they give you a scoop of sweet red beans. Around it, they put there daily fresh fruits. Some days they have kiwis, bananas, watermelons, etc. What I like about it is that it's different every time. They use fresh fruits every time. Then they drizzle condensed milk on top of the fruits. It is so refreshing and very cooling. I definitely want to try their boba slushies! I saw them use fresh fruits and I guess you can say I'm sold on fresh fruits! One of my favorite places for shaved ice... must try!
3	I am only writing review on the Avocado smoothies. That is my only order at this restaurant when I visited Vegas. The Avocado smoothie is pretty good. It reminds me of the same thing at Verde (if you are from the bay area you know what I am talking about). The sell Japanese bento boxes and the price is very reasonable. I never had them so I won't comment on anything.The whole store looks empty on a Saturday lunch time.
3	The other day I stopped here for lunch, I ordered the ramen, price was good and the serving was generous but it doesn't compare to the Montas or the Soras in flavor, still good deal if I don't have time to put my name on a list and wait for a table. I also ordered some sushi rolls, and again, they were good but not as good as other real sushi places, nonetheless a good price for what you get.Service is great and the employees are very attentive and willing to help, also the dining area was very clean, no problems whatsoever in that department and to be fair, I must add that this place specializes on drinks, coffee, tea, and smoothies which I didn't try, maybe my rating would've been higher but for now based on the food items I tried 3.5 is where they're at...... I'll have to come back and try that avocado smoothie everyone talks about.
4	Growing up in Southern California, and subsequently Las Vegas, I learned what boba and milk tea was at a young age. Since then, I have learned, and never have forgotten what it should be like, and taste like. Fresh Cup does drinks right!Fresh Cup has a pretty decent selection of various drinks and a good food menu too compared to a lot of other boba places. Usually, other boba places just have snacks that you can get along with your drinks, but Fresh Cup has actual dishes! Although the amount of food isn't compared to that of a restaurant, they are still decently priced compared to the amount of food they give you. My all time favorite drink is the plain milk tea with boba, and they do it right at Fresh Cup! I rarely deviate from plain milk tea, but I do like chocolate, so I gave the chocolate milk tea a shot, and it was quite good as well I must say. If you want a quick drink to refresh yourself, especially in the hot summers of Las Vegas, I would gladly recommend Fresh Cup!
4	Asked if ginger would come with sushi to be explicit. They said yes. After food came out they told me they ran out of ginger today. Kind of annoying because I got a plain spicy tuna roll, would have gotten something better if I knew. Ohh well then. Food and drink was still delicious at good prices. Would recommend.
3	Good selection of weird creative sushi and smoothies. However their korean food is alright nothing too special
2	Would be 4 star, pretty good tea, but to earn a free tea, you buy 10.  When you do, it's worthless unless you only want boba milk tea.  I simply wanted no milk (should cost less)..  But no.  This according to the owner which is why I'm bothering to rate this place.  Huh, well, here's your thanks, a 2 star less review.
4	Cheap and Awesome! I wish they had one of these in Phoenix. The rolls are huge and freshly made. The fish katsu was the best I've ever had. Prices are great. Can't go wrong here.
4	I went here today with high hopes of the avocado smoothie and a sushi roll. Was served the smoothie first and I will say that I really enjoyed it but if it was part of a "blindfold" test....I would never have guessed that it was avocado. Most reviews were favorable towards it but i cannot agree. Like I said, it was a great refreshing drink, but imho, not avocado.. ALso ordered the spicy tuna roll and I also enjoyed that but as Eric mentioned back in February of 2014, they had run out of ginger. Makes me think that they just plain do not serve ginger. We also really enjoy fried tofu but they serve theirs in a bowl of juice. I forget what they call it but it is appetizer #5. Maybe that's the way it gets served back home, but I prefer to be able to dip it while eating instead of having it get all soggy. I will probably never go back to eat but all in all, it's not that bad. For 2 small smoothies, soggy tofu and a roll without ginger I could of spent my $20.+ better somewhere else.
4	They seem to have a lot of food items, but I'm only reviewing drinks.My friends invited me here, so I somewhat woefully detoured from my intended dessert. I'd been meaning to start trying the teas instead of the smoothies at the boba shops of Las Vegas, and I figured this would be as good a place as any.Fresh Cup is a standalone structure in front of 168 Market and across the street from China Mama. They have decent seating, and it wasn't too crowded at our off-peak visit in spite of the summer heat. They also play a lot of Korean pop music and have posters of various girl groups all over the walls.Other than the non-Asian smoothies and the specialty smoothies, the drinks (flavored teas, milk teas, jelly juices, smoothies) are cheap. The medium is currently $2.77 and the large is $3.15. Apparently, these drinks are all cold/iced since "hot" is a 50 cent extra, as are boba and many other add-ons. Puddings and some other toppings are 70 cents.I had passion fruit green tea. I also unwittingly sampled my friend's taro milk tea, which was strongly (but not cloyingly) sweet, making it a candidate for future ordering but with the "less sugar" option. They have a "no sugar" option too (ugh, why?) and also less ice (ooh) or no ice, but I'm not sure if the cup will look as full without the ice.So the sweet taro ended up throwing off my palate for the rest of my passion fruit green tea experience. Meh. From my first sip of my own drink, it seemed balanced with a little sweetness and non-overpowering green tea. The boba didn't seem quite as tasty as I've had before, but the chewiness was fine. Not the best rendition of this drink ever, but it'll work if I somehow don't find a better spot.They have the typical buy 10 get 1 free stamp card. When I asked, an employee responded to me that they don't use all fresh fruit in their smoothies, so I'll probably stick to No. 1 Boba Tea if I'm in that kind of mood. However, I wouldn't mind giving them a few more visits when convenient.
4	their shaved ice is pretty good, loaded with fresh fruit.  and they probably have the best avocado smoothie I've had here in town.  staff is very friendly and accommodating.  they don't serve anything under their standards.  great quality food and great staff.
4	I came here once recently for lunch and enjoyed it.  I came with some friends and we all ordered different things and loved it all.  I ordered the chicken teriyaki healthy bowl and was so stuff but felt good about eating it.  It had lots of veggies and yummy grilled chicken with the sauce on the side.  I also ordered the spider roll and it was totally worth it for that price.  I think this is a great place if you are looking for something light and healthy.  My friends had ordered the calamari which was coated with some sauce and it was interesting.  Still deep fried but still yummy.  Another friend got the spicy tuna roll and it was delicious.  Not a big fan of the miso soup, a little much flavoring for me.But overall the food was great, can't wait to go back.
4	Inexpensive boba that's good plus it's not packed.
3	Boba here is great but my actual favorite drink is the passion fruit slush with lychee jelly!! Best combination cold drink in my opinion! Family owned establishment and the drinks are always good, I've eaten here a few times and the food is average. It's a nice quick meal with a drink... Usually. The last time that I came the orders were all mixed up and they were out of boba pearls  so I was really disappointed but the owner gave each person in my party of 6 some kind of discount. I like coming here for a quick fix for asian food cravings on a budget and getting my boba or jelly fix satisfied. The place is small and has Korean pop music channel always playing so it's interesting and I find it entertaining to watch while waiting. But if you're hungry for a more fulfilling meal, I wouldnt recommend eating here. I find fresh cup to be more a quick bite snack kinda joint.
