3	They have a bit of everything. I recommend the Sushi Pizza, hot and sour soup, and I hear their General Tao is v good.
3	For the price, which is around the same as my usual place, I would expect better quality. Rice crispies (or something similar) are used in place of tempura, which I don't like. It is not bad, but it is not great. I'd suggest getting sushi elsewhere.I only had the sushi, so I can't comment on the other food, but they do have a large selection of dishes.
1	Wow.....Soba was recommended to me by a,  lets say a hefty eater. Usually you would think,  " well they know what there talking about". Boom,  not so. This has to be one be one of the worst places for asian. Everything taste the same,  and there veggies in the dishes come from a frozen bag in the freezer isle of IGA. Come on !!!!! I had hopes,  gone.....Sushi,  well,  so so.Not impressed...Wait,  almost forgot the delivery,  like a slow COOKER. Order early and wait patiently.MoeFactor 4 on 10
3	Soba Sushi is located along Sherbrooke in the middle of Westmount faces nearby competition. Walking along the street, I didn't even notice the place until my friend pointed it out. Walking in, I noticed how small it was (seats around 30), but they had a huge amount of chefs working in the kitchen (around 8). This probably means that they were mainly focused on the take-out business. Our group of four were seated quickly. The menu is quite large for a small place. You got your choices of sushi, but also your traditional Chinese take-out as well. I ordered deep-fried pork chops with fried rice, vegetables, spring roll, and a Wonton soup. Food came out quickly (around 5 to 10 minutes). The Wonton soup was disappointing (too much wrapping and the meat was bland). The main course, however, was good. Fried rice was done correctly (not too oily and tasted good). The spring roll was crispy and the filling inside was ample. The vegetables were steamed (nothing noteworthy). The pork chops themselves were great (not too much batter, meat temperature was perfect, just slightly spicy). Portion wise, I thought it was perfect, but my friend could not finish half of his Pad Thai. My friend who ordered the sushi said they weren't bad. All in all, for the location and the price I paid (lack of atmosphere, okay food, good portions), this restaurant does an okay job.
1	Hello. I used to love soba. Ordered it once a week. Last time I ordered the spicy tuna roll I proceeded to vomit for 4 hours straight and had to be taken to the hospital. Vomiting all over myself as well as uncontrollable diarrhea all over the bed non stop until 8am. NEVER. AGAIN. not worth the risk of pooing yourself
4	I don't understand the poor reviews below. We ordered sushi from there and it was great. The rolls were fresh, large and not stuffed with rice. The octopus salad was amazing! Just wouldn't recommend their spicy rolls, too much tempura. Their smoked salmon with salmon roll however were great.
2	Ahhhh, sometimes I wonder about my decision making skills, tonight was one of those nights. I was in a sushi mood but it was 10:30 and not too many options at this hour nearby. Mikado's, my first choice, was too late for pick up, I would have settled for sushi shop but they were closed. As I drove down Sherbrooke I saw Soba  and Noodles, they were still open and quite a few people were inside, I quickly thought over my options, which were pick up something  at Metro or McDonald's, neither one appealing.I had my heart set on sushi and I should have waited till tomorrow but I was in a stubborn mood and thought, what the hell, can't be that bad so I parked and went in.The staff was nice and I could see the cooks working and I  didn't get a super clean feeling but it was too late for much else so I ordered. I'm not really into  rolls, so I ordered Nigiri, eel, red snapper, salmon and yellowtail tuna. Against my better judgement I decided to check out their reviews on yelp while I waited, oh no , not good...mediocre and someone got really sick. I already paid and my order my order was ready so I surrendered to the experience...I got into my car and  I peeked into my container and felt that the rice was warm, hate that...as for smell, seemed ok.I got home and quickly dove in, free of expectations. Not great... Big slabs of mediocre fish on huge slabs of warm rice, not the melt in your mouth experience I was in the mood for. The ginger had an overly sweet, chemical taste which didn't help either. All in all, it's one of those places that serves up a ton of food, too many choices to truly excell at anything in particular.I obviousky wasnt expecting amazing but i wasn't impressed, I won't be coming back....
4	I don't understand why this restaurant has such bad reviews. I live next door so I pick up food fairly often. Everything I've tried has been really tasty. (General Tao, shrimp in lobster sauce, noodles, sushi...)
5	I've been a long time customer at soba sushi, I found this gem in ndg/westmount through urban spoon which gave it a high 80% likes featuring numerous good feedback such as mtl blog, they even got listed top 5 sushi in mtl by cult montreal.  Perhaps since I am a big time fan so I really don't understand the negative comments on yelp only. Soba sushi definately deserves more likes and attention. I've tried multiple dishes from both the Chinese and Japanese cuisine, and I'm always more than satisfied with their flavors and proportions. Especially their sushi, I love the way they marinate the sticky rice and their fish are so obviously very fresh. Also they prepare your order on the spot, so none of that cold, kept in the fridge  stuff at sushi shop or supermarkets. That being said, I do order a lot to go or even delivery since they open late in the area. I personally don't enjoy dining at small restaurants although they did renovate recently however their deliveries are quick so quality never depreciates. Ignore the  negative comment and try soba for yourselves, you'll be happy to have found this gem.
5	I've been a long time customer at soba sushi, I found this gem in ndg/westmount through urban spoon which gave it a high 80% likes featuring numerous good feedback such as mtl blog, they even got listed top 5 sushi in mtl by cult montreal.  Perhaps since I am a big time fan so I really don't understand the negative comments on yelp only. Soba sushi definately deserves more likes and attention. I've tried multiple dishes from both the Chinese and Japanese cuisine, and I'm always more than satisfied with their flavors and proportions. Especially their sushi, I love the way they marinate the sticky rice and their fish are so obviously very fresh. Also they prepare your order on the spot, so none of that cold, kept in the fridge  stuff at sushi shop or supermarkets. That being said, I do order a lot to go or even delivery since they open late in the area. I personally don't enjoy dining at small restaurants although they did renovate recently however their deliveries are quick so quality never depreciates. Ignore the  negative comment and try soba for yourselves, you'll be happy to have found this gem.
5	So I recently revisited soba, they have added some additional items on their menu  such as the octopus salad! This time I tried their salt and pepper porc chops and black pepper crispy spinach chicken, it was an orgasm and a half I tell you! Must try!!!!
