4	Who doesn't love Arbys? I have always loved the beef and cheddar....roast beef with some melty yummy cheesy goodness. I do say I also LOOOOOVE the loaded potato bites, but I am a sucker for anything loaded with carbs. I feel less guilty eating here than at other fast food places, but who am I kidding? I'm sure calorie wise its all about the same.
3	Seriously WAY to expensive for fast food. I could eat a Chilis 2 for 20. Seriously $25 for three sandwiches. Get a grip!!! And it wasnt even that good.
2	From what I understand, Yelp is to review unique and fun places, not your typical everyday joints. For this review, and those rules, please accept my apology. What I have to say must be heard.You see, Arby's is an amazing place. It is lumped in with the McDonalds and Burger Kings of the world, when in fact, it should hold a different place in the hearts of Americans. When I was 16 years old I landed my first real paper paycheck job at an Arby's in Holland, MI. I thought I was big time. I made $8.00 an hour. I scored free grub from time to time. I flirted with the lizadies who came through the drive through window. What else could you want? Through my time at Arby's I learned a man named Russ Umphimheimer owns the most Arby's under an umbrella corporation called RTM. He also owned a few other joints I think a Hardees (never seen one), a breakfast roll place, etc. Arby's was his crowning achievement though. He owned an empire of roast beef and curly fries. I met him once and shook his hand. He had a bunch of gold rings. Anyway, now you have the background of my review, and you see I am only giving this joint 2 stars, you have to wonder why. I will tell you why..  no green beans on the menu.Through out parts of the mid-west and the south there are renegade rebel Arby's. They were not bought out by RTM during Russ Umphenhimer's Arby's empire take over. Think of these places as the rebel alliance in Star Wars, and the RTM Arby's as The Empire. Russ Umphenhimer can be Darth Vader if you want him to be, but he's really not that mean. RTM (stands for Results Through Motivation) set a menu standard through out his millions of Arby's. Every menu had to be the same. You can always tell when you are in a rebel Arby's because they will have some random stuff on the menu, such as green beans. The franchisee operator will sell you green beans (at least they used to), but hardly any of the Arby's would order them because they were all RTM Arby's and thus, couldn't be free to set the menu as they saw fit. This Arby's had it's typical roast beef sandwiches. I opted for the beef and cheddar sans red ranch sauce, cause I think it's gross and I saw somebody dump a whole tub on their head once and run around chasing a girl. Bad juju right there. I also ordered the chicken fingers, which are back on the menu after a couple year MIA stint. Topped it off with an order of curly fries and a jamoca shake. I can't spell jamoca. Sorry. The food I ordered was great for a fast food joint, and worth the extra dollar to upgrade me from a whopper or big mac. However, to have a truly 5 star Arby's experience, I lust for the day where I can order green beans off of a fast food menu and have a hearty chuckle about this fact. Until this day, fight The Empire, and support your local rebel Arby's (they usually have those old signs "Arby's Rost Beef Sandwich is Delicious").
4	Arby's is pricey but it's good! I'm a low carb eater so any trip to a fast food restaurant is an expensive proposition because I only eat the meat instead of the cheap fries, bread and carby sides. I love this Arby's because they will happily give me a sandwich sans bun (yep, just a big container of meat)! The employees here are very friendly and always smiling and their roast beef is hot and tasty.
3	$6.68 for two turkey classics in the drive through.  I kinda think that is a little pricey for just bread and turkey and nothing else.  I'm just sayin.  I am not a fast food chick by any means but I thought fast food was cheaper than that.  Anyways, the sandwiches are good....definitely not $6.68 good but what can you do when your short on time?!  Guess they got me. ;)
1	TERRIBLE!!! Placed a order for One Combo & 2 Sandwiches... They only had one cook and we waited over 15 minutes... Ok we understand there busy... But that doesn't explain why ALL my freaking food was ice cold.. Did the chef forget to cook it or what? I got up and told the cashier.. When I told her all my food was cold she just stood there all puzzled not knowing what to do... This time they took 25 minutes to remake the order even though we were the only ones in the restaurant! I told the cashier we have been here almost an hour and wanted my money back! She was hasnieat at first but I walked out the 5 minutes later with my money and charged $5 bucks for my 2 small drinks..  If your in a hurry to eat or don't feel like idiots you shouldn't eat here.
4	I love me some roast beef sandwiches with Arby sauce. Definitely something different than the normal hamburgers and fries joints. I do recommend the curly fries and especially the potato cakes. And if you're in the mood for dessert I do recommend the turnovers I'm depending on the mood apple or cherry.
1	Ordered from the drive thru, just basic order, roast beef meal and an additional jr roast beef. The food was fine, it was just the customer service and attitude. The guy who took my order seemed high and just DGAF attitude. Funny thing is I think he was the manager on duty because he had one of those button down shirts. His persona was "I hate my job, I hate my life, and I hate you" curly fries were on point tho
1	I'm a big Arbys fan and just moved to Vegas. I was excited to discover there was one right down the street. Needless to say I will never return. My roast beef sandwich barely had any meat on it, fries were warm and stale, and my soda was flat. Went back inside after going through the drive thru and felt as if I was disturbing them. The place was dead by the way. Bad customer service and poor quality of food. Very disappointing
1	I'll start off positive and say the food was hot and fresh when I got home. But the customer service was bad enough for me to not return. I had to repeat my order a few times in the drive thru and when I double checked it at the window both girls gave me a snooty look and an eye roll. I was extremely polite to them and does it really put you out of your way to give me sauce or a drink holder ugh. I won't go back!
