4	Very family friendly Italian restaurant. The food here is lovely. They do a very reasonably priced lunch menu too. The atmosphere is very good, and service good also, for such a busy city centre location. The restaurant is surprisingly big too, with a whole other level tucked away downstairs. Great for a staff night out, I'd think.
5	Always reliably good food and service - never left disappointed in over 30 visits. Drinks are a little expensive. A great institution in Edinburgh.
4	Split across two levels, and very rarely empty, Vittoria on the bridge is a family owned Itaian restaurant which is great for a friendly family evening meal.Indeed, my family and I dined here recently and the experience was a great one - from the moment we arrived we felt welcome and cozy, with our waiter (whose name escapes me) showing nothing but helpfulness and friendlyness. It was only after our orders had been taken (from a vast and very tempting menu) that I realised how full Vittorias was. Despite this, the service was impecable, and the food was on our tables very quickly. The carbanara that I had ordered was sublime, rich and tasty. Each of us exclaimed that our own food was amazing, and indeed it was.Vittoria is a great place for you and your family to go for a beautiful Italian meal.
5	Always bustling with diners, providing rapid and friendly service, and easily affordable, Vittoria is simply a great Italian restaurant. I've been here loads with family and friends and have not once left dissatisfied. The problem with Vittoria's menu is that there's too many tempting pasta and pizza dishes. Not to worry, Vittoria address this dilemma by offering half of your chosen pizza with a smaller portion of your preferred pasta. Simple yet affective this idea has brought me back to dine on many occasions. Quick tip, keep an eye out for the bin end wines as occasionally you'll bag a top quality bottle for a heavily discounted price.Aside from having things well covered in the restaurant department, throughout the day you may spot the mini ice cream parlour (beside the entrance) as you pass by.  Discovering their delicious Tiramisu flavoured ice cream on one of Edinburgh's sparse sunny days my opinion of Vittoria was yet again boosted.
3	Vittoria seems to get bigged up quite a lot by people in Edinburgh, but I don't buy it; I suspect the people that rave about this place also consider the works of Andrew Lloyd Webber to be the epitome of culture, more fool them. I have eaten here a few times and although the food is tasty, it is not exciting and I have never eaten anything that I didn't think I could prepare myself at home (I'm not a great cook by any stretch of the imagination). If you need a standard Italian to bring some culinary luddites to, then Vittoria ticks all the boxes; if you're looking for exciting Italian cuisine to take you back to a sun drenched terrace in Tuscany, this is not the place for you.
5	It's been a while since I last stepped into Vittoria, but it was a memorable enough experience to review offhand!The surroundings are spacious and modern, but with a cosy, rustic colour scheme that looks great when the sun goes down. Perfect for a wee candlelight romantic meal. Which is what me and my boyfriend went for and it was amazing! Lovely A La Carte menu, with traditional, thick Italian pizzas that are explained in a fun way on the menu. The extensive amount of food they do in here shows the sheer dedication by the chef's - just look for yourself on the website. But they offer a ton of veggie options, at least 10 different kinds of pizzas (from plain to adventurous) and a great wine list. I went for red wine when I was in here last by the server's recommendation, and although I'm not usually a fan of the red stuff the descriptive menu and our helpful waiter both aided me in making a good choice. Everything was delicious. I went for a spicy option, aptly named Vesuvio, which is hotter than Iceland's volcano chaos right now but still gorgeous. Eating a spicy pizza just made me drink more wine, which isn't a bad thing when you are having a night being pampered. My boyfriend's pizza was gone in 60 seconds.The whole experience was amazing, with lovely surroundings, attentive staff and food that was lovingly created. Vittoria has been raking in awards since the 70s and after a number of successful visits now, it's easy to see why. Pizza magic!
4	Vittoria on the Bridge is the newest bambino on the block from this Italian, family run business. Right in amongst the hub of tourists, night time revellers, and locals that is George IV Bridge, Vittoria is in prime position for enticing people wandering past to venture in and get some hearty and traditional Italian classics wrapped around their forks. The menu is huge, and is different for breakfast , lunch and dinner, with an extensive choice of pasta, pizza, risotto and meat and fish dishes.Although I don't think this branch of Vittoria has as much character as the original Vittoria on Leith Walk, or the chic La Favorita, it's certainly a reasonably priced and reliably decent restaurant to attend for quality Italian food, and you can't really go wrong with anything on the menu.
3	Over the years Vittoria has became a very popular place for my Friend's birthdays and end of term meals. With it being a small walk away from Bristo Square it is very convenient. Every time I have eaten there, I have eaten well and thoroughly enjoyed the food! Prices are not too expensive either. Furthermore, I have even sat at a table next to one of the members of the Proclaimers! Every time I have ventured to this restaurant I have always had various kinds of pizza, which always have a nice crisped base! The only downside to this place, like it's near neighbour the Elephant House is that it is always busy and as it has become more popular it has lost that little something. Service is still not bad, but does suffer under the weight of the amount of customers. It is worth a visit, and it most be pretty good if the Proclaimers eat there!
4	Had a fantastic meal here with a couple of friends while up in Edinburgh.They didn't really have any available tables however they managed to accommodate us which was much appreciated and after our meal, I'm so glad they did!The selection of food on offer is very overwhelming and it took us quite a while to chose from the extensive and very tempting menu. To start we just had garlic bread to share which was good, garlicky and wonderfully crunchy. I then had the Diavola pizza which was fantastically spicy, my two friends had Paolo pizza and the penne with chicken and red pesto. Both friends were suitably impressed.Unfortunately we didn't have time to sample their lovely looking ice cream but we came away feeling very contended. Good food, good value for money and a good atmosphere.
4	I wanted pizza, and Vittoria is known to be an authentic Italian kitchen. I was extremely happy with what I got. Ordering off the lunch menu, I got the 7" parma ham, cheese, rocket and tomato pizza, that came with a bountiful salad with olives. It might have looked small in comparison to my companion's regular sized ham and pineapple, but for lunch it was just right (and left room for pudding later!)Short and sweet, just like my lunch and pizza here. The food was good, the ambience was nice for lunchtime. A gentleman next to us was enjoying what looked like a delicious carobanara, red wine, coffee, and chocolate cake. The staff were friendly, attentive but also quite brisk in that Italian way. And it's big inside.Also, at the moment they have vouchers for 50% off your order in January, if you book in advance. Well worth looking into!Price reasonable too - same as you'd pay at Pizza Express down the road but faarrrr tastier on nom nom.
4	Very busy which is good sign. Very good range of food on menu. Loved the idea of spilting your order so you could have half pizza half pasta. Food was nice, Service was good.
5	I went to Vittoria on the bridge with a large group on a very busy saturday night - I'd booked a good while in advance so it was good to skip the queue-age that was building up at the door when we arrived (always a good sign when a restaurant is queued out the door!). Service was really good - I had increased from 11 to 12 people the day before and was told it would be a tight squeeze but actually it was absolutely perfect, we had our own wee corner down the stairs. When I booked I had been told that 11 was a 'small' enough group to still order off the A La Carte menu so when we sat down and were brought a set menu I protested but as it transpired there was another large group there and they had mixed us up. Massive amounts of selection on the menu - one of my friends spent a very long time deliberating! I had the bruschetta to start which, be warned, is a rather generous portion but very tasty nonetheless. I followed it up with a penne amatriciana, one of my favourite Italian pasta dishes and was not disappointed. I'll add here that I had a taste of my sister's pizza and it was simply amazing - the base is usually my least favourite part of a pizza (the bit I choose to leave when I start to get full!) but this was very light and tasty. All in all, a brilliant meal!As an aside, there was a hen party in there at the same time and the hen was brought a strategically shaped ice cream, one can imagine how she was to eat it. I'm not sure if that was unprompted or on request though!
4	Vittoria is a very reliable Italian on George IV Bridge. We've visited on numerous occasions.Overall, we said: "we enjoyed Vittoria. It served us good dishes, in a lively environment, to a good standard. Next time you feel the need for Italian, particularly if you're in a medium sized group, head to Vittoria. They will serve your needs, very nicely."
4	Enjoyed an absolutely delightful meal here with several friends.Staff were amazing, we had no reservations and they were able to accommodate 6 of us on a Saturday night. They were also extremely pleasant during service. The food was tasty and the portions massive!But the best part was dessert. Their ice cream selection was amazing, about 20 choices, each one more tempting than the last. They should sell that stuff by the tub to take home!Worth a visit, but book, I wouldnt imagine everyone would be as lucky as us.
4	Vittoria's staff are super friendly and will work hard to slot in your party even if you call only a few hours in advance. They do get very busy, though, so plan ahead if you want to eat at a particular time. The service is excellent and the atmosphere somehow manages to be both bustling and chill at the same time. Occasionally the wait staff might seem rushed but with a full house that can be overlooked -- they consistently deliver in all other areas.The food is good. I can't say AMAZING because having I constantly compare Italian restaurants to a place in Florence and a place in New York and never have any other Italian places come close...But taking away those two stellar exceptions, Vittoria's food is probably the best Italian in Edinburgh -- if not Scotland. Really lovely pastas and starters, only to be improved by increased portion size (please?).This is a great place for a birthday or to start a night out. Highly recommended.
5	Oh, wow.This experience was just that: an experience. The food was absolutely lovely, I had the salmon, my friend the tonno and her son had the pizza margherita for children. Now I want it noted that this place is incredibly child-friendly in a non-pandering type of way.The staff, after we were seated, came over with a balloon for my friend's son and they continually treated him very well. He got a lot of attention and was treated like an actual person instead of a child (which in restaurants makes all the difference). Of course this won me and my friend over immediately. Now, the whole experience was just very pleasant. Attentive, but not overbearing, present but pleasant. It was a dining experience the way it *should* be. Something that actually left me refreshed instead of exhausted. And that never happens.Go here, eat, rejoice!
1	I came here full of excitement. It was my first date with Vittoria and I thought it would have been the start of a long beautiful relationship. Having been to the sibling, La Favorita and sampled their 5* proper Italian and GF pizza, I had been told Vittoria's did the same pizza's. I had consumed minimal amounts of food so I could do Vittoria's justice. It was to be the highlight of my day and a reward after six hours of interview transcription. Oh dear. Not the smartest idea I've had. No lovely La Favorita, thin and crispy bases but a.n.other generic GF base (small GF size too). Ok, so I was disappointed but hey, it could have still been good, but no. The pizza itself was served at best lukewarm (I suspected cooked from frozen and not cooked properly) and very quickly was cold and I was regretting not getting pasta. Once I admitted to my friend how disappointed I was, she fessed up to a strange tasting Carbonara so I would have lucked out with the pasta too. Once the spaghetti had been consumed, we saw the scrambled egg at the bottom of the plate as the egg had been added to the pasta and then over cooked - ick :-(I did have a Vittoria card so we weren't paying full price. We did highlight the issues with our meal (we weren't requesting a replacement as we wanted to escape) and credit to the staff (who were lovely so no complaints about the service) we were offered limoncello or free coffee's but we had already decided to make our escape. Had it been a real date, this would have been an escape out of the bathroom window time...I have to admit, I can't remember the last time I had such a bad meal and as you'll see from my reviews, I'm pretty good at giving credit with the stars. I was wishing we had travelled further to go to La Favorita (part of the same group) but I can't imagine that I'll be returning to Vittoria anytime soon which I'm sad about, especially as so many work colleagues had raved about it :-(
5	Awesome service, the Tuscan bean salad, brusecetta, spaghetti with meatballs, and Lasagna Verde, Tiramisu , ice cream all were amazing, my wife and I loved it.
4	The pizza funghi was spectacular.  True Italian fare same as in Italy.  Great atmosphere, intimate, bustling, modern.  The staff was great.  We stuffed ourselves silly and would do it again!  Do yourself a favor though -- make a reservation.  They are always packed.
5	My last name is Italian, so with years of grandma trying to fatten me up with lasagne and antipastos, I have been tried and tested on the pizza and Italian food in this city. Vittoria makes me happy. My favorite professor is Italian... like from Italy. My parents (Italian last name too) came to visit, my friend who just arrived home from Italy, my Spanish friend whose wife is Italian... etc. etc. All of them loved this place. I don't care if it's generic Italian food. It's exactly what you want when you want Italian food. CHEESE, TOMATOES, BALSAMIC, OLIVE OIL, OLIVES, FRESH PARMESAN, HOMEMADE PASTA, THIN CRUST, SALMON, ALFREDO, PESTO, GARLIC, FRESH BREAD... No, it's not weird fusion shit. It's not over-the-top local ingredients which some of the fancy Italian places have (NO OLIVES IN SCOTLAND...). It's about 20 actual off the boat/plane Italian people running the show, and you can see that, on their lunch and dinner breaks they EAT THE FOOD... What else do you need to know?
2	Vittoria on the Bridge is another restaurant owned by the Crolla family, who are now forming a formidable empire spanning Edinburgh, Glasgow and beyond, so I think they should be able to handle a wee 2 star review without the fear that the business will suffer.This was my first visit to Vittoria's, as I somehow managed to pry myself away from the sister restaurant, 'La Favorita' on Leith Walk. As with all the Crolla establishments, the place looks great, service was good and the staff were friendly and knowledgeable. Unfortunately, unlike my trusty old favourite, the food just wasn't as good and the pizza didn't even come close.Our starter, a large mixed antipasto was faultless, the ingredients were all high quality and we had a nice mix of cured meats (prosciutto, bresaola, mortadella, milano etc), cheeses, olives and picked / marinated vegetables.  The mains not so good, my veal was pretty tough, overdone and incredibly heavy, seriously why so much cheese?  Melted cheese really gets me, this is so unItalian, (probably a bad habit picked up from America). In Italy less is more, the food is really simple hence why its delicious. Also, the 'grilled' tuna turned out to be coated in breadcrumbs and fried, surely this is sacrilege? So all in all a mixed bag but a star for the great service and one for the huge and tasty antipasto and delicious espresso.
4	i've long been a fan of the vittoria group of restaurants, so when i was in search of a pasta laden dinner i knew where to go.  well actually i had planned to go to la favourita until i realised they had redone the menu and now only offer about 6 pasta dishes.... so vittoria, whose menu offers many pasta options, was the new destination.the boyfriend and i arrived about 7:30pm on a tuesday and the place was buzzing.  loads of people enjoying dinner which meant we had about a ten or so minute wait to get a table.  not a problem though as this branch has a nice bar area (it is a bit small though) so we sat at one of the hi-top tables and ordered drinks.  i went with a bramble, which was a lovely gin conocotion with blackberry and lemon.  very tasty and a nice way to start my dinner.after a small wait we were shown to a table and given menus.  i had a serious debate over what to get as sooooooo many of their pastas looked delicious!!  we agreed to share a starter and try the aracini which is a breaded risotto ball.  it was good, not great and to be honest fell a bit short of expectations.  however the arrabiata sauce they served on the side was awesome!  i had to shout at the boy to stop trying to spoon it up while i still had some of the risotto ball to dip in it haha.mains arrived a suitable time after finishing out starters and i was well pleased with my spaghetti siciliana (minus the peppers as i'm not a fan).  lots of pasta in a rich tomato sauce with olive, capers, and aubergine mixed through out and then topped with freshly grated parmesan.  my boyfriend was equally happy with his seafood tagilatelle which had a good number of prawns, clams, mussels, and squid mixed through it.  we added a tasty side of garlic bread so i made sure to really enjoy bread and pasta after a week of not eating it.we declined dessert as i was satisfyingly full and didn't want to put myself into a food coma.  but they do offer a number of flavours of ice cream and sundaes in addition to traditional italian classics like tiramisu.  overall an incredibly enjoyable night!  the staff were very friendly and efficient although they seemed a wee bit slow taking our order.  i think it was down to the restaurant being busy though.  the food was very tasty and i felt it was reasonably priced as well.  definitely one of my prefered italians if i'm in need of a pasta fix!!  my only suggestion would be to book a table as they seem to always be busy.
3	Whats great about this traditional Italian establishment, well it has to be tackling catering to large groups of noisy foodies, such as the party of folks I joined for a pre-booked weekend evening meal, but such a busy place - it was full to the brim!With an abundance of dishes such as toasted bread tomato type veggie option a kind of mushroomy version of a Beef Wellington, and various chickeny dishes, this moderate sized Italian restaurant in the city named Vittoria, kind of made me feel like I was in Rome again.Situated in central new town, on George IV bridge, there was certainly a madness of king sized portions, as after scoffing the starter and mains some were stuffed. With the table booked for another party, meals running a little late(1/2 hour) also another venue booked we couldn't stay all night, just as well we wouldn't have managed dessert anyhow! However once the food started to arrive the pace stepped up, time just flew by and before we knew it was vacate the premises, but did get a discount due to not enough time left for dessert.Apologies to the couple who were seated next to us- the exhalment of merry laughter meant for the duration, hope our bunch didn't spoil their night too much? To summarise, in large groups expect slight delays in food service, but overall service was very good once it got going, but if going for a romantic meal on a Saturday expect noisy parties next door. Would go again but would try mid-week.
5	Popped in for a quick lunch today.  The menu is quite extensive.  I ordered a mushroom brie wellington, not because I am a vegetarian - because I'm not - but because it sounded awesome.  It was.  Inventive and extremely tasty!Servers were all smiles.  The atmosphere was a little noisy.  We were a bit underdressed, but no one seemed to mind.  My five year old loved the place, too!I just realized that in the commotion of trying to get a business card to leave at the B&B for future guests that I may have stiffed the staff on the tip!!  If you work here and are reading this, contact me!
5	This was some of the best Italian food I have experienced. Tried both the "Lasagna di Mamma" and the Vittoria Pasta. The Vittoria Pasta was out of control good... The ambiance is hip with a modern feel but the service and food feels homestyle and comforting. They have a great list of wines for amazing prices and a large selection of gelato flavors for dessert.While in town, we stayed on the Royal Mile, walked to the restaurant for dinner, and then hopped a good number of nearby pubs to end the night. I would absolutely go here again, even two nights in a row.
4	LOVE my Yelp app especially when I'm looking for food in foreign places.  My friends and I were about everywhere during the Fringe and wanted to have dinner that didn't involve standing on the street corner.  I did a quick search and luckily this Italian place was nearby.  We put our name down, decided to get a few drinks across the street.  I think most places in Edinburgh were really busy so waiting was expected.I LOVE that they give you the option of having half portion of pizza and pasta if you can't decide.  I'm always struggling between the two so it was great to have the best of both worlds.  I had the Ortolana pizza (Yum!) and veggie lasagne (was more like a lump of cheese with veggies... probably wouldn't order this again).  I think the pizza was definitely better than the lasagne but maybe I should've tried the meat one.
5	Go for the pasta but return again (and again and again) for the gelato!  Best salted caramel gelato ever!My dear friend and travel companion had been trying to get me to Scotland for years, but this bonafide Francophile had serious doubts about the ability to obtain non-fried sustenance while in the land of William Wallace.  No, haggis does not count!  Sheep's liver and heart stewed in blood and shoved into the stomach lining of a slaughtered animal is NOT adequate sustenance - unless you're Hannibal Lecter *cue creepy inhalation and pour the Chianti*  I know!  I know!  It's not fried, but it looks like a swollen, hairless testicle and I've never been the sort who enjoyed the sensation of sweaty, swollen, hairless testicles in my mouth.  Not that there's anything wrong with that sort of predilection.  No judgement here.  If you're Scottish or a haggis aficionado, silence the lambs, pour the Chianti, and carry on.Sorry, but I sometimes digress.  Especially when I've forgotten to take my ADD medication - ooo, look at the pretty butterfly...Back to my visit to Vittoria's.  After multiple trips to France and one failed brief sojourn into the borders of Scotland I decided to yield to my friend's suggestion and visit Edinburgh.  Day one -  both of our meals were consumed at Benny's Fish and Chips off High Street.  The fish was light and flaky, the chips were... Wait!  I'm supposed to be reviewing Vittorios, aren't I?  Sorry, another digression.  Where is my ADD medication?By day two, I needed something more than deep fried fish and potatoes swimming in vinegar.  I needed real brain food: pasta and chocolate (Not together.  That would be gross. Wouldn't it?  Hmmm, let me ponder that coupling).I pulled out my iPhone an Yelped restaurants. Vittoria's came up first - higher rating, closest proximity.  I scanned the reviews and...SCORE!  Pasta!The facade was sleek and modern.  The hostess friendly and welcoming.  The atmosphere hip and arty.My friend ordered chicken Parmesan (chicken pounded thin, breaded, and coaxed into a bath of bubbling oil - she's more Scottish than me and likes her food fried, even her Italian food).  She said it was  delicious.  I believe her.I had their special - pasta tossed in a red sauce of vegetables and spices and lovely, odiferous garlic.  It was divine.  I washed it down with a glass of Chianti (feel free to make the creepy Hannibal Lechter inhalation noise) and then took a moment to appreciate the shaft of golden sunlight streaming in through the sparkling front windows.  Sunlight in Edinburgh in the middle of Spring? I took it as a blessing from the Gods of Gastronomy.  (Wahhhhhh.  Cue celestial voices singing).   Obviously the unseen forces of food were pleased with our decision to abandon the fried food and swollen testicles.  And like any beneficent, generous god, Gastronomy just kept giving.  For, after appreciating the shaft of celestial light, my gaze fell upon an even more heavenly site: Vittoria's Gelato Stand (conveniently located beside the pasta bar). As giddy as someone entering the pearly gates, I sauntered (Don't laugh - sauntered is a highly under-appreciated word that should be widely embraced by the English speaking populace.  Think how much more you would respect Kim Kardashian if you heard her utter, "I think I shall saunter to Rodeo Drive and drop several thousand Gs at Versace.")...I sauntered over to the gelato stand and pressed my greedy little face to the glass.  Cherry.  Chocolate. Coconut.  Which flavor to choose?  I opted for Carmelita - creamy vanilla bean flecked gelato swirled with ribbons of caramel and sprinkled with bits of melt-in-your-mouth caramel.  Random awkward confession:  I was a shameless glutton. I visited Vittoria's Gelateria several times over the next few days and consumed an unsightly and embarrassing amount of caramel gelato.  I even skipped breakfast and lunch in favor of a gelato brunch.  There.  I said it.  Judge me if you will.  Call me a glutton.  Call me a sugar addict.  People have said worse things about me, and I'm okay with that because at least nobody can accuse me of seeking orgasmic culinary delight by mouthing hairless testicles.  That's a legacy I can be proud of.
3	The great thing about italian is that it is done decently well in most countries in the world.  Scotland is no different...which is why Vittoria came in relatively average in my book.  The menu is moderately priced and the food is moderately good.  Two nights previously in St. Andrews we had italian that blew this out of the water in terms of food and ambiance.  I give it three stars because it really wasn't bad, so a lower rating would be unfair.  Definitely an fine spot for bigger parties as they have a lot of space.  Not intimate though...wouldn't go here on a date.  I think Edinburgh has more to offer if you try harder to find a place.
4	This place is a regular go-to for office lunches when people join, leave or even just because. Service is usually prompt, the quality of food is consistent & the price for the lunch menu is spot on.
4	My daughter has coeliac disease and had the best pasta meal in a restaurant she has had since being diagnosed, the rest of the party also enjoyed a fabulous meal, brilliant service.
4	When my friend suggested Vittorias for dinner, I automatically went to their website to check out if they had a mailing list and they do. I joined this and got a discount email sent to me for 50% off main courses. The restaurant was nice although when we were shown to our table, it was wedged Inbetween two other tables and I asked if we could have another table less crowded and we did get one which had a great view to the kitchen so we could see our food bring made. It's nice to see Italian waiting staff and they were very polite and smiled. My problem was that they didn't know about the ingredients of their dishes. As I am vegetarian I don't eat Parmesan cheese as it has rennet in it (calves stomach lining) but the dishes labeled with a "v" pretty much all had Parmesan in them. I ended up playing it safe with a pizza as they couldn't conform some ingredients. The same trouble came with desert and the ice cream had animal fat in it do I ended up with a liqueur coffee instead. Now my food was lovely but it seemed a great effort for pizza and a coffee! My friend I was with had no complaints at all (but she eats anything) I have given 4 stars as what I had was nice but the staff need to get a better knowledge of the ingredients
4	This smart-looking yet not too pricey restaurant near to the centre of Edinburgh certainly knows what it is doing when it comes to both food and appearances. An expansive menu with many options suiting vegetarians and many gluten-free options contains a variety of familiar Italian dishes and some more personal ones. The serving staff were quick, friendly and extremely polite. Personally, I opted for the half-pizza-half-pasta (something I've only seen here). I chose the Capricciosa Pizza and the Spaghetti Carbonara originale. Both were very well cooked and seasoned. The spaghetti carbonara was a little creamier than most 'traditional' carbonara dishes that I am used to - a person with me who ordered the in-house carbonara complained it was far too creamy (it looked it) - but all the more was full of taste. The pizza was thin, crispy and had a delicious balance between pizza sauce and cheese, which was pleasing. All very authentic and true to Italian food. The drinks throughout the night were delicious, as was the selection of wines (though the waiter should brush up on his knowledge of the wines served - "I don't know" to a question of the recommended white wine was disappointing)The one gripe I had with the restaurant (and one reason I am withholding giving it a five star review) was, after being seated and waiting for 15 minutes, our party had to remind the host to assign us a server, to which he hastily beckoned a waitress to serve us. All in all a good place to eat in a group, as a family, or even on a date.
4	Met a friend here for lunch and we were both well impressed. Service was good and fast, so fast they also cleared my chai before I was done drinking it!Pasta was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Though you'd expect nothing less from this Italian 'chain'. I've been to La Favourita a few times, but this was my first visit to Vittoria and I wouldn't hesitate to return. Prices are reasonable for center of town and portions weren't too bad, tho it was definitely a 2 course lunch. Think I would have left slightly hungry if I hadn't had dessert.
5	Suggested by the hotel Missoni to go here. Great food and great service. The BEST lasagna I have had in years. If you are here you must try this place. You will not be disappointed.
4	Nice friendly welcome, maybe too many choices on the menu!Choices for gluten/ wheat free diners. Nice early evening dinner
2	Not worth a visit. Lots of entree options but it felt like an Applebee's - with plastic menu's, oversized portions and overcooked food. Food is inexpensive but you get what you pay for. Service was good and atmosphere was average.
4	One of the best services we have ever had and a really excellent pizza, which we almost regretted ordering after seeing the delicious pasta being served around us! Really attentive waiters who were great for recommendations, particularly the sicilian wine. Even the nostalgic bowl of ice cream was really, really good. Well worth a visit!
5	Traveling with celiac disease, it can be quite difficult to find places that are safe to eat & also healthy. Vittoria had so many options for me to choose from! It was the best meal of my trip (previously in London) and I might even go back again tonight for more! The staff was great. I had the salmon which was a lovely portion accompanied with a pesto sauce over some potatoes, very filling! I highly recommend anyone to try this restaurant and if you have celiac you must eat here!
5	We pretty much can't get enough of this place. The servers always remember us, even if we haven't been there in a while, and the food is always consistently good. We've never had a meal miss the mark here. Especially delicious are the polpetti and the bruschetta, though we've tried many other items on the menu and they've all been great.
5	Visited this restaurant for the first time as a party of 6 for my Dads birthday. The welcome was warm, service was attentive and as we were seated quite near the kitchen, our mouths watered with the smells & food passing our table! We started with Cozze (Mussels) which was a huge portion cooked to perfection, Polpette (Meatballs) which were tasty & just the right amount of heat, Pate Della Casa, Bruscetta & Barbeque Pork Spare Ribs, the meat of which fell from the bones. Clean plates all round! For mains we had Spaghetti Carbonara, Pizza Diavolo which lived up to its spicy name, Calzone, Fusilli with Chicken & Pesto which was so delicious I could have licked the plate, Chicken Cacciatora and Fillet Steak which my son declared was the best he ever tasted! With just enough room for dessert... the Baileys Cheesecake, Chocolate Cake & Banoffee Pie all got the thumbs up. Given the quality of the food & portion size, along with the great service this is definitely a place to visit & we will be back.
