5	So Yummly. Whenever im in Vegas i stop here. The Teriyaki Chicken bowl, and the fruit smoothies with or without boba. No extra charge for extra teriyaki sauce either. Its simple delicious food.
4	Operated by Cantonese - that's one star I am voting for already! But let's get serious here, The Teriyaki Company is pretty awesome.  $3.99 for the teriyaki bowl, and I hear they have a second-to-none awesome deal on lunch.  Teriyaki chicken lunch plate with egg rolls for $4.99. Speaking of egg rolls, they are absolutely LEGIT.  Being from Hong Kong myself, I know a legit egg roll when I see it.  It is twice as long as the ones you usually see at similar teriyaki chicken places, and the timing of the frying is superb.  The egg rolls don't have none of those crazy cabbage fillers, but instead, they are pure chicken and, wait for it...., chopped up chestnuts!  Yep!  The chestnuts act as a filler, but they also create that extra crunch, not that it need it... But chestnuts in egg rolls is what you will find in Asia, or at least in well-to-do restaurants in Hong Kong.  Still not convinced?  I usually don't even eat the egg rolls that come with my meals, but I would go back to TTC just for the egg rolls.Now that since I am here at the TTC again for the egg rolls, might as well get the better-than-your-standard chicken teriyaki plate!  Now, mind you, this is still a chicken teriyaki bowl after all, so don't expect a life-changing experience because this is not the restaurant for it.  However, if you are interested in fresh chicken and just the right amount of teriyaki sauce with slightly-moister-than-usual rice, then TTC has it all!I also tried the yakisoba, and THAT was also awesome.  I don't know how yakisoba can be awesome, but it was!  Listen, I feel a bit shameful to be giving TTC a 4 star just because it is located in a somewhat gross side of town and that it is basically a mock of Asian food, but I will feel wrong to not yelp about TTC because they actually do know what they are doing there, for what it's worth!  So, go try it!
5	Absolutely Love this place. No where else in vegas can you get so much food for such a inexpensive price and be this delicious. I come here ATLEAST twice a month. The General Tsao Chicken is amazing and the Thai Tea with boba is to die for. MUST TRY if you're in vegas!
4	Tokyo eggroll.......I would drive across town just to get some, seriously.My normal order is 2 orders of enrolls and wanton soup. Hubby' s is teriyaki chicken.  I  really want to try the yakisoba, but the eggrolls suck me in every time.
5	You can't go wrong with this restaurant. The staff is friendly and the food is amazingly delicious and all at a very good price. The Teriyaki chicken combo and the shrimp w/ veggies combo are my favorite! Every combination plate comes with enough food for two people and costs less than $10, you literally get MORE than what you pay for. Your taste buds will love you and your stomach will thank you!
2	Im always down to try new places I havnt been to especially when its teriyaki!Here I ordered the chicken/beef combo. Comes with vegetables and a drink for around 6 bucks and change. The chicken was a bit dry and the beef was tender. The teriyaki sauce they drizzle on the food was ok. I thought it lacked a little bit of that sweet taste that compliments the saltiness of the soy sauce. The veggies were a bit soggy like it was overcooked a bit. Service wise the Chinese lady that took my order was ok. Even though she spoke english, she still had a strong accent. Kind of reminds me of some of my aunts when they talk to me (im Filipino by the way). It almost sounds like she is mad when she talks but I know she isnt because that is what im used to. Anyways, after I ordered, a white dude came in and started asking questions about the menu since it was his first time. For the next 5 minutes, I dont know if they were arguing or fighting because since the Chinese lady talks like she is mad, the white dude kind of raised his voice to match the tone of the Chinese lady. In the end, the white dude just turned around and left with a disgusted look on his face. I was kind of shaking my head because I wasnt sure exactly what went down. Because of that, I didnt seem to enjoy my food as much as I wanted on top of it not tasting as good as I wanted it to be.While I was there, there were a group of girls that ordered smoothies with boba. I asked them if it was any good. They said they come here all the time to have their boba fix. So I thought I would give it a try since they recommeded it. I orderd avocado since that was my favorite. Once I took a sip I was really disappointed. The boba was good but the drink was way too sweet! As for the overall observance of the place, well they have different posters on their walls that are for sale if you wanted it. A couple examples are Jet Li and Bruce Lee. They also had a separate glass counter that had all sorts of trinkets in it that was for sale also. The size of the place was pretty decent with about 6 medium sized tables and enough chairs.Overall, I wasnt too impressed. The next time im in the area I might give these guys another try. Maybe the ambiance and food will be better.
2	Been here many times when I didn't know a better Teriyaki place that shall go unnamed. Great prices, big selection, bad service.I was a customer until I got turned off my the main old lady in charge. I asked for a simple replacement of chicken that had TOO much sauce and she didn't want to do it. Eventually she did but gave a really bad attitude; this is after coming many times. The Teriyaki was OK. chicken was undercooked as I noted a few times. The main reason why I came here so much because it was cheap, close to my house, and only teriyaki place I knew.I found a few other places so this will no longer be my destination to satisfy my teriyaki cravings.
5	My mom lives down the street so she comes here all the time. We have been coming here for years and have never had a problem. My favorites are the chicken fried rice and mango boba. This restaurant also sells little asian trinkets for pretty cheap. I like this place a lot. Give it a try.
4	The food is damn good. I've been coming to this restaurant for years. I love thAt Kung pao chicken.
1	Me and my husband used to go all of the time but then one day we came in and we were informed that the previous owners had retired and they left the shop to "family".. We usually get the teriyaki chicken noodle bowl and we loved it.. We ordered and got our food, we took it home and opened the box and saw that the chicken had changed.. It used to be strips but this time it was shredded and it tasted like the rotisserie chicken you get from Wal-Mart.. And also the noodles were flat instead of round.. It was terrible.. My husband and I will most likely not return.. It's very unfortunate that they changed their recipes because they really had a good thing going.. If you've been going to this restaurant for years but haven't been back recently BE WARNED it's changed for the worst..
