3	What? A new Indian restaurant in the neighborhood? I'm there. Billu's Indian Grill is on Banksville Rd., adjacent to the Day's Inn, where the now defunct Maharaja used to stand. Good riddance Maharaja, this is most definitely an improvement over that unhappy place. We went for lunch yesterday, eager to give the buffet a try. First impressions are that they gave this place a much needed deep cleaning, as it looks better, though the decor has not changed. We were greeted and offered a booth and a beverage, and we both asked for masala spiced tea, then headed for the buffet. It's a smallish buffet, with both vegetarian and meat options available. The cold buffet with the raita, chutneys and salad is around the corner, which we missed on our first go 'round. Yesterday they had chicken tikka masala, goat curry and tandoor chicken for the meat choices, and dal, a spicy potato dish, cauliflower and mutter paneer for veggie options. They also had those yummy fried vegetable fritters, rice and naan, with kheer and that sweet shredded carrot dish for desserts. The chicken tikka was excellent, and the mutter paneer was light and delicious. We both liked the spicy potatoes and the cauliflower dish. I found the other dishes a little oily and heavy for my taste, but this is Northern Indian food, and that's the style. The food has good flavor, with cardamon, cloves and cinnamon showing up in quite a few of the dishes. They sweeten the masala tea here, and I wish they wouldn't do that...people can add sweetener to their tea if they want it, and I do not. Service here is thorough and friendly, and the hospitality of the staff is wonderful, so they get points for that. We'll be back.
5	Tried the buffet a few weeks after they opened and we really enjoyed it.  The owner was very nice and extremely eager to make sure we liked it and asked if we had any suggestions.  Much much nicer inside than when it was Maharaja.  We enjoyed everything on the buffet, especially the goat and tandoori chicken.
1	This was my second trip to this newer Indian restaurant in the Day's Inn on Banksville.  The first time was ok, everything was swimming in oil but the flavors were pretty good and I liked the variety on the buffet.  This time was terrible.  The only Indian meal I have had that was worse was the one I had in this same space with the previous owners.  From top to bottom the dishes lacked depth of flavor and were lacking in some way or another.  The naan was buried in garlic powder and was inedible.  The gulab is served cold and was mushy.  The saag had poor consistancy and flavor.  The channa was cooked improperly and didn't taste good.  Everything was buried in cayenne to the extreme and it was inedible.  The pakora was good and I ate some tandoor because I was hungry.  I like some heat.  I like the heat you build with fresh and dried chiles.  I do not appreciate the sharp and flavorless heat you get when you dump a bunch of cayenne in a dish.  Mintt and Tamarind do the same ridiculous thing to some of their dishes but the difference is that their dishes have great flavors underneath.  Skip this one and go to Namaste down the street.
1	Food is OK. However customer service is bad, very rude. Not a place for a family outing or party. Highly dissatisfied.
4	A huge improvement over the prior restaurant.  Really nicely spiced dishes.  Catfish nuggets. My new favorite Indian buffet in Pittsburgh.
5	note this place has closed down for good, unfortunately.: ((((   was so good .
