4	This Arby's is in a very nice area. The inside of the restaurant is very clean and the food is hot and well prepared. It is usually not busy and the staff are quick and efficient. I enjoy having a view of the park as well.
4	One of the best Arby's locations.  The staff is very helpful and pleasant.  They bring the food to you at your table if there is a wait.  I ate the Ruben which was spectacular.  Sometimes I get the classic roast beef.  The curly  fries are fresh.  Food quality is top notch for this chain.  Also unlike several other locations in Las Vegas they have never refused my coupons which are usually obtained directly from Arby's official website/Facebook.
1	I don't know what to say here. I guess I went in on a bad night. I'm in town for work, so I went through the drive through to get a beef and cheddar and some potato cakes to munch on in my hotel room. When I got to the hotel room (the Aliante, which is minutes away) the bag was saturated with grease (see photo). I immediately went back and the crew working were unfriendly and unapologetic. No apologies or any sense of compassion. When I first walked in and told them about my greasy bag, the punk kid working the counter rolled his eyes and told some woman, you deal with this. She was equally as unpleasant as him. What a crew full of jerks!
1	Food was greasy and gross, couldn't eat the grease-soaked potato cakes, sandwich had dry bread and hardly any beef-the employees don't seem to care, this place blows!
5	I completely forgot to transfer funds from one acct to the next before going through the drive thru. Yes I was that person! Of course I get zero signal here. Gabrielle was so amazing he helped me through and didn't fuss when I had to run to the bank accross the street, after changing my order 4 times. Wasn't my day, but wow amazing service you don't get with fast food. I'd go there just because his bright cheerfullness will put a smile on your face!
1	I do not know anything else that I can say, but tonight experience at this local restaurant was terrible.As I pulled into the drive-thru I observed several people standing in front of the restaurant entrance, after waiting for several minutes no one came over the speaker to take my order. I pulled around to ask the employees if someone will take my order only to be laughed at... I again pulled around to look for a corporate telephone number to which I was unsuccessful.Bottom line, don't waste your time if you are trying to get some food in the later part of the evening at this location. They have posted hours but refuse to take an order... Disgusting customer service
