3	Since I work in 3 Gateway, there's no better option for a quick pick-me-up or a mid-day meal.  I've visited the Gateway Cafe about 5 times and plan to continue trying their timely, tasty creations.I'll start with the bad - the caesar salad isn't a great buy, considering the salad is 40% crouton and usually is composed of some less-than-fresh lettuce.  The portion is reasonable, and the price is great, but the end product is just a bit subpar.To the good - the breakfast sandwiches are tasty!!  Real eggs, cheese, and meat, all cooked to order.  Who knew??  Not a bad price at $3 and a quarter!Lots of drink and snack choices for those needing a caffeine surge or other boost and some of the friendliest and most gracious people around.  Give it a try!
1	Really did not like it here at all. Food was not particularly great either. I ordered a Ruben sandwich it had a weird aftertaste. I will not visit this place again.
3	I eat here several times a week since I work in the building.  The people are great. Friendly and happy to take your order.Never had a bad dish.  I recommend the #14 on toast.  Also the B.B.C.T.O without the T&O (Bagel, Bacon, Cream Cheese) breakfast is amazing!  I am craving it right now.  However,.... I can't get it because the line is out the door this morning and there is only one person working. With the addition of 110 employee company in the building the wait is ridiculous.  Even if I call ahead and wait 20 minutes before I go down. I still end up waiting ANOTHER 20 minutes for a sandwich. This has been happening on a regular basis now.  Please HIRE SOMEONE.  I hear lots of rumblings while waiting in line, so the frustration is not just me.  I think once the wait goes back to normal I will update with more starts.
5	I just had their lunch special: Hot Ham & 3 Cheese Melt. Large portion of either potato salad, cottage cheese, or noodle salad; along with a generous hot sandwich! All of it tasted excellent and with the nicest staff in town!
4	Well I think they have acclimated to the increase in people in the building since my last post.  I rarely have a wait and they know me by name. LOL.  The staff is always good for a little harassment.
1	Well, I broke away from my norm which is the lunch lounge across the street in the 501 building to see if I could get a little change, don't get me wrong, the lunch lounge ROCKS! five stars!!! but I wanted to venture out & heard about this place from some co-workers. After waiting 15min to order???? another 15min for my food & Oh BTW having to repeat my order to the girl, I finally got my ham sandwich. The bread was stale & chewy, this was on a Monday and I'm assuming made with old bread left over from the Friday or week before, the ham tasted so processed, and cut a lot thicker than I'm use to? My chips were passed their best eaten by date and the staff just seemed real quite and not so upbeat? I'm going to save my money, walk back across the street and go back to the lunch lounge! their line may be longer for good reason, but I've never waited more than 3 or 4min to place my order, and never more than 10min to get my food. True it takes a couple more minutes to walk across the street, but the Food & service offsets the time, and the staff makes up for that with their fresh, friendly, upbeat attitude! So take it from a true professional foodie, save your money, take the trip across the street, and enjoy some real fresh, home made delights!
2	Nice people, excruciatingly long wait. It should never take 10 minutes to get an under toasted English muffin. Won't be running back any time soon.
