3	Went here for the Pizza Buffet with some friends today.For the buffet, which comes with a drink it came out to $6.48 with tax.The place was busy and I can see why: A great value for the price.  Only a few times the pizza counter was empty, but that was soon alleviated by an onslaught of fresh, hot pizzas.  The pizza counter also included garlic bread twists and cinnamon twists.You can also partake of the salad bar that they have.Fresh lettuce, vegetables and a good choice of toppings and dressings.The staff is friendly and the place relatively clean.The only negative was that my friends kept complaining how hot it was.  If you sit very close to the pizza counter, it is very hot in the back.  I suggest sitting in the main dining area or closer to the front of the store where their are ceiling fans.
5	The Maui Zaui is basically a Hawaiian pizza on steroids! The Hawaiian pizza is my favorite. But the Maui-Zaui just knocks it out the park for me. It has everything a HP has and much more. Let's see... A sweet Polynesian sauce, crispy bacon bits, savory green onions, smokey Canadian bacon, red onions, mozzarella cheese and pineapples! I know it may sound a bit too much, but it's the greatest invention since tupperware.They even have pizza buffets which includes a salad bar. It's great for family or big groups. There's a small arcade for children. The place itself might not be so pleasing to the eye, but just close your eyes while you eat the pizza. Orr take it to-go. Otherwise.. It's not too bad.
4	Okay.... I wanted something homey and hearty to eat last night all in my lonesome. I decided for something I haven't had in a long time, but also something worth my money. Decision? Maui zaui pizza at round table for one please! This flavorful, mouthwatering, scrumptious, sliced-up, oven baked creation is still to this day one of my favorite top three and go eat when I need cheering up food. Maui zaui alone deserves four stars. Makes me wanna dance sitting on my couch with every bite I bite. Haha. Mix it with chicken wings, coke and a funny show or movie and you have just been cheered up. Sooo cheered up that I woke up this morning inspired to write my first review. Only reason I didn't give round table the so easily given fifth star is because they need to jump on the van wagon and make some deals for customers the same way pizza hut has ten dollar large pizzas. Maybe then they wouldn't have so many round table's in town closed and receive 'woohoo! As good as it gets!' ratings. Thanks for reading! =]
3	Round table had a pretty decent lunch buffet reasonably priced at 6 bucks the only down fall was they would lag on keeping fresh pizza available. Went there again last week and they raised the price and now it doesn't include a drink. For about $ 10 now I think I'll pass.
3	With my Groupon in hand and a hankering for some pizza pie, we headed to Round Table Pizza. Round Table is a standard pizza chain. We ordered a specialty meat lover's and a couple of sodas. The pizza is pretty tasty. Nothing amazing, but definitely solid pizza. The restaurant can be fun for kids. There are video games are fun (albeit dated) and my kid at heart fella spent some time playing them while we waited for the pizza to arrive. Service was friendly and efficient. I have no qualms coming back in the future.
3	I've heard alot about Round Table from Californians.  At first I was shocked that they charged $20 for a large pizza which would feed about 3 people.  For less, you can go to Dom Demarco's or Grimaldi's.But I have to say that the Chicken and Garlic was quite tasty.  The creamy garlic sauce is really addicting.  I think it would be awesome if you get a side on the side to dip your pizza in - kind of like Papa John's.What I like is that the crust on the bottom is crisp and the body of the crust has the nice chewy texture.  The crust experience was quite unique for a chain.  The leftovers were even better the next day.   My method is to nuke it for 30-40 seconds and finish it off on a cast iron.  It provides the same experience you have when eating there.I'll be back for their Mon-Sat lunch buffet.  Without the use of a groupon, I don't know if i would go back outside of the buffet especially when I believe you can get much better value and experience at Grimaldi's or Dom Demarco's.But the pizza here was still really good.  3.5 stars.
2	They have a lunch buffet, there was a fellow on the corner of Ft. Apache and Sahara touting it and I'm sorry I went. In my youth this was the last honest pizza, real cheese and delicious meats and crispy but yeasty doughy crusts. The salad bar was three star with better than average lettuce but the dressings were awful, oily and not flavorful. The pizza was all thin crust, burnt or well done and not as good as I remember. The cinnamon crust desert was ok. Life is too short to get a Cici's experience at what should be a better lunch experience. Sadly, my feeling this place was on it's way out and I won't be back.
1	I'm writing this review in the frustration I am having with round table. First, I tried to order online. They could not find a location near me, no matter what zip code, address, navigation menu I tried and I know that there is one up the street. I give up on trying to order online and just want to look at the menu to try to budget my order. The site doesnt show prices. I give up the Internet and try the old fashioned phone call order. I called this particular round table. The first two times the line was busy. The third time, I get a ring, and a ring, and a ring, and a ring. No one answers the phone. I hang up and try again. I get a ring, and a ring, and a ring, and a ring. After about the tenth ring I give up.I don't have a review on the food because apparently round table doesn't want me to order from them. I wish I could tell you they have great customer service, but they apparently don't want to talk to me either, on the phone anyways. I can tell you their website is not very helpful. I'm frustrated. Guess I'll just stick to five dollar hot and ready's instead of trying the $20+ pizzas. Can't say I didn't try though!
4	As far as international pizza chains goes, Round Table is the best IMHO.I lived in California for a big chunk of my life, and have tried pizzas made by all of their major competitors (you know who they are), and RT has always been the pizza of choice for its superior quality and taste.  So I was glad to find a few RT franchises in Las Vegas.This particular location is near the new Bachi Burger location on West Sahara and a local theater, and the staff here are usually pretty friendly. I been here about 4-5 times and it is never really busy, so the wait for your pizza is usually not much longer than it takes for them to assemble and bake.Guinevere's Garden Delight and Maui Zaui are my usual orders, when I get a RT craving.  Food:  4/5  Yummy.Price/Value:  3.5/5  More expensive than their competitors, but it also tastes better than their national chain competitions.Parking: 4/5 Plenty of spaces.Service:  4/5  Quick.4 stars.
