4	Nice little place.  I had a burger and it was well prepared and very tasty.  My wife ordered a veggie sandwich and she said it was very good.  The owner (at least I think it was the owner) was very attentive and on top of things.  He made sure we had a nice experience and went the extra mile to make sure my young daughter enjoyed her meal.  Definitely will be coming back.  Their breakfast items sounded pretty good so I think we may try that next.
5	Awesome service! Great food! I ordered the pecan belgian waffle and its probably the best I've had...will definitely visit again.  Give it a try!
4	I tried this place out for the first time today and ordered the blackened chicken sandwich. The bun was really good and toasted perfectly. The chicken was well seasoned and grilled to perfection. Initially, I wished they'd given me more fries, but the sandwich was so big I was glad they didn't. I'll definitely be back.
3	First time here today, on a lunch date with the wife. She got the Baked Bacon & Turkey, and I got the French Dip.PROS:- Both sandwiches were tasty. Not "out of this world," but a good lunch. The fries were good as well.- The front staff are very friendly and welcoming.CONS:- The ambiance is just so-so. It lacked a certain homey warmth we like to see in a local cafe.- The chef (who I think is the owner as well) does not come across as super friendly. We caught eyes a couple times while he was in the kitchen (it's a small place), but not once did he crack a smile. Perhaps he was just "in the zone" on his work.- We were in the mood for a couple IPAs, so we ordered the only ones on the beer menu, which was very slim pickings in the first place. Unfortunately, when they arrived (bottles already opened), they were "pale ales" and not true IPAs (any self-respecting IPA drinker knows a pale ale tastes VERY different than an IPA). We brought this to the manager's (at least we think she was the manager) attention, and while she DID apologize and state that they would be correcting the menu for the future, she did NOT offer to comp our beers. Granted, we drank them (they were already open, so to pour them out would be true "alcohol abuse"!), but I would expect at least a 50% discount given the inaccuracy of their menu. As it was, we paid $8 for a couple pale ales we could've purchased across the street for a couple bucks.In the end, while we enjoyed a nice lunch together, my wife and I probably will not be frequenting this local cafe even though it is only a mile from our house. We hope the business does well though. It's been sad to see so many businesses come and go in that location, so it'd be nice to see one stick around longer and thrive.
5	Great new cafe in the mallard church prosperity road area.   Waffles are authentic and omelets are fluffy.  Need to support the locals!
4	We had a yummy brunch!  I really want this business to succeed, so I want to add some glows and grows. Glows: The corned beef hash and strawberry french toast had the perfect flavors. Truly amazing and delicious. Everyone was so nice and friendly-great service! The waitress was so attentive and my coffee was never empty. The owner came out to the dining room between orders to check on his guests and make sure everyone was enjoying their meals. Grows: the atmosphere is a little odd. I expected a diner with the menu options, but the inside looks exactly what it is, a restaurant space that's been in many different hands and has no theming. A coat of white paint to cover the mustard sponge paint would go a long way to brighten the dining area. The servings were HUGE!  And your plate is pretty much made up of the one thing you order, no sides included. I'd love to see the serving sizes reduced, kept at the same price, and then have a side added - fresh fruit would have been great. All in all, I'll probably be back, but will probably end up splitting a dish due to the size of each plate. Thanks for the delicious breakfast!
5	We stopped by this little gem a couple of days ago for lunch. Everything about this restaurant was perfect. The dining room was small and quiet, the staff were attentive, helpful, and plesant, the food was fresh, hot, and expertly prepared. The bacon cheeseburger I had was one of the best I've had in Charlotte, and my boyfriend loved his Reuben. We will be returning often.
1	I give it one star as of Dec 22nd 2014 only because this is UNDER NEW OWNERSHIP!   I have indeed eaten here before, under the PREVIOUS ownership and agree whole-heartedly with most of the previous reviews written here, but  wasn't able to add to them at the time.I came here a second time but I MUST give 1 star as my experience here was simply... not good.  Husband & I already went to 2 other places this day and they were not open, so last and final stop #3 before heading home....Kaspers Grill.Mind you, already been here (for breakfast) under the old ownership, and now we were going to try lunch.  1)  what to drink?  well, with the ELEVEN bottles of wine on display ON the wall, ON the shelf... we each decided to go with a glass of red wine.  Waitress says, only white, zinfandel, and moscato; NO red wine.  We opt for a heinekin  (these wines do not appeal to us and/or too sweet for our taste)strike 2)  starter appetizer ON THE MENU, fried calamari.  Well, waitress came back and said they didn't have any today.strike 3)  ok... no appetizer, we'll just order our lunch.  Husband selects a sandwich wrap with sirloin; I select the french dip sandwich -BOTH ON THE MENU.  The Chef comes out and says, "we don't have either of the items you have ordered.  I was taking these off the menu but the waitress did not know that...."OK!  STRIKE THREE, YOU ARE OUT!!  I asked, "Has this recently changed ownership because I noticed that this place was closed for a few weeks then reopened?"  He answered, "yes".All in all...I was quite discouraged and politely stated that we decided to drink our heinekins and leave.    I *MAY* return, when it is"READY TO BE OPEN FOR BUSINESS" ( I didn't say that to them, btw).  Sadly, I hesitate to return because of the poor management in just opening this business under the new management.... I therefore have no comment on the food because we didn't eat any.  (We went home for lunch).
