4	So this place is also Lasik of Nevada as well. I Normally don't like places that have two names. Making everything confusing. Only eye center is outside but when you go inside there are a few booklets saying Lasik of Nevada. They have two locations.The Lasik Pre-op took about 2 hours and they dilate your eyes so everything was blurry for a while. Thank goodness bring someone so they could have drove. Couldn't see near things only far. Also bring your own sunglasses that is heavy tinted or else they give you oogly paper ones. That look super funny. Had to sign papers and did a few eye test with other doctors, nurses etc. The Lasik doctor is not on site until the date of the procedure. Also they don't tell you the time & which doctor you get until the day before the procedure. Sigh.So you need to wear glasses for 2 weeks, which is annoying but they want your eyes to breath. Also you need to get some RX which one is pricey from $108-$132.99 eye drops. The cheapest is Costco & Sams Club.  1st RX is Zymaxid which is the expensive one & the 2nd is Pred Forte which is from $12.67-$51.99 Also you would need some vial individual preservative-free eye drops. Will update after the procedure.  Also they only accept  Visa, Master, Cashier check and Cash. How rude. I heart my AMEXPrice List for the RX these prices is for cash. So if you have insurance it should be cheaper for you.Costco   with coupon from online $108.00 w/o coupon is $112.71 with membership & w/o member ship is $118.35 for Zymaxid. Pred Forte is $12.67Sam's Club  Z $110.32 PF $14.54Walmart  Z $114.85  PF $17.46Target  Z $131.49  PF $17.49CVS  Z $128.99  PF$51.99Walgreens Z $114.85  PF $36.00
2	So before purchasing the Groupon deal for Lasik. I have called and asked for a quoted price for the Lasik. Also they tell you its free consulting etc. It's only free if you get the Lasik. If you change your mind, you need to pay about $200. So the price was $4,500 from mid to high prescription which the Groupon covers that but when you go there they say otherwise and charge extra $800. If you don't want to pay the extra you get the PRK procedure which is a more painfully and longer healing time. sigh Also sometime the check up appts they run super late. Waited 45 mins for a 5-8 mins check up. Grrr..
5	Outstanding place & service.  Beautiful glasses and great customer care.  Highly Recommend.
2	I bought a livingsocial to get a routine eye exam..arrived at eye center..not trendsetter eye wear..ok.. Have been sitting here for 45 minutes while no other customers are here...The employees seem bored and inattentive and there is no sense of urgency or importance to get things done. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because one employee was very nice and greeted me with a smile and was a little more helpful than the rest, yet still left me sitting, oh and they get one for having nice decor..I'm still confused about what is going on with this place and wouldn't recommend purchasing.
1	I came back today to pick up my glasses at my SCHEDULED appointment time..when I arrived the gentleman told me that the glasses would not be there until the afternoon and never are so he's not sure why he told me to come in earlier in the day! (Even though he scheduled my appointment). He then proceeded to say "would you like me to drop everything here and go to the lab myself to get them right now, seeing as how you think you are at priority" I was shocked at his rude, sarcastic remark and asked if he was honestly talking to a paying customer that way. He simply said the glasses will be here at 1:00pm. If you are considering coming here, TURN AWAY NOW!! Very rude, very unprofessional, unorganized and have terrible customer service skills.
