5	Dr Ashley Bensfield is absolutely awesome. I was recently referred to the Veterinary Neurological Center by my vet when my dog became very ill.   By good fortune, I was assigned an appointment with Dr Bensfield.   She was super knowledgeable and observant.  She had a wonderful "bedside manner" with both my dog and me.   Her skills in making preliminary diagnosis and an explanation of alternative causes inspired confidence in her abilities. It provided understanding of the situation which was a relief after many days of uncertainty and confusion.  Unfortunately, after a subsequent MRI, my dog's condition  was determined to be the worst of the alternatives, which was critical and irreversible, and he was summoned to doggie heaven way too soon.   It gave me great comfort to have Dr Bensfield as a resource at a most difficult time.
1	I had a complete opposite experience with the Vet Neurology Center.  After keeping us waiting for over 8 hours for X-rays and an MRI (a process that should have taken 2-3 hours at most), and charging us exhorbitant amounts of money, they did nothing to help our dog.  I supposed there was really nothing they could do.  But forcing her to spend her final hours in their depressing building was unnecessary, I believe.And they could have at least faked a bit of compassion.  We sat for hours in their sterile waiting room, worried and wondering.  The receptionists acted like we were just a bother to them.  The doctor promised he would call and follow-up.  We are still waiting for that call.It was an awful experience.  If you can avoid the Vet Neurological center, you should, IMO.  You may have no choice if your regular vet suggests an MRI.  But be prepared to be treated without compassion.  And bring your life savings.  You may need that -- and more.Good luck.  I hope your experience is better than ours was.
1	As an update, more than three weeks have passed, and we still have not received a follow-up call from the doctor.  The only vet we have ever had who failed to follow-up...  I'm disappointed, but not surprised.  And frankly, after all we've been through, we would rather not talk to him again.
4	At first glance, my Yelp buddies may be thinking "Finally!  She's put the lid on that can of crazy and adopted a new pet!  Too bad it needs a neurologist."  Well, no I haven't. That shows you what my list of unfinished reviews looks like.  So here's my review from my August 2011 visit.  Rest assured, it was so traumatizing I can accurately remember the pertinent details.After my kitty suffered a severe seizure, losing her eyesight, the emergency clinic recommended a neuro consult as they were unable to pinpoint the cause.    So we loaded up our already deaf, now blind, and extremely pissed off family member into the car and  headed from one hospital to another.The facility is in an odd industrial area, but it was very clean and the staff friendly.  We were greeted promptly and had a minimal wait.  Suzi was first thoroughly examined by an resident.  She was minimally cooperative, but he was good with her.  He then took her to another room for a second examination by a neurologist, Dr. Evans.  We were not offered the opportunity to accompany Suzi, but we were not exactly at the top of her list anyway.  Following Dr. Evan's exam, he did meet with us to report his findings.  His best guess was a brain tumor, but in absence of an MRI, he could not be certain.  We discussed treatment options; however, as she was already 19, I was not willing to consider surgery or radiation.  He suggested a course of steroids which could reduce any swelling causing the blindness.The only thing preventing me from a 5-star review was the topic of the MRI.  While I did not feel pressured, I was encouraged to move forward with it for a definitive diagnosis even after I expressed concern over her age and current weakened state following the seizures.  I asked if the MRI were positive what conservative treatment was available.  The answer...a course of steroids, the same thing if it were negative.  I fully understand it was their obligation to communicate all available diagnostics and treatments available, but I also understand that I could have easily been swayed to spend $3000 just for peace of mind in my case.The steroids did appear to help as Suzi's sight returned and she had 3 more months seizure-free.  Dr. Evans' best guess diagnosis appeared to be accurate, as she did exhibit additional symptoms pointing to a brain tumor just before we euthanized her.  I would not hesitate to trust this facility again should the need arise.
5	I'm writing this review because when my girlfriend and I were trying to find somewhere to fix our dog I wasn't sure I was going to go here bc of some of the yelp reviews. Yes, it's ridiculously expensive to do testing and operations on your pet, but it's like that ANYWHERE you go. Yes, they are a business and keeping a team of friendly helpful staff and knowledgable doctors is not cheap, they make money off if their testing and surgery. Like any other center of this type. Our dog Betty woke up paralyzed one Sunday morning at my girlfriends moms house in AZ we got in the car and drove out from LA as soon as we could to get her to see someone.  We were recommended to go here from another very knowledgable vet in Arizona. From the beginning the staff here was nothing but helpful. They fit us in the same day to see someone and were so kind through the whole process. They needed to do additional testing on Betty bc X-rays were not showing something out of the ordinary to explain the paralysis. Let me note here though that we didn't ever feel the doc was pushy about doing the surgery. He have us the statistics of her walking again and explained other options for treatment if surgery was going to be too expensive. We decided that if they found she had a bulging or herniated disc, which he suspected, we would do surgery.The price tag was huge for us but the staff helped us every step of the way through applying for care credit for half and then setting up a payment plan through them for the rest. Betty is now on her way to full recovery and it had everything to do with this place. I told myself if this worked out I would write a review about the WORK they do and our experience of the staff, instead of complaining about the price. Thank you everyone from the bottom of our hearts for giving Betty her legs back! Don't think twice about taking your pet to this place. Yes, they might need to run tests to make a diagnosis but you are in great hands.
5	I had my reservations at first but Dr. Knowles really tried to help my boy.  My 12 year old Great Pyrenees lost function of his hind legs and was treated for polyneuropathy, after a week of treatment the doctor herself called to see how he was and wanted an MRI of his spine to make sure she didn't miss anything...sure enough he had 2 herniated disks! Unfortunately they found pneumonia and started treatment.  We had to take him to a 24 hour hospital early in the morning and even with knowing Dr. Knowles would be on vacation for a few days she still kept her direct phone on to keep in touch with the emergency veterinarians!  Not to mention the staff I dealt with was amazing and a special thanks to the business office for all of their help!
5	My dog Scooby has ruptured his discs 4 times, but only requiring surgery twice.  Both times the doctors and staff were very good and caring. Scooby's surgery was expensive, but worth it.  The back surgery they do there on herniated discs is like a miracle, I recommend it if your dog has this problem.  I am so grateful for their care (most especially to Dr. Schissler who is very kind) and so grateful there is a vetrinary neurologist in Phoenix.  Your pet will be in good hands here.
5	The staff here really took excellent care of my chihuahua. Dr. Knowles is great and the entire staff is always so friendly! Took my dog here for an MRI which is expensive, but thankfully I have pet insurance which covered 90% of it. He stayed there over a weekend and they even let me come in on a Sunday when they were closed to come in and visit him. I'm in here twice a month now until he's completely healed and I am so thankful for this place!
5	We brought our Sadie girl here (female boxer) to be checked out for her legs. Based on her symptoms Dr. Plummer pretty much had an idea of what she has; degenerative myelopathy. Instead of having us go through extremely expensive MRI's and xrays he suggested that the most cost effective plan would be to genetically test her for Degenerative Myelopathyuch first. This only cost a coUple hundred compared to the thousand or so it could have cost for tests that probably wouldn't have led to a diagnoses. It's nice going to a vet that understands how expensive things can get and give you options. To us it showed that they care for their patients more than bringing in another dollar. Dr. Plummer had a wonderful bedside manner. He was sincere in his concern and examined her thoroughly, testing her reflexes as well as her eyes. He basically checked her from head to toe. He personally called me to break the terrible news about Sadie's positive test results for the disease. I felt he truly nOt only cared for Sadie and was saddened by her diagnoses but he also had concern for us. He let us know if they're was anything we needed we could always call or come in. He even offered to do check ups on Sadie over the course of her diseases progression. The staff is also very personable, friendly and caring. Also another yelper commented on the expensive tests but anyone who owns pets knows how expensive veterinarian care can be which is why Pet insurance is available but also this office accepts Care Credit cards which for us was a lifesaver. If you're worried about cost apply for a Care Credit card. Plus they're not only good at vet offices but also at dental offices, eyes doctors, imaging and more. Overall this is a fantastic office with wonderful staff and vets who love their furry patients as well as their humans. If We ever need their assistance in the future for Neuro vet care we'll come here first.
5	I have had an excellent experience with VNC. The office staff has always been so helpful, professional, and polite. I live in Las Vegas, and have brought my dog down to see Dr. Evans three separate times over the past year. My girl has been an extremely confusing and complicated case where it looks like two different immune mediated neurological issues have occurred simultaneously, causing a whole host of problems. He has worked hand in hand with a local (to us in LV) ophthalmologist that he recommended, and they have managed to save my dog's eyesight on two separate occasions and overall increased the quality of her life tremendously.As I've read some of the other reviews, here are some things to keep in mind: Yes, some of the imaging and diagnostics can be more expensive than at other facitilies, but that is because the quality is also higher! I had some testing done in Las Vegas... an MRI, cytology, and other diagnostics. The MRI at VNC is significantly more sensitive than the average MRI, and I wish I had just waited to do it there in the first place. You need that level of detail for neurological issues. The same thing for the other diagnostics. Many things that usually have to be sent out for processing at other places, even at specialty centers, VNC is able to do in house. This tremendously affects the quality and reliability of the results you receive.The only time any form of payment has been collected from me is on those three visits. During this past year, however, I've communicated with Dr. Evans multiple times every month through phone calls and emails. He has given us a significant amount of his time without additional compensation, even when offered. I have no doubt that he is personally invested in the well-being of my dog, and trust him and VNC implicitly with her care. They've made a huge difference in our lives, and we are incredibly grateful. I just can't say enough.
5	I'm writing this review for a couple reasons.  One, because I think my experience at Veterinary Neurological Clinic was amazing (and still ongoing) and two because I hope my story and recommendation gives people some inspiration and insight if their animal is experiencing a similar situation.In November of last year, my home and belongings were ruined in a house fire, and my 5 lb. Yorkie mix 3 year old was left inside for the entire duration of the fire.  He was completely paralyzed and basically unresponsive.  After an overnight in the emergency animal clinic, it was recommended he see a pet neurologist.  After losing everything I owned and having little hope Nigel would survive, I realized this office was my only sense of hope.  I took him to the appointment and met Dr. Evans.  I had no idea what news I was going to receive and was mentally preparing myself to have to put my little guy down due to his condition.When I arrived, the office staff was extremely kind and sympathetic.  I could tell they were pulling for Nigel the moment they saw him and me.  Their positivity gave me a glimmer of hope that he would pull through, but what really stuck with me was Dr. Evans.  While we knew his injury was, he did not order expensive tests to find out what part of his brain was affected.  He simply told me what he knew according to animal science.  His words still resonate in my mind because they were honest and true.  He told me that dogs are resilient and able to recover from the injury much better than humans...simply put, their brains and neuro pathways are smaller and easier to reroute.  He also told me, in a very honest and matter of fact tone, that he did not know what Nigel's recovery would be, but if he was showing progress then there was a strong possibility that progress would continue.  He also informed me Nigel's bodily functions were still in tact, and he was able to eat unfortunately he was able to see very little if anything.  After I was prepped on how to feed him and what to expect as his brain rewired (deafening screams and yelps and cries that did in fact occur), I was sent "home" with my little guy and an appointment for a few weeks later.  During the next three weeks, I spent everyday with Nigel.  His recovery was remarkable and fast and still isn't over.  My goal for him was for him to walk into his follow-up appointment.  During the days that followed, he would tip over to his left side almost always, so I began by propping him between pillows to force him to sit balanced.  Eventually, he was able to hold himself.  When he would tip over onto his side, he would want to be on the other, so he would scream and grunt and with all his might until he was able to roll over.  Every day, he soiled himself, so he received a bath in a very large sink - most days the baths happened twice.  This is where I could hold him and he would move/kick/paddle his front paws.  Knowing this was an instinct for dogs when they were near water, I knew it would only improve his muscle movement.  He also began kicking the back legs, although those were much less favored.  Over time, he moved to the floor and stabilized himself enough to try to stand.  Finally, I took him outside to grass and let him very clumsily try to walk.When he went to his follow-up appointment in December, he was still very unstable and uneasy, but he did walk in the clinic.  Instead of sympathetic eyes, we were greeted by surprise and wonderment.  The entire staff seemed to know Nigel's story and was so happy to see his accomplishments.  Dr. Greatting did his exam in the waiting room and answered a lot of questions while offering more insight into his recovery.  They even approved him to fly home for the holidays.  He was seen again in March by both Dr. Greatting and Dr. Evans.  They both reported great things and said his recovery would continue probably through the year.  Of course they were right, as he is now jumping on furniture and continuing to use his back legs more.I will never be able to express how truly THANKFUL I am to this amazing office.  They were able to deal with me in my most fragile state while offering me so much hope for their patient.  While the extent of his recovery was unknown at the time, without VNC I know Nigel would not be as remarkable as he is today.
1	I brought my pug to see Dr. Plummer in April 2014 after receiving a referral from my regular vet. Please note that I am not leaving this negative review because of the pricing - I wouldn't expect a neurological veterinarian to be cheap. I also cannot say that the office staff was unfriendly - in fact they were wonderful. My negative review is simply due to Dr. Plummer and the service my pug received from him. Kaluha (my pug) had lost feeling in her back legs, she was still able to walk but her reactions were just very slow & it was getting worse as time passed. She was also beginning to have difficulty feeling when she had to poop. When I bought her in to see Dr. Plummer he had started by first ruling out degenerative myelopathy which I appreciated because I'd hate to think I paid $3,000 for an MRI when a $300 test could've proven it was this disease all along. However, that test came back negative so the only other option was go through with the MRI. It's fair to say that I wouldn't pay this much money for an MRI unless I was also ready to pursue surgery resulting in another $3,000. However, in making the decision to continue with surgery I wanted to be sure that this would help her gain function in her back legs. Dr. Plummer could not guarantee that she would regain function but she wouldn't get any worse & that was a key point in my decision making. Maybe this surgery wouldn't bring my Kaluha back to the way she was but I knew she wouldn't lose complete function so I went through with the surgery. Kaluha was given steroids after her surgery and I certainly didn't expect a quick turnaround but after 1 month and seeing her still struggling I called & asked Dr. Plummer why we weren't seeing any improvement. He put her back on the steroids but this still didn't help at which point I was starting to believe she would be that "unlikely possibility of never regaining function". This was upsetting for me but the purpose of the surgery was that Kaluha would not get worse. Well Kaluha has gotten progressively worse since her surgery in April. Now she can't even feel when she has to urinate! Worse yet, she can't hold herself up when she has to urinate so I have to hope that I am near & can hold her up so she doesn't get stuck in it. I brought her back in to show Dr. Plummer that she has gotten worse & he couldn't figure out why this would happen. In fact he told me that it is now time to consider getting her a doggy wheel chair because of her deteriorating condition. He had absolutely no intention on trying to determine what went wrong after I paid $6,000 for a surgery not for a guarantee that she'd get better but for the peace of mind in knowing she wouldn't get worse. He told me I could pay for another MRI to see what's going on... another MRI?! Oh but he was kind enough to offer a 50% discount on this second MRI! Now I guess the only thing I can do for Kaluha is to watch for when I start to see her have signs of pain so that I know it's time to put her down.  The only thing I received from going through all of this is knowing that I tried everything I could for Kaluha even though Dr. Plummer gave up after he collected his fee.
5	Two of our dogs are patients here.  The responses and care of the front office staff and the vets have been nothing less than sensational. Nola sees Dr. Evans and Pepper T sees Dr. Knowles.  Pepper T, a 5 pounder, has a seizure disorder due to a traumatic brain injury. He has been in several times. They show nothing but patience and interest for him and his condition.  I would recommend them without reservation.  They are terrific. And the charges for office visits, etc. have been extremely reasonable.  Nothing unnecessary or unwarranted has ever been recommended.
