5	Family owned and operated this is the go to place for all medical equipment and supplies. The owner is so helpful and knowledgeable and truly cares about her customers!
5	The place is stocked with a lot of needed equipment for all types of situations. The owner is knowledgeable and makes you feel at ease. From now on, I checking this place first before any others.
4	After another company fell thru I turned to Yelp for assistance. I typed in "knee scooter" and up popped Scottsdale Medical Equipment.One very quick phone call later, Yolanda (the owner) agreed to stay open to wait for me. No credit card, no authorization, nada. Just the tacit agreement my friend and I would be there as soon as humanly possible given rush hour traffic.Vroom, vroom ...I have a knee scooter! Yes, in other words, old lady wheels.Alright, alright. The "Roscoe Knee Walker" isn't just for the old. The infirm (ahem - someone with a foot or ankle issue) would be wise to scoop this mobility device. I wanted wheels to increase my speed and distance over crutches.  Knee scooters are great option over wheel chairs as you can steer and propel yourself with very little effort.Yolanda had adjusted the scooter to estimate my height. Once I arrived and tested my new wheels out Yolanda further refined the height.Yes, down. (I'm very petite!)Yolanda gave me a demo of how to collapse the knee scooter. Lickity split I handed over my credit card and signed for a month rental. I was very happy with the ease of the transaction.They also provide a robust product line of home health care products. Many of the items I had purchased online were available here. (ex: a shower chair)  Definite recommend for this business!
1	I DON'T recommend this place. I rented a wheelchair there and when I returned it early they refused to return me the difference. They NEVER told me this was the case. Furthermore, when I told the girl of this she shrugged and said "too bad I never give refunds". She had NO regard for me as a customer so I told her I won't be back.
5	Another great rental! Thanks so much for always accommodating all of my family's needs. Every time I grandmother visits I know I'll be making a stop to your store. Also Ill have to buy that candle you were burning! Smelled so good I had to go out an buy a cookie!!
5	Yolanda and the rest of the staff are so kind and helpful.  They found the supplies I needed for my son's nebulizer and helped with a friend's daughter's needs after being hospitalized.
