5	Streets of New York is a chain restaurant that doesn't feel like a chain restaurant.  They have them all over town, but every time I walk into my local SoNY, I feel like I'm at an independent "Mom & Pop" restaurant.My boyfriend and I have a tradition of heading to SoNY the day after a big night out.  It's the perfect hangover cure!  We recently headed over around 3:00 p.m. the day after my boyfriend's birthday.  The hostess invited us to choose our own booth, and we selected our favorite - the big round corner booth.  After placing our order, we got our drinks and a big basket of  (complimentary) "passion bread".  Passion bread is what all breadsticks should aspire to be.  It's cut into small bite-sized pieces, seasoned with a light sprinkle of garlic parmesan flavor, and served with a bowl of marinara sauce.  Yum!  The pizza takes a while to bake, so we like to take our time drinking and munching on this delicious bread, while chatting and cuddling.Once the pizza arrives (we love the four-cheese on thin crust with extra sauce), we are usually already pretty full from the bread.  We generally manage to eat a couple of slices each, and then the rest goes home for leftovers.  Streets of New York serves a lot more than pizza, too, but I doubt we'll ever order anything different.  Old habits die hard, I guess.
1	NASTY!!! Had the rib-bites after asking the server (bartender) which was better between the pastrami sub and these. She tells me that they were a close call, so I chose the ribs as I was in the mood for some BBQ. She brings me this plate of bones that were just that... "bones". I would guess 80% bone, 15% fat and gristle and about 5% meat. I was hungry, so I ate about 3/4 of these until I was too disgusted to eat any more. After I pushed the plate away she asks me how I liked them. So... I told her that she might want to encourage people to avoid these and exactly why I felt that way. She then tells me that they were being discontinued!!! REALLY?!?!? I wonder the &^#$(*  WHY??? The guy sitting next to me (clearly a regular) suggests to her that I might like some "passion bread". She ignores his suggestion and then shoves the bill in my face and asks me if I wanted anything else, and she DIDN'T mean in  place of this crap!!! NICE!!!! The two "Fat Tire" beers that I had and the pasta salad that came with the ribs were all fine, but CLEARLY good customer service is becoming as hard to come by as hen's teeth!!! I feel as if I was let down three times. First by a questionable recommendation, second by poor food quality, and third by apathy when dealing with a dissatisfied customer. I might go back for pizza, as I hear from a good source that their pizza is really good. I did like the decor and general feel of this place, so..... we'll see.
4	I have been back several times since my first (less that stellar) experience and am glad I did. I have had their "Number 1" sandwich, which is wonderful. I enjoy their "new recipe" lasagna VERY much. And I have tried their pizza which is also very good. I'm really glad that I gave this place another try. The shift managers Lori Beth and Kelly are SO nice!! I guess this just goes to show that any place can have an off night. I'll be back again!!!
5	Yum, Yum, YUM!I just love eating here!  It has such a wonderful cozy feel and the food ... well - it's just awesome!I had the lasagna - BEST EVAHHHHHHH!  Also can't get enough of those little bread bites.Streets is a definite favorite of my family!
4	I always love going here. Great pasta, great pizza. They also generally have a few select beers. I wish I was there now.
3	It's what you would expect of a chain restaurant: salads with ranch, burgers, and chicken sandwiches.  It gets crowded around dinner, so plan to wait a few minutes for a table.  The bar area fills up fast and no one under 21 is allowed.  Thus, do not try to nab a table when you're toting tots and/or teens.  You will be asked to sit elsewhere. I come here to have a drink with a light meal.  I have heard that this place serves great wings and I plan to try them soon.  The service is good, but you will find better food and good service almost anywhere.
5	I love this place. Great pizza and great service. It's like the perfect storm.
5	Visited 5/25/12...I really do like this place for a chain pizza restaurant!!We were in late night on a pizza and wing craving.Given that we were in 30 minutes before closing, I was really expecting the cooks heart would not be in our order!!  I was wrong!!Their baked wings were very good. Cooked right and smoothered in Honey Hot.  Pizza was their special with all the toppings.  Fresh and good. Wait staff was great. They did not make us feel rushed even whle we sat there 15 minutes after the doors closed. 5 Stars for this night simply for job well done 30 minutes before closing!!!
4	Food was good, portions a little on the small size for the price. Service was excellent. Our server Katie was great!
4	My favorite place to eat pizza in Mesa! The other food here is okay. I've had the Italian beef a few times and sometimes it is good and other times just edible.We usually have good service and the prices aren't too bad.
4	Every time we eat at this restaurant, no matter how busy or not busy, it is great food.  Their pizza & wing special is awesome!!  One of our favourite places to eat.
2	Stick to the Pizza maybe?I had a slice of my nephew's cheese and it seemed pretty good. I ordered the baked ziti and found it lacked flavor. When I saw they used sausage in the dish I was hoping for some spice, some sweetness, some spoiled meat taste, ANYTHING! Instead I got a big plate of bland. The only bite I took that was flavorful incorporated nearly half of the mozzarella topping.The garlic bread nuggets served as an appetizer were very good. I was just expecting more from the pasta.
5	Great pizza especially is you order the hand tossed thin and crispy.  They provide very generous portions of spaghetti.  I love the rolls and cold beer!!!!
4	This place is really good. The only thing I didn't like was the 2 times I ordered artichoke dip it was sitting in a giant puddle  of grease or oil or something.
3	The food is okay. Since franchising they've lost the family look and feel. Not 100% cracked up with the changes to the menu.The staff is normally very friendly and fast.
5	Always have a good meal here. Any chance you could publish nutritional information? Most every chain has nutritional info out there, but I'd love it for this place!  My teens love their pizza, I love their eggplant Parmesan and spaghetti with marinara. Salads are great and I love the emailed coupons to defray the cost of our meals!  Good for beers, relaxing with family and a good place to eat with the out of towners.
4	Food wss great! We an on going back. Just not a five star because its a pizza place atmosphere.
5	My family and I LOVE this place! The employees are always awesome and the food great. :)
4	Had the spinach salad and Italian wedding soup. Food was good. Service was very good. They have several televisions and it looks like a pretty good place to grab a drink and watch the game with friends.
5	Super yummy & the staff is great! I definitely recommend this place. Service was fast & the food looks absolutely delicious. I'll be ordering the cookie with ice cream for dessert. The place is not too busy so my server is super attentive & my meal got out in good time.
2	Food is ok. Slow service. The waitresses were not rude but they were definitely not nice or helpful either.
5	I stopped in for lunch.  I had the pastrami sandwich with pasta salad ... Bone-in wings (ordered hot).  Could have been a lot hotter for my taste.  Great service ... Excellent food!!
