4	So I am totally not a dry cleaner aficionado, but this place is cool. It's a total no frill type of experience- You go in and drop your stuff off, they're friendly enough and you leave. You come back and it's done when they said it would be. It's cheap and they never lose anything or mess anything up. Just what I want in a dry cleaner, that's it... use them, they get my vote :)
4	I agree with Joseph M. Prices are fair and the service is good.
5	I am so impressed by the professionalism of the staff.  They've been well trained to combine efficiency with friendly effectiveness.  I had a problem with an item, and it was repaired within 24 hours.  Very impressive!
4	Very couteous staff. Modernized registers with printouts now ensure accurate pricing and legible receipts.
1	I'm really shocked to see the high ratings of this place.  I'm giving it a 1 for two different reasons... The percentage of clothes they have ruined, and then the customer service when it was brought to their attention.  Over the last 2 years we have used them extensively... And frequently we found clothes that had unusual marks when they were returned.  We couldn't directly attribute it to the dry cleaner as I travel and wired things happen on planes.  Well, I went an bought a really nice new golf shirt and on the first cleaning there were massive black stains on the shoulder.  These were clearly not from us, so we approached the owner.  First he says it could NOT have been them...  Then says it could Not have been the laundering... Well, we had asked for them to be dry cleaned.  He says that yeah that is what you ask for and we tell you we do, but we just launder them anyway!!!!  Are you kidding me?I don't give 1's lightly but this jerk earned it.  If you want cheap, go here, but be forewarned, you will end up trashing some of your clothes!
4	I don't really know the difference between a good dry cleaner and a great dry cleaner,  but I do know a bad one.  Cambridge Cleaners is certainly not a bad one.  Prices are comparable and listed on the store's Website.   It's not the cheapest, but it is a better deal than many of the other dry cleaners in the immediate area.  I got a suit dry cleaned ($5 for both the jacket and pants) and six shirts laundered ($12).  Both the dry cleaning and laundry were ready by 4pm the next day.  Same day is available for dry cleaning if you get there early enough. When you walk into Cambridge it looks the same as every other dry cleaner I've been to.  A counter to drop off and pick up clothes, a big automated rack filled with clothes, and a view of all the machines in the back.  But it doesn't hurt that the staff is very nice and the registers are up to date with scannable printed tickets.
3	I often use them for dry cleaning but why do they have a TIP JAR? I personally find it offensive! I don't need to tip someone to take my clothes. Why does every retail business find it necessary these days to have a tip jar? What's next, the bank tellers? Aside from that (which is why I gave 3 stars), they do a good job cleaning and I always go back.
4	5 bucks to clean a suit, done the same day. Great price, great turn around, could have been pressed a little better. Oh well!
1	Just moved to the area and came in here twice due to the convenient location.   The 1st time I came in, one of my shirts shrunk in laundry.  The 2nd time, one of my shirts came back with a tear in the arm.    I called to see if they would take care of it and they told me its a wear and tear issue.   Having only had this shirt for 6 months and never having an issue with my previous dry cleaner, I was certainly surprised to hear that.    For me it seems pretty clear cut that if a garment is damaged in your possession that you should replace it.    Given the experiences I had in my two trips to this location I certainly will not be going back and would definitely recommend avoiding this business.
1	I have used this cleaner many times as it is a convenient location and reasonable prices.  However, they have ruined one of my expensive skirts--shrunk it so that the attached slip now hangs out; I only wore it once and have done a poor pressing items with deep creases across the back of dress shirts, etc.  I have had to return things for a "redo" and customer service is poor.  I am done using this place.  You get what you pay for here.  I agree on the tip jar too--it's offensive.
1	Do not go here if you value your possessions! I took a comforter here to be washed. I have to admit that I did read the prior negative reviews about this place, but thought I would give them a chance since they're in such a good location. When I dropped off my comforter I specifically stated that it had to be dry cleaned (per the tag instructions). When I returned to retrieve the comforter the girl at the counter told me that I needed to return the comforter to the place that I bought it from, because the pattern/detail had come off. She then said that it had been laundered as a household item. I reminded her that I specifically requested dry cleaning. Without apologizing for the mistake she continued to state that there was nothing that she could do. I asked to speak to a manager, and she said that he only works a couple of times a week, but I could try to stop by later in the week to catch him. Horrible service, waste of money, and I was left with a comforter completely stripped of it's design. I cannot speak for their other services, but I would not recommend taking any dry clean only items here.
1	Worst customer service ever. I normally don't write reviews but I had to this time.  I have spent hundreds of dollars dry cleaning my clothes here for years. In each week/every other week with my shirts and pants. Today I was 2 min past the 9a drop off time for same day pick up and was told "sorry you're too late bro". I explained that I was stopped at every light and needed my clothes back tonight for an event and they said it wasn't their problem - 9a means 9a not 902a. For someone who is a regular customer you would think they could make an exception. Of course they told me I would be able to get my clothes back same day before they rang me up and took my payment. Only upon reading the receipt did I see I missed the deadline. I asked for a concession on the time and was told the above. Obviously upset I told them I would like a refund and would not be returning here and asked if they cared they would be losing a regular customer to which the $7/hr girl behind the counter said she didn't care. WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER and they lost a regular today. I hope the owner of the establishment reads this and fires the staff who clearly don't care about his business. If I was 10 min late I would understand but this was ridiculous over 2 min.
5	I have been coming to Cambridge cleaners for over a year. Our family drives from Anthem just to get our dry cleaning done at this business. Their staff is always helpful and they're dry cleaning is excellent for the price point. You can drop off your dry cleaning by 9 a.m. And get it back by 4 p.m. How great is that? All for under $3 a piece.
4	Well, 1st try and they did a good job. Quick turnaround but my pants could've been pressed a little bit better. I will give them a 2nd try to see if they do better.
4	Have been going for 10 years and only had one issue with a lost pair of expensive pants but the owner made it right immediately by paying for a brand new pair of pants and was so gracious and apologized profusely for the issue. Definitely goes along way in my book when a business stands behind their service.
