5	Justin was awesome. He arrived early to my appointment, was incredibly friendly and cool, and got the job done amazingly. My never-been-cleaned carpet looks FANTASTIC now! I definitely recommend Elite's services and will use him again when the time comes. Thanks again, Justin!
5	Like the people before me I would like to thank Justin and Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning for not only a job well done but for taking the service to a whole other level. Not only are my carpets cleaner than I have ever known them to be, he went above and beyond the service requested and provided tremendous value at a great price. I would be more than happy to recommend Elite Floor & Furniture to anyone and everyone looking to a great service from a great company. Thanks again for everything.
5	Thank you so much for the amazing work at our Kumon center! Our carpet gets a lot of traffic and they looked brand new after the cleaning service.Justin even came by on a different occasion and removed a vomit stain and some other smaller stains for free!Excellent service and great value!
5	Justin (Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning) did a fantastic job cleaning the carpets and tile in my parent's new home. He really went above and beyond and was very prompt and dependable. I would recommend him to anyone. He's a really nice guy too, and he takes great pride in his work. Thanks again Justin!
5	I typically don't write reviews, but we had such a great experience with Justin and Elite that I had to post a review.  We have three boys under five years old, so as you can imagine, the floors and carpets take a beating.  Honestly we had stains that I didn't think would ever come out.  Justin came out, was friendly, and removed EVERY stain.  We have since had Justin over again to clean after the kids ruined the floors again.  I have recommended Elite to numerous clients.  Thank you for doing such a great job!
5	I can't believe what a great job Justin did on our carpets! They had never been cleaned in 6 years with a dog and looked horrible, I really didn't think there was much that could be done but we figured we would give it a shot since his prices were reasonable. They look SO much better! He even came to our house on a Saturday!
5	Excellent customer service and quality work done. We have used Elite several times and they had been consistent every time.
5	Great guys, worked on both carpet and tile floors.  Made sure both were done absolutely right.  Aside from the job agreed to, did me a favor and did some minor repairs to the floor tiles and kitchen countertop.
5	Elite Floor did an amazing job at my local shop. They took their time working in the shop to make sure that it was 100% cleaned and then they sealed the floor. The shop looks so GREAT! Call them to schedule your appointment for floors, you will be VERY happy you did!
5	Justin did a fantastic job in cleaning my carpets at Benchmark printing. Our carpets take a beating with paper dust and ink. He came in and within 2 hours they were looking brand new again. I would definately recommend Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning.
5	We "inherited" white carpet in the home we bought six years ago, while we never would install white carpeting in a home, we've dealt with it, because the carpet was new when we purchased the home, and it's a good grade.  However it comes with the utmost in responsibility regarding up keep.  Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning did a remarkable job with it.  Perfect visit, from being on time, to cleaning the carpets, to the DRYING time (they started around 10-11 and it was dry when we got home from work), to leaving us with booties, additional spot cleaner and a brush.  I would strongly recommend them, and their number is on my speed dial.UPDATE 2/5/2014My husband and I also own a store at 16th Street and Camelback where we have commercial grade vinyl "hardwood" flooring installed.  Justin came in and not only cleaned it to where it looked new again, but was knowledgeable on the material used, and gave us pointers on how to easily keep it clean.  I still use him for our home carpeting, and now the business flooring as well.  He also does a wonderful job on throw rugs!
5	Justin did an AMAZING job on my couches.I would highly recommend Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning.
5	Great job, Justin is a good guy who knows his business, and his prices are fair. I have a rental in Tempe that I rent to ASU  students so you can imagine what condition the carpets were in after one lease term. He was able to get them pretty clean and even convinced me to have my tile floors and grout cleaned while he was there. THEY LOOK GREAT !!! (Good enough that you may even think a normal family had lived there before). I will absolutely call Elite as soon as this new group moves out.
5	This is the only place in Phoenix I will trust to come into my home! Having been scammed by other companies, I can say with absolute certainty that this company will treat you fairly in all ways and will do an excellent job. I had my furniture cleaned and it was a mess before Justin got a hold of it. It was covered in dog hair and smelled questionable from the previous owner. Justin is clearly a guy who takes pride in his work because it was perfect when he finished. I had him back a few months later to clean my carpet after I moved out of a new apartment. He cleaned it well enough for me to get my security deposit back. I'll certainly be using this service again in my new apartment. The prices are reasonable, especially for such exceptional work. I encourage everyone to use this company for any floor or furniture cleaning.
5	One of the most honest and up-front persons I have ever met, Justin and his team will get your corners clean!!!  :)  THANK YOU Justin!  My place looks gorgeous and I would never use anyone else!PS - Just got a new puppy, so will probably need you again in a few months once potty training is done!  THANK GOODNESS for Justin and his team!
5	Excellent service. Justin came over to my home at 3.15 pm on Saturday and didn't leave until 8pm. He is very thorough, detailed and got all the stains out. He is a pleasure to do business with and I am a client for life.
5	I had a very enjoyable experience with Justin. He was very kind and made me feel like he was concerned about my individual needs. I have a young dog and I also foster pets, so my carpet over time had some deep down pet stains. He used a solution to bring them up and out and my carpet looks brand new!Thanks!
5	I've never had my carpets cleaned, and there seems to be no shortage of qualified companies in the Phoenix metro area. Despite this wide array of choices, I decided to go with Elite Floor & Furniture Cleaning. Justin was very helpful and upfront about all costs. He arrived on time and did the job in less than an hour. I am very, very pleased with the results and look forward to working with him in the future!
5	We needed our tile floors cleaned in a desperate way. We had just purchased a home that needed some tlc and the floors were gross. In some areas the grout lines were actually black. I explained everything over the phone to Justin and gave him square footage estimates which he was able to estimate a price for cleaning. He was professional, asked thorough questions and was able to help me schedule an appointment right away. The day of the appointment, he and his crew were on time. The floors turned our amazing, way beyond our expectations. Elite's workmanship really shone through. They even removed the paint speckles and smears on the floor from some recent painting we had recently done. The price quoted stayed true, no hidden fees, no "extras". Can't say enough good things about Elite and Justin.
5	Elite came out today and totally wow'd us today. Our carpet and Travertine was in rough shape (we hadn't had it cleaned since Aug, and we have 3 little ones including 18 month old twins that are hard to keep up with). I left with the kids and came back to a sparkling house. I didn't think it was possible for the floor to look this great. As an added bonus, they even cleaned my highchairs! What a nice treat for a tired mom! Thanks Elite!!!!!!
5	Had my sofas cleaned today. Let me start out that I have 3 pets and have had these sofas for 7 years and have never had them cleaned.  Ty and Tanner came in and were shocked at how good of condition they were.  However once they started they were then shocked at how dirty they were. Lol.  My 'brown' sofa is now back to its light tan color. Thx guys for doing such a fantastic job!
5	Justin came to clean our carpets before we moved out of our house in May. He was on time, super friendly, and did a great job at a fantastic price. We had a cleaning crew in the house on the same day -- Justin was happy to move around them. Thanks Justin! Since we moved interstate we won't need his services again, but I'd recommend Elite Floor to anyone in the PHX area.
5	Justin cleaned our carpet and tile on May 2 and I regret that I didn't write a review sooner. He arrived on time and did a great job. I'm especially pleased with how beautifully he cleaned the tile. The carpet was beautifully cleaned, too, and felt very soft and comfy on our bare feet. Thanks, Justin.
5	Elite is top notch. Justin runs a first class operation. I've used him twice now and have been impressed both times. He does excellent work for fair prices and goes the extra mile to make sure you're a happy customer.  He has a great attitude and is very professional. He left my carpets sparkling, my showers glowing with a fresh sealer, and even was able to help out with a couple other miscellaneous items to get my rent house turned over quickly. It's a great feeling to find Aces like Justin who you can trust to treat you right and take pride in their work. Give him a call. You won't have any regrets.
5	Went with Justin and his staff at Elite again and was not disappointed. He does the job quick and thoroughly, and gives some great advice on how to maintain the carpets. I will definitely enlist the services of Elite in the future.
5	Read the reviews of Elite on Yelp and decided to use them for carpet and furniture cleaning. Justin was here on time and did a GREAT job. The work he did was efficient and left no residues at all. I would absolutely reccommed him and I will be calling him in the future when stuff needs cleaning.
5	Justin went out of his way to make an emergency stop and did an amazing job. Will be going back to him for all future work in the valley.
