5	Went there for their grand opening to find a cool place for my pups to go for doggie day care. They have a first class facility with good pricing. The staff knows their stuff when it comes to dogs. They have this neat grass outside that when poop is removed, they hose it down and the grass is clean b/c the water goes under the grass in an egg crate elevated system - no poop on the girls paws! They have an inside play place and an outside play place that big and little dogs rotate between - they even have nap time! They also offer boarding and grooming too. The dogs go on Monday for the first full day!
5	My pup has been going here about once a week since the doors opened a few weeks ago.  This place is right near my house and I was so unbelievely excited when I learned they were moving in.  My dog has crazy energy but she always comes home tired after a day here.  I love it.  I also love how the staff knows her by name and are happy to see her when we walk in.  The play areas, both indoor and out, are very big compared to what I have seen in other dog day cares.  And there are separate play areas based on the size of your dog.  I haven't tried the boarding yet but will in the near future.  I was able to tour the facility and got to see the boarding kennels and they are very big.  She won't feel confined at all, but she is used to sleeping in her kennel at home.  I guess my only complaint is the price, it can be pretty costly.  But it is worth it for a once-a-week trip.  I wish we could come more!
5	I'm sure it's like being a parent, but I love it when others "ohhh, ahhh" all over my puppy confirming that he is the most adorable dog ever. You'll get that treatment at the Barker Lounge! They seem to make everyone, pet owner and pet alike, feel special. They have grooming, day care, and boarding. So far I've only been able to use the grooming service (your dog must have all shots and have a "test" day before being fully admitted). They took great care of my puppy! When I picked him up, he looked great, smelled wonderful, and he was so happy. I could tell he was treated with care and that he had a good time, which makes me confident about having him return for their other services. They currently do not have a trainer for Puppy Kindergarten, but they assured me they want to hire someone who is a good fit. It showed me that they really take time to find a quality staff member. I look forward to taking my puppy back here!
3	Thought that I was happy..my dog has been going there for  a year for once a week day care and occasional boarding. I clearly understand policy and procedure ( as I am a small biz owner myself) but I was running late one day ( even called ahead to tell then I was going to be about 10 minutes late. ( the voice on the other end wasnt excited)  I was called and asked how far away I was 3 minutes after they closed and 2 blks away. I walked in and the owner proceed to yell at me and argue about the policy and that she was sick and tired of people coming late everyday ( mind you my first time late AND I called ahead to advise) I explained I couldndt help it but she went on to make me feel like I was a bad dog and bark a little louder..she had plans I get it, but what was I to do??? I paid cash got no recipt and advised I would not be coming back and left on verge of tears. Uncalled for ..maybe you should boot the ones out who show up late all the time instead of barking your battitude at me like that. was hurtful
1	We took our pup to the Barker Lounge for his trial visit a few weeks ago.  We thought the facility was nice but our pup was bitten by an older dog.  The older dog showed no signs of warning to our pup and just lashed out at him causing him a puncture wound, requiring him to go under and get stitches at our local vet.  The Barker Lounge called my wife and relayed the news.  Fortunately, the Barker Lounge paid for our vet bill but most doggie day cares around town foot the bill in this type of situation.  Our biggest gripe with the BL was how they handled the situation.  We felt they showed poor customer service after the incident and never offered any help with our recovering pup or even a phone call from BL, only email.  We had to work remote for 4 days and supervise him 24/7 due to his wound location so any kind of assistance from BL would have been greatly appreciated.  They only offered an apology and told us we signed a waiver form so they were not responsible for the vet bill but paid for it anyway.  We understand you cannot stop all dog attacks but their customer service (or lack thereof) is the real reason we will not be using the Barker Lounge again.
1	I called to get general information. Unfortunately, I won't be trying this place because the girl told me first I had to complete a form online then they would call me. I wanted to know if they had facilities for unfriendly dogs (mine is scared of other dogs) "Oh no, we can not take your dog if he is not friendly." Ok, well, uh ...never mind. She didn't even take the time to discuss the situation...moving on.
5	We absolutely love the Barker Lounge.  Up until this point we had not found a daycare for our Great Dane that we felt he was happy with.  Most days he would come home and could not wait to get home from the other day cares.  For whatever reason(probably the awesome staff) Damon loves this place.  Doesn't even say bye to me when I drop him off anymore.  Just straight into the handlers hands and out to play with the other dogs all day.  We love this place and if we had the money I am sure Damon would be here everyday of the week while we are at work during the day.  I also recommend this place for anyone with large breed dogs as well.  These people know how to handle the large dogs and they know what to do if god forbid something was to happen.  This is something that is worth more than money in my opinion.  Love this place.
5	I first started taking Jax to the barker lounge to get groomed. They always did a great job and he always leaves looking great. Im pretty sure he was always happy with the results too. Then I took him for his evaluation for day care, and although he had a rough start, they gave him the time to warm up. He's not a social dog and wasn't used to being around other dogs. Now I feel like he is a day care regular and probably has lots of friends at the barker lounge, human and canine. He doesn't even look back when I drop him off and he's always in a good mood when I pick him up. I have also boarded him and every time I called (which was a lot) there was always a good report and someone to talk to during open hours. I trust the barker lounge has the best facilities and staff taking care of my pup. Keep up the good work.
5	Penny and I absolutely LOVE The Barker Lounge. All that I have to do is mention the word 'school' and she is downstairs waiting by the back door. She is so excited when we get there and she loves the people that work there. Everyone is super friendly and I always feel comfortable leaving her there knowing that she will get lots of attention and lots of playtime. The facility is very nice, clean and extremely organized. I have tried 2 other dog facility prior to the Barker Lounge and wasn't impressed with the fact that my dog was running around on concrete all day. Here she spends the majority of her day outside on turf and if she is ever inside is running on a rubber mat. They pay special attention to dog's activity level and personality to make sure that they are placed in the appropriate group as well. But the best part, Penny is exhausted when we get home!! I can't say enough good things about the team at the Barker Lounge. We will be going there for years to come!
4	Our puppy princess, Maeby, loves to stay at the Barker Lounge. The staff are incredibly nice and the facilities are amazing, especially considering the accommodations are for dogs... not people. The Barker Lounge is my favorite place to board Maeby when we go out of town. She always comes home exhausted, which means she gets lots of play time in. I like that daycare is included in the price of boarding and like that the dogs that are boarded aren't pent up in crates all day like they are at We've taken Maeby there for daycare a few times but traffic in that area is kind of a nightmare during rush hour, so that's why she doesn't go more often. Aside from the weekday traffic and them being slightly more expensive than some of the other doggie daycare facilities we frequent, the Barker Lounge really is the premier doggie daycare and boarding facility in Charlotte!
5	The Barker Lounger welcomed my baby with a warm, loving heart. She had a blast playing with the other dogs! I would highly recommend this daycare center!
5	I started taking my dog to the Barker Lounge for daycare about a month ago. It has been an amazing experience! The dogs are put in groups based on size and temperament so my dogs gets to play with other dogs just like him all day. The facilities are great and the employees treat each dog as if it is one of their own. Last week my dog had been having an upset stomach and I called them before and they ensured me that they would keep a close eye on him and give him Pedialyte to stay hydrated throughout the day. I picked up my dog that afternoon and he was back to his normal old self. Every time I pull into the parking lot I can tell that my dog knows where he is - he perks up and tugs on leash as if he couldn't get in the doors any faster. Amazing place...I will never take my dog anywhere else!
5	My pups loved it (for boarding) ! they cam home exhausted and happy. Reasonably priced and the workers all seem enthusiatic abut their jobs!
5	Our beagle, Duncan, attends daycare at The Barker Lounge 4x a week while we are at work.  To say he loves it is an understatement!  My boyfriend and I adopted Duncan from a local rescue about 2 months ago and initially, he was very shy and timid... especially in the car.  Now he gets antsy in the morning to go to "school" and jumps right in the car!  No more fear!  His whole body wags when he's greeted by the BL staff in the morning.  Everyone has been very nice and we can tell when we pick him up that he had a great time!The entire facility is very clean and bright.  The staff is always friendly and happy to see all of the dogs.
5	My two girls love to play with their friends at the Barker Lounge. I hope to have my third girl there soon! Very friendly and attentive staff. It's the fun place to be for my dogs!  The facility is amazing.  Mary P.
5	Just wanted to update my review since Duncan has now used the boarding services at the Barker Lounge!  We were initially going to board Duncan with our vet (who is wonderful) but we weren't sure how he'd do seeing as how he doesn't really "know" the vet and he wouldn't be in his normal "daycare" routine.  So luckily the BL still had room for him over Labor Day weekend!I'm pretty sure he had the best time ever at "sleepaway camp."  The BL posted tons of pics of all of the pups staying for the weekend on FB so it was fun to see him with all of his buddies while we were on vacation.  And when we picked him up, I'm not sure he actually wanted to leave.  He got a report card and everything we had dropped him off with was kept organized and together and returned.  It was nice to know how much fun he had on the report card... such a nice touch!
5	Barker Lounge is the best! Our puppy loves playing all day and comes home exhausted. The staff is friendly and helpful and we love being able to reserve a spot in advance. Can't say enough great things!
5	We have taken our little 5 lb Yorkie, Lola to Barker lounge several times now.   She loves it there.  The people are great, friendly, and care about the dogs making sure they have lots of fun throughout the day! She is boarding there for 10 days!  I was nervous, first time leaving her!! However; I feel confident they will take good care of our little angel :)
5	This place is awesome! I have been taking my dog, Scotch there about once a week. He loves going. I was hesitant at first because you hear the horror stories about daycares and none of that has been proven to be true. AllisonD is awesome. She helped calm me down and assured me everything would be fine, even giving me a tour of the facility. Since then, Scotch looks forward to his weekly visits to the Barker Lounge. I have even boarded him there before and he came home and slept for days. :) A tired dog is a happy dog, and this is the motto for Barker Lounge. Thanks for all that you do. I recommend this to anyone who asks me about boarding or daycares without a doubt.Oh yes, the owner and a lll of the staff are very friendly and they get to know your face and pup pretty quickly. My experience with them has been great overall, and I will continue to be one of their many customers!
5	We just adopted a rescue pooch this weekend (Shih Tzu), and while he was healthy, his hair was awfully long and he had some serious matting. We called The Barker Lounge on Monday and they were absolutely wonderful! They were very accommodating, and they were even very nice when we missed the time for our first appointment (we got the times for his grooming and neutering mixed up oops!) We took our new boy up there today, and they did an INCREDIBLE job getting out all the mats and giving him a nice cool summer cut. He looks fantastic, and we can tell he feels even better than he looks. We couldn't be happier and I think this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship with The Barker Lounge!
5	Wonderful Place for Dog Daycare and Boarding. Everytime I pull into their parking lot, my dog is ready to jump out of the car and play with her friends! I know that she is always safe there and treated well. When I pick her up and she's asleep the rest of the night, I know she has had a great time!
5	My energetic Jack Russell loves playing here. She's so happy to get out of the car and run inside. When I pick her up they always tell me how her day was and she is one tired dog after playing all day! I really feel like they care about your dog.
5	My energetic Jack Russell loves playing here. She's so happy to get out of the car and run inside. When I pick her up they always tell me how her day was and she is one tired dog after playing all day! I really feel like they care about your dog.
5	Awesome place! My dog is always played out when I pick her up after boarding or day camp. Best place to take your pet in Charlotte, hands down.
5	I love this facility. I've been bringing my 2 Australian Cattle Dogs for the past year and they love it. I can't wait to bring my third. I would recommend this facility to anybody and everybody!
