4	I've been shopping at this Safeway since I moved into my house over 7 years ago.  I have consistently been pleased with the service I get there.  The staff is always friendly, you get greeted as you shop the aisles, and they are quick to add more checkout staff when there is a line.The produce, meat, bakery and deli selections are always good.  Safeway sometimes has higher prices than the other Grocery stores, but for the location and service, it's my store of choice.  Always clean and neat, and usually very well stocked I almost enjoy grocery shopping when I go.
3	I'm not sure what's going on, but it seems like while the quality remains the same, staffing has been a little off at this Safeway lately.It used to be that if more than 2 people were in line, they would open a new line.  Now, over the past several trips, the lines have been longer and longer.  It also appears like there is less staff to bring in carts and help in the aisles.  While this is still the primary price I will shop, the little touches that made them better than the other nearby places are starting to slip.  Come on Safeway, turn it up a notch!
4	Maybe I'm easily pleased, but I love this store.  From the Starbucks, to the sandwich counter, to the bakery, to the vast array of gift cards I can give for birthday's/anniversary's, because I don't have much of an imagination.I love their Eating Right line of frozen foods, and the produce is pretty good.Too bad I moved too far away to make this a regular stop.
5	This is one of my favorite local stores because of how clean and well laid out it is.  Meat quality has always been high for a chain (doesn't compete with a real butcher, but still very good).  The bakery and alcohol sections are very well stocked.
4	This store is very clean and nice looking.  I was particularly impressed by the produce department.
2	Maybe it's just me but this store is not up to par in my opinion. I always stop here to get money orders for rent on the way home from work and I almost always have to wait at the counter for 5 or more minutes while employees constantly yell "someone will be right with you" at me from all directions. The sandwich counter is good although it says sandwich in 3 minutes or its free and it always takes longer. (I never say anything because I don't care, I just don't see the point of the sign.) Their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection. The produce is almost always below my quality standards and is also lacking in selection. Last but most definitely not least they always have just one register open and no self checkout. Overall going there is a highly inconveniencing experience and I would not recommend going there for anything.
5	I used to live near here and this is my favorite Safeway.  Whenever there are a few people in line, they quickly open another register.  They are always courteous and polite, with great customer service.  When I was having a very hard day one day, I remember the cashier just stopping what she was doing to give me a big hug and let me cry.  Now, this is customer service because she made me feel important.  Though there were people in line, everyone was patient.The butcher that worked there for years, Michael, a black guy, always made me feel super welcomed and greeted me enthusiastically every time he saw me over the years.  I don't live near the area anymore and rarely go to this Safeway, but when I do, it's still the same great Safeway I went to while I lived near there.No issues here.  If only all the Safeways were like this.
1	Horrible customer service at this location. I've lost track of how many times I get home, only to find that I don't have all my purchases. I will go out of my way to avoid this store.
1	Consistently the worst line management in the grocery industry. Take the extra mile go to Warner and Cooper for King Soopers
