1	BEWARE! My review is only for this lady who I had the worst haircut experience with in my entire life.  I didn't get her name but she's medium to heavy size caucasian woman and has tattoos on her body.  Her section is far left when you enter the door.Aside from getting the worse haircut she was extremely unprofessional and had a negative attitude from the beginning.  She asked for every detail on how to give the haircut, every snip! It was extremely frustrating since it was her job as a stylist to understand the look and feel, not be a robot with scissors.  To summarize, avoid at all cost. Plently of other hair cut places around - don't waste your time, money, and risk your image.
4	Friendly staff and great prices for my kids !
5	I have one word........ HECTOR. He is so amazing and super flamboyant. I loved my first haircut from him. I'm looking forward to my next one. I have very long hair and had trouble finding someone who wouldn't chop my hair. I'm glad I found Hector. if I could I would marry him! He's that amazing. He belongs somewhere fancier =P
4	Friendly staff. Good quick cut!
5	If you want a haircut at a good price come here and ask for Chris! She is the best hairdresser at Supercuts! Chris listens to what you want and really pays attention to you when you tell her what you are looking for. She remembers your names, faces and just what you like. The price is reasonable, the people are nice, the location is central and near everything you would love. If you sign up for texts & emails you will receive discounts on products and cuts. There is a good selection of Paul Mitchell, Biolage, Crew, Nioxin, Redken and Joico. There is always something bundled and on sale. Also, all of the hairdressers are pretty knowledgeable on which product could work best for your hair.Watch for the sign in the window, it will tell you if there is NO wait or LOW wait and they are pretty accurate. Keep Chris at this location and we will continue to frequent it as she knows how to cut the BEST!!! The 5 stars are for Chris!!
1	Lmao... I guess than god this location is closing. It was our first time (me 31, and my son 6) I was not the problem, but my son who is 6, and is normally great getting cuts (seeing as my girl Jen has not chopped off/ or come close to  his ear in 2 years, she is at the N. Durango/ 215 location.... SPORT CLIPS) My son had the luxury of getting Danielle (who will be moving to the eastern / horizon ridge super cuts location) and for his first cut, almost chopped off his ear.. And because he is 6, it was his fault because he moved. I would never bash a place... But don't do surgery on my son during a haircut plz. He was NOT happy with me when we left, he told me, "let's drive to our old place plz" which is 30 miles from where we currently relocated to. WE MISS U JEN, AT SPORT CLIPS 215/ Durango
