4	Amazing Thai oil massage! Had an itison voucher for a 1hr massage and I loved it! Really nice ambiance, friendly Thai therapists and a great massage. Not too light and not too firm. Will def go back! My mum and I asked got the couples room on booking so we were side by side on the floor. Very relaxing. In speaking to the lady who did my massage, the traditional Thai massage, which has no oil and is quite a firm massage with lots of stretches, is great for anyone with a sports injury, back problems or stiffness of the joints. I'll come back after my 10k run methinks!!! Definitely recommend and if you see a voucher deal for this place, snap it up!!
4	When a voucher for Castle Thai Spa came up on Groupon Premium I snapped one up, having seen the excellent reviews on Yelp. So, having booked a long weekend off with my boyfriend, I organised for us to use our couples massage voucher.With the couples massage you get a room for both of you, that's really it - you both get the massage in the same room.We went for the Thai Oil massage, a combination of traditional Thai techniques and styles such as Swedish/Deep Tissue. This means that along with a full body massage you get stretched and cracked a fair bit. Which is an odd but not unpleasant experience.My boyfriend absolutely loved his massage, and I struggled not to laugh out loud several times watching him being stretched, and would happily return. Me? Erm. I enjoyed it, I did. But my masseuse concentrated mostly on my legs - which whilst nice, did leave the rest of me feeling rather neglected. At the start she went to my legs, and the other masseuse worked on my boyfriend's back, and then when she moved to his legs I assumed mine would move to my back! Which she did, for a few minutes before returning to my legs... Arms were also massaged, and it finished with sitting upright, having shoulder touched briefly and lower backs cracked by swinging you from side to side.I know I should have said to my masseuse that she was spending too long on my legs, and that I really wanted my back worked on more, but given the other girl was I thought she would eventually (and for longer than she did).  It was really good, but one-sided (or two-legged?). Maybe it just depends who you get?Given that they have a check in offer I may well be back, but I'm not won over from Swedish just yet.
5	Amazing experience! They are a little hard to discover being hidden away on Castle Street but they are a diamond in the rough. I have never had a better massage in my life!And Wednesdays are girls days 20% off!Go!!
4	Picked  up a voucher for one hour massage and loved it. Friendly staff and set up typical of a traditional Thai massage spa. Worked top to toe using oils but options available without oil. Every muscle now feels fluid and relaxed. One of the best massages I have ever had and will definitely be back
5	I have been twice now to Castle Thai spa. The service is good, the decor and ambiance is on a level of a good Thai spa.5 stars however goes to the therapist (Lee - sp?). Absolutely outstanding, an excellent example of how Thai massages should be given.Personally, I like the non tradition oil massage and my wife the regular non oil.Will be back again and again.
