3	Their new location is quite frankly huge. You could refer back to my review of their previous location for general stuff but some good changes I think I've noticed with the new place are of course a larger and much better selection, cleaner look and much less crowded and I think they've even started buying more and giving better money for it too.Additionally, staff is much more friendly, stylish and essentially with the times in terms of their own fashion. It's good because they give you the idea that your fashion, no matter how cheap or unusual, is welcome here. It gives the shopper confidence for self expression.Well enough touting the place like I'm a psychologist or something. The downsides to me are that I think I'm getting too old for a lot of the styles here. That or the styles are too young for me. It seems like they cater more to teens in high school or just barely in college. Most of mine and my girlfriend's clothes are turned down for being "too professional". So I'd say the style here is still limited by that aspect.
4	Love this store! It is so large and has a TON of stuff for cheap prices. I've seen clothing brands that include Old Navy, Guess, Mossino, Charlotte Russe, etc.; there is no way that you will leave empty handed. They have men and women's clothing but you can tell by the store set up and the clientele that it's aimed for females. Will definitely be returning here on a weekly basis.
2	Plato's closet was a big disappointment. I went in with a bag of clothes all within their policy of 12-18 months previously bought. When I dropped the bag of clothes off the staff was very nice. Since their store is supposed to be "trendy" and "stylish" I was expecting to see clothes that I was interested in and wanting to buy. But no, all I saw was old t-shirts from Hollister that were about 5 years old and dresses with stains on them. Also a price for a pair for jeans was $20, I could go into a store now and find brand new jeans for the same price. I was not happy when I thought I was going to see trendy and recent clothes and then all I saw was stuff with old logos. Finally after 20 minutes my clothes that I was trying to sell were picked through. I went up to the counter to see what they were going to buy from me and it was 2 items of clothing out of 12. And for those 2 items of clothing all I received back was $5. That's what sent me over the edge. I had 10 other items of clothing that I had purchased within the past year and that were in great condition and they chose none of them. Also I had seen 2 of the items I was trying to sell in the store that were just in different colors and they still turned them down. Overall everything is overpriced for used clothing and I guess their idea of "trend" is something 5 years old and worn. Very disappointed and I will not be visiting there again.
5	I bring all my nice clothes that never get worn which I've bought within a year & they always give me a huge chunk of change. I'm very happy, this is the only placed I have spent money on clothes in years. I always find exactly what I want & come home with amazing clothes, even in my shoe size!!!
