3	Got a new Salted Carmel Hot Chocolate... Wasn't as good as in Reno. Seems like the Vegas Starbucks don't make it as good... :(
5	I visit this location at least once a day. Service is always fast and friendly, and they have never made a mistake on a drink. I appreciate their attentiveness.The drive-thru is never as busy as some other Starbucks I frequent (Aliante is the worst).The ONLY complaint I have is it's unfortunate proximity to a pig farm (which they have no control over so I cannot rightfully deduct a point) and it's pungent odor interfering with my typical odoriferous Starbucks experience.
5	They are always so friendly!!!
4	Has anyone ever had bad Starbucks? Is that even possible? I have been a fan of the Pumpkin Spice Frappuccino and I really enjoy it when they bring them back in the fall. It is my go to drink right now and the baristas here make them really good, and better yet fast!
4	waker upper
4	This is your standard starbucks, plus a drive-through. Fairly good service, yummy stuff, clean bathrooms. At times the customers inside seem to get stuck with longer waits than drive-throughers when the drive-through is busy.
1	I love starbucks and i love coffee but here my caramel macchiato shot was burnt and bitter the two times I have been here. So far the only Starbucks that screwed up my drink. I rather just go down the road and find another one a few blocks away.
5	I love all Starbucks and I did not see any problems love it and going there on my way to California see ya
3	Who doesn't love Starbucks? I mean, seriously, there isn't one thing these people can not create when it comes to Coffee or not one question about your favorite drink they can't answer, right?......WRONG!! Or at least not this location.Unfortunately, I come here often because its closest to my parents house but for crying out loud! The people doing drive-thru here have no clue what planet their on. I gave up on asking or requesting at this location. Last time I was there it took 10 minutes of waiting at the window. Finally, when they remembered I was still there they ended up comping my drink. Ay ay aaaaayyyyy....
1	Went there with a friend. Hoping to chat comfortably. Not happening here. It was colder than a hospital. When I asked employees about the thermostat, they informed me it was broken, and they could do nothing. I asked for details about management. They gave me the store managers card. The workers there actually seemed relieved when we left. I called corporate customer service. Thank goodness. Let's hope I don't have frozen toes again.....
4	I have been coming to this location for a couple of months now. It's convenient when I am working in the area or meeting up with family at a nearby dog park. I love that there is a drive-thru. The inside appears clean and the staff is not only friendly, but they remember regulars and make time to say hello to my dog, Brownie when she happens to be in the passenger seat. Brownie also loves the free "Puppuccino" they give her! You can ask for one of those for your fur baby at any Starbucks. Inside as well the drive-thru can be long at times, but it moves along smoothly most of the time. My drinks have been made right and the bakery items I've tried have been fresh, quick and convenient on the days I only have a short break. This Starbucks is in a small trip mall and the parking can be tight as well pulling in/out of the lot can be a bit frustrating with the congestion of cars in it sometimes. If you aren't apart of the Starbucks rewards program yet you frequent Starbucks, it would be smart to sign up. I get a free coffee on my birthday along with freebies throughout the year based on my purchases and stars earned. After 12 stars you get any free food or beverage item! I go to Starbucks anyway so this is just a way to earn something back on something I'm going to purchase anyway. I also buy the coffee in the store and can enter star codes online from some of those products as well. They also e-mail you when they have a "star dash" promotion or any other promotion going on.
1	The people that work here are slightly handicapped. You order a mocha, you get a cappuccino.
3	Don't come to this location if you are in a hurry. Probably the slowest Starbucks I've ever been to. It's frustrating to see the employees move around at such a slow pace when the drive thru and inside are PACKED! As far as drinks, they always get my order correct. That's never been an issue.
3	Slowest Starbucks ever. Consistently. They will also run out of bagels. I thought this location would be convenient as it is on my way to work but as the line is always long and it takes 15+ minutes to get through the drive thru (going in does not help speed the visit up, tried that), you'll surely be late for work.
2	This shop is hit or miss. It's usually dirty and the customer service is lax. Go to The Human Bean down the street instead.
3	I was in the area while scouting some bike trails yesterday and my Starbucks app pointed me toward this outlet.  It looks fairly new and it's a really nice store.I ordered my drink and then waited.  They were doing a good business at the drive through.  The part that amazed me was the fact there were four people working here yesterday.  One at the drive through register, one at the counter register and one making drinks.  The 4th person just stood around watching but I never saw her make a drink during the 5 minutes I waited.Wouldn't it make sense to task her with the cold drinks--frappuccinos and such--and the other one could concentrate on the drinks that needed to be made at the espresso machine.  That's what you'd think but that's not what was going on here yesterday.  I felt sorry for the barista.  She was working very hard and I sensed she wasn't pleased with the lack of help.The seating area was comfortable and the wifi was zippy.  That saved this from being a 2 star review but they really need to do something about the division of labor at this place.
