4	I don't believe this!! For my trip to Montreal I was too busy eating "MEAT" and I forgot to have any Marcons.......My Sweet Kat K remembers my passion for sweet and at our UYE she just presented us with a box of assorted flavours of Marcons from Birk Cafe! Even after almost a week, they are still so so so good... The shell has the right texture and the fillings has great flavour...just the right amount of sweetness.. So pretty too... Polka dot marcons! :)I really want to eat the whole box... but I ended up sharing them with other yelpers... I secretly wish they all said "No! I am on a diet!"
4	This is a place where you can go buy diamonds then have afternoon tea. It's like Beverly Hills in Montreal. Girls, if you want to show your man the diamonds you want or score a watch on your wrist. Suggest to have afternoon tea at Birk's Cafe. The service is impeccable, the decor is grandeur and it is not pretentious which was a bonus for me.
5	I came here with a friend who is crazy about high tea. The selection of tea is indeed abundant. The finger food was really great: the Devonshire cream was heavenly but it was the macaroons that stole the show. If you have an out-of-town friend who loves afternoon tea, this place would be a great contender.
5	While in Montreal for a mini vacation, my husband and I were wandering and found this place.  Originally we stumbled into the building to look at the sparkling jewels in the window, but found Birks!  Afternoon tea is one of my favorite things to do!  I love the relaxing nature of it.  The tea sandwiches and offerings were all delicious.  I noticed that each table that ordered this particular type of tea had similar items to us, but all varied in flavor or filling making the whole experience feel a bit personalized.  Our server was friendly and even told us about some of the places in Montreal.  I wouldn't choose this place as an everyday destination, but it was great for a little treat while on vacation.
3	When I saw a coupon for the afternoon tea at Birks Cafe, I had to drag my friend and go try it. We loved the ambiance and the interior of the building and the cafe section. We took pictures of the presentation and the tea experience was overall nice, however some pastries were not to our liking. For example the macarons tasted like artificial color and flavoring. Perhaps the chef's specialty does not include macarons, in that case, he should drop making those delicate macarons and concentrate on other mignardises. I'm not sure I'd go back though. I'm off to try the hotel high teas now.
4	Great place for high tea.  Food was impeccable, so as presentation of it. We had the best table at the back along a wall with great views of the surrounding, location location location as they say is key.The down side was the weight of the darn Chinese tea pot and the length and weight  of the nearly unmovable plate where all the food was on...a 3 tier presentation dish with so much food is way much more appropriate solution.I could see older folks really having a hard time negotiating, even battling with the crockery.  My problem here is : CAN EAT THERE SAFELY without breaking a joint or suffering 3rd degree  burns because of the tea pot.  I'de love to just enjoy all the food, service and surroundings, honestly.Finally, the restroom area: is chic and  well done but with NO atmosphere and seems as it was not meant to be there in the first place.  Imagine no linen towels or flowers, this  is just  not in  keeping up the rest of the experience.We are enjoying a good time, paying a decent, but reasonable  price, and expect a certain level of quality in this beautiful mezzanine room located in the most renowned Canadian  diamond retailer.Of course I will go again, as long as I can lift and maneuver what is put in front of me!
