3	Not the only Fry's in this neighborhood, but definitely the better of the two. This location is a large Fry's (but not a Marketplace store), and it's starting to show its age. It's still clean, however, and despite the feeling it always gives me of being too full of products (mountains of them), it's not cluttered.This location has a decent produce section, a deli and separate bakery, liquor aisles, a floral section, a bunch of freezer cases, and a full service pharmacy. Service at this location is good, and there always seem to be employees around if you need assistance.The rest of the mall area is dying, with the next door Walmart having closed its doors in 2008. That's good news for Fry's shoppers, because it's now possible to get in and out of the parking lot without a near crash.
2	One of the dumpier Fry's stores in town. Goes a little further down hill as time gies by.
1	Very poor customer service !!! I went into the Fry's on Main and Alma School shopping for Thanksgiving dinner.  There was a man working restocking the turkeys who stopped to ask if I was looking for a larger size Butterball turkey then what was out. I said no,  I was just trying to figure out if their store brand was as good as the Butterball. He stated he had never had one, I really didn't want to take a chance on a day that 25 people are coming over for holiday dinner.. I said I was thinking about going to the Safeway because they had the Butterball's on sale for 99 cents per pound when you spent $50. Fry's price per pound was like 40cents more. The nice man asked if I had the flyer from Safeway showing the sale price because Fry's was matching the prices! Cool, I was able to pull up the sale add on my phone.. there it was 99cents per pound!!. The nice man said " Wow.. it's your lucky day! Great price for a Butterball." " Just keep that ad up on you phone and show it to them when you go up to pay."  I was thrilled.. went thru the store finished up my shopping, about $60 worth of additional stuff....  get into line, give the check out girl my Fry's card and tell her about the conversation with their worker in the meat departmant and show her the sale ad on my smart phone.  She gets on the intercom for a manager to help her make the adjustment. The manager arrives, tells me they only match using the Safeway brand he grabs the Butterball turkey saying he will go get me one of those and begins to walk away.  I state..NO!  Your meat department worker stated differently..The manager then informed me "he had informed the store workers of the matching of their brand earlier and he gave me the wrong infomation." I did not buy the turkey..nor anything else in the cart! I went to Safeway down the street on Main and Dobson where I got my Butterball turkey for 99cents per pound and all the same items I had in my cart at Fry's.  I won't be shopping at that Fry's ever again... the manager should have spoken to the worker to verify the information I was saying was true and then let me buy the Butterball turkey for 99cents a pound! What every happened to the customer is always right?
4	The best.  Hands Down.
1	I actually really dislike shopping here but I have to because Safeway's prices are outrageous and there is nothing closer..I would usually go here early in the morning before work but this time I went at night to buy milk..During checkout, my husband and I were completely ignored, not a hello or anything. We got our bag and started to leave. Then I heard this insanely loud sound and looked back. All the cashiers gathered around laughing that one of the cashiers farted.. Eew! I don't want to shop somewhere where the workers are so open to their bodily functions next to food, freaking gross! Then walking out in the parking lot there was a group of teenagers and mid 20's buying and selling what looked like meth. They were right next to my car and I looked around to call security over but he was off lolligaggin fiddling around riding an electric shopping cart back to the store.... Some security! -_-
1	I wish there was an option to not leave any stars.  Sadly this Frys has become a very ghetto location.  Kids runs the stores and their produce dept is like a Farmers market with people who dig through fruits and veggies. The stire manager needs to watch the people and their kids in priduce who snack on things like grapes without purchasing....so Gross!  Also they need to get security in their lot for panhandlers!  Safeway is right up the road.  If you can avoid tjis store I would.  Dont bother trying to speak to the store manager...he doesnt have time for you!!
4	out of all the grocery stores I have shopped at this store is pretty great. The prices are good and it's well stocked. The employees are always very friendly.
