4	Good food. And the waitress leaves you alone...until you need a refill on drinks.
1	That was one of the most disgusting experience that I had in my life....very Bad FOOD  period!!
2	Not bad if you're in Greentree/Noblestown Road area and just want to munch but, this place is definetly in the bottom tier of Asian/Chinese buffets in PGH. area.  A lot of it is very oily and there's a taste that seems to permeate throughout the various dishes. gets a lot of business from greentree office-workers .
1	I saw the other low ratings, but I was feeling brave and hungry from an intense Krav Maga session at Wright's Gym down the street.  What I got for my bravery was low quality food at low prices.  The place was almost empty, and the food ranged from mediocre to downright inedible.  All the vegetables had been left under heat lamps so long they were neither solid, nor liquid, but some abomination between.  They had a fairly wide selection, but unfortunately it all tasted (at best) bland and the same.  Pittsburgh is home to many great asian buffets, this is the worst one I've been to here by far.  I hope you'll be wiser than I was.  Heed the low yelp rating and save yourself some disappointment.
1	I have had better, I have had worse. This place was opens on Labor Day so in I went. For a Chinese buffet the food was ok but the service was non existent. Nobody checked on me, no drink refill, nothing. All the staff was crammed into a booth talking and playing with their iPhones. I don't live here so I won't be back but if I did I would find another place. Well, several hours later I am pretty ill. I won't be back and may be calling the health department if I'm still ill in the morning. I ate:2 different chicken dishesFried riceVeggiesSpring rollWaterSucks when you can't trust a fart!
2	I was in the area and craving quick Chinese so I figured I'd give it a shot.  I would rate it ok at best.  I arrived at 7:30ish to a place advertised to be open until 10.  There was one other table in the entire HUGE restaurant.  Most of the buffet was picked over and you could tell that it had been sitting out for a while.  I asked if they would be refreshed and was told "we closing soon"  It was 7:30 and the sign on the door said they were open until 10.  The best thing I ate was the sweet and sour chicken.  That isn't saying much considering that an easy and fairly bland dish that is.  But the chicken had a good texture and the breading was right.  They had a lot of dishes that I enjoy, but most were dried out or almost empty.  The coconut shrimp looks like it would have been very tasty, but all that remained in the dish were remnants of sauce and one lonely shrimp.   I tried both the hot and sour and won ton soup.  The wonton soup had good flavor, but the won tons were dried out, again probably because they had been sitting a while.  The hot and sour was not horrible but not great either.Service was nonexistent.  I had to go to the register area (where the person was playing games on her phone) in order to ask for a refill on my water.  Not a great overall experience and the food was meh, but for the price, ($10) you aren't spending that much more then you would have on fast food and had a larger variety.
3	Their chicken and brocolli is just YUM!!! There have been several times where I had to go just because of that for a very far places. Overall, its a bit noisy and staff is really loud all the time.
2	Decent food buy WAYYY too expensive. $13.50 dinner price is outrageous. I'd rather go to an actual Chinese place like Sesame Inn and get very high quality food for much less.
3	My boyfriend is a buffet freak. He could eat one for breakfast, lunch and dinner if he could. I, on the other hand, enjoy buffets but only on occasion. Buffets are nice because you can take what you what and try new things, however sometimes when I go out to eat I just want to sit and have somebody bring me my food. Last night I caved and agreed to go here to make him happy. Was it bad? No, not really. Was it good? Ehh, I've had worse. The best way I can describe this is really just your typical run-of-the-mill Chinese buffet. It's nothing spectacular, yet you'll still be able to find something you'll like. As I mentioned in previous reviews, I like the more "American" Chinese food like Pineapple Chicken. There is no shortage of this kind of food as they also have a few American dishes like fried shrimp, chicken bites and onion rings. One thing I enjoyed was their coconut shrimp. It was probably one of the best I've ever had. It was unusually creamy (in a good way) and had a sweet taste that wasn't too strong. The biggest disappointment for me was their crab rangoons. Not only was the amount of stuffing extremely unappetizing, but it was way too sweet. I'm not too much of a sweets person so I was turned off. It made me sad because I really enjoy my crab rangoons! That's one food that's usually a guarantee score for me at a Chinese buffet. That being said, all of the food seemed up to temp and watched carefully by the staff. The place itself is a little dated but what do you expect for a place like this? It was 7:30 at night and we were one of the three or four tables there. I will say that the employees are very friendly and the woman who took our check (I'm assuming she's the owner), thanked us several times and really seemed like she appreciated us coming in. If it wasn't for the kind staff, I probably would have given this place two stars. Customer service goes a long way!
