3	When I think Thai, I don't expect upscale. Deejai Thai has put a twist on the typical family owned Thai restaurant. The atmosphere is modern, fresh, and slightly upscale (many of the patrons were dressed nice, shorts and flip flops were the exception).The service was friendly and attentive! In addition, the presentation was fancy (again, this is based on other Thai dining experiences). The quality of the Pad Thai was disappointing, but the Pantang was good.We spent approximately $25 without drinks. I recommend it for a "fine dining" Thai-style experience, but not necessarily for delicious Pad Thai flavor.
3	Were heading to Zio in Elizabeth and passed Deejai. Zio was closing early, so we go lucky that Deejai looked so inviting from the outside. The staff at Deejai welcomed us in. Definitely had that family feel and attentive service. I guess if you or your family own the restaurant, you don't close early and turn away paying customers. In keeping with theme of trying different; had the Pad Kra Prao/Spicy Basil. The ground chicken intrigued me and was a nice touch that balances the crispy green beans and peepers nicely
4	We tried this new Thai restaurant for carryout on a Sunday evening since our fav - Thai Orchid - was closed.  We ordered a smorgasbord of appetizers.  Very good food and an exceptional value.  Larb, Namsod, Tom kha seafood hot pot, Chicken satay, and Basil rolls.  All were really good and well-prepared.The place has a hip interior and the prices are the best I've seen.  I'll be back next time I make it to CLT!
5	What a lovely restaurant.  It was really nice to enjoy great tasting thai food in a comfortable, classy atmosphere. The service was quick and attentive- we had a really sweet waitress who didn't rush us when it took us awhile to decide what to order.  The food came out quickly- but not too quickly. I had the roasted duck in red curry sauce and it was divine. The spice and flavor in the sauce was too good, and the duck was just falling apart.  The dish was served with a variety of properly cooked vegetables- nice color and just the right amount of bite.  Nice by the glass wine selection, too.The food, service, atmosphere, location... it was all spot on. Just the kind of restaurant that Charlotte needs. Go Deejai!
3	I have been wanting to try Deejai for a long time.  It looks like a modern little place and it has a cool name and logo.  I thought what a great concept.  It made me very sad today, I ordered red curry chicken spicy and it came out  mild.  BOOOOOOO! It had to be the calmest curry I have ever had.  The restaurant itself is really pretty and the service was very good.
5	we went tonight and it was great. we were seated right away. the ambiance is modern but not too stuffy. the prices are not overwhelming and food was some of the best i have had since i have been here in CLT. Our whole meal for two with two apps and desert was $45 not bad.
5	I have been here twice now, the first was for dinner with friends and the second time was for lunch by myself. Service both times was great! It runs as more of a Brigade type system with multiple servers arriving at the table at different times during the meal. All were quick, quiet, and efficient. During lunch, a nice steaming bowl of crab soup and two crispy fried crab wontons arrived immediately after i sat,  as an "Amuse" and both were prepared wonderfully. It was a nice Welcome. Lunch was Great, the Basil Rolls were 2 large lettuce, shrimp and basil stuffed rice paper rolls, served on a plate with a plum sauce and small spoon for drizzling. There was also a nice layer of crushed peanuts on top of the plum sauce. The Pad Thai came out shortly after I was finished with the appetizers, but not too fast and was HUGE! I asked for it Hot (as thier options are Mild, Hot, and Thai Hot) and hot it was! It was a flavorful spicy which really made me yearn for the next bite. Temperature was perfect, I even had to let it cool for a minute before diving in. Lunch cost $12 and I had 3 very large courses! I was shocked! Dinner was great as well, My two guests both had beers, as they have a wonderful selection of Thai Beers. We shared the Basil Rolls and Curry Pot Stickers and an entree each. One of my guests ordered the Pad thai Mild because she doesnt do spicy very well, and had a fantastic meal! In the end, $57 was the total and again, we were thrilled!I have a feeling I could eat there everyday. Oh, I forgot to mention the ambiance was great, not "Overly Thai", but classy, sophisticated and Sirius Coffehouse on the Sound system. I would reccommend to ANYONE!
2	Disclaimer - my experience with Deejai was take-out and not dine-in.While trying to decide between Thai Taste and Thai Orchid with some friends, we decided to give Deejai a shot.  Here's my rundown of our experience:Called in order.  Person that answered the phone and took our take-out order seemed to be annoyed that we called.  Could've been a bad day, but he was off-putting.Items we ordered:Mee Krob - requested chicken mee krob instead of shrimp.  Not sure if this messed up the order but when we got it, it was cold and the chicken was really chewy.  This dish at Thai Orchid is cut up very small and easily wrapped in the lettuce.  We also got about 10 minutes away and realized that they didn't include the lettuce.  Turned around and went in to get the lettuce, they gave me a small chopped head of cabbage.  Went back in a second time to get lettuce and actually got it this time, although there were only about 3 actual leaves, and the rest was the inner part of the lettuce head that's unusable for wraps.Jeeb Sai Moo/Curry Pot Sticker  - No complaints about theseDeejai Gai Krob  - No complaints about this dish, was apparently very goodPad Kra Prao/Spicy Basil - No complaints except the person ordering it expected it to come on egg noodles and not with jasmine ricePad See U  - ordered one chicken Pad See U and one shrimp Pad See U with extra spiciness (two stars).  Chicken Pad See U was fine, Shrimp Pad See U was not spicy and the shrimp was rubbery.Fortunately, there's a lot of good Thai restaurants in Charlotte, and I think we'll be sticking with Thai Taste or Thai Orchid from now on.
5	By far the best Thai food I have had in Charlotte...I eat here for lunch at least once a week or more. The prices are unbeatable for the amount of food and everything is made to order no frozen vegetables here. You can get a lunch here dining in for under $8 and they bring you free soup and a free taste of an appetizer. They switch it up all the time and I love that I get to keep trying new items. I haven't been out to eat here for dinner yet but I never stop craving the food. Spicy and delicious. For something light try their Thai beef salad. My absolute favorite dish is the pork pad prik...the menu items all list suggestions of what type of meat to try with each dish, but of course you are free to order whatever you would like ... and you can't go wrong with any of the curries either.
3	Stopped by here last night for a little take out. My wife and I love Thai food (I recently came around to it). Walked in the door and was pleasantly greeted by the hostess who immediately took my order and gave me some great advice on the menu and what's popular, especially as it relates to the spice level. After ordering she offered me some water while I waited. The vibe in the restaurant was energetic and busy. My food arrived well under the 15 minutes that was expected. Once home, dove right in to the basil rolls and they are great with a tasty sauce on the side. Ordered the chicken pad thai (spice level = hot) and the pad prik with shrimp (spice level = medium). Taste was good...enjoyed the pad thai more as the pad prik was hotter than I liked and the pad thai was not as spicy. Overall...solid thai restaurant if you're in the area of Providence Road.
3	I've been interested in popping by this cute little Thai restaurant in Myers Park for some time now, so I was delighted when husband was in the mood for Thai takeout. This review is solely based on a takeout order, as we didn't have time to eat in!We brought home the Basil Rolls, the Pad Thai (price level hot) and the Pad Prik (spice level medium). First off, the Basil Rolls were delicious! Hubs and I tore into those immediately when we came home. They consisted of fresh shrimp, sweet basil and bean sprouts wrapped in rice paper and came with a plum sauce for dipping. They were super light and very tasty. For $4, that's a nice deal. Two orders of these would be great for a healthy lunch!My meal was the (spicy) Pad Thai. I decided to take a walk on the wild side and order it at this spice level as some of the reviews mentioned that Deejai's regular Pad Thai can be lacking in the spice department. Holy hot. It was tasty, but super spicy. Durr. The flavors of their Pad Thai were good, but not great. The peanut sauce was a little too thick for my liking and some of the noodles stuck together a bit. I prefer a lighter Pad Thai. I will say, though, this Chicken Pad Thai only cost $10 and left me enough for another (quite large) meal. While Deejai is not my favorite Thai place in Charlotte, it's fast, friendly and tasty!
5	We visited Deejai Thai for the first time this past Saturday night.  We were immediately impressed by the space inside.  Although it's basically one big open room, it doesn't feel "too" open.  I don't know if it was the low level lighting or the arrangements of the tables or what, but we liked the modern feel.  When it gets cooler out, I'd also love to sit outside in their fenced-in patio; it looks inviting.I started with a Thai iced tea to drink.  I was only introduced to this drink a few years ago, but I immediately fell in love with it.  If you've never had it, give it a try.  It's not like any iced tea you've ever had.  It's sweet, smoky, and so flavorful.  I have to try to limit myself to just one glass, though.  I can just imagine the calories in it.I get excited at Thai restaurants when I see cheap basil/summer rolls.  Deejai had 'em.  For starters, we tried the basil rolls (2 for $4) and crab rangoons (6 for $4).  Both were SO GOOD and balanced one another out, temperature- and fried-wise.  I had a difficult time deciding what to order for an entree.  Everything sounded delicious and were equally reasonably priced.  I went with the Pad Prik.  The menu description had me at "Oooooh! This is so spicy..."  You can get it at your preferred level of hot.  I went with "Thai Hot," which is the hottest you can get.  And, let me tell you, it was definitely hot, even for me.  My partner said, "I don't think I've ever seen you eat anything that was too hot for you."   However, I'd probably order it that way again next time, too.  It was full of flavor and spice.  Thankfully, I always had plenty of Thai Iced Tea or water.  Would we go back?  You bet.  It was the perfect first experience, the food is fantastic, the atmosphere is enjoyable, and the prices are affordable.
2	The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 or 0 stars mainly due to how good the food is.  Unfortunately the service was TERRIBLE.  First we arrived and they didn't have our reservation.  We had a party of 10.  Then after being seated we waited for over 15 minutes and we still had not yet seen a waiter to take a drink order.  My husband had to get up to get someone to come take our drink order. Drinks then did not come out quickly or even all at the same time.  Some of us in our party were waiting for 15 minutes after the initial drinks were brought out.Now let's get to the dinner.  My husband and I ordered the Pad Thai and their Sea Bass in red curry sauce to share for dinner.  The Sea Bass could be prepared two ways, either steamed or pan fried.  We ordered Pan Fried.  When it was served it was steamed.  We informed the waitress she suggested we try it and see if we like it otherwise she would take it back and get us the Pan Fried Sea Bass.  We both took a small bite and decide we did want the pan fried.  It was sent back and within 5 minutes our Sea Bass was delivered back to us.  The brought the SAME one that they took into the kitchen and just threw on the pan.  We know this because the same two corners we took a bite out of were still gone.We complained to the manager and all he did was grab the dish and take it back.  No appology nothing.  By the time our new Sea Bass was delivered the rest of our party had finished their dinners and we were no longer hungry.We got no apology, no explaination, nothing.Waitstaff is very slow, and management is lacking.  The only HUGE saving grace of this place is the food is VERY GOOD.  If they could get better management and train the wait staff better this would be a great resteraunt. (Keep the chef!)I"m doing take out next time.
4	Love this place. Friendly service, GREAT food, and really nice atmosphere. If you live in Elizabeth, walk over for dinner and then catch a movie at the Manner theatre. Also, try the Thai iced coffee. It's delicious.
4	Had dinner here tonight.  Definitely a fan!  I ordered the drunken noodles with chicken and asked for a "level 3 star" spiciness.  I've always wanted to try the place since I didn't know what it was when it first appeared next to the Manor Theater.  Truthfully, my group of friends were supposed to grab a quick dinner and then a movie, but the movie ended up being sold out- we decided to have a nice dinner instead.Wait staff was really nice and kept the water glasses full the whole time we were eating.  Especially needed that water with a level 3!  I usually don't go for spicy, thinking that the heat will ruin my experience with the food, but tonight I felt adventurous and it paid off in the end.It was an overall nice dinner experience with good wine, conversation, and of course food!
4	Thai might just be my favorite of the international cuisines we have "Americanized" and adopted in the States.  Fresh herbs and veggies, delicate noodles and spicy sauces- what's not to like?  I'm happy to say DeeJai is a fine representative of the class.I usually go here with co-workers for lunch.  Seating is pretty much always available and on nice days there are a few tables in a narrow outdoor courtyard.  Decor is modern but not over the top, nothing too jarring.  There is a full bar and now a sushi bar at the front end of things.  My only minor complaint with the setting is the constant playing of an "all-acoustic" Sirius radio station.  A little muted variety might be nice- I can only take so much Sting with my curries, after all.The lunch here is a pretty good deal- compared to what else is in the area.  You get an appetizer (usually a single crab rangoon) along with a small bowl of a soup that changes, but no mind, it has always been tasty.  Combined with the main dish, you're looking at about $8-10.  There are a few standards here- basil chicken, pad thai, and panang curry, but there are also a number of entrees, including salads and fish dishes- you can be as adventurous as you like.  For me, the pad thai is NOT good here.  Maybe I've become too accustomed to Thai Taste and Thai House, but the flavor of of the Pad Thai here is way off for me, I avoid it.No worries, though, because there are plenty of other options here.  My personal favorite is the panang curry with pork.  The curry is just right without having me breathing fire.  I literally try and scoop of the last of the sauce with my chopsticks.  My co-worker is partial to the spicy basil chicken, and it always smells tempting.  Both dishes comes with a generous portion of rice- not so with noodle dishes.  There is also a green curry and pad prik, both of which vie for my affection.  You get your choice of meat, or you can go vegetarian (not a bad choice).Be aware this place is now closed on Mondays, sad but true side if effect of the current economy.The new sushi menu looks very tempting, though I have not tried it yet.  The sushi chef stands around without much to do, so I can't comment here.  In all, this place is solid for both interesting entrees and some well executed favorites.  I give these guys a lot of credit, it's well-executed Thai without the crazy outfits or wall decor.  I'm all in.
2	got take out here twice when they first opened.  again, small portions and not at all spicy so i havent been back.  also pricey.  if i ask for thai spicy i at least expect to see some bird chilies in my food.  i have a thai cookbook so i guess i should just start making my own although its never the same.
4	Thai restaurants in Charlotte are either over priced and average or just plain average!  Last week while looking for lunch off of our beaten path, I remembered Deejai.  The place I forget I want to try, and I'm so glad I remembered.  After walking in the door, and loving the enviroment, nice big doors, and windows,  bam, there was complimentary chicken soup and some kind of pork thingies. Neither which I eat so, I ordered some Tom Kha tofu soup and it was delicious.  Iced Thai coffee and some green curry tofu, freakin awesome and great prices!    I couldn't stop talking about this place, and how I complain about no good cheap Thai food in CLT, so we ate it again last night for dinner. Two thumbs up is what I say,  PadTar w/ tofu, spicy, heck ya it's good.Service is nice and quick and the prices are extremely affordable.   It's so nice to find new things in CLT.-
5	I love coming here with my lady. It's inexpensive, has generous portions and is amazingly delicious. The staff is ultra friendly and accommodating. Of the Thai places I have tried in Charlotte, this place is far and away the best.
4	Unrelated to this review...Thursday nights are underrated.  Or were they ever rated?  5 stars.DEEJAI THAI.  The glowing neon letters make me feel like a mosquito.  You are just drawn to it!  I am no Thai aficionado, but I know that the Thai food that I have had, I have enjoyed. I checked out Deejai with 4 other girlfriends.  This is the way to go for optimal sampling.  I began with the Paupia Sod or Basil Rolls.  These are the rolls wrapped in chewy clearish stuff.  I love these things.  I think what makes them so great though is the fact that you can dip them in basically peanut butter.  I had to ask for this on the side, as it is served with a spicy sauce.  Good, I just prefer the peanuts.  Give me a plate of peanut butter any day of the week.My entree was the Gai Ma Kuer (Eggplant Chicken).  I am a huge fan of eggplant.  I just love it.  This was so delicious.  The chicken is diced up, taco style, and there are some great chunks of eggplant.  Portion size was filling, but let me just say I did not take home any leftovers.  I subbed brown rice for the jasmine rice.  A feeble "healthy choice" attempt.  $10.I tried my friend's Panang Curry with chicken.  SO GOOD.  This is a milder curry, with all the sweetness of coconut milk that I just love.  The pad thai was also great.  Quick and friendly service, nice dimly lit atmosphere, and excellent food. I am sure you can get cheaper Thai food, but the prices I felt were reasonable.  For those sporadic Thai cravings, I will be back!
3	Went here for a birthday dinner with 11 other friends, and everyone had  a great time and good food!Tried the basil wraps and really enjoyed them - we make these at home alot, but the sauce that came with them really kicked it up a notch (spicy thai chile).I ordered the Pan Prik, level 4 hotness with prawns and enjoyed the meal - while I thought it would be hotter, the flavors were fun and the portion size was perfect. The cons were that sushi took 45 minutes to arrive at our table (the waitress did warn those who ordered it) and their pricing was a bit high for some things I felt.Their menu is large, the environment is modern but cozy. I would go back, but this wouldn't be the first place I'd suggest for dinner.
5	Hands down. Best Thai in Charlotte. I brought family from out of town here for a quick lunch, they were blown away with everything; food, quality, quantity, service, price, etc. I've been here prob a dozen times so far. Panang Curry (level 3 or 4) best curry I have ever had. Spice and flavor is perfect.  I only wish they weren't closed from 3-5pm cause that always seems like when I am near there and craving Thai.
2	Unimpressed. We ordered takeout from here on valentine's day. Portion size left much to be desired. The chicken in both our pad see ew and panang curry was very dry and chewy.
4	Yummy! Love the Mountain Beef, Pad See U, and Tom Yum Soup with shrimp. In-dining experience is GREAT and makes for a nice casual dinner date but take out during the week is my favorite. Easy parking, punctual service, coupons, and hot ready to eat delicious food.
4	I've been searching for a place like this. Deejai seems pretty authentic (minus the sushi - how Thai is sushi?), and it's the only Thai restaurant in Charlotte that actually gives me "Thai style" hot when I ask for it. Price wise, it's on par with most other Thai restaurants in Charlotte, but a much trendier space (not as traditional with the decor than say. Thai Taste or Monsoon) and the portions are perfect. I love the Kang Dang (red curry) with tofu. I love the menu. I love the atmosphere. I love the servers - very attentive. What is there not to love? I have been here several times and so far, nothing else compares. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars is because of the music. Sometimes it's fine...but they use Pandora radio and the strangest things comes up sometimes. Last night it evidently was French Canadian diva night - I heard at least three Celine Dion songs.
5	Oh my Thai!  My first experience with Thai food was wonderful!  From the chicken satay appetizer to the green and red curry chicken to the mango sticky rice...I was a fan from the first bite of all of it!Deejai Thai is simply but attractively decorated and the atmosphere is cozy yet family friendly too, we saw a wide variety of patrons in our visit.  I loved the tabletop fresh roses and super cute black and white lanterns!We started with a chicken satay appetizer with a wonderful peanut sauce and a relish like mix of cucumbers and carrots that I really liked!  Chicken was perfectly grilled and the combination of the dips was great!!!My date ordered us the red (medium hot) and green (medium) curry chicken so I could sample both and I enjoyed them both very much...deciding that the red was indeed my favorite of the two.  The jasmine rice was different and flavorful, and a nice balance to the heat of the curry chicken.  My nose did get a little runny at first, but oh my goodness it was worth it and the heat was not overpowering, but just right!!  The peppers, eggplant, green beans and of course chicken in the red curry sauce were just delicious!  The green curry was yummy as well and I really liked the flavor of the veggies in that sauce.We finished the meal with mango sticky rice, which was delightful and suprising...the combination of warm sticky rice with toasted sesame seeds topped with ice cream and served with mango...wow...I loved it!Service was very friendly and our glasses never got even close to empty!  I would most certainly eat here again!  My first visit to Deejai was wonderful!!
4	I have long noticed Deejai in the Manor Shops near Manor Theatre. But it wasn't until it was our friend's bday when we made it a girls night of pedis at Polished and dinner at Deejai last August. Hubby and I visited again recently on date night.  The ambiance is great- it's an intimate, perfectly sized restaurant if not a little on the tight side. The restaurant is simply but nicely decorated.  The service is good and friendly. It seemed there were regulars at the table next to us that got special attention from the managers.The menu has some good variety to it; sushi which is good, traditional Thai menu items like Pat Thai, Pad See Ew, curries, etc. as well as some more fusion and innovative dishes, including some really interesting specialties and seafood specials. The girls and I had the green papaya salad, which everyone loved (except me, but I'm picky), softshell crab, and drunken noodles. We also heard the halibut was fantastic.  The drunken noodles were so good (5/5) I got them the last time I went too, this time with shrimp and they were delish (too spicy for hubby though).  The softshell crab seemed a bit plain (3/5), but they were decent.    On date night, we started with the boston roll (4/5), then had the Pad See Ew and the drunken noodles. Unfortunately the Pad See Ew was terribly boring and bland. I thought maybe he was exaggerating and I tried them and he was right. (2/5)- they were dry and bland compared with what you'd get at Basil or Monsoon.  That said, we had a lovely time and we would return, just not for the "traditional" Thai dishes.  Go for the innovative seafood, or take a rec from the waitstaff. She recommended the beef and my husband wishes he had taken her recommendation.
4	OK, a few of my foodie friends are obsessed with Deejai and I just didn't get it, well I got it today at lunch. YUMMMMMM. We ordered a lemongrass, ginger beef, green curry chicken, and a spicy ground chicken dish. Of course, I ordered my green curry spicy, it did have a kick but it wasn't as hot as the other dishes on the table. Everything was delicious and the portions were huge. A little one star addition for this cute, modern establishment. Deejai also offers a private dining room downstairs that can accommodate up to twenty people and outdoor seating. It's on my radar now.
4	We have had multiple visits to Deejai and they are always on point. They did change their menu a bit and I liked the older menu better. The green curry - Thai spicy is amazing.
5	Do you want a sweet date spot? Do you like your flavor (and spice) turned up to eleven? Then Deejai is the spot for you!Let be break it down:The curry potstickers were fantastic. I ate the extra sauce with my spoon. The 4 dumplings they give you are the perfect starter to share. They weren't spicy but there was no mistaking the curry flavor. I had the Pad Ke Mao w/ beef made four stars spicy. I feel like I should have gone 5 stars (thats Thai hot with fresh chili) but even at that level there was t least as much kick as most Thai restaurants in CLT give you if you order the dish at the highest heat. The noodles were a spaghetti style instead of a flat rice noodle, but they worked with the dish and all the flavors blended nicely. I washed it all down with a Chang lager.I must say I was pleasantly surprised about the pricing (ok, not surprised because i looked it up online first, but happy none the less). For all its high ceiling, low lighting, and modern swank Deejai's food is priced comparable to most other Thai places I've been to in town. My noodle dish w/ beef was $10 and the app and beer were $6 and $4 respectively. It's good to have found tasty Thai that doubles as a swoonworthy night out when the fella and I want to dust off our fancy duds without breaking the bank.
3	i have been here a handful of times and always enjoyed it but forgot to review it. ive pretty much just stuck with standard thai fare @ deejai thai and it never disappoints, solid pad thai, VERY SOLID green curry, i like hot food and 3 star isnt hot but their thai hot can remove the skin from your mouth and have you ordering glasses of milk so be careful.  i had one of their flounder specials one night and it was devine, spring rolls and great, green papaya salad is spot on (very traditional thai salad and amazing if done right).  the people that work their are friendly and nice, they do a great job with take-out BUT BUT BUT they have crammed too many tables onto their dining room floor so if you have more than 4 people there, i think, is only one table that can accomadate your group and elbow room is @ a premium when they are packed.  other than the tight floor i really like deejai thai.  its a great place to go when on a date or with another couple or foursome.  reasonably priced, nice atmosphere, and great locale.  this is probably the 3rd best thai place in charlotte, the first two are dynamite so dont let that 3rd ranking fool you and thai food is my second favorite cusine so im eating it all the time.  deejai is good, go try it
5	Exceptional Entree - Spicy Thai Basil with Asian Eggplant, Beef added!!! Tonight for Dinner first there were the appetizers:  Pot Stickers (fried not steamed Dumplings in a sweet Curry), Beef Satay with Peanut Sauce (Deejai has my favorite Peanut Sauce).  Jai  (the Owner) recommended Satay with Beef (last Year not tonight) and I have been getting the Beef almost every time.  I like the Chicken Satay very much and you can get a Combo Satay (may not be on the menu).The entree was Exceptional and Inspired a new list for any Entree this AWESOME ... ready here it is "Chimpballistic" Sensationally Exceptional Entrees - Here is the rundown on this one - It is Rich in Flavor Complexity though its makeup is simple (no clowney extras): Garlic, minced Hot Peppers (level Two spicy was perfectly HOT), Thai Basil, Soy Sauce, Oil (just enough to cook it in - Not noticeable in the dish at all!!!), Asian Eggplant (the long Beautiful purple kind) and I ruined it for the Vegetarians when I added Beef (not listed this way on the Menu).Dessert:  Mango and Sweet Sticky Rice  with Ice Cream, topped with Sesame Seeds!  Excellent!!! A  Tracy Chapman song was playing (not "Fast Car") and it sounded like some new R.E.M (maybe) also.  They usually have some music I like here!Tonight was my 29th dine at Deejai and 8th time this year!  Their service team serves the whole restaurant and inspired my "Smooth Operations" List!  They are that incredible!Modern - Modern - Modern!  The Decor - The menu - Deejai adds a modern twist to many dishes, so if you want more traditional Thai - ask someone what to order (not me I have my mouth full)!
4	I'll be honest, I've been to DeeJai several times now as a different Thai Place than the usual Thai Taste on East Blvd - and though I enjoy the food, I was never overly moved to actually post a review. But last night, we booked the private room downstairs for a special dinner celebration for 25 people - and everything was great!There was no charge for the dining room, the service was excellent, and the food came out fast (note, that we were recommended to sit down to eat after 8pm when that the main dining room slowed down). We were able to arrive early to set up and decorate, start the party early with drinks and mingling before the 8pm dinner. They were very accommodating and checked in on us often during the cocktail hour. As for the food - I stuck with my usual Lard Nar, which is always delicious, but my friend ordered the Mango Salad - and I found a new favorite! Several of the guests ordered from the sushi menu, which is a great option for mixed tastes (seeing as how we had such a large group). The server not once made a mistake, and we even split the checks - all without a hitch. Great food, service, ambience. And yes, I was moved enough last night that I ultimately made this post :)
2	Went here during restaurant week. Was it worth it? Probably not. Their appetizers were tiny (shumai or crab rangoon)-- we had both. The shumai was not warm and you only got 3 little ones. The crab rangoon was good, but how can any decent restaurant mess it up?Then we had the entrees. This place probably has the worst pad thai I ever tasted. It was a reddish pad thai, which I have never seen. It just didn't taste good at all. The other entree we ordered was crispy duck which came in a red curry sauce. The curry was bland and the duck was a little overdone.The food wasn't terrible but it wasn't good either. I won't be back.
4	I'm a really picky eater, and in my quest to become less of a pain when going out to eat with my friends, I'm sampling as many different foods as I can from cuisines I've previously ignored.  One of these is thai food.  I don't like pad thai and I don't like peanut sauce, but most of my friends are super into it, so I decided I want to be into it, too.  A quick poll on twitter told me I should try Deejai, and I'm really glad I did.First, to break the ice, I got crab rangoons, which aren't on most thai menus.  These were some of the best I've had...unbelievably light and crispy and creamy, little parcels of crabby goodness.  Next my companion ordered us two bowls of tom yum soup.  I navigated around the chunks of tomato and mushrooms and chopped scallions to the spicy, red-dotted broth.  Delicious!  There's one thing I know I can order now.  For my entree I got the panang curry, asking to sub out the bell peppers for zucchini (I told you I was a picky eater!) I was wringing my hands with worry that I wouldn't like it, but as soon as I spooned it onto the sticky jasmine rice I was sold.  Success!  I like two things!  That's more than enough!  My companion (not a yelper) ordered the yellow shrimp curry, 5 stars thai hot.  Supposedly with chilis but I didn't see any, and he said it was "white people hot".  I tried a bite and even I didn't find it to be all that hot.  This may have been due to the fact that we were the last customers of the night, because I've heard that they don't skimp on the heat.  A word about that: Even though the restaurant was empty and we were the last customers and stayed a little past closing time, the service was really friendly and fast, and our water glasses never went empty.  All in all, I'm glad I got to cross thai food off my list of culinary adventures, although this is by no means our last dance together.
4	Thank you yelpers again for leading me in the right direction! Tom Ka soup was good not great, not enough heat and coconut flavor. The Basil Chicken was Amazing! Fantastic. The Shrimp Fried Rice was Excellent a bunch of plump Juciy perfectly cooked Shrimp! Great and Friendly Service! The bathrooms were very, very clean, this is a good sign of the kitchen as well. Keep up the great work!
5	Huge fan of Deejai nestled right beside the Manor Theater.  My favorite dishes: Green Curry, Spicy BasilThey also have a large selection of sushi....try the Deejai roll wrapped in cucumber.
3	I took a friend who was visiting here, mostly because I found one of those buy one entree, get one entree on the back of the Harris Teeter receipt.  She's a vegetarian so I knew that Thai would be a great veggie choice.Likes:  Quick service and fun local atmosphere.  Thai tea.  My friend got some sort of tofu noodle thing, I tried it, and it was delicious.Dislikes:  I love Asian soup, so I got some sort of beef noodle soup.  The broth was really good but the quality of the meat was lacking.  As in, I picked through the beef.  I always eat everything unless it is inedible.Take it or leave it:  Take it, but next time I would try stick with tofu or chicken, or something that's safer than beef.
1	This place was awful! I have never felt the need to write a bad review about anywhere I've eaten until I went to Deejai.We had 4 different people waiting on us who had no idea what was going on, not to mention how rude they were. It was way to crowded and uncomfortable. The worst part was the food, mine and my husbands entrees were both still mostly frozen when we got them, it was gross. I would never eat here again.
4	Atmosphere is inviting and clean, service is friendly, food is high-quality. I tried their current special Firecracker Roll- I assumed Firecracker would mean spicy, but apparently it means smoked or flash-cooked somehow. It was immaculately prepared and plated but there was a film of black on top that tasted to me like ash. The server took it back no questions and the sushi chef made me a Deejai Roll immediately, which was delicious.The crab rangoon, spicy crab & avocado salad, and drunken noodles were also very good.
5	Went here for my first anniversary with my wife and immediate family - we all absolutely loved the place. First off, the front staff was extremely friendly, and seated us immediately even without a reservation. Our server was super friendly, and was more than willing to offer jeer advice on which dishes to get. Heres a breakdown of what we got.Pot stickers - fried dumplings in a sauce. The dumplings had good flavor, and were cooked well, wish we had more of the sauce with the dumplings.Crab Rangoon - awesomeness, had two orders of these and they were devoured immediately. So light and crispy, absolute perfecton.I had the spicy basil chicken. Very spicy, with GREAT flavors, and I loved that the chicken was chopped up. Had a little bit left over, and it was awesome the next day as well.My wife had two big sushi rolls, I don't remember the names, but they were both excellent.My sister had the pad Thai, it was delicious.The BEST dish we had was the sea bass chefs special that my mother had, we all tried it and it was amazing, it was cooked to perfection, and tasted amazing, highly recommend it.
4	From the outside, this place look pretty casual. Inside, not so much! Dress it up dressy/casual with your date to enjoy a moderate-priced menu. Our meals were tasty, and from scanning the other tables-- there were no disappointed faces!
5	My first 5-star review in Charlotte.My wife and I stopped by for some take-out on a whim, and got an assortment of stuff.We got Chicken Satay and some kind of Pad Thai just to see how they handled the basics.  Both were fantastic.I think we also got some sort of light spring-roll with shrimp in it... whatever it was, it was great.Everything was fresh and flavorful and interesting.   I highly recommend this restaurant.
3	In my quest to find the best pad thai in Charlotte, I went to yelp for help and suggestions on where to go next. Reviews for Deejai seemed well so there I went!I ordered the Spring Rolls for appetizer. They were hot and fresh when they came out. There were 6 pieces, about the size of my thumb each, they were laid on some lettuce strips in a small plate. It was good - they were veggie rolls - but they were a little too oily. Also, the sauce was too sweet so I had to ask for something spicy to dip the rolls in. The rolls were 3 stars for me.Now comes the main dish. I ordered pad thai with chicken. It came in a large plate with a deep center. It was good, not spicy like that of pad thais I've tried elsewhere. And they didn't have a condiments tray, to put chilli or other spices in it. Also, as I ate, I found that some noodles were rubbery - probably those who got stuck in the wok and got overcooked that they still served. They were bundled up and were harder to bite/ chew through. That was a little disgusting. The chicken was cut too big to be eaten well with chopsticks. But at least it tasted fresh and clean. Pad thai was 2.5 stars.Ratings Summary:Service = 4 stars - The crew, Jessica, was very attentive to me and my needs. She was quick, and the food was quick enough that I didn't starve to death.Ambiance = 4 stars - This is a very date-y place. It has dark lighting and posh seats. Could be for groups too. There was actually a table where 11 people were seated when I was there. Reservations may be required. It was packed when I came, and I sat in the bar instead because I didn't want to take a table for 4 for myself.Food = 3 stars - It was a little too hyped up, but it was really just okay. Not the best one in town. Som's (my fave Thai place from my hometown in the Philippines) could easily beat that pad thai to the ground - and serve me one for 2 people at just $3. Deejai's was $10.99 + tax.OVERALL = 3.5 starsWould I go back? Perhaps. I'd like to try the other dishes like the ground chicken (Spicy Basil I believe). But never those items above ever again. And I'd probably only really come back if my meal was on the house OR being paid for by someone else :P
3	Sticky, overly sauced Pad Thai? Dry, boring larb? Wet Pad See Ew with only broccoli?  Kitchen that closes at 9:40 and deep fried items can't be accommodated even at 9:30ish?  Not my idea of good Thai. I remember having some nice experiences here 18 months ago.  After coming back twice in the past couple months, I've crossed Deejai off my list unless I need to go there and everywhere else is closed. This past experience, my friends and I went at 9:30 on a Sunday.  We knew it was getting close to closing time-- but we just wanted to order some Pad Thai and our friends had a hankering for spring rolls.  Boring, but easy and something we could order quickly before the kitchen closed at 9:40. After ordering, we were told the deep fryer was turned off since they're closed on Mondays.  (Wow, they must really have wanted to get out of work by 10pm or something if they shut it down already.) I didn't think much of it, (though our dining partners were somewhat miffed) so they ordered some sushi and we got larb instead. To our surprise...15 minutes later, spring rolls arrived at our table!  Uh, okay!  Then we were brought the larb and sushi.  It would have been nice if we were informed the spring rolls would be coming.  The larb by the way was okay...but tasted like overcooked ground meat.  Not juicy or flavorful. The Pad Thai was, as I said.  Overly sauced and sticky, as in it was difficult to break it apart even. We weren't asked for a spice level...so it came out with no spice at all.  The sushi was fine, nothing out of the ordinary, purely perfunctory. The spring rolls were okay, but again, nothing special, and the sauce was too sweet, as mentioned by Yeye A. The Pad Se Ew I had one take-out day was so liquid-y, it was as if noodles were cooked, and sauce poured atop-- not sauteed/wok fried at all. Oh well, we tried, and now we know we most likely won't go back unless we have to.  There are a number of ways to get discount coupons to this restaurant (coupon fundraising books, at-home mailers, deal sites occasionally...) but even then, I'm not sure if I'd spend the money.
4	Food is good but the service could be better. I feel like the layout of the restaurant makes me feel elbow to elbow to strangers next to me.
4	Had the lemongrass chicken and it was amazing. Good service, good atmosphere, good price. I've been to many a Thai restaurants (including the actual country) so my standards for Thai food are quite high, & Deejai's did not disappoint. $11 for a nice portion of lemongrass chicken & rice. I got it Thai hot as well, which can be risky cause it will either come out covered in chilies or not hot at all, but it was the perfect amount of spice. Can't wait to go back.
4	Awesome menu. Hubby and I had dinner with another couple recently and we all really liked their food a lot. We like that they ask the level of spice before they serve the food. I loved the green curry because it was packed with vegetables and lots of sauce. Hubby got their pad thai and he loved it. We will definitely be going back for more.
4	Deejai Thai has stolen a piece of my little Thai-loving heart.... and soul. I've ventured in a few times, on a whim, and have always found something worthy of plate-cleaning. I've ventured in only for dinner but would happily oblige a go at the lunch menu. The location tends to be a bit finicky with parking. Get here for dinner during a 7pm or 9pm movie at The Manor and you'll be hard pressed not to find parking along one of the neighboring streets. I've made the mistake of trying to fight for a parking space in the lot outside. You may find yourself up against a few soccer-mom buses. Savvy? Either way, once you find yourself inside of Deejai's dimly lit and relaxed dining room, it's all downhill (in the best freaking way possible).Staff is always very welcoming and quick to seat you. There is lovely seating along the side of the building and great on temperate evenings. Candle-lit dinner seekers, this is your area. Very romantic and sometimes rather quiet despite resting so close to Providence Rd. Here's my recommendation: Basil Rolls. Filled with basil and shrimp and accompanied with a light and perky plum dipping sauce. I'd drink the stuff if I could....that may be a little audacious, but it is really good. You get two with each order so maybe ordering a few plates for your table is in order. You won't regret it. Pad Thai. Bet you didn't see that one coming. I've always loved it at Deejai. Sweet and balanced with sour from lime wedges. Tender rice noodles and filled with veggies and tofu. You can get tons of other proteins in your order. Duck, though pricey, is definitely worth the venture. Curry Fried Rice. So filling. Generous portion of rice and vegetables. Wonderful yellow curry flavor and the eggs are a wonderful addition. DESSERT. This is the coup de grace on your appetite. Ready? Mango with Sticky Rice and Ice Cream. I died and went to dessert heaven the first time I had this. Sweet, hot, cold, chewy, creamy, melty, fruity heaven. This is the perfect balance of textures, temperatures and flavors for a dessert. I'm not typically a dessert person, but this beats the pants off anything else I would choose to end my meal. Well done, Deejai. I'm a believer. Deejai has an expansive menu with wok options and sushi. I've yet to try these but plan to in the near future. Price point is rather fair. My wife and I can eat here for about $30 (including dessert but not drinks). If Thai is what you're seeking, Deejai needs to be on your list. Cheers!
4	We were craving Thai, but rather than head up to the usual Thai House, we opted for the conveniently located to our location at the time, Deejai. As a bonus, they do have a lunch coupon in the Entertainment Book and 10% off mobile coupon on the Entertainment App, not much but i'll take any amount off of delicious food. There was mild confusion using the mobile coupon, but they were friendly and accepted it no problem. i strayed from the Pad Thai, and went with Pad Prik based on the awesome description. "Oooooh! This is so spicy and healthy that there must be some mistake because the flavor is awesome." It's true, it was delicious, probably could have went up one on the spice scale, but overall it was really good. Devoured the entire plate.
2	Meh is exactly how we felt here.  The restaurant is lovely, so if ambiance is the most important thing to you then you might like it, but the food took a bit too long and seemed overpriced, and when my husband ordered his curry spicy it was laughably mild. I had a dish with fried tilapia and pineapples and other veggies, and while the tilapia was good the other stuff was overly sweet.  My mom liked her mango salad though, so it wasn't a total strike-out.  Also the staff was nice and attentive, and I didn't think it was their fault the food took so long.It's not a bad place, but IMO there's better Thai to be had in town.
2	So, I purchased a Living Social for Deejai and was excited to stop in for the first time.  While the food was pretty good, I think this might be the worst service I've experienced in Charlotte.  It was Saturday and pretty busy, but that's no excuse.  We were seated and sat around for a while before anyone talked to us for at least 10-15 minutes.  It's not good when the server shows up and the whole table orders drinks, apps, and their entrees all at once.  Food took forever, but it all came out hot and delicious.  I'm not a Thai connoisseur, but I thought it all was good.  I can usually give the service a pass when there is good food, but it was just so glaringly bad that I won't be back.  I had to ask a different server for the check.  She mentioned to us, 'Oh your server must be cleaning in the back.'  What? Really??  I knew they were closing the kitchen down, but c'mon man!!  It wasn't split right so I had to get up and help her split it at the register.  That took forever and it felt awkward standing at the register trying to get the check split correctly while our original server finally popped her head out from where ever she was 'cleaning'.  I'm surprised I even left a tip I was so annoyed.  This experience might be an exception, but I definitely won't be back.
1	We got to the restaurant around 8 pm and hostess took us to our table. No one came to the table to take our order or give us water for 20 minutes. We actually had to go back and ask the hostess to get us a server. Once we order our food it took another 45 minutes to get out food. We ordered pad see u and some flounder dish that was listed as their specialty. Food was below average. Once we were done eating, we had to wait 10 more minutes to get our check and after we got the check we waited another 10 minutes to see if they will come pick up our card and process the payment. We finally gave up and went to the front of the restaurant and gave it the hostess. Terrible experience. I will not be returning to this place.
4	My favorite Thai in Charlotte.  Reasonably priced, consistent quality.Dark, quaint, smallish atmosphere.  Generally, the service is good but have had slow service on occasion... and on occasion have gotten terrible service or a less desirable table (next to the door).The spring rolls are delicious.The green curry is excellent (medium to hot spice level with tofu).  The scallops are also cooked nicely.Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc completes my meal at Deejai.
5	Great service, very good food, nice layout... I am a repeat diner who loves this local restaurant. The staff genuinely appreciates you being there... wow... no sales/food pitches, good recommendations.
2	Deejai, I want to love you. I do. Sometimes you take me in your arms and give me what I crave. Other times, it's like you aren't even there, like you don't care any more. I deserve better than this, but I keep coming back to you. It's embarrassing when someone I care about comes into town and it's my responsibility to take them to a favorite local place and really show off what Charlotte has to offer. And I bring them to, say, Deejai Thai. We order. We get two bland dishes. We send them back and reorder, and get 1 amazing dish and another bland dish. I can't keep going like this, Deejai. I need someone who's there for me all the time. I want to give this place a 3, earned wholeheartedly by their curries, spring rolls and their drunken noodle. They are hands down the best in the area. But without the support of a good Pad Thai and many other dishes, I can't reasonably give this more than a 2. Stray not beyond the confines of those few dishes, for you will wander into a world where taste, spice and flavor have been forsaken. And you will be sad, and embarrassed if you've talked the place up to an out-of-towner. Celebrity most likely to enjoy eating here: Charlie Sheen: I imagine he'd be too drunk to care about the blandness of the dishes. Half hour to live and I have to get my last meal here: The drunken noodle never disappoints.
5	I have now been to Deejai several times and keep going back.  They have great thai food and the sushi is excellent as well.  Additionally, they have a great wine list which is not common in most thai restaurants in Charlotte.  The ambiance is slightly modern and fairly simple.  There is a small full bar, wine, small dining room, and small patio which is great when the weather is nice.As far as the thai food, their green curry is far better than anybody else's.  Order with shrimp, beef, or seafood, doesn't matter, the flavor of the curry makes it all great.  You can have them tone down the spice if you want, but I like it spicey or the way it comes out of the kitchen.  I've had their Drunkin Noodles which is another great dish.  As far as the basic Pad Thai, Pad Prik, and spicey basil, the sauces are right on with great flavor.Now on to the sushi...It is possible that some of the best sushi in Charlotte is at a Thai restaurant.  Their special rolls such as Spider, Lobster, and Panther rolls are very good.  In addition, they have sushimi salad that is incredible that is light, healthy, and very tasty.The service is great and staff is very nice and friendly.  This restaurant does get very busy at times and you can see that they do a lot of take-out.  The chefs must stay slammed in the kitchen with the amount of orders they get.By the way, they usually annouce (on their facebood page) highly rated/quality bottles of wine for $20 during the week.  Goes great with Thai food!Great job!  I'll be back!
5	Deejai, how I love thee. You have, by far, the best Thai food in Charlotte. As much as I enjoy eating within your walls, I like doing take out even more. This past Sunday, we feasted on your Drunken Noodles with pork (Pad See U), Ocean Roll, and Green Curry with Duck. Holy moly. Everything was amazing, but the green curry put me into food heaven. I want to bathe in it. I've never been disappointed with you and can't wait to go back soon (ALSO, I love that you always have coupons on the back of my Harris Teeter receipts).
4	Love this place. I eat here with friends a lot. Tom Yum Soup is fantastic with butterfly shirimp. Pad Thai is good too.
4	I really enjoyed our Deejai experience.At first I was a bit skeptical because the place was so crowded and it took forever to get a seat... we learned our lesson and will DEFINITELY book a reservation next time. Deejai is a TINY restaurant and is very crowded because the food is the bomb, so take my advice and call ahead!Once we were seated the experience was truly top notch. They had great sake (I've never had bad sake, just to be fair), Thai beers on the menu, great spring rolls and some mouth-wateringly good entrees. I ordered the mixed vegetable dish with chicken (I think the Thai name for it had Ruam in it, but I honestly don't remember). My fiance ordered a chicken curry dish that was spicy and absolutely delish!We'll definitely return, but next time we will be armed with a reservation :)
5	Really fresh and amazing.  Lunch service is great with the free appetizer.  Great ambiance and a really cute little patio area.  LOVE!
5	Love IT. My favorite sushi place is Charlotte and great Thai as well. Is not a fusion place but rather both menus which is great. The sushi is very delicious with a light flavor and thin coat of rice and loTs of meat
1	If you prefer sodium rich food then I would say this is your place! The food was more sodium based than the usual Thai spices I taste when eating Thai food.  The service was okay, and overall it was yuck!  If you want delicious Thai, I would recommend Thai 1st Bistro in Charlotte or Kanikai in Greenville, SC.  As a vegetarian they are more geared to accommodating the veggies and carnivores enjoy their dishes. Just stay away from this place or you'll end up drinking more water to clean out your system.
5	Yummmm...  Hands down the best Thai food in Charlotte.  Try the massaman curry or the sushi.  A must if you love Thai food!
2	The Pad Thai was a 6.5/10.   GOOD: Perfect consistency..its not dry, no food coloring, you can taste the tamarind sweetness, and they used the right size of noodles.  BAD: Lacking the chillies!  A real Thai chef/cook can make your PhadThai mild, medium or spicy--kinda like a salsa...not just a sweet noodle. Also it needs a little of cilantro & more bean sprout. Oh, and they  put shredded  carrots and purple cabbage on the side.Tom Kha Ga  6.0/10Too watery, needs a bit more coconut milk, and sourness. not a single stalk of lemon grass nor galangalIt has been my experience here in the South, the short time I've been here, ..that Asian ( Especially w/ Thai, Japanese..Vietnamese) food are served with much modification. I understand the need to please non-Asian cultures, however, we are not showing the real Thai dishes, omitting the chillies in Thai Food is simply not an authentic Thai Food anymore. But then again, some people can not tell the difference because they have never had the authentic ones.  Ambience was pretty though.
4	For quite some time now, Deejai was one of those places that I "almost" got to on several occasions.  As a long time fan of Thai, I was excited to finally dine there with my dinner group.  I loved the atmosphere, but I guess now that I'm of "a certain age," a little more lighting could help me read the menu, even though I begrudgingly now carry reading glasses in my purse.Alas, no meekrob available so I opted for Crab Rangoon, another favorite starter. I settled on Beef fried rice with yellow curry for my entree. Both entree and starter were delicious.  My entree contained healthy portions of beef and chunky tender vegetable slices, exactly as described in the menu.Our group had a great time, and next visit I will definitely be trying another dish on what I consider to be a very large and varied menu.  Hope meekrob is available next time!
1	I really want to like deejai and I've been four or five times to try to build the relationship that just isn't there. Every time I've eaten here the server doesn't write down my order and, predictably, messes it up big time. And then offers nothing more than a "sorry." These have all been simple orders like pad Thai with chicken, pad see ew with tofu, etc. One time the pad Thai came out at the highest spice level because, according to the server, when I didn't specify the heat level he just assumed I'd want it as spicy as possible. My dish originally arrived much later than my husbands and then by the time the server brought out a revised dish (the first one's spice was UNBEARABLE), my husband had already finished his dish and what was supposed to be a lovely dinner together was, well, ruined. Another time the dish I ordered with tofu came out with chicken. I told the waiter server this and he apologized and asked if I wanted him to send it back. It was almost 10pm on a Friday and the kitchen was closed so I said I'd just deal with it. In my opinion, when these type of thing happen, the restaurant should offer some kind of peace offering - a coupon, discount, free drink - something! Deejai did not and with prices like that, it simply isn't worth it for me to keep trying to love it. Sorry, deejai!
3	Mom treated me to a birthday lunch yesterday.  We beat the lunch rush since we got there around 11.  Nicely decorated, cozy seating.  It looks like they also have a nice outdoor patio seating area when it's warmer.Started off with complementary chicken rice soup (although the menu says free soup or salad with dine-in, we were not given the choice) and those addictive crunchy fried noodles with the sweet chili sauce.  Of course we ordered Pad Thai to honor the tradition of eating noodles on one's birthday "for long life".  It was yummy with the jumbo prawns.  We also tried the Pad Prik with seafood, but turned the spice dial down to mild. The second dish was just okay, and there was a higher proportion of rice to seafood and veggies.  We both split each meal and had enough to split a second smaller meal the next day.Service was fast and friendly.  I would not mind going back to try a meat dish or their dinner menu.
5	This place is a gem! Unfortunately, I had to go by myself. During *lunch* with a LS deal for $40! Dangerous! Their prices were so reasonable that I had to buy 3 huge dishes with special ingredients to up the price. First I had the Penang Curry, and that was lovely. Then I asked the sushiya what roll I should get. He asked all the right questions and I came away with (I think it was called...) the Fire Cracker roll, which was...WOW. A feast for the eyes and a party in the mouth. I finished it off with Pad Ma Moung with flounder. Highly recommended! The servers are also very sweet and attentive.
4	Only had a take out. Shrimp dish and scallops dish.  Shared for two people.  Rice was very good and so were the two entree's.  I would try again.  I live in SC.
4	OK so my mother-out-of-law is a Thai nut... as a matter of fact the first time i ever ate Thai was with her in California the first time I met her... she knows good Thai and she loves this place and I continue to not be disapointed when dining there since she made this declaration.  The wine list is adequate, the service is acceptably attentive and the Thai dishes and the specials (which encompass all) are thoughtful and well prepared.  Tonight had the scallop green curry and though they were out of aubergine was still spicy and wonderful.  Tuna starter special was great as well with the perfect amount of seaweed salad.  Not really sure how to say one Thia is above another because I have limited expertise, but this place works like a charm for us!
5	Used to think Thai Taste was as good as it gets in Charlotte, then it was Basil's. For the price point, Deejai Thai is the best in Charlotte. Basil's is great but not your average night out pricewise. Amazing Thai food, ambiance is not pretty good. Wine list could use some help but they let you BYOB and charge a small corkage fee.
4	Great authentic Thai food. I had the garlic eggplant and it was delicious I definitely recommend it. Also had the Thai iced tea and it was also good. Only complaint is the veggies on the pad see we could have been cooked more it was a bit on the raw side for me.
2	Thai Lite (Charlotte style) - I should have paid attention to the reviews by Donna D from Hi and Paul S from Chicago, those who mistake this for five stars Thai really don't know better. We had lunch here twice. The first time I thought the soup were really quite good. We ordered  Crispy basil duck and a lunch special which was nothing special. The duck dish was tasty but I was disappointed it was made of shredded duck meat reconstituted into a largish ball. I gladly paid the dinner price ($19) to order what I wanted, but I expected better. This domestic obsession with "boneless" dishes is really annoying the foodie in me. The second time we were served what I'm pretty sure was a Japanese soups: rice chicken. Not a bad chicken soup but that's NOT what I go to a Thai restaurant for. We had the Panang curry, which was OK but not rich in flavor, not close. I'd label it as sweet and mild sauce over tasteless shreds of pork. The other dish was Pad Ma Muang/Cashew Delight which they claim to be stir-fry in a *sweet & chili sauce*. It was NOTHING of the sort, instead it tasted of soy with strong dash of "liquid smoke". The thing is I've OD on freaking Teriyaki and grew to hate it many, many moons ago.I didn't send it back only because it was lunch time and besides it's not my job to teach them difference between Japanese and Thai cuisine. Those two do not "fuse", they are so dissimilar as to be contradictory cuisines. I haven't found a really good Thai restaurant around here, and I lost faith I will.
4	I went to Deejai Thai for dinner yesterday and really enjoyed it. I decided to go with the Lemongrass chicken and it was spicy but mouthwatering. I opted for noodles rather than rice and it wasn't a problem. The dinner portion was a great size for $12.99, and it would be enough for leftovers (though I'll admit I ate the entire thing). I also tried a bite of the Pad Prik which was slightly less spicy but very flavorful as well. I loved all of the veggies in both dishes- they were plentiful but light at the same time. We started with spring rolls and basil rolls- both were tasty- but I don't think I am as big of a fan of basil rolls as some of the other folks here though as I could have gone without them. The atmosphere is nice & clean, and the service was good as well. I will definitely be back to try some of their other dishes. Great prices and delicious food!
4	They have a great menu - one of the most expansive of all the Thai restaurants in Charlotte.   For example, where else can you find steamed flounder in a yellow curry, or fried salmon curry.  My favorite is the Soft Shell Crab in a Panang Curry which I had last night.Be warned though that service can be slow for dinner.  Lunch is no problem.
4	My Man said: "I think we found a new spot for us." He loved it. I had the Pad Thai with chicken... Wait... let me start from the beginning. I had a $40 groupon and was taking my Man out for the Dave Chapelle show later in the evening. For the appetizer we had the Larb. It was really good and pretty filling; so you can imagine when the entrees rolled around; we were getting to the "stuffed" stage. Larb: The mint and the freshness of the raw cabbage really brought out the flavor of the turkey and other spices. Pad Thai: It was a little sweet for my taste. Now this is the first time I'm having this dish (and I love me some curry) but decided to try this staple and it was aight. I think I'll stick with the curries. Now my man had the winning dish out of the two: Pad See U. It's funny when you eat with someone and they order what you should have had. I wish we could have switched dishes at that point. It was really filling and had that salt element that was missing from my dish. Of course he wasn't willing to give this up; but he left it at my house when he came in... so let's just say it was immediately gobbled up the next day. HAHA!Dessert reminded me of Chilis Chocolate Molten Cake; and it topped the meal off.... I have a sweet tooth. All in all... it was a delicious meal. Service was definitely on point. I would say we had at least 5 different people either checking on us, bringing our food and refilling our waters. Interesting....Oh! AND one of the waitresses was nice enough to move us (without me even saying anything) when we were originally sitting next to a large family with a baby. I like babies; but we were mad close to them... I didn't want a side of baby with my food and I wanted a more intimate setting... The booth definitely served this purpose.
3	I'm torn.  The food was really good, the service was lousy.  Had lunch there with a friend, and the place was full of business types (like us) on their lunch hour.  While all around us were served, we waited, and waited and waited.  We were never asked if we wanted to order anything to drink, although a server plied us with water.  After 30 minutes, and after all the tables around us, who came in after we did, had gotten their food, we had to flag down a server and ask where our food was.  His response, "They're working on it."  No apology, nothing.  And once the food came, no "How is your food, can we get you anything else?"  Nothing.  Plus, we had ordered lunch specials, which I would assume are prepped and ready to go, precisely because so much of the mid-week lunch crowd is pressed for time.
4	Had a great dinner here! I got the shrimp and avacado salad which was fresh, flavorful and light. Others at the table got the chicken pad thai, scallops and a beef dish, and everyone seemed quite happy. My only complaint was our entrees came out before the appetizer sushi. We were told that there was only one sushi chef working, but we shouldn't have been charged in my opinion.Great food though, will definitely go back!
4	Gotta love Thai food. Went to Deejai a few months back with the wife. It was our first time and we enjoyed it. Back in VA, my parents are big fans of Thai food so needless to say we kind of overdid it. But once the Thai craving presented itself we had to give Deejai a shot. The atmosphere is nice and I recall it being pretty crowded on that random weeknight that we went. The service was very warm and attentive too. There wasn't a wait, but it was very lively on that particular weeknight, but the service was still great.Now onto the food. one word: delicious. I had the Tom Yum soup, we split some spring rolls, and my entree was the Pad Takrai, a delicious, spicy beef dish. I love spicy and it was terrific. You have to give Deejai a shot if you're a fan of Thai food. They have sushi too, but I didn't try it so I can't comment. But it's really good food and great prices and attentive service. A+
4	I always forget Deejai Thai exists because it's tucked away next to the Manor, but it popped up on my radar screen one Wednesday night, and away we went.  I like going to Deejai a little bit later on a weeknight because parking is easier in the strip mall lot, and when it's full, it feels full.  Honestly, the crowd usually makes it or breaks it for me.  The night we went most recently, it was about half full and felt energetic, and I didn't feel like I needed to scoot my chair all the way in til it hit my spleen to get some room.  However, I do love that it's dark and romantic... because then I don't have to wear makeup.The service was prompt as usual, and I got the chicken pad thai ($12.99) while the fella got beef pad see u ($12.99).  Since it was a Wednesday night, one of their bottles of wine was half off, so we got that, too!  I was in the Clean Plate Club after about 20 minutes of inhaling my dinner, and the fella said his was good but mine was better.I really need to do a better job of remembering that Deejai is out there.  Now if only I could figure out how to pronounce it...
5	Ordered take out from here recently. When I got there I was handed a bag that was tied at the top. I paid and went home. When I got home I found there was no rice to go with my panang curry. Without rice, panang curry to me is really expensive soup.So I called back and after a little back and forth they had someone drive some rice to my house.They did the right thing and the food was delicious. So nice to have a restaurant that cares about their customers in the neighborhood and that happens to make really really good thai food.I will definitely be back!
1	This place came highly recommended and the reviews seemed great. So I was glad when I saw a coupon for $40 worth of food for $20. (I should have known better)Wow, I didn't know that you could ruin Pad-Thai that badly. I should have known the place not going to be good when I ordered Jasmine Tea and he brought me a cup of hot water and a tea chest. I should have gotten up and left. At least I would have had a decent meal instead of the travesty that they gave us.My wife and I love Asian food. But to me this place doesn't even qualify as Thai. It's more like a fusion restaurant that tries to do much at once and does it all badly.The place is too loud, too cramped and the waiters need to take comprehension lessons. We asked for the Sushi special a Tsunami roll, we got the Samurai roll instead.The Pad Thai tasted like it was made by a kid that worked at Nothing but Noodles. I mean," Come on, this is the supposed to be the signature dish of Thailand." It's supposed to be full and flavorful tasting. It's not even supposed to look like pink, limp noodles that have been over cooked. ( The HORROR!)If you like traditional Thai food run the other direction. If you have never tried Thai or like typical mall food Asian fare then this place is for you because you don't know any better.What a waste if an evening!ddc
2	Very hard to reach by phone to place a to go order.  When I arrived, you could not even get in the door, because people waiting for to go orders were standing there blocking the entrance (and the stairway to the bathroom), and the cashier could not be bothered to ask them to move a few steps to the empty bar area.The dumpling were falling apart, completely undercooked, and a total waste of $7.99 (for 4 very small ones).  The spring rolls were extremely greasy, and contained nothing but cabbage (and a lot of oil).  The red curry was fairly good, but the meat was tough and overcooked.
4	The Tom kha gai soup was good.Really liked the pad thai with tofu. Big portion. The peanut sauce was good!
1	My wife, 16 month old and I dined in on 11/3/2013. All 3 of us got bad food poisioning within a day. The little one started throwing up in about 4 hrs. Food was tasty but the service was not good. I will never go here again.
5	I ate here with my wife and kids recently.  We started with the curry dumplings (forget the name) and spicy crab roll.  The dumplings were cooked perfectly and taste great with the curry.  Crab roll was good too, pretty straight forward.I had green curry shrimp.  It's hard for me to not order the green curry here because I love the flavor.  It's a perfect combination of spice, lime leaf, and a hint of coconut.  Love it.  My wife had the drunken noodle dish with beef.  Very good dish, spicey but also had sweet pineapple.  We both tried a couple of different wines with our meals that were perfect matches.The kids had pad thai and chicken satay.  Perfect meal for the kids.I've been going to this restaurant for a long time and it has always been great!
5	I tried their Sushimi Salad last night. Wow!... very good.  Lettuce, sashimi, jalalenos, peppers.  It was light, healthy, and tasted great.  I like their Spider Roll as well.  I think the pad thai here is awesome too.  My friend had the Duck Curry.  It was a duck breast crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  Tasted great with the curry.Great place...I'll be back!
3	Let me start off by saying that the food here was very good and if I just had to judge them by food I would give them 4 or maybe even 5 stars. We ordered the green curry with scallops and eggplant, the Pad Prik and the basil rolls. Everything was delicious! The green curry was mild yet full of flavor. I think they have at least three different kinds of green curries, but the scallops one was good, especially the eggplant part. Usually eggplant (if not cooked all the way) makes my tongue itch and I've heard it happens to a bunch of people, but theirs was very well made and I felt nothing but bliss on my tongue. Careful with the Pad prik though, it can get spicy. If you are not very good with spicy, you might want to ask them for a spice level 2 (default is 3), but I would never make the mistake of making it 4 or more unless you KNOW you and your insides can handle it. The basil rolls were really good as well. All the flavors melded well and the sauce was not too peanutty. Someone else from our party had the mango pudding with rice for dessert and were really happy with it. They said the mango had a very nice flavor. The ambience was nice as well.My only problem was that these guys don't have a baby changing station despite having a big bathroom. We had a four month old baby with us who needed to be changed so I accompanied her momma to help out and was very surprised to not see a baby changing station. The bathroom was big enough to fit one in, but nope. We had to lay the baby down on the floor (of course we put a changing mat under her) and it was just weird for her mommy and I to be squatting down by the toilet, trying to change her up while she kept wriggling around and flailing her hands off the mat on the bathroom floor. Normally I wouldn't strike down the stars to three for not having a changing station, but last night's experience with a baby and us on the bathroom floor was just not a nice experience at all. Also, the server took forever to bring our checks. We were just sitting there for 10-15 minutes after we finished out dinner and the plates were cleared, just waiting for the server to bring us our checks. I'm not sure I would go here with a family again, but for date night it might be good.
4	I met a co-worker at Deejai Thai for lunch on the way to a meeting.  We met at noon and were seated right away.    We both decided to order Penang Curry w/Chicken. The service was super-fast and the food was very good.   I would definitely eat here again.
1	Pros:-The food tastes good... tastes.Cons:-I always feel terrible the next day. No matter what I order. This is not something that happens to me at any other decent Thai or Sushi restaurant.-Sort of expensive for what I feel I am getting.-Service has never been good. I have been there four times and every time my food has come out incorrectly (I am not picky, I order straight from the menu, nothing weird). One time my friend and I ordered the same thing, and mine took 20 minutes longer to come out, and even then was wrong! How hard is it to get red curry with chicken?Go/No-Go:I will not be returning. If you want good Thai food, drive a few minutes over to Thai Taste; if you want good Sushi go to Ru Sans or one of the many other restaurants in the area.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte!  They never disappoint and there is something for everyone on the menu.  Pad Prik is my favorite entree.  They can adjust the spiciness of any dish to your liking. I definitely recommend this place, especially for a date!
1	An incredibly disappointing meal. Pad Khing with beef had absolutely no ginger (or flavor in general) and had the taste and consistency of microwaved lean cuisine. The only flavor to the Prik Pao with chicken was the red pepper/chili oil, which, to its credit, made it slightly more palatable than the Pad Khing. The vegetables on both dishes were soggy and flavorless. Likewise, the fresh rolls tasted like they were rolled the day before, with wilted lettuce and a rubbery wrapper.We ordered relatively simple dishes. The food we received suggests that the quality of the ingredients and the skill of the cooks are both woefully lacking.
4	I tried the sushi this time, which are pretty good. From the taste to the whole plate set up. The servers are very nice, but I think they need a couple more server on the floor. I would like to go back to tried the Thai section...
5	I went to Deejai for the first time and loved it! I had the Papayan Salad and the Basil Chicken, both awesome flavor, incredibly fresh and delicious. Definitely my go to for Thai food!!
4	Ambiance and decor is amazing as well as the food\!! prices are reasonable. Great place for a  first date small group dinner.
5	Deejai is one of the few things I crave, but once you've had the Pad Pak Ruam/Vegetable Lovers, you'll understand why. I always think I'll be able to save some to take home and end up eating the whole thing. Yum, 5 stars!
1	Food took over an hour to come out. Wasn't only our table everyone around us had the same issue. Food just takes way too long to come out not worth coming here avoid
4	Overall Rating: 3.75 stars...Rounded up tp 4.Another first time place checked off my list! Came here on a Sunday eve and was the first custoner ofvthe nite. A very sweet  Thai server greeted me and let me sit anywhere I wanted.Since it was my first time here, I asked her to go over the menu and make some recommendations, which she happily did.First recommendation was the Beef Satay app. She said she preferred the beef because of a special marinade they use. My GOD were they ever good. Super tender and flavorful with that unctuous peanut sauce. Great beginning!Here's where I totally go overboard! I ordered 3 entrees because I just work that way. Besides I need to get a good representation of what this place is all about.I always get the house special fried rice so I ordered their curry rice with beef at a 3 out of 5 heat scale. It was excellent! Great flavors and to me the perfect heat.Because Pat my waitress recommended the Pad Thai that's what I went with. Got it with sgrimp and chicken. To me this was not the best I've ever had. While it had the sweet heat going on, for some reason the shrimp imparted a slight fishy flavor to the noodles. Hummmmm, still trying to understand this dish. The pad Thai at Thai Taste to me was much better.Finally I ordered their Massaman curry w chicken. Ok so I'm not a carrot lover. I know....weirdo for an alleged Foodie. But this dish was like half carrot! After moving them off my plate (for safety reasons) I attacked the dish. The good: very tasty. Coconut milk and curry....whats not to like? But the bad: chicken was somewhat dry and there just wasn't that much sauce.Overall a solid Thai meal! Very friendly and attentive staff. I was hoping for stellar but got good. I guess that's ok.
3	I've definitely had worse, and I've definitely had better. I ordered the Pad Thai, he ordered the Pad See U... everything was good, and my server was very helpful when my two-star Pad Thai turned out to be MUCH hotter than I was anticipating. Despite the swanky decor and fairly good reviews, I just wasn't blown away by the food. I'll stick with the more casual places like Lang Van or Saigon Palace in the future.
4	Darn they're closed today:(( Guess 3 days after July 4th is still a holiday..........,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
4	Went here for dinner with a group of ladies.  Love the expansive windows in this place.  Nice wine selection available, and our drink orders were taken quickly.Being a vegetarian typically makes ordering easy for me at most restaurants.  Not here!  The choices were nearly infinite.  I asked our server to take orders at the opposite end of our table while I struggled to make my decision.  When my friends had finished ordering, the server completely forgot to ask me what I wanted.   My indecisiveness almost cost me a good meal!  I called her back, and we all had a good laugh.I got the spicy lemongrass because my friend Jeff had it before and loved it.  I somehow overlooked the fact that it features green beans, which I don't care for, but there weren't that many.  It also came with onions,  bell pepper, Thai chili and basil.  I requested tofu as the meat.  It was served a "3" which is Thai spicy.  It was delicious, but I still needed to add hot sauce.  I love to give my tongue a good slapping!Great experience.  This is a repeater!
5	My first time here! Loved it. Will definitely come back :) Also loved that they had a deal on groupon
3	This place was our regular spot when it first opened. The food was consistently great. We had the larb, ginger herb chicken and the sea bass tonight. The food was good. The larb was great but I expected more from a $32 sea bass! This visit was a letdown.
4	One of the best pad thai in town! Their sushi selection and other entrees are also just as delicious. A little pricey and very busy and crowded in the evening, but it definitely is one of my more favorite Thai restaurants in the Queen City!
5	We love Deejai!!!  We go there a couple of times a month.  One of my favorite dishes is Vegetable Lovers and add Chicken and ask for Pad Prik sauce with it.   It has great vegetables like broccoli, snow peas, baby corn, zucchini, and cabbage.  Their food ranges from a 1 which is not spicy and all the way to a 5 which is extremely spicy.  We always order our food at a 3 which can be very spicy.  Loved their brown rice with our meals.  My children love the Panther Roll (sushi).  Also love the Pad Prik dish and Pad Thai.  It has great food.
4	Went here on a Saturday night and we got seated immediately in a booth. Fantastic as some places require long wait times for drop ins. Great menu as it had something for everyone's preferences. In fact, the dishes could be swapped out fairly easily for meat or tofu. I got the tofu curry and the tofu was VERY well cooked. Perfect taste and texture. The dish was 3 out 5 spice level, but that wasn't too spicy.
4	Awesome atmosphere, friendly staff.  Only reason I didnt give 5 stars is because the pad kaprow only had ground beef and not beef strips.  But that's more of a personal issue I suppose.
5	First time dining here, have passed by it many times. The food was excellent. I ordered the Druken Noodles w/beef..spice level 3, was just right for me. The staff and atmosphere was great too...will definitely  go back and try more options on the menu.
3	I've been wanting to try them after reading good reviews and needing to try as many Thai restaurants in my vicinity as possible!  :) I finally made it there tonight and the overall experience was just okay.  I tried the Pad Prik with pork and while it was spicy, it was otherwise bland. My girlfriend had the Thai fried rice and it was really good. The service was awful.  Our server seemed rushed when she did make it to the table and no, they weren't that busy.
5	Always thought it was an Indian restaurant for some reason. Excellent spot. Great ambiance. Fresh sushi. Great Thai. Check it out.
5	I moved here from San Francisco and San Diego (homes of great Thai food) and this is by far the best Thai restaurant we found in Charlotte. It's just as good as my favorites there. We have yet to eat inside the restaurant - we order takeout. The Pan ang Curry is just as delicious as my favorite Thai restaurant in San Diego. Also, the Pad Thai is delicious.
5	It's between Deejai and Basil for the best Thai in Charlotte.  I love this place.  It has a nice decor which is tough to find at Thai restaurants.  I really appreciated the variety that the menu offers.  For example, being able to get some of the better sushi in Charlotte while at a Thai restaurant really allows you to get a good mix of flavors in one meal.   The prices are probably a buck or two higher per dish than most Thai restaurants and it's totally worth that modest premium.  I expect I will continue to come back here.
5	Top two best Thai restaurants in Charlotte, along with Basil Thai. Quaint little restaurant inside with not a lot of tables but you can usually get in without too much of a wait. My wife and I have tried a bunch of different dishes but the one I keep going back to is Pad Prik. It's got great flavor and just the right amount of spice. We've also tried some of the sushi and fish specials, most of which have been very good. Would highly recommend Deejai for anyone looking for top notch Thai food or a great date night.
5	The sushi and thai dishes here are amazing.  I love to get a curry dish with a request that it be a level 3 spicy, which is the spiciest.  The sushi here is amazing, as well.  I would definitely make a reservation on the weekends if you can.  There is usually a Groupon offer - $22 for $40 but they are currently sold out of those so that was a disappointment.  My boyfriend and I consider this "our place" because we went nuts here one night and everything was absolutely amazing!
5	I had this place bookmarked for a while and finally today we came to try it! It's totally worth the drive because the food is amazing! I would say it is the best thai food in Charlotte! I had a thai tea, it comes in a mason mug,it has a slightly herb like ltaste but it's still good, not overly sweet like other places. They also have sushi here, my bf ordered a shrimp tempura roll, it's pretty good. We ordered panang curry,green curry and pad thai for our entrees. While waiting we were served a bowl of heartwarming chicken rice soup and some fried wontons. The lunch portion is huge! The pad thai is excellent ! Right amount of sweetness and taste just the way I like it ! Both the curries taste wonderful, the green curry is a little bit spicier than the panang,I would say our curries are about mild-medium spicy and I'm pretty sure you can ask them to adjust the spicy level.The service is ok, our servers didn't really talk much, though he did remembered everything we ordered and special instructions like I don't want bean sprouts, and he's there when we need something. We really enjoyed our meal here! Thank you Deejai thai and thank you Yelpers for recommending this place, I haven't had really authentic and good thai food in a while.
4	The food at Deejai Thai is fantastic. Easily the best miso I have had in Charlotte. The vegetables are cooked just right. The sauces they use are great in flavor and consistency. Even the tofu is cooked perfectly, which you don't see too often. Deejai will definitely satisfy your craving for delicious Thai food. Also, they do feature a good selection of beers, wines, and sake.It's nice and cozy on the inside. Though the dinning area is pretty small and so is the bar. It has an atmosphere for romance however you'll find you self to close to other dinners to really get an intimate feeling. The place is usually packed for dinner and rightfully so.It is far from the most affordable Thai in town so I wouldn't recommend using if for take out unless you have a lot of money. It is a good place for close friends, family, and lovers.
4	Found this on Yelp and very happy we tried it. The shrimp tempura sushi was delicious. The crab rangoons were the best we've had.
