5	Loved it!! We came in on the Grand Opening and we had such a nice time! The cocktails were great and we definitely had our share!! The decor is absolutely gorgeous and totally different from any other restaurant in Charlotte - a lot of money and attention was put into this place! All the different light fixtures were really eye catching and of course the ceiling with the whole book of The Art Of War on it- was really a nice touch!! Onto the most important part for me- the food! We first started with the below and had coursed it out so it wasn't all at once:Grilled Flat Bread w shrimp- Perfect, light and had great flavors!Bibb Lettuce- Nice and light Mushroom Gnocchi- My Favorite of the night!! Cooked perfectly!!Crispy Szechuan Pork Belly- Crispy and delicious had a nice little crispy cabbage salad that it was served overSt. Louis Style Toasted Mushrooms- were good!! Indian Spiced Potato Pierogies- they had English Peas and Emulsion with them and they were really Tasty!! For my Entree I had the Tokyo Noodle Soup- which had Crispy Pork, a Poached Egg and Veggies in a nice Smoky Broth- Delicious!! I honestly don't remember what the other two had, I was more focused on my food!! Our Server was really nice and explained everything to us! The only bad thing I could say is that the music was a little too loud for dinner service they should hold off on putting it that loud until like 9 or later - I know i sound like an old lady but we found it difficult to hear the server or even runners when they dropped the food off- ok that's all I can think of this time I will be back soon!!
5	PHILLIPE STARCK GHOST CHAIRS only complement the modern yet welcoming decor.  Tall ceilings (with the entire Art of War hand-painted on them) and custom artwork by famed Charlotte tattoo artist Rodney Rains complement the urban feel.  There are a few seating options- low, comfy couches, traditional tables, and a long bar area with a gastropub feel.  We arrived a few minutes early for our reservation and were promptly seated.Boys enjoyed noda's ramblin on red on draft and we found a (a few) bottles off the wine list.  The cocktails looked great and we will be back to sit at the bar top for some drinks and small plates.Started off with the gnocci, chickpea salad, goat cheese, spinach dip, black bean hummus $3?! and toasted mushroom ravioli.  Chef Jamie sent out crispy szechuan pork belly with spicy cabbage and stopped by to ensure we were enjoying ourselves (we were).  Don't miss the french style gnocci or toasted mushroom ravioli.Entree-wise I opted for the Tokyo noodle soup with roasted pork, confit turkey, poached egg, veggies, and a dark smokey broth that was amazing.  I tried the 60 second prime ny strip steak- melted in my mouth good.  Niman ranch pork chop was a huge cut and perfectly prepared.  Dessert was pronounced great by those who tried it- some sort of banana cake with ice cream.  It was the end of the night so things are a little wine/food coma fuzzy.  Overall, ambiance was fun, service was great. and the food banged me in the mouth with flavor.  Innovative, delicious, and fresh.  Affordable and we will, without a doubt, be back!
5	Love this place.  I have never been in a restaurant so lovely in my life. The concept of the interior design is amazing.  A mix of a high end NYC spot, a nice nightclub, and a quirky modern eatery.  I couldn't stop staring at the decor,and don't miss the ceiling if you go here.....coolest thing ever.  Food:  we loved it.  Their lamb burger is the best burger we have ever tried....and the special secret sauce for the fries is the bomb. The grouper entree was tasty and very filling, and the caviar was an amazing touch.  We tried the cold asparagus appetizer and enjoyed it, as well as the shrimp flatbread appetizer, which we liked slightly better.  The Jeff Gordon wines were awesome as well.  We will be back!
3	First let me say the food at 5Church was great. We tried the hummus appetizer and the pork belly appetizer, and they were both very tasty. The salmon and chicken entrees were also very delicious. However, the atmosphere wasn't really my style. We're in our mid-30s, and most of the diners were in their early 20s; the girls were decked out in 5 inch stilletos and micro minis and the guys were in suits. The decor is very modern, and the music felt like house music with some serious bass. As much as I loved the food, I felt really old! Looks like it's definitely a great new hotspot in uptown... I may just need to stick to lunch.
4	I'm pretty pleased with this place so far. The lamb burger is great. Juicy, flavorful, not too rich and not dried out.On the other hand, the giant fry logs that come with it aren't very good. While they look cool they lack flavor and are tough. I also ordered the chickpea salad and tried some of the lobster mac and cheese and I wasn't blown away by either.Still the lamb burger is excellent and I'm excited to try the other menus. The crew seems like they have their stuff together which is impressive for a restaurant open less than 2 weeks.
5	I visited this restaurant on opening night so I was prepared for potentially sub par service and slip ups. Not the case! Our waitress was extremely knowledgeable about all the menu items as well as the restaurant overall and continually checked on us to make sure all was well.The food at 5Church also exceeded expectations. The lamb burger was incredibly juicy and flavorful with a hint of maybe Indian or Mediterranean flavors and the gnocchi (a small plate appetizer item) was so rich and creamy - without a doubt the best I've ever had. Menu items in general seem to be well-executed dishes with a twist. The ambiance is modern and trendy. A great spot for a special occasion. The bottom floor has tables, a bar area and a large shared high top table seating. The upstairs loft area has lounge areas and an additional bar for the late night crowd.
5	Wow, the food, fantastic, the decor, fantastic, the service fantastic.  Took my girlfriend here for her birthday last night and I was excited to see the new place.  This location has struggled with different owners and companies in and out.  I don't think that will be a problem from now on.  I had the Coco Loco Duck Mole and it was the best duck I've ever tasted.  Duck can sometimes be a bit over done but not this time.  Perfectly cooked!  We started the dinner off with the shrimp flat bread appetizer and even though I didn't think it was taking long to come out from the kitchen, apparently the chef did and brought out a complimentary plate of black bean hummus for us.  Nice touch if I do say so!The decor, like others have commented is super trendy, sexy and cool.  I asked what all the writing on the ceiling was and was told it was the entire book Art of War.  Amazing.  The padded leather sofas are ultra comfy and I could see myself coming here just to hang and have a drink.  Speaking of drinks, they have a fantastic bar area too and the drink selection seems decent.One final note, my girlfriend checked in to Four Square and mentioned it was her birthday.  I guess the hostess saw that and they brought out a special dessert for her.  Now THAT is service!
5	The newest coolest joint in town! From the minute you step in to the restaurant, it's as if you've been transported out of Charlotte.. 5Church is comparable to any happening restaurant in a big city like New York or San Fran! Everything from the ambiance (take a look at the ceiling when you're there) to the service to the food was phenomenal. 5Church has the right amount of classiness without being pretentious. It is a tad bit pricey, but the food is well worth it. Don't miss out on the pork belly for appetizers and the lamb burger for the main course. Their cocktail list is impressive; if you're craving something sweet and refreshing try '5 church' it's a lychee based vodka drink. Their complimentary Gorgonzola bread is so amazing, I would go back just for that!  I think I have a new favorite restaurant :)
5	I love it here! 1) The place is sooo beautiful! You can tell there was a lot of love, sweat and care put into the design of the space, just look up. There's no other environment like it in Charlotte. 2) The service staff is great. I was greeted pleasantly by the hostess up front as I walked in the door. My server was friendly and on point all night. Justin was amazing and funny! The bar service was also fast (which means a lot to me, haha) and we didn't wait long for food. I really enjoyed the chickpea salad and black bean hummus. 3) I love that there's a late night menu, so that I don't have to resort to going to a bar or a diner if I want to eat a meal at midnight. I can't wait for them to open for lunch! Seriously, you need to go into 5Church or you will miss out on something great. I am so excited for Charlotte to have a beautiful and refreshing restaurant as such. As one of the few, an actual Charlotte native, it make me proud to see such a great establishment right in the heart of my city. 5Church is here to stay people, the second you walk in the door you will see.
5	Had some drinks and appetizers at the bar- really enjoyed ourselves! Customer service was fab- great suggestions from the staff as far as what to order and held nice conversation. Nice decor inside as well. looking forward to going back and having dinner soon!
4	I came here for lunch with my mom on a Wednesday.  We were immediately seated.  The atmosphere is very cool and a definite conversation starter.  I may have felt some slight judgment when we asked for the wine list, but oh well, it was my day off!My glass of chenin blanc (a new to me variety) was so delicious, I could have had a second glass!  We split the romaine salad with ceaser dressing, anchovies and olives.  This is THE BEST take on a ceaser salad I have ever had. Salty, lemony, so many elements that I love! We also shared the lamb burger which, I have to say while it's smaller than the Liberty's, I think it wins in the taste test contest.  Bursting with flavor in every bite.  I could have eaten the entire thing!  I can't wait to try 5Church for dinner.  A GREAT new addition to downtown.
4	Probably one of the better "changes" for uptown dining.  Food was great, service was even better... and this place can get pretty hoppin' after with the after work crowd.  I'm not sure how it is on weekends, but with the decor and the swanky finishes, this place should be a go-to place.  Already trying to put together my next trip here - to try more of their menu that has some pretty quirky and original stuff from the kitchen.
5	My sister and I traveled to Charlotte to attend to some family business. Make no mistake, what we were doing was work. But we made time for meals and the occasional cocktail or three. We Yelped, of course, and found 5Church. Damn were we lucky to have stumbled onto this gem. It's located just off the Tryon commercial strip that offers a number of upscale chain restaurants. Not what we were looking for, nor were they serving, to our good fortune.5Church was serving their all day Sunday brunch menu. We sat at corner of the bar where they served the full menu- a limited selection, but with a number of interesting possibilities. I opted for the hanger steak and fries, which came with their own C-1 sauce. It was delicious. The beef was perfectly seasoned and seared. The sauce should be bottled.Bob, the burly bearded bartender, asked for our drink order. I asked for a margarita with whatever tequila he recommended. Bob asked if I wanted the best margarita I'd ever had. He did not disappoint. He muddled fresh limes and oranges, covered them with ice and simple syrup. Then he added a good measure of (wait for it) Cuervo Gold. Cocktail shaken. Glass rim salted. Drink decanted, fruit and all. Fantastic.We returned Monday night to our same seats and met Evan, a young mixologist on a mission. After Goose martinis, we extolled Bob's awesome margarita. Evan took that as a challenge and produced a signature cocktail he was perfecting, The Peppadew Pepper Lemonade. Muddled lemons, vodka, Peppedew pepper juice, cayenne pepper. Shake to a froth. Top off with a splash of ginger ale. Garnish with the pepper. Sweet, tart, spicy, refreshing. Delicious.The food was as good as on Sunday. We went back two more times in the four days we were in town. We had a lamb burger (me, awesome) and crispy beet sliders (she). I'm not a fan of beets, but the sister loved these fantastic bites. Met the owners who told use they'd been open for just 6 weeks. 5Church should break the curse of other establishments that had failed at the corner of 5th and Church. I'm looking forward to returning as soon as I can find a reason.
3	The decor was lovely...drinks were fab. Wasn't particularly crazy about the menu. Had been hearing such wonderful things, but was slightly disappointed. I love fancy food, but  just didn't find anything small that sounded appetizing and didn't have pork or an expensive price tag that I felt was worth it. I did try the lobster mac and cheese, which was quite tasty! The service was great though. Nice spot for friends to hang out or a date. But I would stick to drinks only. Just my opinion :)
5	Had lunch here a couple days ago.  Excellent atmosphere, comfortable.  Casual service in an upscale surrounding.  I had the beet slides, great meal, good size for a lunch.  They served pickled vegetables on the side, very good.  Prices appeared reasonable.  Lunch partners had a crab cake sandwich and lamb burger, both looked good.
4	I honestly didn't know what to think about this place when I first arrived, but the hostesses instantly put me at ease with their smiles and friendly attitudes. Our group was seated and proceeded to experience one of the best meals I've had in a while. From the exemplary service to the DEEE-licious food at the great value (bacon pizza for four A+, flat bread A+, and lamb burger A++!!) I can't complain about a single thing at 5Church and I will be back again if I am ever fortunate enough to revisit Charlotte!
5	Finally made it in for dinner! We've been jonesin' to try this place after hearing about it from friends and other Yelpers. It was slammin' on a Wednesday night around 8pm and the food, drink and conversation was flyin' all around. Every seat at the bar was filled, all of the high-tops, the lounge areas and pretty much every table. Definitely one of the premier places to check out. The art throughout the restaurant totally makes you think twice, buffalos and cherry blossoms, really strange lamps, incredible ornate wing-shaped lampshades over the bar and sweet mural of a $5 bill in the upstairs. The best, by far, is the steel tree near the hostess stand. It really stands out and blends well with the rest of the decor. It doesn't stop there. Check out the ceiling tiles. The ENTIRE book of the The Art of War is painted on them. Yep. I said it. You'll have to see if for yourself. So crazy. We started with the pirogies and goat cheese with spinach. Both were fantastically flavorful and perfect for a table of two. Pirogies were almost like Indian samosas with the spices inside. The dough was flaky and had a slight chew. The pea mixture on bottom was to die for. Definitely both worth getting again!Wow. 5Church still has me astounded and still trying to find the right words for the "60-Second" Steak. I can barely describe the difference in texture from rare steak to crunchy, crispy and perfectly seared bottom. Each bite was a perfect savory balance hit with the tangy, malty, barbecue-y steak sauce resting at the bottom of the plate. I don't order steak, pretty much ever, but this has stolen my steak-loving heart. Goodness gracious, it was incredible. A fantastic NY Strip. I'm still having daydreams about it. The staff hoofs it. Up the stairs and then back down. Huge trays, drinks, server books...they never stop moving. All with a smile and very knowledgeable. Can't wait to visit again! Chef Jamie and the team really have something going here. Totally chic and swanky but with a casual appeal. Bravo, gents. My hat's off to you for a fantastic evening of flavor and fun.
4	I went on a Friday night during restaurant week and tried the:1 - pork belly appetizer - delicious but tiny 2 - tofu and edamame succotash entree - pretty good but the tofu was a little bland and the sauce a bit heavy for the yummy fresh veggies 3 - banana walnut dessert - yummm, nice sea salt touch 4 - side of potatoes - not good. My dinner mate LOVED her NY strip. The bread has some sort of cheese in it - ok, but a little strange. The noise volume is OUT OF CONTROL! But matches the very cool and trendy ambiance - nicely decorated.  The service is decent - attentive but a little slow. I would recommend as a place to see and be seen uptown but not necessarily the best food I've ever had.
4	I went to 5Church for restaurant week with a group of people. I loved everything about the restaurant. The ambiance was great, my waitress was very attentive, and the food was amazing. I order the Szechuan Pork Belly, the J-1 steak and potatoes, and the rootbeer float. I also had some food that my friends ordered. I enjoyed the hummus, but I would have to say that my favorite item that night was the lamb burger and fries. The ketchup had an indian flavor to it and it was perfect for the fries. The food took awhile to come out, but everything is homemade and fresh, so I didn't mind the wait.I am definitely going back and I have recommend this restaurant to my friends and family.
4	I have been wanting to try this place since it opened, we finally got the opportunity last weekend. We decide to go as part of restaurant week. I never am sure what to expect during restaurant week. We have been to restaurants before during this time and the menu has been tweaked (small portions, very limited choices). 5church had a decent selection.  I opted for the tomato soup, hanger steak, and banana walnut cake, my wife had the Bibb salad, hanger steak, and chocolate torte.  All was good including the complimentary everything bread.  Stand outs were the medium rare hanger steak, Bibb salad and chocolate torte.  My next visit I will have to get the bison sirloin or the lamb burger.  The restaurant had a cool trendy vibe and would be nice for just a drink at the couches or bar area. The only complaint I have is the noise level, since there we just 2 of us, we were seated at the large community table that seats 18.  It happened to be in front of the bar so it was extremely loud, however I plan on going back for lunch soon.
5	Great atmosphere and the food was awesome. Restaurant week menu was definitely not a disappointment. I had the hanger steak, bib salad and chocolate torte. Everything was delicious - they do cook their meat a bit on the rarer side but it didn't bother me. The only part that was a negative was the dessert - the chocolate torte was too rich but none of the other restaurant week options jumped out to me. Overall, we will definitely be back!
4	5Church is a new restaurant in Uptown Charlotte, NC.  An amazing amount of effort went into the design of the restaurant.  It has a very contemporary decor with a hip vibe.  All colors are white, gray and black, so nothing is overpowering, yet nothing missed.  Novels coat the ceiling, which makes great conversation upon entering.  Seating is well placed with the exception of the long table near the bar.  Seating here can become crowded and somewhat uncomfortable to have a conversation.  One thing lacking was acoustics.  There really wasn't much thought given to the noise level in the design and as a result, when it becomes busy, it is very difficult to hear.  Aside from this, it is truly a beautiful place.We started with cocktails, which were quite good.  Not the best we have had, but above average.  We enjoyed the cheese plate to start, which was amazing.  There was a goat cheese, a gruyere, and a sheep's milk cheese each paired with a very well organized compote.  Here we started our pairing of wine with a pinot noir.  A crisp, light, cherry flavor that went extremely well with the cheese.  A must if you dine at 5Church.My girlfriend and I both opted for the 60 Second Steak; an interesting take on preparation.  The steak is cooked mostly on one side and the turn is for only 60 seconds.  We both ordered medium rare and when the steaks arrived, you could see all of the temperatures layered throughout the steak with the majority being your ordered temperature.  This is not a steak for those who like medium well or well.  The steak was good, but lacked a proper amount of seasoning.  This was offset by the sauce served with the steak, which was spicy and sweet, but a little too overpowering.  Still, quite good and prepared well.  We added the lobster mac and cheese, which was bursting with various molten cheese, full of the various flavors and accompanied by large pieces of lobster.  One of the best I have had.A great night out at 5Church, but I expected a bit more flavor from the steak and wished the noise level was a little less.
4	Black jeans, grey shirt, black tie and black Chucks. Sounds like something out of every hip GQ man's closet, my closet. As cool as I dress, sorry to disappoint, that is your waiter's wardrobe my friend. Super sexy and super loud. Decor is modern and cool as heck with their M16 lamps. Yep, you heard me, M16s! I couldn't read the chalk, but rumor is someone wrote the Art of War up there. I guess the M16's make sense now!Food is A-okay, a lil' pricey though. My only gripe is about the bartender (see ART of Yelp), as I have not forgotten.
4	I've now been to 5Church twice and the food, service and atmosphere have been consistent. Great food (grateful for vegetarian options!) - cordial service, fun, busy and loud atmosphere. I also appreciate the attention to detail that went into the decor. Check out the script on the ceilings...Sun Tzu's 13 chapters of the 'Art of War'.
5	Finally a restaurant worth it in Charlotte! From the food, decor to service, everything is great! I've only been there for dinner and brunch, but they have recently opened for lunch, which I cannot wait to try! Dinner has always been great, the duck and the smoked and roasted salmon are some of the best dishes! The sangria at brunch is also great, can't beat the $15 endless sangria! Definitely one of my new favorite places in Charlotte, and it takes a lot to impress me!
4	5Church lives up to the hype. When new locations open in former revolving door space you never know what to expect. 5Church is very on trend and is the type of restaurant Charlotte should be proud of. I was able to sample several things last night since I dined with a group of friends who all shared snacks and small plates. Yes, they have a section on their menu called snacks. See they are fancy smchancy but don't take themselves too seriously. Their servers are dressed fairly casually for the black and white interior and general music video set vibe. I thought the bunch of you guys were just old saying it was loud in there. But, man. I was there for a 7:15pm dinner and I was holloring like I was out at a club to my table-mates. The Food:Sampled- Bacon pizza, shrimp flatbread, backed local goat cheese and spinach, meat plate, cheese plate and the heralded lobster mac and cheese.While some of my friends disagreed I loved the borsin cheese on the shrimp flatbread but I guess it is not for everyone. The bacon pizza was solid- as was the goat cheese albeit small. This is something to know going in. The snacks menu are just that snack size, not appetizer size. The biggest disappointment was the lobster mac and cheese. At $9 for a small bowl I expected angels to sing when it passed my lips. There were noticeable pieces of lobster but they could have been more generous and the mac and cheese could have been more cheesy or strongly seasoned or something. The meat and cheese plates were thoughtful and contained some of the best prosciutto I've ever tasted.We also shared the chocolate torte and pots de creme which was cold and chai flavored. The latter felt more like a breakfast item than a sweet treat but, it may hit the spot for those that don't like to end their meals with decadence. I would love to come back and try the 60 second steak or the lamb burger. The cocktails were divine. I would come here again and often for drinks. The free valet parking is nice because parking uptown can be tricky. I do want to comment on the service. We were celebrating a birthday and mentioned that twice but we made the reservation and I guess they assumed we would want space throughout our meal. Our waitress left our water glasses empty for most of the meal and never once told our friend happy birthday or offered something special for her. It was a special night out but 5Church isn't five stars yet- but it is getting there.
4	You would never know that you're in Charlotte when you step into 5Church. The atmosphere alone is amazing. Classy, Modern, Elegant but not stuffy. In addition to the excellent local fresh food that they serve (try the roasted vegetables) but they also have a great wine selection. They also accommodated to diet restrictions and were spot on. Great place and will be coming back for sure!
5	5Church is my kind of church, I could see myself being in the congregation every Sunday.  Shrimp & grits, breakfast pizza and crabcakes with poached eggs. Yes, can I get an Amen?  Pastor Chef Jamie is kicking ass.  Of course, Sunday isn't complete without bloody marys or mimosas, bases covered.
4	5Church is a great place to meet with friends after work and have a smashing good time.  I definitely recommend for people to stop by this place for drinks and dinner after work.This is snuggled in the corner of 5th Street and Church.  Unfortunately, the address has that this place is on North Tryon.  I'm going to pull the girl card and say that I'm bad with directions and had a terrible time finding this place.  But then again...the name is5Church, so that should have told me something.  I guess I'm not the brightest crayon in the box.  Anywho, when you see this place, it looks pretty swanky cool from the outside looking in with their big glass windows so you can observe people walking outside, or just look at the cars passing by.Inside is really great as the place is decorated in a modern way.  They have nice hostesses to greet you as soon as you walk in and take you to a table.  I ended up at the table in the middle of the place where it can seat a big party, but I think they seat other people not from your party there too to fill up the room.  It was cool, but I didn't like how it was very close to the bar.  If you happen to tilt your head back drinking, you'll get to see that the ceiling is black with words written all over in white.  I thought that was a fun detail to notice.The food was pretty good, but I felt that it did take a long time for us to receive our appetizers and entree.  I had ordered the tomato soup and thought it was just delightful!  For my entree, I had the scallops with leek potatoes.  It was good, but a little too salty for me.All in all, good experience.  I'm sure I'll find myself there again sometime soon.
3	Not sure how or why this place got 4.5 stars. I feel the menu is too limited and the selections aren't diverse enough.That said, my food was good. I had the shrimp and Boursin flatbread with a side of the broccoli with garlic and red pepper flakes. My guest had the turkey sandwich, which she said was good, and fries, which were served in a bowl and were very soggy. The decor is interesting and hip (this might be a fun place for happy hour) but service seemed slow, even though there weren't many people there for lunch.I'd probably give them another shot, but they need to step up their game to compete in the very crowded Uptown CLT restaurant scene.
3	The food was a-ok, but the service was not. For the price-point (dinner entrees ranging from $16 - $34) I expected much better service and really outstanding food.  For me, this is an ok place to stop in for a couple of drinks & appetizers with friends if you are in no hurry, but for serious dining, it is not my first choice.
4	Fabulous atmosphere - very fun and funky. Food is great (chickpea salad is yummy!). Our service left a little to be desired. The waitress was a little absent-minded. Would I go again? Hell yea, but I'd look for a different server.
4	Great restaurant, but not 5-star material.Came here for lunch with coupla co-workers and I had the smoked turkey breast sandwich and friend had the beet sliders.  Turkey sandwich was nothing special, but done pretty well.  The beet sliders were disappointing, but that may due to friend asking for no goat cheese.  Beet sliders needed the cheese, I think.Service and decor is nice, but looks like it's trying too hard to be trendy or something.  Server was nice bc I think she comp'ed friend's beer on account of him becoming a dad the following day.  Nice touch.I'll come back here for dinner.dmo out.
3	With all the hype surrounding 5Church, I expected more, but sadly, I was let down. And I should preface this review by saying I am not a fan of grossly upscale restaurants with high prices. So if you're like me, then read on...if you're not, you may want to save a few minutes & read another review. ;)Dion L., Katie M., Simone M. & myself dined here on a busy Wednesday night. Dion had made us 7 PM reservations, which I was glad to say they kept that time.  First impressions: the place is pretty well laid out, with two bars - one in the front of the restaurant & I believe I saw another one in the back area. VERY loud - wouldn't advise bringing a first date here.  Also, the darker it got outside, the darker it got inside. Additionally, you had the blinding lights from traffic outside, since the majority of the restaurant is surrounded by windows.  This was a bit annoying, especially when two cop cars rolled by.  Not sure what the theme they're going for in there, but there's lots of gray/silver & fancy lighting fixtures. Waiters & waitresses are dressed down, mainly in grays & blacks. It was clean inside & they're pretty quick to clear off used plates.The menu itself is somewhat limited. I would argue to say they have more wine, beer, & liquor choices than they do food items.  Due to being on a budget, we all decided we weren't going to ball out on our meals.  While our waitress gave us all recommendations & laid out how big "first courses" & "snacks" were, she was way off base with what I decided upon.  I asked about the fresh angel hair pasta (first course at $10), to which she said it could feed two people. I was really hungry, so I ordered that, along with the crisp Szechuan pork belly with spicy cabbage (snack at $4). For the snack, the waitress said it would feed one.  Dion & Katie ordered a first course & snacks.  Simone ordered the lamb burger.We waited quite a bit for our food, which was a bit annoying since Dion was on her dinner break from work. Finally our food arrived & I was a bit disappointed.  The pasta was in a small bowl, with an even smaller portion of pasta, five cherry tomatoes, & 2 medium sized shrimp. That was not enough for two people.  The pasta tasted OK...the angel hair was heavy on the wheat taste.  The pork belly & cabbage was pretty good. The pork belly was crispy & cooked thoroughly. It indeed was only enough for one person. The girls were ok with their choices, although Simone did comment that her lamb burger seemed to be bigger when she had it there for brunch one day. While we ate, our waitress was kind of scarce, but as we were finishing up our meal, she came by quite frequently. Luckily, Dion had time to finish her meal and pay her bill. At the end of our meal, we decided this spot is better suited for drinks & a snack...not full on dining.
5	A little pricey? Sure. But the food is delicious, and the ambiance is quite unique. The Szechuan pork belly was a great starting bite, the wine list was more impressive than I was expecting, and the salmon with polenta was perfectly tender and delicious - despite the understandable skepticism about smoked and then roasted. And because I'm a huge sucker who can't say 'no' to a dessert, I packed the chocolate torte in every available remaining cranny. Painfully stuffed, but unbelievably satisfied, I almost forgot that I had work to do the next day.Next time I'm in town, this place will definitely be on my short list.
5	This place is phenomenal.  I was hesitant going in, mostly because everything else that's been at this location has faded quickly, but these guys have it down.  Went with a group of six and we were all very satisfied.Appetizers - bacon pizza, black bean hummus, pork bellies and they all went real quick.  Entrees - Three of us got the grouper and agreed it was terrific.  Salmon was good, hanger steak was a little sweet for my taste but the girl that actually ordered it loved it.Decor is awesome.  Not sure who's idea the ceiling was but that's pretty cool.  Service was absolutely spot on.  If you can get Ashley as your server do so, she didn't miss a beat.Yeah it's not cheap but it's also not a Hardees.  Definitely feel like I got what I paid for and then some.  Great atmosphere, fantastic food, hit this place up.
5	Ever eaten inside a work of modern art before?  Well this is about how it would feel.  Not only is the food spectacular New American cuisine, but the decor is splendid.  We sat a a small table for two.  The small table was made of concrete that was made to look as if it had a table cloth draped over it.  The server had to tell is to be careful because it was concrete and not cloth.  Details abound and I can say that the chicken dish and the bison steak were both great.
4	The food here is way better than you might expect from a trendy swank kind of place such as 5Chuch. First of all, the environment is really cool- but don't expect to be able to have a real conversation with the person you came with- super loud, energetic crowd. We came late on a Friday mostly for drinks and appetizers and had the bacon pizza, black bean hummus, and mushroom gnocci. The gnocci was amazing!!! Probably the best I've ever eaten, such creamy deliciousness. The bacon pizza was supposed to be thin/crispy and it missed the mark slightly but our hummus was great. Good wine. Service was as good as can be expected for a busy Friday, and we loved people watching. Very cool environment. Probably not a place I would frequent that often since I like "real" people but sometimes watching people who are trying just a bit too hard can be amusing.
5	Visiting my sister, with my wife, and we read the reviews on Yelp! and decided it looked and sounded too good to miss out on.  Pork Chops, Pork Chops, Pork Chops!  Were outstanding.  Mushroom ravioli, small plate, super delicious.  "60 Second" NY Strip Steak, was one of the best steaks we've ever tasted.  Grouper was really flaky, and moist.  Tomato soup, was tangy, and more on the bisque side, and the crouton was buttery goodness.  We sat in a really fun area, it was kind of a private small landing up the stairs.
4	5Church is a really cool spot with good food and great ambiance.I had the "Local Mixed Greens" and the "60 Seconds NY Strip Steak." The local mixed greens was a very nice starter salad with great fresh goat cheese. The 60 Second NY Strip Steak is probably the most uniquely prepared steak I have ever had. The steak is grilled to very very crispy on one side, is pink through the middle, and on the other side is left essentially not grilled (rather raw). This leads to a very unique flavor which pairs nicely with the BBQ sauce and grilled vegetables. I've honestly never had anything like it and was pleasantly surprised.Overall, this is a very cool place with a hip vibe that would be perfect for a date or night out with friends. Would highly recommend this spot!
3	Very cool ambiance at the bar. I will definitely go back for cocktails. Dinner was average, and it was dark and hard to hear.
4	Love the atmosphere, have never been dissapointed there. Food is excellent. One of my top three favorite Charlotte Uptown Restaurants.Don't forget to look up. The Art of War is hand written on the ceiling.
2	Geez, I haven't written a review in almost a year.  How bad do I suck?  I had pretty high hopes for this place.  Someone whose judgement I (used to) trust recommended it very highly.  I figured it would be at least OK, and in that I was not disappointed.  5Church would like so badly to be so very hip.  The ambiance from the moment you hit the door is a combination of black, mismatched wall decorations, and flop-sweat.  You can feel the vibe shouting at you, "YOU HAVE CHOSEN TO DINE HERE!  YOU ARE SO VERY COOL!!!!!!".  Alas, I am not.  I'm old, cranky, and get pretty annoyed when the food doesn't live up to the hype, so in retrospect the interior didn't work for me.I will say I received exemplary service.  We ate pretty early (old, remember?), so she wasn't busy, but I really did appreciate her skill at being ingratiating, warm, and efficient.  We started with a shrimp and cheese flatbread.  I guess maybe my sights were set a bit too high, but it was......fine.  Nothing special, or that I can't get elsewhere.I had the 60 second strip for entree.  The steak itself was acceptable, but again nothing that would make this a destination restaurant.   However, the roasted potatoes it came with wrecked this dish.  Roasted potatoes should be golden, crisp on the outside, fluffy and redolent of time in the oven inside.  I'm reasonably sure the ones I got saw a caramelizing torch for a minute or so.  Bonus points would have been awarded had anyone noticed I ate 1.5 of them and pushed the rest to the side.  Alas, none were given.The cordial mixed drink I had for afters was a pretty generous pour, and the bartender made sure to come check that he had made it right since it was not a common drink.Overall I left somewhat disappointed in the food.  The vibe is trying hard, the staff certainly seems invested in creating a good experience, but the food just isn't there for this to be a destination restaurant.Additionally, I left a comment for the owners through Open Table, and their response seems to have been to add me to their mailing list.  Um, guys?  I don't need more spam.
3	I read about this place on Yelp, and stopped in for lunch before my flight home from Charlotte.  It's a trendy place with very nice decor.  Carrie the bartender was super cool, and the hostess was also very helpful & friendly.I order the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich.  It was very good.  The bun was toasted, but at the same time very soft.  The chicken was cooked perfectly... inside was moist and juicy with a good batter.  It was topped with wicked pickles and aioli which had a tangy bite.Their seasonal side was green beans... disappointed.  They were simple green beans with some onions, small portion and costs $4.  Next time I will go with the black bean humus.
1	I went to 5Church on October 31, 2012 at the recommendation of the bartender at Black Finn. I, and my group totaling 8 people, were excited about going. The atmosphere was eclectic,upscale, modern and vibrant. We were a large party and were seated in a separate off the main area. We were treated warmly by the person who seated us. The restaurant was not very crowded but the service was very slow. The initial wait person apologized for wait and took our initial drink order. When our assigned waitress, Alison, came she seemed a little stressed and asked if we needed more time to look over the menu. We had already been waiting quite a while and were more than ready to place our orders. We ordered cocktails from their specialty cocktail menu and they were all terrible! We tried to explain to Alison what our issue was but she seemed not to understand and wanted to charge my wife an extra shot of tequila instead of just remaking the cocktail which would have been the appropriate thing to do. Alison became argumentative with my wife which was very unprofessional. Naturally, this interaction ruined the mood for the entire evening. The drink was eventually remade to my wife's specifications but the evening was already ruined at that point. The food finally arrived and was just "okay". I had the wasabi crusted salmon which had way too much wasabi crust and a small portion of salmon. My wife had smoked, roasted chicken which she enjoyed. My guest all enjoyed their meals. Overall, our evening way ruined by Alison's bad attitude. I would still give 5Church another try the next time we visit Charlotte.
4	finally had a chance to bring a group of coworkers here and thank god i did. 5church is clearly the coolest restaurant in charlotte (which isnt saying alot) but nevertheless a very cool interior, decent atmosphere and the  food was pretty good. i had the duck (on duck) ala mole , which i remember enjoying. drinks were strong and my group had a ton of fun. Service was on point and valet's were efficient. Strong BUY
4	Had a great experience there last night. Design and atmosphere was perfect for a special dinner. Server was exceptional. Food was great- as to be expected. However the new fall menu fell short in creativity and seasonal influence. Just my opinion though. Enjoy your dinner!
2	Went to 5Church for post-work happy hour drinks, and although I was expecting it to be crowded and noisy, we actually questioned whether they were even open as we walked in.  Grabbing a seat at the completely empty bar, we found menus and starting perusing the drinks.  The drinks were good (5Church - yum!), but service suffered.  Feeling a bit snacky, I ordered the chickpea salad, but was brought the black bean hummus.  I called the bartender over to confirm if this was my order and she said "oh, I must have keyed it in wrong," took it away, and brought me my order about 5 minutes later.  Shoulda kept he hummus, because the chickpea salad wasn't anything to write home about.  When the checks arrived, I had been charged for the hummus, which cost $1 more.  I spent about 5 minutes trying to fly down the bartender again (keep in mind, it's still emmmmmpty at this point), and when I pointed out the mistake, I was told "well, they're they same price."  After informing her that in fact they weren't, she finally changed my check, but did so begrudgingly.  All in all, 5Church is an interesting space, but seems to think it's better than it actually is.  We'll see if it sticks around longer than other establishments that have preceded that space.
3	Okay here's the thing, the food here is great and the service was also pretty top-notch.  I'm not sure what it is about Charlotte, but they are really good at splitting bills.The reason that they're only getting 3 stars and an A-OK rating is for the confusing welcome we received.6 of us walked in on a Friday at 4:55pm.  I get that it's early-bird special dinner time, but we wanted to grab some drinks and apps before starting our night.  They don't actually open until 5, but the doors were open so we just walked in.The two hostesses who greeted us informed us that they weren't open yet, but since it was so close to 5, we just stayed hovering awkwardly by their station.  We asked for a table for 6 and they inform us that there are no tables available.  Their entire restaurant is booked, but we're welcome to sit at the bar if we really want.  Well we really wanted, which seemed to put them in a quandary since they weren't REALLY booked.  Or everyone happened to cancel their 5pm reservation.  Both are equally likely I think.My friend went on Opentable and found a reservation for 5:30pm for 6 so she booked it and went back to the hostess.  At that point they "found" a table and asked if we wanted to be seated right away.We stayed for an hour or so and had some terrific drinks and apps but the restaurant remained mostly empty.  Maybe they didn't think we'd notice?As we walked out, the more extroverted of our group asked the hostess about the situation and a new guy tried explaining it as "opentable told us to not accept any more reservations."  Interesting since that's how we booked our reservation.Maybe they didn't want our jeans and sneakers wearing, massive DSLR camera toting kind, in their upscale place.  We'll never know for sure.If you made it this far into the saga, congrats!  The moral of the story is, the food is good, but if you want to have some, you best be reserving upfront.
3	A girlfriend and I met for a happy hour and dinner during the week.  We saw online it had complimentary valet but had to circle the block a few times because no valet was present.  We eventually parked in a deck and walked.  Upon arrival we asked the hostess about the valet and she said no valet is there until after 6PM.  And they do no validate any parking fee.  The hostesses could have been friendlier.  They seemed busy as a large party was arriving at their upstairs, so we sat at the bar.  The bar manager was outgoing and knowledgable of the food.  We ate the flatbread and mussels which were tasty but it took a long while to get our food.  Cocktails were good but didn't seem worth the price.  Overall, not bad but could have been better.
5	I loved this place! From the unique menu to the novel on the ceiling - this place is just fun. Hip and trendy downtown restaurant.
3	I'm part of the group that dined with Fei W. but wanted to share my experience as well. So I'm a casual resident of Charlotte, NC due to my husband living out there for his work, and a couple of my friends came down to visit for the weekend. 5church is really close to his apartment, so we stopped there for drinks and appetizerss to start our night. Like Fei mentioned, the restaurant wasn't technically open for another 5 minutes, and I made some stupid joke about how we're willing to help ourselves to the back of the bar if we needed to. Maybe that set them off, but it was pretty clear I was kidding. Anyway, they said no tables were available, but we can sit at the bar. I checked on opentable because I could not believe all 5pm reservations would be taken (Where are these people with the reservations? Are they all late? It was already 4:55pm... Where's the mad rush of people trying to get in for their reserved table?) and lo and behold, a 5:30pm reservation was available. I went back to the hostess station and told her that we actually have a table now, and wanted to let her know that we are happy to hang out at the bar until the table is ready. She barely looked at me while I was talking to her, played with her touch screen reservation system and said, rather coldly, "Are you ready now to be seated?" I told her yes, and she took us upstairs.Ok that struck me as kinda odd. Why were were all the way upstairs, when the main room was totally empty? Are we not worthy to be seen through the windows by the passerby? I will say, though, that our server was excellent and the food we ordered was amazing. We ordered hummus, quinoa tabbouleh, beet slider, foie gras ravioli, fries, and i think the chickpea salad, as well as an array of cocktails, wine, and beer. We were very happy with the food and drinks and with our server, which is why this review gets 3 stars. When we left, I went up to the hostess table and asked what was the issue with the reservation. By then, I believe the owner was there (Patrick Whalen), and he informed me that there was a glitch in opentable and they told them not to book any more tables. I can't remember if he apologized or not for the confusion, but then he made a joke about how it was actually because they didn't really want us there. I laughed (but didn't think it was funny...retribution for my bad joke?) and said "Yeah I could tell." We did tell him the food was great, but left it at that, and walked out. Bottom line, I havent decided if I'd come here again, but the food is that good to make me even consider it. If I have another experience, I'll be sure to update my review.
4	The outside already suggests 'classy,' but the inside is definitely worth mentioning. It has a really modern feel, but not too in-your-face about it.  The hostess that normally is in front slowly transitions into a bouncer as the night progresses. I haven't eaten an actual meal here, but friends have been raving about their lamb burger. Given the fact that its one of the most affordable entrees ($13) and looks amazing, this will definitely be my order when I come here for dinner! The beverages are what one would expect from a Charlotte bar, but I will also mention that they have some craft beers and local favorites (Highland Brewing, Four Friends, etc)! This fact has earned them their fourth star! Prices are a little steep for drinks, but given the environment of 5Church, not too surprising, and not at all a deal-breaker. I still very much recommend this place for a chill night out with friends. Noting my friend Grace's review: 'if you look all the way up, you'll get to see that the ceiling is black with words written all over in white.' - excellent detail!
4	Came to 5Church for a team holiday lunch and everyone walked away happy.  Some of the things ordered around the table were the lamb burger, NC shrimp flatbread, chicken sandwich, bibb salad and the mixed green salad with wine poached pears.The service was friendly although the food came out a bit slow considering things didn't seem all that busy.  They were very accommodating to a variety of menu "adjustments", even suggesting some to help one of our party come to a decision on what she wanted.I've seen the dinner menu and look forward to a return visit some evening.
4	First time at this establishment and it was for lunch. Limited but interesting menu choices.  The soup du jour, white bean and chorizo, was offered with or without the pork, great for my Jewish colleague and both options were good.  We enjoyed the beet sliders, fried chicken and lamb sandwiches.  Being a huge perfectionist of buttermilk fried chicken, 5 Church's sour marinade made me smile. The all white meat breast was surrounded by a crispy and not overly thick crunchy crust.  Wish there was a honey glaze instead of the mayo-sweet pickle relish condiment that came on the bun.  And the bun was soft with a slight chew.  My friend loved the lamb burger but stated the Gorgonzola was too overpowering, but isn't that the Big G's style?Was disappointed with our finale, but only due to larger parties ordering prior to us.  I waited fifteen minutes for a cappuccino while my party was on their second cup of great house coffee.  It was served with our dessert which all were very good. The sour cherry topping on the chocolate cake was the best.  Their gelato was the best I've tasted in CHA.  I would definitely go back and try dinner next.
5	After reading so many positive reviews for this restaurant, I had high expectations and couldn't wait to try it.  5Church did not disappoint!  I booked a table for my birthday dinner, and we loved it.  Everyone at the restaurant really made me feel special for going there to celebrate my birthday.  There was no forced "Happy Birthday" sung to an uncomfortable table.  Instead we had great dessert and excited smiles.  The menu was divine.  You won't find the same thing here you'll find everywhere else, and it's so refreshing!  The creative food combinations were not at all pretentious like you'll find at some places.  The atmosphere is fun, inviting and unique. Great for a date, party, or happy hour. Can't wait to return!
4	A few of the negative comments I've heard about this place all relate to the trout and yet for some reason I still ordered it and I coudln't agree more.  The trout is not fresh and very disappointing given that everything else was excellent.
5	I've been to 5Church both as a bar and for dinner. It is a really fun addition to uptown. Very cool decor and atmosphere. When I went as a bar the first time this summer, it was the weekend and pretty crowded. When I went more recently, it was a Thursday night and not very crowded. Some of the bar managers were sitting at the bar and treated me and my girlfriends to our first round of beers. It was a pretty fun time. I decided to go there for my birthday dinner with my parents and sister, and it definitely didn't feel like the appropriate place to dine with my parents. It was pretty loud in there and just a bit too trendy for a family dinner. However, the food was really good. My sister ordered the lamb burger and said it was delicious. My dad and I both ordered the chicken with sweet potato mash, and it was delicious. My parents both ordered the bibb lettuce salad to start. I tried some and must say it was really good but doused in dressing. I couldn't eat part of it. Overall, would definitely recommend for a weekend night out or dinner with friends or a date.
4	I went to 5Church on Saturday night with 4 others for my boyfriend's birthday dinner. The restaurant is gorgeous and swanky and fabulous, filling a spot otherwise unfilled in Charlotte. It was very crowded and only got more so as the night went on (we left at 11 when it seemed to be turning into a real bar!). Caution, ladies - the floor is VERY slippery, as in, I almost slipped in my heels a few times, so hold on to the railing (or the nearest man) and make your way to your table!The food: Ok. I had very, very high expectations. I was blown away by the pork belly and spicy cabbage - just perfect. We also tried the quinoa tabouleh, as recommended by our server, and the lobster mac n cheese. Both of these were fine, but nothing special. I had the Coco Loco duck mole, one of the chef's signature dishes, and it was...alright. Very, very rich but not spectacular. My boyfriend got the 60-second steak and loved it and another friend had the scallops and raved about them. Our waiter brought a s'mores dessert that was really good.Overall, I would come back but I have to be honest that it was a little bit disappointing. Still very good though!
4	Heard great things about this place from everyone in Charlotte, so we had to go! They have this AMAZING drink called the Bourberry which I could have had 5 of and I'm not even a bourbon drinker! Only HUGE drawback: drink is $11 a pop and doesn't even use any kind of super-premium booze, not cool. We waited about 20 minutes past what we were quoted for a table but the service was great and so was the food which I have to say was much more reasonably priced than the drinks. The decor is super fun; all black and white with damask-print wall coverings and clear plastic molded chairs. I'd go back but would really urge them to re-think their drink prices in comparison to food; great drinks will sell themselves, you don't have to jazz them up with crazy prices!
5	Our server was great. The lamb burger was great and really cannot eat lamb.  This was fantastic!  Highly recommend this place!
5	Went for lunch today and it was fabulous! Yummy food and such a neat place the atmosphere is great can't wait to go for dinner there next time!
3	My sister's birthday party was here last weekend and I had an ok time. The waiter was a little rude, but oooooonly slightly. The atmosphere and food itself was pretty good. We tried the chick pea salad and black bean hummus. The restaurant put a little card on the table for the birthday girl, which I realize is a nice thought; however, they left another card on the table for a different party (that I guess cancelled?). LOL. Their tables are a little far apart and it makes it difficult to have conversation, but it was not a huge deal. Anyway, overall it was an ok time.
2	Very just OK.  Went for restaurant week, but on a Sunday so it was not very busy.  The hostess could not have been more annoyed that we arrived and asked for our table.  The waiter was not great.  And the food was very ehhhh.  The plastic chairs were also pretty uncomfortable.All in all, I wouldn't go back unless I was going somewhere with a friend who was choosing it for their birthday dinner and I couldn't override their pick.
2	I guess I will be the voice of dissension in the following review, but to be honest my experience this evening wasn't anything to write home about.  Frankly it was quite forgettable.To set the stage, it's Restaurant Week winter 2013 and I've heard some good things about 5Church and as part of the purpose of this event, this was a great opportunity to try a new place without breaking the bank.  I went ahead and made reservations for 6:00.  I got the impression that our babysitters were going to be a bit late and I called 5Church around 12:30pm and asked to move out our reservation time by about 30 minutes.  I couldn't hear the Hostess on the other end and she couldn't hear me because of the ridiculously loud blaring music behind her.  I got the "lazy" answer of that they were packed to the gills and there was no room for me to push out the time.  Fine, it worked out and we got there 5 minutes prior to 6:00.  When we got there the 3 hostesses were pretty snotty and couldn't be bothered and asked us to wait at the bar which was fine, but I walked past a nearly empty dining room to get the the bar.  I never get the whole overstaffing of hosts / hostesses thing.  Also, these people are the first impression you get when you walk in and to have them not be welcoming and efficient is a bad start to the experience.  At 6:20 we finally got seated only when I went and bothered the ladies at the hostess stand again, saying we were ready to be seated.  We walked upstairs and we were seated right next to the kitchen (Awesome right?).  They had these slim swinging doors which were constantly being kicked open and swinging loudly revealing the mishmosh of the kitchen.  It wasn't going to work for me and I asked to be reseated.  We were sat on the other side of the upstairs bar right under a speaker blaring music and I realized this was where the hostess that I spoke to earlier must have been standing when she took my call because I couldn't hear myself think let alone carry on my usual pleasant conversation with Sweetie.  Great, I should have packed my earplugs.OK, onto the food.  I decided to forego the Restaurant Week Menu and ordered the Crispy Pork Belly and 60 Second NY Strip and Lobster Mac & Cheese.  The crispy pork belly app was tasty, I must say.  Crispy and well plated, it made for a nice culmination of flavors and it made things started turn around for me.  If I couldn't hear Sweetie because of the music at least I can enjoy the food.  The 60 second steak is awesome.  It is made in a cast iron skillet and never flipped but cooked through so that one side is cooked more but the other side is perfectly rare and cooked to temperature.  It was plated with a nice signature sauce by their chef which was both tangy and smokey....nicely done, it was the perfect compliment to the steak.  The lobster mac and cheese was disappointing and was just a saucer of mac and cheese completely void of lobster.  For $9.00 I expected more and it was a bit insulting to not have any more than a morsel of lobster.  I suggest they take a short walk to the Capital Grille to learn how that dish should be prepared.Sweetie had the wasabi encrusted salmon, which was bland and forgettable.  She expected to taste wasabi and got nothing.  Not much else to say.  Service was half and half, the waitress popped in at the right times for the most part but after dropping off the dessert menu we didn't see her for 20 minutes which was annoying since we were ready to go.  Sweetie went to the restroom came back reporting that there wasn't any soap in the dispenser which always makes you wonder how the servers are able to wash their hands.All in all, my food was OK nothing spectacular and I don't think I'll be back.
5	Went for restaurant week. Our server Kevin was awesome. The wine pairing was a perfect match for the three course meal and my boyfriend and I enjoyed every second of the meal!Black bean hummus and the pork belly appetizers were lovely.  Hangar steak was flavorful and tender. Salmon crusted with wasabi was perfectly cooked and delicious. The dessert was phenomenal - s'mores and chocolate cake. A must try!
4	Haven't been for dinner but went in with my buddy for drinks.  decor is different but I think I liked it...Drinks were awesome.  Will have to come back for food.bartender was cool, left us alone but was around when we needed him.We were def not in the hipster crowd like everyone else there
3	Have been here twice now and wanted to make sure the second experience was as consistently average as the first before I wrote my review. Sorry to say, second time was no better.I will hand it to them, the ambiance is very cool, in a hip "scene" kind of way which I don't mind on some occasions. Kind of a cross between something you would expect to find in the SoHo art district and a Vegas hotel.  Unfortunately, that's about the best I have to say... so much potential, it's almost there, c'mon CLT you can do it.Okay, food is average all around. I think everyone lets the ambiance cloud their impression of the food quality because CLT is just desperate for a hot new place, but if you were just served the food, it would be just average. The lamb burger was the best dish and everything else was just ehh... pork belly app was over cooked and chewy and other dishes were nothing to write home about. It sounds good on the menu, but each dish (aside from the lamb burger) had something off... either one ingredient was off, it wasn't cooked properly, etc.  My next problem... you would think a restaurant that put so much attention and detail into the interior would at very least give 2 seconds of thought to the wine list, but no... I am a foodie and wino and believe the best dining experiences are created when the food and wine are in harmony - wine can make or break the experience, and it is so sad to say that this place has about the worst wine list I've seen... just makes no sense, doesn't go with the food and just seems out of place, like someone wearing a hoodie over a suit.  Here's what they should do... first, design the menu, then carefully select wines that go with the dishes. It's not that hard people. Pick the right wines, train your staff on what wines to recommend with what dishes, and then people will say your food tastes better - the best dish paired with a bad wine can make the dish taste awful, but an average dish paired correctly can make it taste better.  It's like the sauce... without it something is missing.Apologies for my rant, but I find it difficult to understand how this place can get so much hype when there is so much lacking.
5	So I came to 5Church with some of my girls...it was great! We snacked on the local heirloom tomato risotto, chilled asparagus, crisp Szechuan pork belly, artisan cheese selection and the roasted mushroom gnocchi. Everything was great!!! This place is very cool, young & old mixed!...even Cam Newton was here. Check it out, great food, atmosphere and drinks... Come enjoy it as much as me & my friends have!!! Good eats!!-SK
1	Well, I have to say I was sorely disappointed! All the hype about 5Church is nothing but hype, most likely generated by their own marketing manager who also happens to be part owner, or at least that's the way it looks on their site. Some people are easily swayed I guess. My experience was that it was a garish, loud and unpleasant atmosphere. You can tell they are trying way too hard to be hip. The food was so so, my lamb burger was dry and tasteless yet greasy at the same time. This is just another bar in uptown, not a real restaurant. There are a few small locally owned places that are within a block or two that are much more appealing if you want some good food and drink without all the hype and noise. Nothing worth returning for here.
2	I know I'm definitely the oddball out when I say I'm not a fan of 5Curch, but I feel that it's better to be true on here than to sugarcoat it.I've been here a few times because people often want to try it for the hype, but I've never experienced that "wow, this is definitely a place I'm impressed by" moment. Before this place opened up and even currently, people rave about this place because there is nothing else that even comes close to it in Charlotte.  This place attempts to bring the feel of New York City's restaurants and lounges to Charlotte; however, I believe they have dramatically missed the mark because I'm still trying to figure out who they are. This place suffers from a problem that many new spots in Charlotte face... identity crisis. What is this place trying to be? Is it a bar, a lounge, a restaurant, or an eclectic night spot? Until they help to clarify this question I don't know they can be something phenomenal; however, this place will continue to be successful simply because it's located in Charlotte where there is no spots that really define greatness.But I cannot review this place without saying that the food they serve here is unbelievable (hence how they get two stars). I really wish they took this place and made food there first priority because then it would be something to talk about. With their chef coming from New York City and previously cooking under Daniel Boulud, you can definitely taste the quality and depth of each dish you take in.
2	5Church certainly has a lot of hype.  It seems to pride itself on being glamorous and chic.  In my opinion, the food puts way more emphasis on form then taste. Great example, is a scallop dish was plated incredibly fancy, but the scallops were under-cooked and the favors didn't meld well.  All in all, the dish fell flat. They did have some good small plates - think tapas - and that is the only thing that prevented it from getting one star. If you want a fancy place with bad food, this is the spot for you. If you like tasty food, I'd look somewhere else.
3	Went here twice on my trip to Charlotte. On Friday night, the boyfriend and I went to a late dinner. We immediately felt under dressed - this seems more the type of place where the uber hip go to meet. The ambiance is strange - trying a little too hard to be New York when were were looking for more authentic Charlotte.  Our server was friendly and attentive, even when he was seated with a loud eight top right after we sat down. We had the hanger steak and a trout dish - both were good but nothing to write home about. Saturday night we were joining a birthday party and knew more of what to expect. Although we had to fight hoards of men wearing bedazzled t-shirts, the drinks and the music were good.
4	We had Brunch at 5Church and was impressed with everything from walking in to leaving. The building has a nice upscale look but still a comfortable place to relax and enjoy food.The all metal tree at the door is very impressive art work. Also the art on the walls was very different in a good way. I had the Shrimp & Polenta with a Bacon and Tomatoe Gravy. The tomatoe was a bit different for this type of dish and rounded out the smokiness of the bacon perfectly. Drinks were good as was the serive. The mgr made his way around to most tables and talked to most of the customers, which is always a nice touch. Would definately recommend and visit again
4	This place is a little hard to find. Its on the corner of 5th and Church (hence the name), not on Tryon St. Super hip and stylish decor. The food was good. Visited for dinner on a Tuesday night and the place was packed. Looks like a great place to host large parties since most of the tables were packed with 10-15 people.My friend and I had the bacon pizza, shrimp flatbread, short ribs (super tender) and the bistro steak. For dessert, the s'mores trifle. Everything was really tasty. I would definitely visit again if I'm in town. PS the staff is all eye candy. Enjoy!
3	So 800 plus of my colleagues are visiting the QC for our annual Chef's conference.  An old friend and chef asks us to join her at 5 Church on a Tuesday night at 7.  I'm looking forward to catching up and trying this place for a second time, since the first was for lunch and was just okay.We were escorted to our table on time.  The waiter did some research on our friend and creepily told her where she was from, who she worked for and what she did for a living.  He up-played that she was also a chef and that he had high expectations of himself to serve her. (Is it getting smoky in here?). He then told us his work biography, like why should we be hearing this? So I asked what the specials were for the night. He left to get beverages.I really like the chairs at the tables. They do not look comfortable but they are nice.Our waiter told us about portion sizes and servings for apps, and was very knowledgable. We enjoyed the pieroghis, though the dough was a bit thick; the hummus was just that; and the pork belly sliders were tender but too much bread.  Would have been better a top of a crouton and called an open faced slider. We placed our order for entrees.My wife and our friend ordered a salad with country ham; I order duck in mole sauce.  A little slow in service but the salads are served in less than 10 minutes.  They are kindly waiting for my entree to start eating but no entree!  After 5 more minutes our server apologizes to us stating he did not fire my entree but will be right out.  A total of 20 minutes pass and they serve me.  Strangely it looks nothing like duck or any sign of mole sauce.  Of course no one to be found to ask so I tell the others to please start eating and, embarrassed, go find my server who is talking to the manager.  I tell them that they served me the wrong item and that I did not want to cause a scene in front of our friend/host, and to please just remove the entree w/o any questions.  They pleaded with me that they will have the duck served immediately with apologies.  I cave in.  Upon returning to the table my wife and friend stopped eating; my duck was served.  They said the salad tasted like some one had shaken a salt shaker over it(and both of them love country ham).  My entree was luke warm.  Manager told us that they would comp my entree.  When the bill was presented to our host, it was not taken off the bill.No desserts ordered. Spoke to the manager when leaving and gave him my business card.  Never heard a thing from him.  Would have been a nice touch inviting back for something to be hospitable.Went home for snacks.Lucky they got 3 stars.You take your chances if you go there.
3	Went into this restuarant with high hopes.  I've passed by it walking on 5th a few times and it always looks elegant and busy, so when my company offered to treat our whole office to dinner on them, I suggested 5Church.  Mandi Bane, the sales director, assisted me with coordinating it and was absolutely wonderful.  I must've sent her a dozen emails with changes and updates on our party and reservation.  We were going to be a party of 11 on a Thursday evening at 8:15 PM.  Kudos to 5Church for accepting my company's strange request of paying via check, too!  You made life so much easier on an accounting level!  We arrived feeling like rock stars and were treated as such.  We had our own area of the upstairs and each couple had their own individual table in a U-shaped which was so unique.  Brandon, our server, had all the instructions about our party and payment and he was incredible.  Attentive, knowledgeable, patient...honestly, best service EVER.  We started with drinks and one of my guests ordered 2 bottles of bubbly.  Brandon poured our glasses, we toasted, and then....warm champagne hit my palate.  Something was said and one of the managers (I'm assuming) hurriedly came out with another bottle that was slightly more chilled.  Very classy.  I ordered a beverage called the Viper, a trendy concotion of cucumber and tequila with a surprising kick of pepper.  It was unique.  Soooo....why only 3 stars?  Well, because frankly the food was terrible.  We had heard about the 60-second strip steak and ordered it medium rare which we knew would come out close to moo-ing.  We didn't know it would be served almost raw and cold.  I was expecting it to be seared on the outside (so hot) and cool on the inside.  It was served on top of mashed potatoes-also cold.  And the sauce tasted like a jazzed up version of A-1.  (My apologies to the chef, but it has to be said).  Of the four people in our party that ordered 2 sent it back and requested it be taken off the bill.  Me and my boyfriend choked it down, but was displeased with the entree after having such high hopes.  I will say that I will probaly go back for drinks and an appetizer.  We did share the meat tray and that was lovely.  I told Brandon that the proscitto was the best I had ever had. As for service and atmosphere, 5Church really shined, but the entree of the hyped up steak was a major letdown.
2	Three other work colleagues and myself visited this restaurant in October 2012.  It's in a great Uptown location, and when I initially made a reservation, I thought the menu items would appeal to both my vegetarian and meat-eating colleagues.  We waited 20 minutes at our table before the server noticed us.  We had to go to the manager and actually ask him if we had a server.  Service was very very slow.  The food was ok....but we were STARVING.  After a long day working with no food, we were ready to roll up our sleeves, raid the kitchen and throw something on the grill.  It took over an hour from when we sat down to actually get our food.  The manager did end up comping desert, and it would not have been a big deal if I were enjoying a casual night out with friends.  But, the state of my stomach demanded food pretty immediately, and 5 Church did not live up to that expectation at all.  I dont think I would go back again....
3	We had a hasty brunch here right before we made a mad dash for the airport because 5Church happened to be open and convenient.The standout for me was the bottomless sangria, naturally.  It had me at "bottomless" and me secretly wishing our flight had been booked for later in the day.  I ordered a mixed green salad and a roti potato cake - it resembled a thick cake of hash browns.  Both were decent and did the trick, but I was a bit sad that the current-at-that-time seasonal menu didn't advertise more veggie-friendly options.  From what I understood, everyone else's selections were fairly competent, although nothing was especially noteworthy.  The service was quite prompt and attentive - you know I tried to inhale as many glasses of that delicious sangria as humanly possible.  Definitely a cute little spot and was great for our large party of 12 or so . . .
3	I cannot speak to their main entrees, we came here for drinks and appetizers. We came during July 4th 2012. For fourth of July, this place is not crowded at all, which is surprising if it's supposed to be a big hit in town? I do have to commend and say that their interior decor is breath taking. Everything other reviewers have said are true. The waiter did not seem super attentive, he was just acceptable. He only came by once during our entire stay. The drinks are fairly pricey, but this is an upscale place. We tried 3 different appetizers on their dinner menu, and all three were very mediocre. I hope their cuisine entrees are better.
4	I went to 5church on a Friday night around 8.  I was pretty busy but our server arrived promptly and had a great attitude.  As many have said this place has a great trendy modern but classic feel to it.  Great for our girls night and great for a date night. For the food each one of us ordered something different so we could sample each others food- salmon, trout, flounder, jerk chicken appetizer and greens.  All were very tasty.  The Trout was my favorite and that would be my entree if i were to return.  I had the jerk chichen appetizer as my main meal because i wasnt $25 dollars worth of hungry...but though it was good the portions for the appetizers are very small.  Not big enough to share with anyone.  The "bites" on the menu dont waste you time...its really a bite..like a spoonfull of something.  Save that money an buy a drink, which were also good and had a great balance of taste and alcohol.Over all pretty good.  But bring your wallet and dont be super hungry.
5	Phenomenal.  Outstanding food and service.
4	Came back to Charlotte and happened upon 5Church again, this time for brunch around 2pm on a Saturday. The place is not nearly as banging in the daytime but the food was still fanstastic and the service was great. If you like boozy brunches, they offer a $10 all-you-can-drink sangria brunch special which was tempting...but I didn't want to be on the floor the rest of the day. We had fantastic food including an omelet, shrimp and polenta (with the BEST tomato gravy I've ever had...amazing!!!), extra homefries, and the crab cake benedict. YUMYUMYUM. The food was great and hit the spot- right on.Love this place.
1	If I could give them less than 1 star I would.  Service SERIOUSLY sucks - and that goes all the way up the chain.  Nobody cares, everybody says the same thing but nobody takes action to change it.
5	My current favorite lunch spot uptown. The lamb burger was amazing, the new $10 lunch specials are excellent and their fries are the best in town. The decor can best be described as funky. Graffitti'd ceiling, angel wing lamps over the bar, cool art. I've yet to check out the dinner scene and from what I've heard, scene is an appropriate term. I've stuck to lunch and have been consistently happy.Their sandwiches are nicely constructed, tasty, buttery and good. My friend and I split the grilled prosciutto/mozzarella sandwich and the smoked turkey sandwich. Neither of us would give up the other half of our sandwich without protest. And the fries. Yum. Crispy, salty, flavorful and as good as a fry gets. The service was prompt and efficient, it's a place worth going back.We plan to keep going back.
3	It pains me not to be able to offer a 5 star review for 5Church. After all, 5 is in the name! But in my experience, it's just not all it could be.I've been for a Yelp event, for dinner, and for brunch. For the Yelp event, I was most impressed with the service - seeing staff members hoof it up and down the stairs with huge trays of food and keeping all the Yelpers happy. That's an excellent characteristic to observe in a staff. However, that's not all to the story.My second visit was for dinner, and while the Mr enjoyed a fantastic 60 second steak, my tofu entree was underwhelming at best. I appreciate restaurants that have a thoughtfully executed vegetarian entree, so tossing slabs of tofu on a plate doesn't quite cut it for me. I've checked the menu and found that the current token vegetarian entree is now, in fact, a different iteration of a tofu dish. Here's hoping it's better than its predecessor.As for brunch, I was prepared to be blown away. After all, despite my misgivings after having had the dinner, I figured brunch would have to be a step up. Also, if you're going to fire up a brunch in this town, you really have to bring your finest....I don't come with a hangover, so I'm in full foodie force.For brunch, we sat at the bar and split a cocktail and I ended up with an omelette. It was not made with love. It could have been so much better, but it was limp instead of fluffy. Although I chose excellent ingredients, it was ultimately a big disappointment.  I asked for one side, and was brought another. I think the same thing happened to the Mr. But here's the thing, I really like 5Church. I think it's a good concept. I see how hard their leadership works to create something unique and sought-after here in Charlotte.I appreciate that they respond well to Yelp reviews. I just don't think they have it all together.I'll definitely come back, because I believe in these guys. I believe that I'll have a chance in the near future to write a 4 or 5 star review. But until that day comes, I have to stand by my experiences and write an honest review.
5	5 Church was AWESOME!!!! The food but the presentation was as good as the taste. My husband started with pork belly (big surprise) and I had crispy beet slider (loved it - and would go back just to get that) and then he had the pork chop over horseradish mashed potatoes and I had the seared sea scallops with brown butter polenta cakes which all but melted in my mouth. I am picky about scallops and stepped out of my comfort zone by ordering them... so glad I did! We both completely cleared our plates. For desert my husband tried to order another pork belly (aye) but luckily he agreed to share a creme brulee instead! HIGHLY RECOMMEND 5 CHURCH!
4	Came here with my family for Mother's Day. I'm not from the area so I relied upon other reviews to chose this place. It's nice and trendy and the good was very good. I'd recommend this place for drinks with friends more so than family. The bartender/server upstairs was a cool guy.  Watch out for the Viper cocktail. That drink has bite!
3	The ambiance in this place is amazing and the energy/crowd is nice.  The food is, well, hit or miss.  I liked the 60 sec steak but the desserts and appetizers were disappointing.  Also the servers seem a bit confused about the menu.  When asked about the menu, they lacked the knowledge that I would expect such a popular and reputable restaurant would have.
5	I've never had a bad meal here and the service has always been superb. The most impressive thing about 5Church is that they aim to delight.  They handle situations the way they should be handled and make sure the customer leaves happy.  Fantastic service is hard to find these days.They turned me from a fan into a raving fan in March, when we were there for my mom's birthday.  They went out of their way to make sure everything was perfect and treated her like a queen.  I was beyond impressed.And then there's the food.  Oh, the food!  Chef Jamie is "da bomb."  First time for brunch?  Get the Lamb Burger.  Celebration dinner with your honey? Get the Prime "60 Second" NY Strip Steak.  The preparation of it will delight you.  For appetizer, get the mussels.  The sauce will rock your world.Wash down your dinner with the Viper.  It's like a margarita, but with cucumber water, and absolutely delicious.
2	Decor was divine, but it stops there. Service: so-so. The waiter says our po-boy sandwiches dont come with anything on the side. The sandwiches come: with fried potatoes on the side! Our drinks came 3/4 through the meal. Also, the table was not clean. A pet peeve: crunchy, toasted baguettes on a sandwich, which crumbles and scrapes the roof of your mouth. Chefs, please! Leave the baguettes alone. A po-boy should have a nice soft bite.
5	Excelent!!
3	I think I may have eaten too much which may have led to this rating, I would probably give 5Church around 3.5 starsThe night started off pretty well, we got a call around 5:00 PM to confirm our 7:00 PM reservation. One problem, they failed to mention that there was no valet parking that night so we left our house with the plan of arriving right around 6:55 PM. When there were shut down streets in downtown Charlotte and no valet person in sight, it made for a bad start to the evening. Once we parked and got inside, the ambiance in there is excellent, definitely feels hip with nice wall murals and the Art of War written on the ceiling. The food overall was good, but not great and I felt our bill was a little high for what we ended up eating. We were at Soul Gastrolounge last weekend which I felt was a MUCH better value for the amount of food you get.AppetizersPork Belly - AWESOME, small portion, but just enough to wet your appetiteBeet Sliders - Also well done, wouldn't have expected them to be good, but quite surprisedJerk Chicken Lettuce Warps - Also very very goodPerogies - Not my favorite, was expecting better based on past reviews, but I felt these were disappointing.Entree60 second NY steak -unique flavor, texture that change throughout the cut. Never had anything quite like it before and would recommend it if you are a fan of NY steak. Be warned, most parts are VERY rare, but it is juicy and flavorfulDessertPeanut Butter Chocolate Cake - was expecting better based on waiter recommendation, i would say it is slightly above averageOverall, 5Church is worth visiting once, but I don't think I will go back given the limited number of date nights that my wife and I can take with 2 kids. GIven the chance, we would go back to Soul Gastrolounge in a heartbeat before 5Church!
4	I have dined here twice for dinner and was very impressed with the food both times.  The short ribs are very good and the drink selections are expansive.  Service has been very good both times and the menu is a little pricey, but worth it.  The decor is very trendy but all flows together.
3	So, I am so sad to only give this place 3 stars.  I was really hoping for a 5-star experience with as many awesome things as I have heard about this place....and the buzz about town it has caused the last year.  The only reason I am giving it 3 stars is because the atmosphere is really cool.  Great place to grab a drink and hang out with friends....I had been here once before, but only for drinks.  And it was so much fun.  I been waiting to come back and try some of their food and really excited about doing so.  We stopped in late night and we were not super hungry, so we ordered a handful of their "snacks" and "first course" items.  I didn't like any of them.  So much so, that I barely touched my food.  Everything was crazy salty and over seasoned.   One of the items, "the black bean hummus" is described on the menu as coming with "grilled flat bread"...and what I got was greasy fried chips.  When I asked the server about it, he told me it was grilled and then "flash fried".  Doesn't make much sense to me. I sure hope their steaks and main dishes are better.  Maybe I will try them out again.  Or maybe I will just stick with the bar.
4	Large portions and great food resides at the swanky decorated 5 Church.  I can't remember what was here prior to 5 Church as most restaurants don't seem to last in this location but I know it was not as nicely decorated as it is now.  I've only been for lunch and the chicken sandwich was gigantic and probably a bit much even for my large appetite but it was good, as was the black bean dip appetizer.......looking forward to trying the brunch.
4	5Church is lovely! Lamb burger was juicy & delicious! Get this. Cocktails are excellent. Service was crazy fast & friendly--get this--on a SATURDAY night!
1	Sorry for the rating as there's no way for me to remark without really able t try their food.I went on yelp to look for a place to eat before we went to a meeting close by.  Seeing a few good comments as well the place said open till 2 am, I was excited as we will have a place to eat late.As we were late for the reservation we made, we decided to first go to meeting that we could not miss then go back to eat since it said it open till 2 am.The reality is not.  The bar opens till 2 am but the kitchen closed early.  I ended starving and I had to find somewhere else.
3	I've been to 5Church 3 times since its opening, with a different experience each time. The first, a Yelp event so of course it was live, had me giddy with hope of a new nighttime mainstay. Atmosphere, drinks and food were all on-point, and I'm already a fan of tapas-style dining.The second time I dropped in for a quick lunch, and was served a salad so small, I actually thought it was garnish, and asked the server when the actual salad would arrive. That was awkward for both of us.This last time was Sunday brunch; decent serve-time, really good lamb burger, and bottomless sangria. The sangria was a bit watered down; I could taste the Sprite in it, and the waiter developed a bit of attitude after my fourth glass (or did I get the attitude? No, definitely him.). But overall a decent, slightly overpriced brunch. Will it be my first stop? No. But it's the right move for location and convenience, if you're downtown.
5	Disclaimer--This review is clearly biased because my fiance proposed to me here (I accepted!).  Also, we visited first week of May, so this review is several weeks overdue.I've been hearing about Charlotte's burgeoning local food scene for a while, so when I had the opportunity to visit the city, i was super excited to try out a few restaurants.  Thanks to Yelp!, I decided on 5Church for dinner on one of the nights.  We started off with a bottle of malbec, the truffled mushroom pierogies, and the romaine wedge.  The malbec, Twigs Reserva, was a recommendation from our server, Brandon.  It was a good showcase of what an excellent malbec can be--luscious, full of flavor, but still delicate and silky.  As for the appetizers, both were stellar.  I would definitely order the pierogies again.  What's not to love about delicious, pillowy dough and savory mushrooms?  Also, the peperoncini in the wedge salad (are they housemade?) were surprisingly tart and delightful.  I love well-prepared little flourishes.  For the main course we split the seared sea scallops (slightly different preparation than the one on the menu right now) and mac and cheese.  I am a huge scallop snob and 5Church's won me over right away because they were excellently seared.  However, the mac and cheese (no longer on the menu) was a disappointment.  Though it looked deliciously creamy with a nice crunchy topping of (panko?) breadcrumbs, the first bite was oily with a curiously metallic after taste.  As soon as we told Brandon, he whisked it off and took it off our check--what great service!  He also asked us exactly why we didn't like it so he could tell the chef.We ended the meal with a decadent chocolate trifle with marshmallow sauce.  Very sweet and rich but so unique!  And the portion was large enough to take some back to the hotel for a late-night snack.  Around the same time, my fiance proposed and I have to mention how wonderful the staff was.  Not only did Brandon bring out a bottle of prosecco for us to enjoy, the manager came by to congratulate us.  Thanks 5Church, for not only a memorable meal but also exemplary service.  We will be sure to visit the next time we are in town!
4	My husband and I were in town for the weekend, so we made a res for 5Church based on the location and Yelp reviews. We were instantly impressed with the rock star glam digs - there was a lot to take in, including writing covering the ceiling and funky light fixtures. We started with the Bourberry and Wild Berry Mojito, which were both yummy and we easily could have guzzled even before our bread arrived. The first dish we were excited to try was the Price Edward Island Mussels, one of our favorite starters. Unfortunately, after tasting a few, we both looked at each other in disgust because they tasted extremely fishy and... just "off." We informed our server that they must be a bad batch, to which she kindly offered a replacement starter. We instead decided to proceed to our mains, the Lamb Burger and Herb-brined and Roasted Chicken. Both were full of flavor and good portions... the restaurant definitely redeemed itself. My chicken was perfectly cooked - very tender and juicy. While we were eating, the manager even came over and apologized profusely for the mussels, which he maintains are always fresh. He even gave us a complimentary dessert, the smores trifle, which was heeeeavenly. All in all, 5Church is definitely worth visiting. We would totally return!
4	I stopped by for a drink the other night and thought the place was gorgeous.  The staff was friendly and I loved the mixed drink menu.  Looking forward to coming back for dinner soon!
5	I thoroughly enjoyed my night at 5Church for dinner and drinks with friends.  We arrived a little late for our reservation (sorry 5Church!) but we were welcomed at the door and promptly seated at our table.  Unfortunately, they were out of the bottle of wine we wanted to order, BUT our server quickly suggested their replacement and another bottle for us to order instead. The wine was fantastic and the food was amazing.  5Church definitely held up to my expectations.
4	Been here twice.This place is cool in an upscale hipster kinda way. I had the lamb burger the first time and the Duck the second. The duck was ok and if memory serves me well so was the lamb burger. The wine list is quite impressive and the cheese plate is one of the better selections in the city. Ok so - 4 stars because the food and the service are great.No 5 star rating because for the price I wasn't blown away either time. I left on both occasions not really caring if we ever returned. Beyond that if you are already in that part of town the Dandelion Market easily wins out over 5church.
3	The Lamb burger was tasty, but nothing over-the-top-hell-yea-lamb-be-damned good.  I love the decor with all the crazy writing on the ceiling.  The place was empty after 3, I think they stop serving lunch right at 3, they were cool and mad ean exception for me and my buddy bc we had been to 3 other places and they all stopped lunch.  Come on Charlotte! Keep a food menu open the entire day! sheesh.
5	This is my favorite place in Charlotte. Very chic. Amazing food and fun bar scene especially on the weekends. Some of my favorite items are the black bean hummus, wasabi salmon (I could eat this every day), shrimp flatbread, local mixed greens, scallops. Even the fried tofu is beyond tasty. The smores dessert is to die for delicious. Hip and cool decor. Inventive mixed cocktails. Friendly staff. You can't go wrong with anything here.
2	Went to this restaurant last night for our anniversary dinner expecting great things due to some wonderful reviews and friends recommendations.Service was excellent! Many many servers and assistants constantly flowing around the area. Ambiance  was really cool. Loved the feather lampshades over the bar, very interesting light fixtures through out the restaurant, and the overall feel was very clubby. It was far too loud in the lower level where we were seated, but perhaps the upstairs area would be different? If we return, I will have to ask to be seated there. I had to ask the waitress to repeat herself many times because to the noise level, and I have great hearing!Wonderful people watching. The food was only ok. The bread basket included two pieces of warm bread. I appreciated warmed bread. The butter was soft but whipped and not salted. I prefer salted.It was a restaurant week, and I liked the options listed so ordered one of their pre-selected three course combinations. I started off with  the black bean hummus which was very salty with fried wonton strips. Blah. Next was the wasabi crusted salmon and I exchanged the side accompaniments for the mashed potatoes and glazed vegetables. The presentation was nice, but very few vegetables were on the plate (2 pieces of broccoli). The mashed potatoes with gravy were delicious and the best part of the entire meal. I really liked the fact they offered a 3 course wine pairing and it was very reasonably priced at on $15.  I only wanted one glass for the meal so I ordered the recommended pinot noir and it was excellent.Hubby ordered a bunch of different "first courses" and "snacks."  He started with the warm tomato soup which had a lovely presentation with a toasted cheese crouton laying across the top of the bowl. It was served straight on the table, no plate under the bowl. Hmmmm.  His verdict, bland. He ordered the truffled mushroom pierogies (fried & tasty!), the tiny beet slider (we definitely prefer 131 Main's beet slider), crisp pork belly,  and jerk chicken lettuce wraps. It was fun having all these appetizer size dishes show up and tasty and nibble the different flavors. Nothing was outstanding though.The restaurant week menu included a dessert and I ordered the s'mores option. It was terrible. The server offered to box up the dessert, so she did notice that I did not eat more than 2 bites. When I said "no thanks," she did not investigate  why I didn't eat it. Hubby thought it was pretty awful too.The server took our valet parking receipt out and the car was waiting for us when we walked out.  This was wonderful.Service is excellent, food is poor.  No plans to return.
3	Loved the decor of this place, especially with "The Art of War" written on the ceiling.  The food tried very hard to be good but it just fell a little flat.  We had the romaine salad which would have been good if they didn't put too much balsamic on it and then try to cover it up with more bleu cheese and bacon.  However, I did appreciate their splitting it up into equal sized portions for the two of us.  Next, we had the mussels which were very creamy and came with charred bread.  Lastly, we shared the grouper, which was cooked perfectly but lacked flavor.  Sadly, this restaurant did not deliver.
5	This is about the coolest restaurant in uptown Charlotte.  From the interesting menu options to the decor to the scene itself, this place has it all! One of the first things I noticed when I walked in for the first time was the words all over the ceiling. Apparently it's the Art of War.  But don't try reading it all or you'll make yourself dizzy!  There are all sorts of other interesting things going on inside this place: the cool lighting, the metal tree beside the bar, the art on the walls, etc.The food is awesome.  I've had a few different things and haven't found anything that wasn't great.  I really like the tofu dish (and I'm not normally a fan of tofu), and the salmon.  There are also burgers, steaks, chicken options, and other seafood.  They really make some interesting dishes with all sorts of eclectic ingredients.  The cocktail menu is pretty sweet too and it has lots of cool concoctions.  If you make it to dessert without falling out from appetizers and the main course, you'll get to choose from a s'more situation in a glass, banana pudding, and a chocolate peanut butter cake among other things.  All good!  Cool atmosphere in a great location, good food, and not too expensive given the quality.  You gotta check it out!
3	Meh- food was just ok.  Nothing special at all.  I liked the atmosphere alot and when I'm looking for more of a cool scene and good cocktails I'll go back, but if Im looking for really great food I think there is much better.  It was very loud, so not the place to go to chat with your friends.
4	I've been wanting to go to 5Church for awhile now, and was pretty jealous when the missus went for a lunch function at her job. When I saw their menu for Restaurant Week I was pretty set on going. Their menu didn't offer much in the way of savings (the dinner we had would have cost only slightly more on a normal day) but it was enticing enough to give us an excuse to go together for dinner.5Church is a pretty busy place, which was a turn-off for me. Tables were crammed close together and it was extremely loud, despite how large the dining area is. The regular menu was a mixture of affordable and pricey, and all of the items available for Restaurant Week were on the lower end of the pricing spectrum. Our waitress was friendly and service was a good pace...not too fast and not too slow, despite the Restaurant Week crowds.For an appetizer I had the Crispy Pork Belly ($4), which was not an appetizer but a tiny bite. It consisted of two very small strips of pork belly on top of a bed of cabbage tossed in an Asian sauce. The pork belly was crisp and tasty, and the cabbage took nothing away from the overall flavor. It was a tasty three bites, but I would rather pay a little more for a more substantial portion of food. The missus had Quinoa Tabbouleh ($4), and I actually preferred this. It was still considered a "snack" by their menu, but unlike the pork belly it was actually a heaping portion of food. I never thought of eating quinoa cold, but it was very tasty. There is a hint of lemon in it that I really enjoyed for whatever reason. It also came with these fried wontons that you could scoop into the quinoa. The quinoa was definitely worth the price, but the pork not so much.For dinner I had the Grilled Hangar Steak ($19 on the dinner menu.) I will say that it was one of the better steaks I've had in the area. It was actually cooked to order...many times when I order a steak medium rare it turns out more rare or medium. It was a good portion of tender meat and had a great beef flavor to it. I really enjoyed the sauce it was served with, and I usually like my steak naked. The horseradish mashed potatoes were also very good, and I was glad to find that the horseradish was not strong at all, as I am not a fan of it normally. It also came with some mixed vegetables which were a bit plain and boring on their own, but I mixed them with the sauce and the mashed potato and they were fine. This steak was the cheapest steak they had, which I'm sure is why they popped it on the Restaurant Week Menu...with this steak being this good I would love to try one of their steaks in the $30-40 range. The missus ordered the Wasabi Crusted Salmon and enjoyed it quite immensely. The salmon was cooked well and tasted fresh. I liked the wasabi exterior of the salmon, as it gave it a slight kick. There was a small bit of seaweed salad on top of the salmon which was surprisingly decent, and the bok choy was very good, though a bit overcooked for my personal taste. The missus ate most of her dinner, which is something she rarely does, so she really enjoyed her meal.For dessert we each split the S'mores Trifle and Banana Pudding. The S'mores Trifle was incredible...a hot chocolate cake/brownie that was topped with this marshmallow cream. The marshmallow is toasted so it gets that browned, burned goodness that a good campfire marshmallow has, and combined with the hot chocolate cake it becomes this tastetacular treat. The Banana Pudding was also very good. It was a banana mousse that had more of a custardy consistency and was topped with some cream. It was accompanied with three slices of banana that were bruleed and had that hard, sugary crust on them. It's hard to tell which dessert was best, as we gobbled them both up.It's also worth noting that we paid $15 each for a three-course wine paring to accompany each course. For the appetizer and entree you received a choice of red or white wine, and with dessert you could either get a dry red wine, Prosecco or bourbon. Seeing how most of their wine glasses were $8 and up, we figured it would be a good bargain to get three drinks for $15. All the drinks were great selections and  were more than a bit tipsy leaving that night.  I would like to go back to 5Church in the future based on our experience here for Restaurant Week. The place may be a bit too crowded and loud for my personal taste, but the food was done pretty dang well. It could be a bit pricey depending on what you get, but there were a good number of lower-priced items on the menu. 5Church might be one of those places we save for a special occasion or when family come to visit, and nicer dinner is in order.
4	Finally made it to 5Church after hearing a lot about the food and ambiance.  Add me to the list of people that are a fan of this place.Went to lunch with a coworker.  First impressions are very good - comfortable, cool decor, a clear artistic vibe with local artists paintings and the text of "Art of war" on the ceiling.  Service was excellent from beginning to end.  Had the grilled prosciutto di parma, which delivered on all fronts - fresh mozzarella, tomatoes full of flavor, all surrounded by grilled white bread that was perfectly chewy on the inside.  It went from good to great with the balsamic served on the side.  In addition, had the tomato soup, which was quite killer.  Pure tomato puree, no cream, just tons of fresh flavor.Had a taste of my coworkers lamb burger - perfectly cooked and tasty.  All in all, a great lunch spot (prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food and experience).  Looking forward to returning for dinner, may have to evaluate my rating and move to 5 starts if that experience delivers as well.
3	Lets call it what it is, trendy food and a trendy atmosphere.  Service was pretty good.  Went to 5 Church in Friday night and were seated promptly.  Pretty good crowd and everyone was dressed in "going out" clothes.  The menu was pretty straightforward new American.  The food itself seemed more about quality ingredients and fancy presentation than taste.  My romaine  salad was ok, could have done with out 2 whole anchovies and soft boiled eggs.  Steak was a great cut of meat, a little on the expensive side though. My wife enjoyed her green salad and scallops. Out total bill was 91 before tip.   Good meal but I would rather eat at a less trendy spot for a little less money.
3	I'm probably in the minority here but I'm giving 5Church 3 stars - ok 3.5 stars (if Yelp allowed fractions). My hubby and I dined here during Charlotte Restaurant Week. The ambiance and decor of the restaurant is very cool and I'm really diggin' the scene in there.I ordered the Szechuan Pork Belly, Grilled Hanger Steak and the S'mores Trifle. The pork belly was a bit of a disappointment, it was small and it was really an amuse bouche rather than a first course - I was done after one bite. The steak was good, but I felt the accompaniments were lacking, and the trifle was good.The hubs ordered the Tomato Soup, Wasabi-Crusted Salmon, and the Peanut Butter Chocolate Cake. He enjoyed his meal but wasn't a fan of the cake. I realize it was restaurant week so they'd like to turn tables but I felt a bit rushed - but I fully understood.  I thought our server was great - likable and very accommodating. The ambiance is great and it's definitely a scene. We may venture out again - maybe just for a drink. But I do question the wine storage in the window.
4	First, they're not on Tryon St but rather on Church St.  And, thus, the name!We live uptown and really enjoy 5Church.  Thought it might be too trendy when they first opened but they've settled into a nice blend of good food, good service and good ambience. Of these three attributes, I love the food most of all.  Creative, perfectly cooked to temp and flavorful dishes always delight me...and those, with whom, I've dined.Nice to have a locally owned/managed shop in uptown that is this good.  Think we'll go back tonight!PS  And one of their mixologists is really talented...at least I know of one who made an interesting concotion one evening for my husband and me.  Probably all are good.
2	Stopped in after a long day of travel - service was awful and food not great. Took waitress over 15 minutes to take our drink order.....then order was wrong. she spent the entire time apologizing in an awkward, annoying way...not in a way that helps you forget a little mistake. Ouch.
4	I liked this trendy little bar that is nicely decorated, (don't forget to look at the ceiling), and serves up decent food.  We went in for the $10 lunch that includes an entree and a non-alcoholic beverage for the price.  It was a pretty good deal.  I, however, went for something with whiskey in it.  In their offerings for lunch, they have Beet Sliders that are pretty good, but they are served up with skinny fries that looked like they'd been out of the freezer too long before they were cooked.  All in all, we enjoyed the experience, we enjoyed the food, and we like the server except that she forgot to bring the iced tea we ordered.  Ooops!
4	I'm not typically a fan of Restaurant Week reviews, because the experience is not the same as a typical meal...but here goes. We'd read a lot about 5Church and their RW menu looked to offer some of their standard menu items, so we booked it for fairly early on the first Saturday of Queen's Feast. We arrived about 30 minutes early to enjoy a drink at the bar. The bartenders were friendly and the drinks were delicious. I had the 5Church (lychee martini) and my husband had the New Fashioned. Before we knew it, our table on the third level was ready. The seating is interesting in that they have several different levels of small seating areas. From where we were seated you couldn't see the famous Art of War ceiling. I ordered the pork belly appetizer, wasabi crusted salmon, and smores cake. My husband had the tomato soup, hangar steak, and banana pudding. The tomato soup won the appetizer round, the guy at the table next to us even leaned over and commented on how good it was. The pork belly was good, but required a lesson from the waitress on how to best enjoy it. The wasabi crusted salmon was delicious, not too spicy at all, just a little bite to it. The bok choy and the miso emulsion under the fish was fantastic, and this coming from a non-miso lover. My husband enjoyed his hangar steak and horseradish mashed potatoes. The smores cake was the dessert we preferred, the "deconstructed" banana pudding was good too. All in all a delicious meal, and we'll be back to enjoy the full menu at some point soon. We're also excited to try the new restaurant this group is opening in South End sometime this fall. In this case, Restaurant Week served it's purpose and piqued our interest.
5	Have been here for drinks and light eating and also for brunch.  I was happy with the food and enjoyed my drink during dinner.  I was especially impressed with brunch.  I got the hanger steak and eggs that also came with fries and was completely satisfied.  There were multiple different items on the menu that I also wanted so I will definitely being going back again.  I was also surprised that it wasn't that packed there at 11:30, but I was happy about that.  As many other comments will say this place is has a very nice ambiance and you can tell they took the time to really make it different and unique.
2	We had drinks there the other night and I was disappointed. It seems the place has gotten just a little bit full of itself. The bartenders were actually walking with their tennis shoes where they stack the fresh glasses. The bottles were high up and they had no ladder.  Disgusting.  Also my martini was finished and empty for ten minutes and finally had to wave to get another.  Not a big deal but they are in the big leagues.   And charge a lot for a little.
3	Good food and upbeat crowd made for a fun evening. Very interesting decor(check out the ceiling,a complete copy of "The Art of War". We had fish, my swordfish (the special with heavy dumplings) was a little dry, but my husbands trout was delicious. I'd definitely give them another try!
3	My initial thought after visiting 5Church is that it is a very nice restaurant in Uptown Charlotte.  The menu offerings are creative, the specialty cocktails and wine list are decently priced and very modern, and the ambiance of the restaurant is unique and trendy.  We were with a larger group so we all were able to try a variety of appetizers and dishes.  The crab cakes and bacon pizza were delicious, however the gnocchi was a little weird and had some sort of indistinguishable meat thrown in as a "Chef's Choice"...which we all know means whatever they had left over from the night before.   The tomato soup was very very salty but the black bean was delicious.  The gin fizz cocktail is very interesting, however the spirit and wine selection was plentiful and had something for everyone.For our entrees, I had the duck breast.  It was well cooked, mildly seasoned, and everything you would expect for a nice duck breast...nothing more and nothing less.  I also was able to try the lamb burger which was good.  A friend of mine ordered the Kobe flatiron steak and we were all surprised after tasting how poor quality the cut of meat was.  Kobe beef is supposed to be one of the best cuts of steak you can find...and the one he received for his entrees was about as a chewy as a stick of Trident gum. The server was very accommodating and brought out the 60 second strip steak.  For the rare steak lovers, I highly recommend ordering this if you ever stop by 5Church. It is one of the most unique preparations of steak I've ever tried.  Heavily seasoned and seared on one side while being almost completely rare on the other.  It was an excellent cut of steak and definitely the signature dish of 5Church. Overall, 5Church was a pleasant dining experience with a unique atmosphere and friendly staff.  It was not particularly memorable but had solid menu choices if you happen to stop by.  I wouldn't recommend it as a top place to visit while you are in the area considering the price points and other surrounding restaurants.
5	Man oh man I really like the The hot CAB corned beef dish.  The eggs were perfectly poached and even the spinach had a great taste to it and it wall blended together nicely.
4	Went to 5 Church last week for lunch in between showing real estate with an out of state client. I've been to 5 Church before just for drinks this was my first time for food . My client has a bad case of acid reflux and was limited to what he could have from the menu. The manager got a wind of that she came by, and was extremely sympathetic to my client. They were so willing to work with my client that they prepared special dish for my him. This place has a great a atmosphere,food and customer service this is definitely a keeper.
2	I came here with a few coworkers for dinner, and it seemed like a decent place to eat at.  Even the yelp reviews gave us positive expectations!  Unfortunately, we all came out of this place pretty disappointed.  It could have been we ordered the wrong items? but regardless I was hoping at least 1 of the three items would have been above average.  Here is what we got:-Chicken leg meal:  This was not very appetizing.  The presentation seemed very nice, but looks were deceiving for this dish.  The chicken was utterly dry even for dark meat!  The side of fries were the best part of the meal, and they were soggy. -Special of the night (red snapper): This wins the most disappointing dish of the night.  You would think the special of this night would be pretty good.  But this dish's fish was thin and rather small (not filling), and it was overcooked so much that it was not possible to finish.  -Braised short ribs: This was probably the most acceptable dish that we ordered, and it was still over cooked.  I don't know if this place recently got new ovens/stoves and do not know how to tame their cooking heat or it just their style of cooking? Well the wait staff was very friendly, and attentive.  Probably will not be back, but definitely check it out and decide for yourself if you like it! Enjoy!
4	OK - I'm upping my rating because brunch at 5Church is great. I had the crab cakes with poached eggs. I love crab and I love eggs and these two worked so well together.  The eggs were perfectly poached - the perfect amount of runny-ness. The mimosa was great.  They have bottomless mimosas for $12 but I didn't partake in that because I probably wouldn't know when to stop - but that's a great deal!I'm glad to be won over by 5Church by their brunch - the ambiance is great and makes for an enjoyable Sunday.
4	Went for dinner on A Sunday before the Lion King show. At first the service was slow, but once the waiter got into his groove....the meal went well. We had the fixed menu to get in and out fast. Prices were good. We had the chicken and hanger steak. Bother were delicious!! Some of the best chicken I have ever had. Crispy outside and juicy inside. We also had a s'more trifle dessert. Omg! Check them out, we'll definitely be back again! Super impressed with the chef's skills.
1	A small group of us headed out for lunch today, and upon getting to our preferred restaurant, Basil, found they had a 30 minute wait to be seated. 5Church didn't have a wait, so we figured we would try eating there instead, since several of us had meetings after lunch. In retrospect, the lack of a wait should have been a clue.We were sat immediately, and the server took our orders fairly quickly. The lunch menu is slim: sandwiches, flat breads and salads. Honestly, nothing that can't be thrown together with 5 minutes of time and a fryolator. One person ordered a salad, the rest of us ordered sandwiches, which according to the posterboard outside, came with fries and a drink for $10. (Our server never inquired if we wanted drinks, by the way. You got water only unless you asked for a drink specifically.)Our orders were taken around 12:15. At 12:50, after seeing several tables that had been sat after us receive their orders, I finally inquired when we saw our server, who had been MIA for a long while, with runners delivering to his one or two tables. (One table sat down after us, got their meal, and left, before we even got our meal.)My inquiry was far more polite than the curses some members of our table had lobbed into our discussion about the restaurant and our MIA server in particular after seeing everyone BUT US served in the 30+ minutes we had to wait for our pedestrian, easily-assembled sandwiches and fries.Frankly, I couldn't blame my tablemates, many of whom had better places to be than sitting idly at the table of a missing-in-action incompetent server in an inefficient restaurant. Honestly, I was the least pissed off of all the diners, so I was the one to ask about our food, in the most polite, non-assertive manner I could muster - because to do so otherwise would invite spit from this type of place and our "Hack" server. Unlike half of my tablemates, I didn't have somewhere else to be an hour after I left for lunch (i.e @1:00).My exact words when our MIA server finally decided to grace us with his presence were, "Hi, can you check on our order? Several of us have meetings we need to get to in a few minutes." As soon as the words left my mouth, our aptly-named server "Hack" (according to my receipt) seemed deeply offended that we had the damned AUDACITY to inquire about food that took way too long for a business lunch. Our server "Hack" stiffened and adopted a defensive and rude demeanor. "As you can see, we're very busy!" he huffed pompously. Seriously?! Drop the attitude, sweetheart. You don't work at e2e or Blue and only one other table has been sat in your area in the last 30 minutes. Sorry, but 5Church isn't on par with Charlotte's classy or high volume restaurants like say, Basil, which actually had a wait - and clearly for a good reason. "Your food is coming out soon!" he snapped nastily, as he trounced off.Our food finally arrived about 5 minutes later, and soon after that a soda glass was wordlessly slammed down next to me, presumably to replace my drink that had been emptied while our waiter had been MIA for so long.We asked for our checks, which arrived after about ten minutes. Hardly prompt, but it was better than I expected from our "Hack" server.The food was okay. The fries were overdone, but my sandwich was okay. We scarfed down our food and got out of there as quickly as possible. 5Church had way overstayed its welcome for those of us who had other things to do.I'd seriously recommend you avoid 5Church during the day if you have any other plans after your lunch, or if you want a professional server. The food was okay but the unprofessional service was galling. "Hack" was a certainly an appropriate name for our server. We won't return. This location doesn't seem to ever hold a successful restaurant, and with this kind of service, 5Church seems to be yet another failure just working its way on through.
1	The food- excellent!  We are gluten free and dairy free and they worked w us well.  Our server was excellent too.  What wasn't of good taste was the manager who asked us to move from our table to the bar because of a reservation that someone else had for our table.  (We had a reservation too.). He asked us to move even before our bill was signed... Not a good ending to our anniversary dinner.
4	Ive eaten here twice for dinner in the past year, and been very impressed with the food both times.  Apps, entrees and desserts were all delicious, and the wine list is above average.  I will say though, 5Church has somehow earned the reputation of "a place to be seen in Charlotte," and I think that attitude among the servers and other patrons may detract a bit from the restaurant overall.  The servers take the "hipster" vibe just a bit too far, and I cannot find words to describe the outfits women wear to this place; honestly, it's ridiculous.  If you are looking for good food uptown, you will find it here.  Just be prepared to look past the "We wish we were in Manhattan or LA" vibe from everyone else in the building.
5	Reviews for 5Church seem to be all over the map, and so I was a bit hesitant to make a reservation for a Labor Day weekend dinner with the family.  Well, let me tell you something, 5Church is incredible!  Between their unique contemporary vibe, impeccable service, and perfectly executed dishes, I declared the evening epic success.  When I made our reservation on Open Table, I specifically requested a table in a quieter area of the restaurant, as I heard that it can become very loud.  The noise wasn't any problem at all when we arrived at 7pm, but some louder music with a heavy bass made the restaurant notably loud around 8:30pm.  Still though, we were able to have conversations without feeling as though we were yelling.For appetizers we shared the cheese plate and mixed greens salad.  Our waiter offered to split the salad three ways and we were impressed by the portion size of each plate.  The marinated mushrooms, dressing, and cheese are a great combination.  The cheese plate came with three generous sized wedges of cheddar, blue, and feta cheeses, along with tons of olives, a beet pesto, olive tapenade, and candied raisins.  My only complains would be that the "fresh" bread basket they serve was not at all impressive, tasting either stale or just simply not good.Our entree selections included NC Grouper, Wasabi Crusted Salmon, and Lamb Burger.  The grouper was served over a bed of succotash, popcorn shoots, and a red pepper emulsion.  It was very fresh, light, and generously portioned.  The salmon dish was nothing short of perfection.  The combination of the wasabi crust, rich miso emulsion, seaweed salad, and bok choy left us savoring each and every bite.  Finally, the lamb burger with it's grilled onion marmalade earned lots of oohs and ahhs.  At just $13, it's certainly a steal of a deal.  Since the entire meal had been incredible, we couldn't help but order dessert.  We shared the S'mores selection swooned with each bite.  Think warm decadent chocolate cake, crystalized fudge sauce, and homemade marshmallow.  Again - a huge portion that is easy to share between several at the table.
5	Amazing food, great service, and beautiful decor! A neighborhood gem! The queen city is lucky to have a restaurant like 5Church
5	5 Church is such a wonderful addition to the Charlotte restaurant scene.  The food is consistently great, the cocktails are interesting and perfect, the ambiance can't be beat. I would DEFINITELY recommend this place to anyone, especially people visiting Charlotte and looking for an uptown experience that's classy & hip, not cheesy.
5	I absolutely loved this place. Like loved loved loved it! We went here for dinner and were seated immediately. The setup is great, there's a bar downstairs and then a smaller one upstairs with the tables. While the food side of the menu is not huge, it has some great choices. The drink menu is slightly more extensive, with a lot of cocktails to choose from (we tried the viper and mojito..yum!) for appetizers we had the black bean hummus and the shrimp flatbread, both were amazing. For dinner we ordered the scallops, the bolognese (made with prime rib), and the chickpea salad and tabouli. All of it was fantastic, although the bolognese was a little rich. The rest of the menu looked great, several steak and chop options with some other great appetizers. The staff was very polite and welcoming, food was delicious. Will definitely be returning here every chance I get!
4	I love eating brunch here, my first time was their first brunch and I couldn't wait to come back, they have this pizza with eggs on it that is to die for! I've had a few meals here and I always get the special that they have for the night, I have never returned anything and have cleared my plate! The bar tenders are awesome, and the staff is great and friendly! Only thing is I wish outside seating was an option but that's something that I don't think can happen with the location, and honestly the inside of this place is almost as appealing as the food. The owners are fantastic and I've met them a few times. I always walk by here on my way home and see the cooks getting everything ready and I must say you are all terrific!
4	I come to Charlotte frequently for work but tried this place out for brunch on a rare occasion when visiting during the weekend. Apparently this place is mostly a dinner/bar scene.We were in a large group and were overall quite happy across the vectors of food, service and ambiance. The modern/eclectic decor seems a little out of place down south (chalk it up to northern banking industry transplants) but still warm and inviting. I can see Charlotte still hasn't fully made the transition to a residential downtown (people living/working in same area), so I'd expect more places like this to start popping up - which is a good thing.Food is fantastic and the portion size is HUGE, ie no one came close to finishing. The lamb burger in particular seemed to be a real hit.Service was solid and managed the group at an off peak hour expertly. I was dismayed to learn they don't serve breakfast weekday (when I usually visit), but I'd definitely come back when in town.
3	Great spot to grab dinner and a few drinks...It has a trendy and modern vibe to it (dim lighting, swanky music, funky decor). We went here during a business trip (from NYC) and did not feel that we were in Charlotte while dining here.  They have a cool looking bar and a decent selection of scotch.  Our waitress Alyssa was extremely friendly and knowledgeable about both the food and wine menu...she made several recommendations, all of which we enjoyed.We started with the truffle mushroom pierogies and a special gnocchi app with pork shoulder...the gnocchi were very light and fluffy, and the pork shoulder had nice flavorFor dinner we had the salmon and the duck breast. The salmon was light, very tasty and good size piece of fish. The duck was a much larger portion and combo'd well with the mushrooms and potato cake.We will definitely give this place another shot on our next trip to NC.
5	Every aspect of this restaurant was wonderful.  Great food, perfect presentation, delicious taste and fun atmosphere
3	One of Charlotte's trendiest hotspots, 5 Church works much more effectively as a bar than as a restaurant. This was my third visit here, but my first for a sit-down meal. We were entertaining colleagues from out of town, and our party had to practically scream across the table at one another to be heard. Our waitress was sweet, but the service was ridiculously slow. I ordered the pan-seared scallops, which were just OK, and no one else seemed particularly blown away by their plates. This may be a very cool spot for drinks and appetizers after work (the wine and beer selection is outstanding), but as a fine dining choice, it leaves a lot to be desired.
4	I visited 5Church for a business lunch with a vendor.  The vendor had been before and liked it and it's been on my list to try.  We met at 1:30 on a Friday so we missed the lunch rush.  I immediately liked the vibe and decor very much.  The servers were very friendly and attentive.  Since the vendor had been before, I was happy to trust her judgment for the appetizer choices.  She ordered Black Bean Hummus and Beet Sliders.  The hummus was delicious!  The fresh olive oil, line juice, and cilantro really made the dish cone alive.  The Beet Sliders completely knocked my socks off!!!  I will return to 5Church just for these Sliders...they were THAT good!  We also ordered the lunch special salad... Quinoa patties over greens with a lemon vinaigrette with oranges and goat cheese.  It was tasty, but the patties were a tad on the dry side.  I can't wait to go back with my husband... perhaps for brunch?   Good food AND Mimosas... yes, please!!
2	We went here for dinner after a lot of anticipation.  The environment is pretty cool, but it was extremely loud.  We also hated the seating, as this is one of those places where they sit people on top of each other.The food and drink were ok.  We definitely enjoyed the hot bread to start, and the cocktails were not bad, but pretty watered down.  For dinner we got the braised short ribs, which were fine as well, but nothing memorable.Overall, for the price, the value was not there.  If you want to spend a lot of money on food and get great service, you would be better off going to a steakhouse in uptown.  I don't think we will be going back here again.
4	I visited 5Church last year on a business trip and have been begging my boss to let me go back ever since.  I'm a huge fan.  While the service was a bit slow, the food was amazing.  My coworker and I split the lamb and a bunch of small plates.  The lamb was cooked to perfection and the beet slider was bomb-diggity.  (Technical term)  But if you want to taste heaven in a glass, you MUST, I say MUST try the S'mores.  It's like they mixed a pot de creme with caramel with brownie and topped it all with toasted marshmallow fluff.  REally??  Yes.  I'm not kidding.  It's delicious.
5	My husband and I went for Thanksgiving and the food was biblically tasty. The atmosphere, the service, the food quality and interior design is just NY in the Queen City. So wonderful! Go! Ignore people who don't give this place 5 stars.
4	Trendy, chic, but yet still having a chill approachable vibe.  Right in the middle of downtown and having a great variety of eats from $3-30 something.I'm a fan.  The food is great and its a great place for groups.  I've never been somewhere where I can eat what I want and not feel guilty inviting my broke ass friends that need to eat on the cheap.  The whole right side of the menu is under $10 apps and $3-4 bites.  There is even a $13 lamb burger entree.  All the while you can get the "60 second" N.Y. Strip that apparently is one of the best steaks Bryant Gumble has had in a long time.You will see the huge windows when walking up.  I'm not sure what you'll notice first when you walk in, but I love the ceiling.  Local artist Jon Norris(buddy of mine) painted Sun Tzu's art of war among a couple of other works up there.  Next, my eyes take me to the bar.  A long white marble looking bar that goes down the left side of the place and gives depth to the entrance.  The booze is fair priced for downtown and have no complaints with wine list, tap list, or cocktails.  Some good malbec's, Triple C's baby maker, and a "new-fashioned" being my fav's.  Anyhow, back to this place.  As I walked to my seat I went up a couple of stairs off to the right.  There are booths, regular seats and combo's of both.  More artwork as well.Then here comes my waiter.  Spiffy white shirt and Chuck Taylor's.  NICE.  Yet again, trendy/chic but chill and maybe should I even say "laid back".  I mean that in a good way, our service was spot on.  As we were in a group and it was a friends birthday, I just ordered the whole right side of the menu.  I wanted an entree but my counterparts don't get out a whole lot, so I wanted them to try it all.  I knew I could snag a few bites off there plates anyhow.Here we are, the food.  So close to being spot on, but not quite.  Everything was good, the mussels were really good.  Cheese and meat plates both great.  The regular salads, chic pea salads, and quinoa/tabouleh were some of the best bites per $ in town.  I even enjoyed the pierogies and gnocchi.  But it ends there.  The Szechuan pork belly did nothing for me.  While my counterparts loved there brined chicken so much that I didn't get a bite, I was underwhelmed by the lamb burger as well.  It seemed like the lamb wasn't that flavorful while the onion marmalade had too much worcester or A-1 even?  It wasn't bad, but what should I expect from an entree that is a third the price of many others.  It did have some potato logs, aka confit fries that had a mystery sauce.  Some kind of cumin, curry, something.  Need to take some of that home and figure out what it is.Bottom line.  I need to go back, and do it often.  I know they can wow me.  I can feel it.  I just need to try it all and I'm sure I'll update with a 5 star review.
4	I went to meet some friends Uptown for drinks and dinner at this really cute place. We got there earlier than one of our party and spent some time in the bar area. It had lots of seating and good specialty drinks. I really liked The Metropolitan and The Wildberry Mojito (try them if you like tart and sweet drinks)We were seated at a nice little table and ordered our apps - Appetizers that I liked - the cheese plate and the hummus, both were really good.We ordered dinner and I had a wedge salad and a Lamb Burger. Now the salads were less than impressive, but I loved the Lamb Burger! Really yummy.  The fries that come with it are huge and really flavorful.The sauteed green beans are amazing as a side - I would totally order those instead of a salad.The dessert menu had just been changed for winter - so we decided to try a few of them. I really liked the sorbet and the marshmallow parfait (I can't remember it's exact name) but it had chocolate and creme in a glass. OMG - so good.We ended with Cappuccinos.. nice and foamy.. Over all, a very good experience. I will update on my next trip. Oh and they have complimentary valet as well. That is always a plus.
1	If this is Charlotte's best restaurant then I better not eat anywhere else in this city. I'm in town for a short visit and stopped by here after reading the local press. To be fair this would be a 1.5 to 1.75 star rating. Service: 1.5/5 Sat at the bar for a quick bite before the dinner rush. I don't know if the bar is not used to serving food but food coming before cutlery was interesting. I also had to lift up my appetizer as I was eating so a napkin "placemat" could be out down. There was no cutlery exchange for the main course while not a deal breaker isn't pleasant in mixing flavours. The bartender was not particularly attentive, no water, no asking if I needed a cocktail nor a check in with how everything was. She did seem preoccupied with talking about just turning 21 and chatting socially with bar patrons. Not really professional and definitely did not make me want to order more drinks. That's the kind of bartending I expect at a sports bar.  It's a shame that a solo diner spending $50+ gets less service than someone having one drink order. It's a bigger shame since I'm a big fan of cocktails and usually spend $100+ on a meal and good drinks but the service did not compel me to do so. Drinks: 1/5 I ordered the namesake "5church" with the intent on trying more but it was not well made. It was way too sweet and not balanced. As I watched the bar I noticed the bartenders weren't tasting the cocktails to see if they were proper. If you have a serious cocktail program you'd want them perfect and consistent. Unfortunately it seems more occupied with the trend rather than concerned about quality. It did not instil confidence in the rest if the cocktails. If the service was better I may have tried another one. Food: 2/5The artisan cured meat plate was okay. I was told it was house cured and I was expecting more for house cured meats but it wasn't bad nor spectacular. The shortribs...where to start. The meat was bordering on dry but it was at least hot while the rest of the dish was cold. It was bland but the sauce and potato garnish was way over salted. I really could have used some water. Unfortunately mixing under seasoned meat with over seasoned sauce isn't pleasant either. The Brussels sprout leaves were spot on though but it was not a good dish. Dish presentation was good. To say it's hotel convention food quality would be a disservice to hotels. Usually I would have said something but no one bothered to check in at anytime during the meal. When I asked for the bill, the bartender did ask how things were. I let her know about the sauce and that the dish was meh, she said sorry and there was nothing else. I would have sent back the dish if there was better service but at that point I was famished from not eating all day. I was so unimpressed that I just wanted to cut my losses and leave as soon as possible. Go if you want to be part of the scene. Avoid if you like good food and drinks or good service. Disappointing effort tonight and if this is an example of the food scene here then Charlotte is not a food destination.
3	Occasion was an organizational End of Year event, small/medium-sized group (13).Enjoyed a very nice dinner, Wasabi-crusted Salmon was excellent.  Drink, The Viper, was fantastic, service was great - even turned our corner speaker off when we inquired.So why only 3-stars?  Place obviously caters to the young professional crowd, which I am not.  Lastly, it is very loud (even with our speaker off, it was tough to hold a conversation).
5	Now THIS is what I'm talking about! Every aspect of 5Church has been meticulously thought-out and it shows: excellent, innovative cuisine, beautiful, spacious layout, very modern decor, awesome drinks. Service was professional and prompt. The 5Church-goers are sleek and sexy.Yeah, it can get a bit expensive. But, you know what? You get what you pay for and 5Church is worth every damn penny. If you don't like brilliant, high-quality, premium beverages, there are like a billion shitty bars that serve Bud Light just down the street.
4	For Thanksgiving, we decided to leave the cooking to others and was lucky to get a table at 5Church. Food was amazing, good cocktails, service was average (could have been due to the holiday), ambience and decor was very cool. Since it was Thanksgiving, it was a set menu. Soup was cauliflower, which I was a little skeptical at first, but it was very delicious. Salad was a butter lettuce -very basic. We did have a choice of main and desserts. Our party of 4 all had turkey with the fixings and it was delicious. More than enough food, I actually had leftovers. As for the desserts, we each tried a different one and they were all scrumptious. Will definitely go back to try their regular menu.
4	Pretty good I wouldn't say great but it's the type of place that is trying to push class yet the people have none. The staff does though . Also good on a sat night to find older women
4	I've been here twice as more often to hang out and drink then actually eat dinner.  This place is definitely a "you-get-what-you-pay-for" type place, and you definitely pay.  The prices are high for some food and drinks, but the service for dining was great as the wait staff are knowledgeable and very professional.  I tried the jerk chicken lettuce, which was meh, but the Pork Belly snack was delicious.  I could munch on those all night if I wanted to splurge, as only two pieces were served for a $4 snack dish.  I wouldn't come hungry.But most people probably come here for the atmosphere which doesn't disappoint.  The crowd is impressive and come if you want to be seen.  I'm probably too old for that, but at least the music they were playing was popular in my partying days, which says alot about the age of the crowd.  The only annoying part of the experience was the headlights that would always shine into the restaurant as cars are turning onto Church St. from 5th.  This was a distraction for me, but if you're going to be clubbing afterwards anyways, might as well prepare for the flashing lights here.
5	Before going to a show at the Belk Theater, six of us went to dine at Five Church.  The only slight complaint was the table where our party was seated, near to the front door, especially when the reservation was made several days in advance.  The service was outstanding.  We had the bacon pizza, pork belly snack, and mussels for appetizers.  All were very good.  The tomato sauce over the mussels was excellent.  We had 6 different entrees, all delicious.  My flounder was very good.  My taste of the duck, hanger steak, and short ribs was also very tasty.  Very nice experience!
2	Do not order the 60 second steak!  Burnt on one side, uncooked on the other = disgusting.  As a reference, I always order my steak medium rare, and I did not enjoy this goofball way to prepare a steak one bit.  The chef is reaching too far to try to be trendy and creative, and failing miserably in this case.  Burnt steak is never good, why on earth would anyone think burning one side and cooking the other would be a good idea?  On the plus side, at least they didn't ruin a good price of meat, the steak was very tough to begin with.  A lot of people at our table ordered this steak because the waitress hyped it up so much, and everyone was disappointed in both the quality of the meat and the horrible preparation.
1	God awful service. Worst dining experience I've had in Charlotte and I've lived here for 15 years. No apologies for forgetting our food and drink. Very snooty atmosphere.
5	Walked in like a boss! Felt like one too! The atmosphere at "5Church" is like no other in the City of Charlotte and the writing is on the wall literally. The layout/space at "5Church" took sometime to plan out and you can tell. There's areas to have a special nice dinners, area's to lounge with friends, area's to meet new people and of course a bar that says drink here and feel like a yuppie in a upbeat urban area movie. Yes, the place can get a little loud but it's a restaurant for young people and we are loud naturally. Yes, the prices are a little higher but its not astonishing. When I was looking for a restaurant to choose for the special occasion (2yr anniversary dinner)(not married just together) I was thinking Sullivans but chose "5church" because the prices were moderately better. The service was pretty darn good if you ask me, everyone was polite and very knowledgeable of the menu. Our waiter knew exactly what was on the menu and how things should be prepared. I started the evening off with a Shrimp flat bread... man o' man was this good. My lady ate most of it and then was looking for more. The downfall here for me was the shrimp (it was cocktail shimp) I felt like at a place like this they should of used bigger prawns but who am I to judge because I did enjoy it. The flatbread had boursin cheese on it, I was trying my best to figure out what type of cheese this was the entire time because the waiter had taken our menu's by this time. It reminded me of cream cheese but you can tell it wasn't (it melted just right onto the flat bread). Now along with the cheese and shrimp there was red onions and arugula on the bread. Main Course Time: I had the Grilled Hanger Steak (pictured above). The steak was very juicy and cooked just right. I hate Brussels spouts but as long as you serve them with this steak I'll eat them every day of the week. The potato risotto was a great touch as well. It was sort of like a fresh mashed potato with potato chunks in it. You can't see it in the pic above because its covered by the shallot jus. Altogether this was a damn good dish. My lady on the other hand had the Herb-Brined & roasted chicken. The Chicken was juicier than the steak. I love to brine my chicken so I have to give them 2 thumbs and 2 big toes up with this one. The mashed potatoes for this dish were, meh. I've had better, way better. All together I would definitely be back here and if your in Charlotte you have to come by here. All of the who's who in Charlotte come here, I'm guessing because it's just that type of place. In no time I'm sure this will be the before club hangout spot in CLT! Great job 5church.
2	Not impressed at all!!   Sat at the bar for dinner.   5 bartenders and not one if them knew specials.  Vim style stood around and complained to each other.   The only time they were attentive was when it was time to pay.   Food is ok..  Far better choices in Charlotte...  My advice... Skip it..
4	If I rate 5 Church on their lamb burger alone...it gets five stars.  The dish is unique and super tasty...we ordered it as an appetizer, split six ways.  Next time, we'll be greedy and each order our own lamb burger.  The steaks are really good...I had the 60 second steak (make sure you're OK with rare before you try this as one side will be rare while the other is heavily seared).  After tasting the other more traditional steak preparations at the table, I would order one of those over the 60 second preparation.Plan your visit based on the experience you'd like to have.  This place is chic and trendy.  After 10PM it takes on a club-like atmosphere when they crank up the music and the beautiful people show up for bevs and socializing.  The food is really good so, to really enjoy the meal, plan your dinner so you're out by 9:30-ish.  Or, if you're one of the beautiful people, come for the food and stay for the festivities!
1	Myself and a large group of friends went to 5Church for their New Years Eve party and were treated like garbage. They promised an open bar and full buffet, yet only served dry mashed potatoes and pita chips, while the drinks were completely watered down. They apparently forgot that people need utensils to eat food with because we had to use the hardened pita chips to eat the mashed potatoes, which were tasteless and appeared to have been made from a box.At one point, an extremely rude waitress actually told my friend to "get the fuck out of my way" because she was busy trying to serve the private dinner party that they had booked upstairs. They forgot to bring out the champagne toast at midnight because apparently they do not know how to tell time, and the waitresses snippily refused to serve champagne to many people when they finally decided to do a toast at 12:45 am. All in all, it felt like we were crashing someone else's wedding and were treated by the staff and management as such. I would never recommend going to 5Church based on the fact that their management were so horribly uncaring when people called to voice their concerns and essentially brushed off the entire ordeal.
5	This place is hot for a reason! The decor is inviting, chic and cool all at the same time. The food presentation is very good. The food itself is solid. The muscles are the best I've ever had. I got the scallops this last time and they were perfect. What stands out most to me about 5Church is the staff. They are attentive, kind and good at their jobs. Every time I go, I'm blown away by how great I'm treated. 5Chuch is the whole package.
4	Good food, albeit somewhat limited menu. Very attentive and friendly service. Pleasant atmosphere. Not highest rating b/c weak wine list & extremely miss-priced (overpriced) champaign list.
4	Very attentive and friendly service. Pleasant atmosphere.  we will go back ...
2	Been to 5 Church twice. First time with another couple who picked this restaurant as one of the choices to go to. 2nd time was on my birthday when we had plans to go to another restaurant which turned out they were closed. 5Church is just ok for me. To be honest, I wasn't impressed with it the first time and after the 2nd time definitely wouldn't go back. Its one of those Charlotte restaurants that their ambience prevails over their food. For the price and the attempt to please the sophisticated palate, I'd go elsewhere. I had scallops the first time there (it was okay- not memorable) and steak 2nd time. My steak and my son's pork chops both had the same "barbecue" tasting sauce all over it. For a price tag of $26 and it does not include sides other than the piece of meat sitting on top of mash potatoes and one broccoli. Cocktails were average $12 and not top shelf.
3	Update: we raved about this place to my family. Having gone several times and LOVING it. We took my family out for restaurant week. The food once again was mind blowing, but I was completely disgusted with the service. Our waiter clearly didn't want to be working. He tried rushing us through the meal and didn't produce a smile one time during the course of dinner. The entire point of restaurant week is to get more clientele to your restaurant. Clearly, they were only interested in getting people in and out as quickly as possible. I am also utterly disgusted by the manager. He talked to all the other tables around us, but never us. I'm assuming because we were a younger crowd. Remember that a younger crowd could create better tips because of the extras we like to order. Needless to say, I'm not sure I would recommend this place to others. You can't have great food and poor service. It's a shame, because they will lose return customers like myself.
4	I tried out 5Church last night (1-25-14) thanks in part to restaurant week. My friend had arranged for reservations and when we both arrived, we were seated right away. The lighting was a lot darker than I expected and we kept getting a huge gust of cold air due to the fact that we were seated near the entrance. As a part of the restaurant week menu, I ordered the tomato soup as an app, grilled hanger steak (medium) for entree, and smore's trifle for dessert. For a drink, I ordered a glass of sauv blanc (which was delicious and crisp). The tomato soup was my favorite portion of the meal. It had a hearty consistency, topped with a long, thin crispy bread that was coated with cheese and pesto. It was the perfect utensil for dunking in the soup. The hanger steak was a little chewy for my liking, (I'm not the biggest steak fan though), served with a potato risotto which was perfectly fine. The smore's trifle was good but very sweet! I tasted more chocolate flavor than graham cracker or marshmallow.The most notable aspect of our meal was the attentiveness of our waitress and other waitstaff. Like, EXTREME attentiveness. They all take the job seriously of re-filling your water glass(es), bringing new utensils, 'fluffing' your napkins, and making sure that you're enjoying your meal(s). In a restaurant as busy and as popular as 5Church, the staff makes you feel like you're populating the only table.
3	A-OK sums this place up perfectly.We went for restaurant week, and oddly enough ended up ordering a bunch of apps (not on the price fix menu)....so major fail on that end.Reservation was for 6:15...girlfriend arrived at 6, I was there promptly at 6:15.....and we waited and waited and waited for our table.  What is the point of a reservation I ask you.  Now I'm not a fan of pushing people out, but not once as we were sitting at the bar did the hostess check in with us.  We had to go up to her at around quarter to 7 and finally ask what was the story.  This is why I did not give them 4 stars...the hostesses just couldn't be bothered.  Very young and trendy, or what CLT calls trendy, so probably 'ovah' in a bigger market.But I digress.  Our waiter was also ho hum.  It was loud in there and he had difficulty hearing us.  Instead of perhaps bending down to get a little closer, he rather annoyed like told us to speak louder.  Ok deafy mc deaferson...I'll scream my order next time.  I'm sure the people at the table less than 6 inches from our table will really enjoy that.So onto the food.  It was good.  The bacon pizza yummy, as was the pierogie.  The salad was just meh as was the jerk chicken wraps.Dessert was good according to my girlfriend - she got the smores trifle.  I got the red velvet.  I wasn't feeling the chocolate ganache but that's b/c I'm not a chocoholic, not b/c it wasn't good.  The mussels were good but not very large.So my closing tip to 5 Church...Get rid of the wanna be hipster staff and you'll have a true fan in this yelper.
2	This was our third time dining at 5Church. The first two times the food was spectacular and deserved the price tag next to them, however this most recent visit was different. I'm not sure if the original exec chef is now devoting his time to Nan & Bryons, but quality has gone down. My husband and I started with the shiitake perogies which were good. The dough was nice and flaky and the filling was tasty. No complaints there. We also started with the crab cakes on the snack menu. These were disappointing, the flavor profiles that they used didn't meld together. The sweet apples and raisins mixing with the heavily peppered cakes and bitter shoots left my mouth confused. We then moved onto our mains. My husband ordered the short rib tortellini special and I ordered the scallops which our server promptly suggested when I asked what was best. The short rib filling was well seasoned and packed with flavor, unfortunately the pasta wrapped around it had been seared for a brief second on one side leaving a terrible texture reminiscent of uncooked pasta. The sauce was nice and again they made sure to glob on more pea shoots. My scallops were disappointing. The scallops while cooked perfectly were cold and gritty, two things that make one of my favorite proteins undesirable. The apricot compote was nice and refreshing and added needed citrus to the plate. However the spaghetti squash that sat underneath the whole dish took on a soggy quality and the brussel sprouts came to me cold. We passed on dessert fearing a lack of quality in that dimension as well. Service was decent our server was attentive and made sure we had everything we needed however her bald manager made no attempts to conceal his texting addiction, it's amazing we didn't watch him fall down the stairs. Overall I'm not sure we will return as we were fairly disappointed.
3	I met my girlfriends here for brunch Saturday afternoon. I loved the interior. Especially the storybooks written on the celing! Very nice touch! However, I was a little underwhelmed by the brunch selection.I started with the Bottomless Sangrias. Best part of the whole meal. I really loved that they included all kinds of fresh berries. Delish! I'd definitely recommend them. For my meal I went with the Three Egg Omelet. For my three toppings I went with goat cheese, spinach and shrimp. Meh...it was just okay. It definitely wasn't as fluffy and as filled with toppings as I'd hoped for but it was edible.  I also substituted the home fries for french fries. That was not a good idea. They were not the best fries I've ever tasted. A bit crunchy and burnt not a good combination. I wouldn't order it again. So two stars for the food, an extra star for the sangria. If I come back I'd like to try their dinner menu. But for me there are plenty of other places with better brunch options.
5	Wow, impressive in every way!  Ridiculously good food and service!  The atmosphere is wonderful!  Extensive wine and cocktail list .  Recommend the steaks and wedge salad.  The red velvet torte is like the best ding dong ever!
3	Cool atmosphere. Great weekend hangout -however all 4 times I have eaten here the service was beyond awful every time.
4	Surprisingly good. Excellent service. Very friendly and great comfort food.
3	Cool place. Chic restaurant, friendly hosts, coat rack at door. No complaints here.We came on a super snowy and rare Charlotte day, so I can imagine they were short staffed- but boy. It seemed to take forever to get something to drink. It also took forever to order, get our appetizers, bread... oh, and it also took forever to get our dinner. I had the wasabi salmon and loved it- so it's worth another try. This seemed to be the place that all my friend who had visited Charlotte had suggested I dine at once I moved here- I can see why, since it's a pretty cool space and the food is good, but service left much to be desired. Even a brief apology would have sufficed. I live nearby though- we'll give it another whirl soon.
4	Round two! I came again last night after making an Open Table reservation for my boyfriend and a client who was in town from San Francisco. I was impressed by the food last week and decided to give it another whirl- interesting menu options and great ambiance. We were a little late (10-15 minutes) but they didn't blink an eye- our table was ready for us and we were greeted right away by our server. Definitely an improvement from last time! We ordered the mussel appetizer (delicious) and I had the scallops (was torn between that and the NC flounder) and BF got the famous lamb burger. Everything was delicious. Our server was super nice and delivered everything quickly, wasn't obtrusive yet friendly. All in all, great dinner. I think our company enjoyed it very much, too.
5	Took my girlfriend here on 2/24/14 and had an unbelievable experience. Manager gave us personal service, waiter Doug was awesome. Food was great couldn't have asked for more. Highly recommend this establishment.
4	Great food, a couple hiccups with the service, but the staff definitely made up for it in the end. Went here to celebrate my husbands birthday; they acknowledged it with a card and coupon for 10% off the next visit. This place was trendy with a slightly hipster vibe. We had the szechuan pork belly snack which was delicious. Complimentary focaccia bread was good. I ordered a wedge salad and the wasabi encrusted salmon while my hubby ordered the "chefs special" 60 second steak. The entrees came out with no hint of my salad, and our waiter noticed and got it sent out compliments of the house. My husband's steak also came out without a knife, and when my salad came out finally, it lacked one also. However, the food was delicious! We also got the Smores dessert, which also was comped for the birthday! That was unexpected, and it was tasty to boot.
4	5Church is a Solid Date Night spot. Not too loud, great space, and friendly service. Get the Sea Scallops. Maybe the most delicious thing I've ever eaten. .
2	This is not the place if you're looking for great food. Their cocktails are fab! The atmosphere is trendy and cool. We ordered a table full of appies. Mussels, meatballs, lettuce wrap, pierogies and Brussels sprouts with bacon. Mussels and Brussels sprouts were actually pretty good, not amazing. The meatballs, pierogies and lettuce wraps were incredibly dry and flavorless! Us being big dessert people, we thought maybe if we ordered 2 of the waitress' favs,this place could redeem itself. We got the white chocolate cheesecake and the red velvet. Boy were we disappointed. Both had a lingering flavor of sitting in the fridge uncovered. All in all, we would not return unless only to have cocktails! **warning** DO NOT ORDER FOOD HERE, YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED
5	If there is such thing as Restaurant Heaven, it can be found at 5 Church.  The decor is gothic beauty.  I especially love the winged light fixtures at the bar.We were seated immediately although we had no reservations.  Our sever was upbeat, professional, and on it!  Plus, other servers were diligent about keeping our table free of finished plates and glasses.My man and I ordered the mussels, creamed spinach, and a cheese plate.  Although the mussels were the tiniest we ever saw, they had the most delectable garlic wine cream sauce.  The cheese plate featured yummy cheese, tapenade, chutney, bread, olives and peppers.  The spinach was a nice addition to the other two plates.  So good that even though I just ate dinner at home an hour ago, my mouth is watering just thinking about it.5 Church, I look forward to walking through your pearly gates again.
2	Been here a few different times and each visit I get a different/weird experience.  It's either great service with a well-informed knowledgeable server or a complete train wreck that results in something being offered for free. I feel like this place is so close to being a great part of Charlotte and a unique restaurant that everyone can be proud of...but it's not there yet.
4	5 church is probably one of the best date and meet up spots in Charlotte for 30+ professionals. I would rate the food 4 stars and the atmosphere 4.5 stars. It is crowded and a little loud on the weekends but worth a stop.
3	Went for dinner with family. Service was attentive. Had a weird water taste in one of my pitchers.. I'm not picky but maybe they didn't rinse well or something.Local beers on tap (had the local kolch) was good.Most of the stars Goto the ambience and potential for a friend get together with tapas or appetizers and drinks.Dinner... Was ok.I had the pork chop and it was a little undercooked. The sides were good, the mashed potatoes were delicious. That's my other star.Bottom line: dinner was good not great. Music was a little loud for intimate dinner with family. Ambience was wonderful and modern. Meeting for drinks with friends and appetizers would be great!
4	This was my first time going to 5 church to actually eat except for a yelp event last year.  I was pretty impressed with the service, the food and the ambiance.  Food:  I actually wasn't THAT impressed with the menu options.  I mean they had a couple things to choose from but nothing stood out as unique and nothing tempted me.  They have steaks, a chicken dish, salmon but so what.  So, we decided to just order a bunch of appetizers and sides to enjoy a variety from the menu.  We started with the black bean hummus and fried calamari and both were very good.  The hummus was a pretty good size portion considering it was only $4 and it was served with yummy flat bread/chips.  The calamari was very good--not too much breading, not too chewy, fresh, crispy, etc.  It was served with some type of spicy dipping sauce that was different than anything I have had before but also very good.  Next we went with the bacon pizza and a side of broccoli (random I know).  The pizza was so good.  Thin crust doesn't even describe it...it was more like no crust but it was still very tasty.  The cheese was just enough and the bacon pieces were plump and crispy.  It came out piping hot.  The broccoli was supposed to be family-size but it was more like small child size.  However, the broccoli was marinated in garlic and olive oil and it was cooked to perfection.  I mean my breath was hot for 2 days after due to the amount of garlic but it was worth it!  The drink menu was plentiful but the prices were a bit high.  They offered very few glasses of wine but they had plenty of other beers, cocktails, etc.Service:  The service was very good by way of attentiveness.  I wouldn't say the crew was the most professional or polished in their approach but there were pretty available and efficient when needed and overall very friendly.  Ambiance:  Such a cool looking restaurant.  I love how they decorated it....it has a gothic, chic, trendy feel.  It is just gorgeous.  The nightlife scene is pretty hopping after the dinner hours.  It has a more mature crowd I would say overall but quite a few young professionals.  Good food, nice atmosphere.  I will be back.
3	This place is designed to the nines ... or designed within an inch of its life. It's certainly very striking, what with "The Art of War" by Sun Tzu written out by hand on the ceiling and all of the art and trimmings. We went with the prix fixe menu ($40 + the wine pairing for another $15) to get a good sampling of 5Church's wares. Shot the shit with a very genial and good-natured barkeep, who handled us well. The food was ... fine. My steak was fantastic, but everything else was just kind of fine. Too many things going on with the desserts and the sides were a little paltry, but the food was fine.Their cocktail menu could be better. The ones the bartender made were totally fine, and appeared as they were advertised in the menu, but 5Church would definitely benefit from cocktail consultants coming in and developing on a small but tight cocktail program. 5Church also needs to overhaul their spirits selection a bit, too. It's dated. Better to have a really nice (refrigerated) vermouth than 9 trillion different kinds of flavored vodka. I know,  I know: "Give the people what they want." But trust me, sometimes it works to everyone's advantage when you offer people something they didn't know they wanted. They'll pay for it. 5Church is styled well (and still young) -- it is positioned well for becoming the one place in Charlotte that's really good for mixed cocktails.
4	Good food and vibe,l but stay away from the monkfish
4	Food good but not wow. Our group had mussels, Pasta bolognese and short ribs. Although all the dishes were good, the pasta Bolognese was particularly exceptional. Didn't care for the bread at all. Try George's, Brios or Toscana for good bread and butter. As others have said it's a modern, vibrant environment. It's a nice restaurant and we enjoyed the evening, but no dish was such that we said we can't wait to come back.
5	This restaurant was so good!! Our server helped us decide on what to order and was very helpful is describing the menu. We started with the romaine wedge which was delightful and enough for two to share. We also had the pork belly gnocchi which was amazing!! For our main course we had steak with Gorgonzola fondue with mashed potatoes.. Simply amazing! Will definitely be going back again!!They have a DJ that starts playing on Friday/Saturday nights at 9pm. He was very good. Would be a fun place to meet up and have drinks as well. Will definitely be going back!!
4	(This review is for Sunday Brunch service)Let me be honest. I didn't particularly like 5Church in my previous visits (ever since they first opened). I have had a big group birthday dinner here before. The service was nothing to write home about. I have had a Yelp event here (a long while back). I didn't think the food was particularly impressive, especially for the price. The only thing I ever recommend others to order here was the hanger steak. Hey, at least you get some substance for what you fork out and won't go starving afterward.So why all of the sudden I'm a fan? Here is the prime example on how great service can turn a mediocre dining experience into a great one. My brunching friends picked 5Church yesterday, mostly because they have bottomless mimosa ($12; they also offer bottomless sangria for $10 but they were out of sangria). Plus they all live uptown, so this is walking distance and rarely has a wait on Sundays. Unfortunately for me (who don't live uptown), I had to find parking. Peeps, keep an eye out for the Knights schedule. If they're having a Sunday afternoon home game, that means all the lots are at least $5, and half of on street meter spots are off limit. Somehow 4 loops later I got the blessing of the parking god and got a sweet on street spot on Trade. I was the last one arriving. We were seated by the windows in the far right. Michelle (from NY) was our waitress. She was fabulous. In fact she earned the extra star for this review. It was her birthday, and she's working, and she's cheerful. She didn't strand us with empty mimosa glasses. (NOTHING pisses me off more than bottomless mimosa that leaves my glass empty more often than full). The food... was ok. I had the make-your-own-omelete. For $8 I wouldn't complain. I picked shrimp, spinach & mushrooms as my 3 fillings. It came with home fries and toasts. Good portion; eggs were a little overcooked (not fluffy) but tasted ok. I also had a taste of the waffle which was very sweet and cake-y. 2 people ordered the oysters po-boy, which was very sizable as well. They did say that the bread was a little much to eat through so it became more of a open face sandwich for them.But the positive and fun attitude Michelle brought to the table was priceless. It took her a second to figure out that we're just a bunch of mimosa drinking fools, and she did her part to keep the refreshing bubblies coming. She helped one of our friends to plug in his cell phone. She shared short stories about her hometown. THIS is how service should be.Thus even though the food was "just ok," because of the surprisingly affordable price and this oddly positive service experience, I'm giving 5Church a 4-star for their brunch.
4	Great food! Fantastic service! Unreal atmosphere! The zucchini sliders were outbid this world! Enough said.
4	I love this place! It was recommended to me when we first moved to Charlotte. I tried scallops (which were very tasty). Highly recommend! The ambiance is great too.
5	Charlotte is one of my favorite cities to visit and 5Church turned out to be a great (and lucky) random dinner pick.First, they have free valet parking, which is about as perfect as it is rare, considering this restaurant is in a lively area near the new baseball stadium. And the valets quite literally sprint to get your car.The restaurant itself is very chic. On the left is a lengthy bar area backdropped by an enormous wine rack. There are a couple of TVs positioned high that I'd imagine are near impossible to see. This isn't the type of bar that even needs TVs.The ceiling is scrawled with phrases (poetry?). The tables and booths are plush and comfortable. The menu is a mix between small plates, high end steaks and sandwiches and seafood. The lamb burger was the best I've ever had. Perfectly tender (just right at medium) and slathered with red onion marmalade, gorgonzola and arugula. I devoured it. Four large confit potatoes (really supersized french fries) were a pleasing side, as was the curry-like dipping sauce. My friend raved about the herb-brined and roasted chicken.I had a "new fashioned," which tasted like a typical, strong old fashioned and a local draft beer. The cocktail menu is solid, but no better than the bars around my home.The lamb burger, cocktail and beer came to less than $30 after tax. Very reasonable. I feel hesitant giving 5 stars after just one visit, but when my biggest complaint are the elevated TVs, I'd say it's worth it.
5	What a great brunch experience! Loved the BOTTOMLESS mimosas on Sundays (After Noon due to NC Law) for $12. I had the crab cakes and poached egg - it was fresh, flavorful, and despite not being enormous, was plenty filling. My husband had the steak and eggs, with fries, and it was great too. Not sure what they do with their fries, but they were delicious! The ceiling has this unique writing on it - it's like matte black and then someone spent unimaginable hours writing unique phrases all over the ceiling. Adds a nice (but upscale still) eclectic flair. We enjoyed it and our server "Doug" was always on point.
4	Sunday brunch was great. Food was great had the pizza. Had the bottomless mimosas and the server keep our glasses full which was great.
4	I have been to 5Church a handful of times.  The service is great and the decor is nice.  The first time I went, we sat upstairs in the mezzanine which is a great place to sit for large parties.  Three things on their menu that I have had and I recommend are the pork belly, scallops, Brussell sprouts, and for brunch the crab cakes!  I have also tried whatever people ordered that I was with and everything is pretty good!
5	We had dinner here last night (5/17/14) with a group of friends. I would rate my dinner as one of my best of 2014 so far! It was delicious in every way! I started with a glass of Zinfandel from the bar that was massive. A friend had the wild berry Mojito. That's definitely on my list for the next time! It was amazing! Then I had the local field greens salad. Delicious and a very large portion. I ordered the 60 second strip. Delicious. Cooked to perfection. Paired with the bleu cheese sauce and asparagus...couldn't have been better. Finished up with the white chocolate cheesecake. Perfection. Visually beautiful and equally tasty. I highly recommend 5Church on any given day! And the free valet topped of impeccable service inside and out.
4	Very good food. Love the decor and ambiance. It's a very trendy spot and typically stays busy. The service isn't always the best but the food makes up for it.
5	This restaurant is by far one of the most delicious restaurants of Charlotte. My boyfriend and I go here every time we celebrate something and there is a reason for that because going to this restaurant is an absolute treat. I've gotten the crispy tofu (which was divine) and the flank steak before and my boyfriend just recently got the brined chicken which you literally didn't even need a knife to cut with. Not only is their good delicious but their staff has always been very generous and have seemed to care about their customers.  My boyfriend and I love coming back here because of a brilliant food, attentive wait staff and chic ambiance.
5	I'd say this was a 4.5 star experience, but am upping it up to 5 because of the service!Date night Friday and we started with the duck confit perogies. Who puts duck confit on a perogie? 5Church that's who. And they were savory and delicious....But the cheese plate stole the show! I've had a LOT of cheese plates in Charlotte, and this I have to say is THE best cheese plate I've had so far. Why? They put Burrata on the plate that's why! If you don't know what that is, Google it. It will change your life! Then the put a Hungarian style Feta cheese with a tapenade, and a very delicious Italian hard cheese (similar to Parmesean but better) paired with a sweet apricot compote. Wow was that ever delicious combo!Entree's - my date had the scallops (always good) and I opted for the 14oz bone in ribeye at our Waiter's suggestion. Well he was RIGHT! Good one Doug because the steak was outstanding! Cooked to med-rare perfection and served with their house made Bearnaise sauce! Wow was that like liquid gold. Dessert - we decided to split one, and Doug our waiter said that their Smores was "by far" their best dessert! So we got it, and it was delicious! They said something about a brownie, but it was more like a flourless torte. Who cares, it was AWESOME!They have a nice wine list, but it is pricey. You may want to see how much their corkage fee is and bring your own bottle of wine when you come. But overall this was a marvelous dinner! Highly recommended!
3	I'm not sure what's going on with the decor here. It's sort of gothic and kind of trendy, but mainly just weird. We were looking for a trendy and romantic spot to celebrate my bf's birthday, but the restaurant was loud and full of groups from a conference.The food was good, but not particularly memorable. We started with the shrimp flatbread, I had the roasted chicken at the recommendation of the server (it was fine), and my bf had the filet (he was very happy with it). Our server also recommended the viper cocktail which sounded awesome, but was actually a bit boring. We ended our meal with the smores dessert, a very sweet brownie with marshmallow fluff on top...so not smores at all, but still good.I love that they have a bunch of local brews on tap and hear that they have bottomless mimosas at brunch. I will definitely give it a try for brunch, but may not be back for dinner.
2	Recently went to 5Church on a Saturday evening. Was excited to try this place, and have heard good things. Our reservation was late...8:30pm. I guess because of the hour this place felt more like a club, than a restaurant. At any rate the atmosphere was pretty cool and we were immediately shown to our table. We ordered cocktails. I was excited for a dirty martini because this place looked like they would know their way around a cocktail. The rest of my party (6 total) ordered cocktails, and in about 10 minutes another server was back with our drinks. He was pretty confused and had messed up most of my orders. One martini came with no olives, and my friends scotch was served with a lime...which was new. They fixed our drinks and we took a look at the menu. I had a steak. Everyone was asked what temp to cook their steak at, except me. It was so loud I just didn't think about it till my steak came and it was practically still mooing. I needed it to be about medium. They took it back, and everyone else ate while I waited for my meal to be re-fired. When it got back to me it was just OK. A little tougher than you would hope from a 40.00 steak. The mashed potatoes were good, and the gorgonzola cream sauce that accompanied the steak was also yummy...heavy, but that was to be expected. After dinner we ordered dessert. We chose the chocolate flourless cake. This was the most disappointing dessert I have ever had...ANYWHERE. The waitress brings the dessert knowing that everyone at the table wanted a taste, and it is literally the smallest thing I have ever seen. The entire dessert measured 1/2 inch high, and 1.5 inches long. Not even enough for everyone to have a small bite. It was almost as if they had run out...and gave us scraps. I won't go to 5church again. Me and my husbands total was 210.00 and we both agreed we would have been happier, and fuller if we had dined somewhere else.
4	We stopped in for lunch on our last day in Charlotte and were happy with our selection.The Great:  +  $10 lunch special - any sandwich (other than the lamb burger), fries and a drink.  I got the chicken souvlakia sandwich.  Delish.  The fries were crispy and fresh and the bottomless iced tea was a nice touch.+  Our server.  I don't remember her name, but she was short and blond and completely awesome.  Friendly, funny and helpful.  Boom.The Average:o  It was a bit dark inside and with the place being so large it felt really empty.Overall, a solid 4-star lunch experience.
4	Went here last Sunday fro brunch with my family. There was no wait, and the service was good. I usually got at night for dinner but the brunch was nice. The bottomless mimosa and sangria are a nice topping to the unique brunch menu.
3	I really really really wanted the food to be awesome because the menu sounds so creative and delicious. But it was just ok for me. Nothing spectacular.
4	I've eaten here a couple of times now. Food has been excellent. I've had steak, pork chop and lamb burger, all have been cooked perfectly. Nice space, good service, what more could I ask?
5	First time here for dinner. Great food although it did come out a little fast.  Appetizers were done and dinner was literally right there.  almost felt rushed.  The charcuterie was awesome as was the cheese platter.  I did the 60 second steak.  Seared for 60 seconds on one aide. Great with the Gorgonzola sauce.  I'm gluten free and they accommodated me perfectly.  After dinner we went to the bar and hung out during the Stanley cup.  Brian is an awesome bartender I know from his old bar job in Cornelius.  He took care of he but was awesome to first timers as well as old friends.  All the bartenders were great. Good attitude.   Good personalities.  At night it is quite an awesome atmosphere as well.  Very cosmopolitan - out of New York, Chicago or Atlanta.  I will Definately make this one of my frequent places when I crave the uptown scene.
5	Finally had the chance to have dinner at 5Church on Saturday night. It is my new favorite; the food and service was some of the best I have ever experienced.I had the scallops and they were incredible; everything on the plate had a role to play. My wife very much enjoyed the filet. The filet had a perfect crust on each side and was cooked to temp perfectly. The corn soup was also perfectly balanced with a rich creamy texture. I find myself craving the soup and scallops now. Can't wait for our next visit. All the recognition and awards 5Church has received is well deserved.
1	I wouldn't recommend going here. Apart from very poor service, the food wasn't really great. The only thing good on my plate were the fries. The lady who served us forgot a couple of our drink orders and when she finally did bring them to us, one of them had something floating in it.
3	Friendly waitstaff, although all the tattos really give the place a sort of vibe that i was not expecting. Definitely overpriced, but if you're looking for divorcees..this is the place!
4	Went to 5Church with a buddy after a 5K one evening.  As this was my first time there, I was unsure what to expect.  I had heard lots about this new, jumping, spot Uptown, but the descriptions were always a bit vague as to why exactly it was so good.......well allow me, if I may, to go into some detail about what exactly makes 5Church pop......First, the service;  its top notch.  Our server was extremely pleasant and polite and she was very understanding of the fact that we were with a hodgepodge group of friends and that people were ordering food and drinks at all different times.  Yet and still, she was on-point with the service and she was very accurate with the checks at the end of the night as well - no problems splitting the check.  She was quick to refill drinks or to ask if we needed more adult beverages, which of course we always did.Second, the food.  The food was excellent.  We split the "Bacon Pizza" as an appetizer.  It tasted very fresh, and made to order.  It was thin slice/flat bread, which I am not normally a fan of, but the bacon really made the pie explode in my mouth (That's what she said, LOL).  For my main course, I ordered the Grilled Hanger Steak.  The words savory and exquisite come to mind when I think about the Hanger Steak  It was cooked perfectly, and had a wonderful grilled, smokey flavor to it.  Third, the uniqueness.  Though they had plenty of tables, my buddy and I sat on leather couches with the rest of our friends and had a very enjoyable dinner.  I have never been to an establishment that married the lounge/tapas vibe with that classy, restaurant taste, and service, as well as 5Church.  I would definitely recommend this place if you are looking for something different, and a little hipper than you standard, upscale steakhouse.
2	I hate to give this place a low rating but I wasn't a fan.We ate here a few months ago for our Valentine's Day dinner. I'd been wanting to try this place out for awhile & was really looking forward to our meal! Between my BF & I, we had 3 cocktails, 2 snacks, 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 1 side item. The bill was around $120 (not including the tip), which I thought would've been fair if the majority of food & drinks we had were actually good.The 3 cocktails we ordered were the New-Fashioned, Viper, & the 5Church. Both the New-Fashioned & the 5Church sounded great on paper but were executed poorly. They were really watered down.. Gross. The New-Fashioned was supposed to be rimmed with nuts, which is already weird, but it's the NEW-Fashioned so just go with it, right? Mine was only halfway rimmed- sloppy presentation. The Viper, made up of Patron Silver, orange liqueur, lime juice, cucumber water, & cayenne pepper, was an interesting combination & surprisingly a really good one! It was refreshing with a little kick to it. So 1 out of 3 cocktails were acceptable. KFor our 2 snacks, BF got the Szechuan Pork Belly & I got the Black Bean Hummus. On the menu, it states that the Black Bean Hummus comes with grilled flat bread. Awesome, I love flat bread! Well, grilled flat bread my ass. I was expecting something pillowy & soft. What I got instead were extremely salty, nasty pita chips. Totally INEDIBLE. Whoever wrote the description on the menu obviously didn't know the difference between GRILLED & FRIED. Here's a tip 5Church: How about don't write something misleading on the menu next time? The hummus itself was pretty tasty so I ended up eating the hummus by itself. BF said the Pork Belly was pretty good, but kind of salty.The 2 apps we ordered were the Truffled Shiitake Mushroom Pierogies and Artisan Cheese Selection. The Pierogies were my favorite part of the meal. Buttery, crisp exterior and flavorful filling. AND NOT TOO SALTY. Perfect. The cheese plate consisted of 3 different types of cheeses, 2 types of fruit preserves, olive tapenade, and were served with crostini, sweet peppers, and olives. The cheeses were good, but I didn't really care for any of the accompaniments, besides the peppers and olives.BF had the Scallop entree and I ordered the Crispy Marinated Tofu. The tofu comes with sauteed spinach, kimchi, and green beans. The tofu didn't taste like it was marinated. The only flavor I got from it was salt from the breading. The spinach and green beans were the best part of the entree. The kimchi was such a FAIL. Now, I know that being half Korean, I can't really get my hopes up about finding good kimchi anywhere, besides my mom's. I also know that the kimchi that was on my plate SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN SERVED. It was ridiculously salty, gingery, & dry.. Just disgusting and a sad, pathetic excuse for kimchi. I never do this, but I took one bite and immediately spit it back out. Only someone with fucked up taste buds would actually swallow that crap. BF's scallops were decent but he said they were a little heavy-handed with the salt as well.Finally my side. I got the Creamy Mashed Potatoes because I love mashed potatoes! I thought it was a little pricy for a SIDE ($7) but changed my mind when I saw the HUGE serving of what I thought would be deliciousness. Well guess what, it was extremely salty. Big surprise, no? It wasn't as terrible as the kimchi, but I could only stand to eat a few bites of it. There are a few redeeming qualities. Our server was on top of it for such a busy night. Our food & drinks came out in a timely manner and our waters never got less than halfway full. I also loved the whole ambiance of the restaurant. Dark, trendy atmosphere and they really paid attention to detail when decorating the place. It really looked like a great date spot. So, points for that.If you like excessively salty foods, you will probably love this restaurant. If you're someone with normal taste buds, you have been warned. I might try this restaurant again one day but I'm definitely not in any rush.
4	I went here today with a couple of friends of mine from work. I ordered the $10 lunch special that includes a sandwich, a side of fries and a drink. Food was good.  Definitely worth the $10. The highlight of the meal though, was the absolutely divine flourless chocolate cake, served espresso creme, salted caramel and toasted hazelnuts. I almost licked my plate clean.I didn't quite get the theme of the decorations of the place but I didn't mind it. The ambience was pretty good. Seating was comfortable and almost private. Overall, a great experience, I definitely will go back again for the dessert. I give 5church a 4 star rating. I didn't give it 5 simply because of the not so great first time experience with them.
5	From the moment we walked in the door the staff there was so nice.  Doug, our server gave wonderful food and drink recommendations and was very attentive. The food was AMAZING, I loved the roasted corn soup.
5	bottomless sangria and mimosa brunch. enough said. ... good food too.
3	Tried 5church on a Saturday night with my bf, didn't make a reservation so we had to wait about 20 minutes but the time passed quickly as we sat at the bar, enjoyed a drink and the ornately decorated interior. It was restaurant week so we got to order three course meals for $30 (or so we thought...had a few hidden fees including $7 bottle of water and $7 up charge for filet which was not mentioned on the menu or by the server) The service was very slow and the server was unapologetic for the amount of time that passed between courses. She did little to enhance the dining experience in the mean time and messed up our appetizer order but corrected it with out any remorse. I thought maybe it was because we were sitting outside and therefore easily forgotten but the tables around us were getting an average amount of attention. Then we thought it was because we were younger and perhaps she thought we didn't have much money to throw around. Whatever the reason, the experience was not a good one which is a shame because the food is very very good (and a bit pricey). As a vegetarian, the only dish I could have was the fried tofu and kimchi, but it was great! Very different, very tasty. Next time we are in Charlotte, we will be trying other places before returning to 5church.
4	Great cocktails (the gin fizz was a hit with both me and my husband) and the little snack plates are a fun way to kick off your meal while you peruse the menu. My husband ordered the catfish and loved it while I got the crispy tofu which was tasty but I'd probably order something else next time which might be saying something. We had great service (very friendly!) and our meals came out fast! Would be a great place to take out-of-towners.
5	So got a chance to try 5Church for restirant week. Heard of all the awards so I had high hopes coming in this dinner. Kudos they did not disappoint. The three course was awesome from start to finish. I got the Quinoa Tabbouleh, Grilled Atlantic Salmon,  and the S' mores Trifle. The quinoa was lite and refreshing.  the salmon was grilled prefectly. The asian veggie salad that accompanied it gave it that brust of flavor. Then you have the soy-jalepeno vinaigrette made the dish sing. The chef did a great job on pair theese flavors together. Last but not least the desert.  The trifle was creamy and rich. Not too sweet and the marshmallows topping was fluffy airy. The decor is clean, unique, and electic. Staff was great a well. Water glass stayed full and the food recommendations were great.  5Church truely lives up to the awards they have received.  You not be disappointed. Feliz Comiendo
2	Ambiance is nice and drinks are still good (but overpriced). Service is excellent. My downgraded review is due solely to the lack of variety for vegetarian options. While the other meat entrees change over time, there has only ever been one vegetarian entree since 5Church opened: kimchi tofu. And it's not good at all. PLEASE offer a new vegetarian entree!!
4	We ended up at 5Church after the Liverpool vs AC Milan match. It was absolutely packed and the wait was 30-45 minutes for inside seating. They had tables available outside that weren't being used so we asked to sit outside. Honestly, the staff seemed completely overwhelmed EXCEPT for our 2 waitresses who appeared to be tag teaming the outdoor tables. We ordered appetizers that the runners ended up taking to the incorrect table and didn't realize it. We ended up getting the Calamari and lettuce wraps after our entrees came out but the comped them so it was fine.The real stars were our lambBurger and Bolognese. Absolutely amazing
3	Atmosphere is very eclectic. I ordered the 3 egg omelet and was not a good value buy. Adding ingredients with the three is way too expensive. Overall the place is okay but I wouldn't come here again.
4	The service and food here was fantastic! We came here because of the reviews and it lived up to them entirely. We actually were surprised to find out they had a $30 prix fix style menu I believe. You got a few choices for starter, dinner and dessert. I HIGHLY recommend doing that. Below is the food we got:-Corn chowder- creamy base, very good, lots of corn in it-local greens- who doesn't love goat cheese on a salad? Yum!-Salmon (we all got it)- fantastic, nice crisp, flavorful, the soy vinegarette complimented it well, cooked perfectly-white chocolate cheesecake- very good and dense- just like a cheesecake should be-red velvet torte- good but didn't have that "bam-red velvet" taste-s'mores trifle- the favorite hands down. It tasted like a s'more with a warm brownie base! Yumx3!So the food and service was great! My only complaint was the bathrooms. The ladies bathroom downstairs has 2 stalls and both were out of toliet paper- no biggie- I asked the hostess for more. She looked and couldn't find any, so she asked the manager who also could not find any. They then sent me upstairs to use that bathroom. The manager walked in before me (which I thought was strange as it was a man) and I walked in to find a single stall with no one in there. There is a second door that was unlocked going into the kitchen. So basically I was using the employees bathroom and boy did it stink!!!! It smelled like dirty wet gym socks that have been locked in there for a week. It was awful. And on top of it, it was awkward because how is the kitchen staff supposed to know that someone is in there so I locked that door- probably locking the staff out of the bathroom (oops- but I didn't want someone walking in on me). I later overheard the manager saying something about  not having any toliet paper- which I thought was very strange. So loss of a star for the facilites not being kept up.
3	The service ruined the meal here. Unfortunately the waiter neglected to tell me they were out of the dish I or ended until 20 or 30 minutes after I ordered it. When my second choice arrived it was very good, however. The interior is modern and pleasant and the food is interesting. All in all, I think there are better choices in uptown at the same price point.
1	It's unfortunate when the establishment is known for great food but has awfully, horrid service. Today was no different. Perhaps I'm so critical because I was a server for many years.Our brunch was delish...once it was finally served but it was quite the chore to get condiments to our table. Even the manager asked if we needed anything else and when we told him condiments it went unacknowledged. There was also someone's hair in my water, thank goodness for my alternate drink (let's hope no additional unwarranted items were in that as well). The server was lucky to have received a gratuity at all, but we left 15% (low for us) and left without speaking to the manager since he wouldn't be of any help anyways.
3	Come for the LAMB BURGER which is AMAZING.  Nothing else.  The duck confit "pierogis" are not pierogi (and there was only 1).  I can't even remember what my husband ate, it was that unmemorable.
5	Delicious. Fast, informed, friendly service. Cool, energetic space that wasn't too loud. Great location.
4	I went here late night with some friends while in town for a bridal shower/bachelorette. very cool hip ambiance with classy decor. The cocktails were excellent. The New Fashioned is one of the best I've ever had. and the smores trifle?!?! AMAZING. I seriously was sad when I finished this dessert. I do not typically like very rich chocolate things but the marshmallow cream on top was a great touch. Will definitely return when visiting Charlotte.
4	This is one of my fav restaurants in Charlotte - modern, upscale but not uptight. Great food and energy. And, if you want a fab cocktail, I highly recommend the Viper. You're welcome.
4	went here to grab drinks and small plates with friendsi got the tomato salad which came with a crostini with an olive spread- good!also got the black bean hummus which came with yummy chipsgood service and good ambiance! would go again to grab drinks
1	We were looking forward to dining here after reading the mostly positive reviews on Yelp and Open Table. To say that we were disappointed would be an understatement. We had 5:15pm reservations. That was the only thing that went right with us being seated immediately. We informed the hostess and our waitress that we had an event to go to at 7:00pm and that we would need to leave no later than 6:45pm. "No problem". WRONG! Major problem(s)! Here are the issues:1)   10 minutes to get drinks. (draft beer and a mixed drink)2)   Our order did not get entered into the kitchen until 5:50pm3)   Wife's appetizer came out wrong. Told waitress she cannot eat onions. Yup! Pizza had onions. "No problem", we'll get another one out. Never saw it. My corn soup was good (make that the other thing that was right)4)   Meals did not come out of kitchen until 6:40pm despite telling the waitress and manager we were up against the clock. Well, three out of for did. Wife's came out a few minutes later. She enjoyed the three bites she took (pasta dish with meat sauce). My steak came out raw (ordered medium rare). Inedible. Can't comment on the other two dishes ordered by the other couple. Well, here it is 6:45pm and we gotta go. Manager did come over to apologize and to comp our meal. Not a word of apology from our ineffective/ incompetent waitress.So... here are the positives -. Good beer. Good bread. Good corn soup. Really cool decor. Art of War written on the ceiling. I had to take a really good look at it because I won't be coming back.
1	Aweful!  We had a reservation at Capital Grille however concierge service at Ritz Carlton suggested we change to Five Church.  The staff is very pleasant. The ambiance is average.  The food is less then average and bland.  The menu is limited.  It was very disappointing.
2	The setting is stylish - but feels like they are trying too hard.  Everything is a little predictable.  That said, the lunch menu is not predictable and looked promising.  Unfortunately, everything was a little heavy and a little greasy.  There is a lot of potential, but lacking in delivery and certainly not worth the cost.
1	So this place earlier was some Irish pub and then they renovated and opened up as 5 Church. This swanky place is as terrible as it could be. The menu is awfully small and yet they take forever to cook the ordinary food. Do not even consider going there if you are a large group. We went as a team of 15 for lunch and while it wasn't much crowded, the servers were totally clueless and had no basic manners in treating people. The food took so long to come (just basic sandwiches and fries) that they gave the checks to everyone even before the food was out. This is the only place I have ever paid first without even getting the food. At last the food came out and the servers once again had no idea whom to serve what. They never even apologized for late food or poor service, neither they had any smile or seemed happy to be serving. Nor did any manager came to apologize. And the quantity of the food is also really small.Their main focus is still on bar and drinks. Their bar is so big, probably that's why this terrible place is surviving as its close to all the pubs in the area and the location is right in the city center. The awful SMALL menu, absolutely terrible service and overly decorated interiors. This is definitely one of Charlotte's worst place that looks good from outside but is absolutely terrible. I won't recommend this to anyone at all.
4	The place is pretty uppity, but the food is delicious!! There is an upstairs, midlevel & downstairs areas. Very swanky/hipster style atmosphere. Fun style that all the servers wear chucks!! Giedre, was our server - took a title warming up to, but she was wonderful!!Best Tip about this place: $36 for the Prime "60 Second" NY Strip Steak - WORTH DOUBLE, most mouthwatering steak I have ever tasted!!
5	Phenomenal customer service! Best experience in Charlotte! Food incredible! Hope that sums it up!
3	Fun ambiance, great drinks... Mediocre food.Mussels came out undercooked and chef refused to fix them.
4	Good late night vibe. Good people.. For a nice restaurant/bar in uptown, I would expect them to be up to par on the cleanliness of the restrooms, but not so much.
2	5Church has good food, but a very limited menu, and but the service is horrible. I have been there several times and it's always the same. Three of many examples: 1. Workday lunch: hostess aloof, got a table, sat down for 10 minutes, no one came over even to get us drinks. Got up and left and no one noticed. They weren't busy it was before the rush2. Another workday lunch: Came again before the rush at 11:30. In fact I was the FIRST customer. I sat down and no one came to say hello or get my drink order for nearly 10 minutes until I got tired of waiting and went to the bar and complained. At the same time, a large group came in AFTER me, and the server got their drink orders and drinks and took their order for their meal.3. Drinks and small plates: I went there for drinks and small plates with a group of friends one evening. The food and drinks were good, but took forever and half the time we had to get up and get drinks from the bar instead of our server.
4	Alright Church-goers, there's been some changes. Bottom line, I still like it. And I see many reviews about the new menus and prices already. The ten dollar lunch menu was the best. Now the lunch menus don't come with a free drink. And they all have different price. The smoked turkey sandwich for example,  got bigger and less greasy. The fries are less salty too. So it might better suit some people. I liked it too. But I would say I liked the old deal better.The service still rocks. Genna (?) was awesome. We were wondering if it was in Fourth ward. She wasn't sure so she looked it up and came back with an answer even though we said nevermind.I'll still go for lunch every week.
3	I came here with friends for brunch because who doesn't want bottomless mimosas? We tried the lamb burger, crab cakes, and pizza. Everything tastes good, but the portions were small especially with the price. The breakfast pizza was my favorite. It's definitely something different. Otherwise, the food didn't really leave me with a huge impression.
2	The concept and food looks really good....to bad we did not stick around to try it. The bar staff unfortunately lacks in service so onto the next stop.
4	Visited 5Church for my friends Birthday Celebration and it did not disappoint! The decor is very different but yet very appropriate. My girls and I had reservations on a Saturday night and it was pretty packed! Many people hung out around the bar while others ate dinner. The drinks were very good, my favorites were the wild berry mojito and the viper. The viper however is strong. My friend ordered the cauliflower soup and boy oh boy was that soooo good! I had the the chick pea salad which was just "eh" I also had the hanger steak with mash potatoes! The steak was cooked perfectly and was flavored very well, while the mashed potatoes taste like they came from a box. The other ladies enjoyed the Herb brined roasted chicken and of course I sampled that as well! The chicken was so tender and juicy and flavored well with the natural jus on top! I must say this place does not disappoint! Perfect for date nite or girls night on the town! I hear they have an awesome brunch, will be back to try!
5	I am going to start off with the one and only negative: noise level. I will also say that our group ranged in age from mid 40's to mid 60's. So we were "the older table" the night we were there. With that out of the way, absolutely everything else here is awesome! The waiter we had (Hack) really new the menu, both food and drink. He helped point us all in great directions. The apps we had were great and the entrees were top notch. Even the side dishes (that are served in small, family-style dishes) were excellent. I strung together a sentence I never thought I would ever say: "Please pass the brussel sprouts." I don't usually like brussel sprouts, but when they are good with bacon how can you go wrong? Definitely get a reservation and get to 5Church.
5	5 church is one of my favorite restaurants in the Charlotte area, along with numerous friends. I've never been disappointed by the food or drinks here.
3	Came here last saturday night and had a good time. It was crowded but that was expected since this is one of the most popular restaurants in uptown charlotte. The restaurant is designed really well with a ton of detail. I had their signature lamb burger but I wasn't impressed. If I had another chance, I would order a different meal.
4	Awesome brunch spot. Super cute decor! Hey you can't go wrong with bottomless mimosa and sangria for brunch! The food is cheap and pretty good! Ladies this is the place to get your girls together for drinks and convo! #SexandCityVibe
1	I would like to start this letting everyone know that I have been in the restaurant business for a very long time and I am not writing this blindly. My husband and I were celebrating our first thanksgiving without family and decided to volunteer in the morning and then go to a nice dinner - we made reservations at 5church because we heard it was amazing. We went and it was terrible. Service was awful, the restaurant smelt like dirty laundry and the food left a lot to desire. Very disappointing - we were hoping for a wonderful experience and it didn't happen.
4	went here for a girls' night out, and it was a good trip. the food was pretty darn good, and the service was great considering our large group and all the different demands. a bit on the loud side for me for dinner, so i don't know that i would come here other than with girlfriends, cuz we're already geared up to talking real loud together.
2	I have to say, I am sad to even write this, as I used to enjoy this restaurant. However during my past two trips here, I have been thoroughly disappointed. Most recently was at brunch this past weekend. We were sat a little after 12:30, and did not receive our food until 2pm. Our drinks at the table were empty and our waitress was scarce. When our food came, no one had a "hot" meal, and there was no check in on how we were doing after our meals arrived. After our meals arrived, we ordered other drinks and they weren't delivered until we had finished our plates. I'd like to say that it was just our table, but you could see there were other tables there just as long, and just as impatiently waiting for everything.  However there were also tables receiving their food quickly and had attentive service. At best, the service just seemed spotty throughout the restaurant. I'm sad to say that my group has taken 5Church off the list.
2	My 2 stars comes from my handful of times here. I've been at happy hour and the bar service was lacking. I came for lunch and the chicken cordon bleau was out of this world! This in itself gained them a star. My wife and I went for dinner on a weekend night and our food took forever, and when my wife got her steak, it was so dry. The manager came by and said they had another one cooking that could come out in 10 minutes. That was after the first one too some 40 minutes to come out. The replacement was better. Paid full price even though the steak was inedible. Came back for brunch that same Sunday, and our food took forever...again. We thought it might've taken so long the other night because they were busy, but this was a much slower time. When my omelet came out, it wasn't even what I had ordered. Again, paid full price and no attempt or pressure to provide good customer service. We may be back, but this will no longer be a destination spot for us going forward.
3	I've been to 5Church a couple of times now and it's A-OK in my book. The one thing that stands out to me is the great smelling candle that was burning in the women's bathroom. Aside from that, I'm not sure 5Church is really for me. Clearly it's received great reviews and I quite like it's sister restaurant, Nan & Byron's, but just because I like one sister, doesn't mean they are both alike. The restaurant itself is a bit dark and doesn't have a warm, inviting feel. The first time I was here was during a Yelp event and it was too crowded making the second level hot and stuffy. This last time I went, I made reservations before a show and they got my guest and I seated promptly. We both ordered the lamb burger and it was good, but it doesn't really work as a burger. We both found it to be messy and ended up eating it with our forks. Also, the energy of the place was dull. Perhaps it was because it was cold outside and during the afternoon. In any case, I just wasn't feeling it. Although, I can definitely see the appeal for an early 20s crowd on a Friday or Saturday night.The food is good, the location is close if you are seeing a show at the Belk Theater. If, however, you are looking for a more warm and inviting place, try their other restaurant.
3	This was mediocre at best. The food was good but nothing memorable. The service was good too. However do NOT make a reservation here. They give you a bar table! They said that was their "reservation table" which seems like a joke to me. Also the place is very noisy which is fine for appetizers and drinks but not for a nice dinner. I will probably not come back here again unless it's for cocktails.
2	My sister and I went to 5Church for dinner on a Friday in December. Got there at 6 and the restaurant was starting to fill up. Started with wine, which is always good. We ended up ordering a bunch of appetizers to share so we could get a taste of everything. Wedge salad was good. Pork belly spring rolls were a favorite (wish they came with more than 4 little pieces). Jerk chicken lettuce wraps were average- not as much chicken as I would have preferred. Shrimp flat bread had an interesting taste which we attributed to the boursin cheese. Flat bread was circular shaped (like a pizza) but the pieces were too thin and flimsy to hold and eat. Would have been better  if it was a square made flat bread and the crust a little more crispy. Carolina gold "hoppin' John" was just rice and it was plain. Ordered a bottle of wine and the waiter corked it for us to-go at the end of the night. The only brown paper bag he had was a large to-go food bag so he wrapped our wine bottle in the bag and handed it to us (...very odd).Decent food but for the price I would have expected more. Not going to rush back there any time soon.
