3	Seems like it's under new ownership. They've added Mexican snacks and munchies which is a good idea. Their mangoneadas are good, but don't be disappointed when it doesn't look like the picture.  Yes, I know not to expect the picture but when you get less than half the slices of mangos in the picture, I cry a little bit inside.  I still get them though, they're tasty!Their verduras are enormous and better than the picture. As for the food, it seems like they improved the taste for a lot of the items, but have considerably gotten smaller in serving size. Their burritos used to be able to fill you up, but now they're less than filling, at least in my and coworkers' opinions.
2	Stopped for a quick lunch yesterday and both husband and I thought it wasn't all that great.We both got a burrito with guacamole and pico de gallo. I've had better meat before. It didn't even taste like asada and it was definitely way too salty. I was thirsty for hours.There's a salsa bar (we tried a red salsa and a green one. Green one was OK. The red one tasted too much like tomato sauce. Nothing special) but you get no chips with your burrito, you have to pay extra for them.It was our first time there and most likely we won't go back. There are better Mexican restaurants in town.
1	With the hundreds of Mexican food options in the Valley of the sun, choose any except this one. A breakfast burrito cost me $6.49....nearly twice the cost of any other place. A friend ordered a sausage breakfast burrito...he ended up with hot dogs as sausage. Take it from someone who has had years of burrito experience, dont bother coming here.
4	Tried their al pastor tacos earlier this evening. My fiance and I have tried al pastor all over phoenix and this restaurant has by far the best. What caught our attention is that the al pastor is cooked outside and directly from the spit grill which is how it should be cooked!! The flavor is great. We waited quite a bit which is why I rated 4 stars. The corn in a cup I ordered took even longer. They  need more staff.
