3	I give Matsuri 3 stars since I saw Ka the day before. I was thrown off and not expecting what I saw that night. The cost of the show was affordable so if you want some cheap entertainment make a trip to the Sahara. Matsuri consists of around 28 japanese performers male and female who all have the skills of gymnastics, dance, and some I'll label as misc.This is not some kind of traditional show. You'll mainly see dancing, cheering, hula stunts, flips, mountain bike tricks, and even a guy with a yo-yo. The costumes were cute in a japanese way. I actually enjoyed the show but some parts got me wondering what the heck is going on? The flow was not there. It was entertaining since I was laughing most of the time. The japanese folks were funny. If you like gymnastics, cute japanese girls, and muscular japenese guys this is a must see for you but if not save your money for a better show thats in vegas. The best part for me was when the guys were stomping on wooden crates like they were taito drums. All right they were entertaining I give them 3 and a half stars. It was funny and they did some difficult stunts. If you've seen most of the shows in vegas but haven't seen Matsuri then check it out. Great affordable show.I have to say that all the seats for this show will suffice. Even the dirt cheap ones are good seats. No need for upgrades here unless your a perv and just want to peep out the boys and girls.
5	Matsuri is currently playing at the Imperial Palace!!!  Great show!  Everyone should check it out!!  I was more entertained watching this then watching "O"!!!
4	I have to admit, Matsuri was not what I had expected.  But it was a pleasant surprise nevertheless.  This is a very lively and entertaining show with lots of dancing, bouncing, and tumbling around.  None of the acts (acrobatic,magic, or dance) were sophisticated or original, but they still capture your attention with their high energy and enthusiasm.  The show room/stage is very bare.  Most of the set up are done by the performers themselves.  The performers are mostly in their early 20's (just guessing) and work their butts off.  For an entire hour, it is nonstop.  I'll say they burn off at least 10,000 calories in each show.  I can't imagine them doing 2 shows a day, it is brutal!It is a Japanese show so expect to see some 'cuteness' which some might interpret as kiddish.  I really enjoyed the show and I thought all the performers (both guys and girls) are just adorable!You can get buy 1 get 1 free coupon at Barstow or get 50% off at Tix4Tonight.  I won't pay $64 to see the show, but $32 is reasonable to pay. Don't expect any fancy schmancy show girls/guys or topless strippers, this is a family friendly show.  Bring everyone here and I am sure they will all enjoy it.
4	I wasn't expecting much from this show since I only paid $40 a ticket and being at Imperial Palace, but to my surprise this show kept me entertained for the full 90 minutes!They mix it up with a bunch of different acts so you won't get bored.  There is dancing, jumping, tumbling, a little bit of "stepping", a little bit of magic and even a little bit of comedy.Did i also mention most of the girls performing are pretty cute!
5	In a nutshell: a Japanese Cirque Du Soleil without too much of the drama that no one understands.I went to Vegas for a quick weekend getaway, and wanted to find some show to watch. Being an avid fan of Cirque Du Soleil, I've seen almost all their productions on the Strip (except for Viva Elvis, which I have no interest in.) Then I came across Matsuri. Tickets were reasonably priced, so I thought I would give it a try.This was truly a pleasant surprise. Think Cirque Du Soleil, scale it down, but add HOT japanese gals (and guys, but that's not really my thing). The music was upbeat, and doesn't seem like a Cirque Du Soleil ripoff. Very nice Asian flare to everything. The Oiran girl was super cute! Basically all the girls were cute. And I'm not even biased towards Japanese girls.The tempo was fast, and there were no boring moments. The clown acts were interesting and timed just right. The parts that required human muscle performance doesn't seem to lack behind Cirque Du Soleil. And since they don't have over-done makeup like CDS, it's easy to see how excited and energetic the performers were. Also, since there were relatively few performers (I think about 8 guys and 8 girls), they constantly change costume and do back-to-back acts. it's amazing how much physical endurance they all have.If you like acrobatic and a great experience, I strongly recommend Matsuri. kid-friendly. The ONLY bad things I can think of are that 1) It's short, only about 70 min. long (I want more!), and 2) It's at ghetto Imperial Palace. The parking lot stinks. I also had Hash-House AGoGo afterwards there, and the service sucked.
5	I was in town for a trade show earlier this week and decided to catch Matsuri.  First, I have to agree with Ray.  It's fantastic.  I didn't know what to expect and I must say that the performers are incredibly talented.  It was in an old-school Vegas show room at Imperial Palace which felt intimate with a lot of energy and history.  There was never a dull moment (I would have been very happy if the show was about 20 minutes longer becasue it was that entertaining).  I noticed that there were two families in the audience and the kids were having a great time.  The acrobatics, comedy, magic, dance, and music make for a great family-friendly experience (and the costumes are very tasteful).I would definitely recommend Matsuri and I plan to see it again with my family next time we're in Vegas.
5	For an afternoon show, Matsuri is as good as it gets!  It's a very high energy show and the performers are really athletic and talented.  I'm gonna agree with the other reviewers and say it again that it really does a great job taking you to dream-like world and it's like watching Cirque du Soleil at a fraction of the price.  Without giving away too much, expect lots of acrobatics and dancing, clapping, monster box jumping, and mime comedy.  It's a complete package!  Oh, and a giant hula hoop!!!!I can't say much for the theater at the Imperial Palace, it's really small and the decor is kinda old, almost similar to the Hollywood Theater at MGM Grand.  But the size of the theater benefits Matsuri in that it gives the performers a chance to get intimate with the audience just like Blue Man Group at the Venetian.Another reason why I watched this show is because I'm a big fan of Sasuke / Ninja Warrior and a lot of the cast members competed on there.  It was really cool seeing those familiar faces live and in their element.It's definitely a must-see and for less than $50 ($15 for locals!!), you can't go wrong!!5 stars all the way!!!!
5	Let me start off by saying that - a) I was with my Asian parents - this probably speaks volumes. b) My parents are the type that complain about most everything and usually don't like these types of things. c) We were "stuck" with this show because my brother failed to secure Cirque du Soleil - Ka tickets for us. d) We debated a while about whether to go, so I made an executive decision to buy non-refundable tickets "forcing" everyone to go.Well, now that we got all the negativity out of the way.The show was a lot more fun than I had expected.  The performers were spectacular and there was just a little bit of anything and everything. Acrobatics, body slapping/stepping, magic, dancing, and they definitely keep the energy level high and engage the audience. I was thoroughly impressed. I even caught my dad bobbing his head to the beat. Some sequences felt seizure-inducing; think trance music on crack and then watching a bunch of people trying to keep up with it. 75 minutes long. A little less than $40/person - this is me getting it for half off + fees.By the end, we were trying to mimic the body slapping/stepping and dance moves while walking through the casinos. Yes, we are shameless. Shameless, I tells ya! Some of the performers come out to take pictures and thank the audience for coming, which is a big plus.The only thing I wasn't TOO crazy about was the way the seats were arranged. It feels to me like those comedy club/dinner places with long tables and you have to move your head around to see if someone taller or perhaps someone with a larger head sits in front of you.  I mean, you do get the intimate and cozy feel, but still - I wouldn't know how to fix this problem. Just sayin. Matsuri!! *does some pose that they taught us*  Guess you'd have to see the show to know what it is...or I guess if you ask nice enough, someone will send you a picture of this pose. :P
4	I have seen Matsuri four times beginning with their time at the Riviera and then the Sahara.  I have not yet seen the show at the IP, but I don't doubt that it's just as good as ever.I dare you to watch this show without smiling and/or laughing.  These young performers are excellent, and they give 110% to put on a great show.I don't think anyone would leave this show not being impressed with what they had seen.
3	Matsuri had it's cool moments, it's funny moments but also it's moments that dragged.This show offers a mix of acrobatics, traditional dances and other things many of us wish we could try to attempt ourselves, without any severe injuries.You can't compare Matsuri to any of the Cirque shows because it's simply not and if you think it's going to be anything like a Cirque show, you'll be disappointed.  Tickets were about $40.00 with the coupon, which you can't miss since the coupon is at the ticket booth.  So, $40 for 90-minutes...watching this show will last you longer than at any slot machine or table game in any casino, not to mention you'll bring home some cool memories, instead of a financial heartache.Although the show seemed like a budget, high school performance or something, mostly because of the props and the costumes, Matsuri was entertaining and featured supremely talented individuals.The seating is kind of akward, as you they use those those uncomfortable banquet chairs aligned to these long tables, that is if you weren't lucky enough to score a booth.All in all, it's not bad for $40, it's definitely entertaining, not to mention, if you like watching some young, fit, half naked (some of the time), in tights (some of the time) Japanese guys then this show's for you.  Sorry fellas, the girls are dressed quite appropriately. :P
5	This show was really a lot of fun!!! We also saw Ka on this trip and I would say they were both comparable in the enjoyment category. Not as elaborate but we laughed and ooohed and ahhed and really enjoyed ourselves. Definitely worth checking out. As someone stated previously, some of the seating is at long tables so you must turn your head. We did not have anyone behind us so I was able to turn my chair and face the stage. I took a pic of some alternate booth seating that I would definitely request if going back.Would I go back?? Definitely! Not only was it a great show but I enjoyed watching my husband mimic the body/leg slapping so very, very much! :)
5	MATSURIIII!So yells the dancers when this incredible show begins. I love the show Ninja warrior, or Sasuke so I was very curious to see this Muscle Musical show where many of the past contenders were from.These Japanese men and women are CUT. Both my wife and I felt like fat slobbering pigs sitting at the VIP tables looking at these guys and girls jump , stomp ,flip, and dance around like crazy Ewoks in heat.I love the geisha dancer that is placed in the middle, and I really loved "chicken girl" in the white feather outfit. jaw dropping moments were the stomp dance segment, the pommel horse flipping, and the Judo tango, You have to see it to believe it..these dancers work hard for their money..much harder than the hookers working the streets outside.
5	Wasn't sure what to expect but read Yelp reviews  and agree with everyone else.  Worth the price of admission.  Some of the stand out performances were:  taiko (w/o drums), tango judo, fluorescent ribbon dance, "stomp" dance.  The foot stomping taiko without the drums was impressive; you have to see it to believe it. The tango judo was unexpectedly entertaining.  The ribbon dance was mesmerizing and luminous.  Just try to keep your feet still during the stomp dance.  Excellent show! Very entertaining. Highly recommend seeing.
5	Awesome.Cirque de Soleil meets MXCPS: Cute Japanese girls in spandex doing acrobatics. If you are Master Roshi or white dude w/asian fetish, bring toilet paper. Because you will definitely nosebleed.
5	My husband and I caught this show at the first venue- The Sahara- for free because, at the time, my mother-in-law (MIL) worked there  for many many years(we saw many shows at this casino for that very reason). This being said, it was an excellent high-energy show with very talented, athletic,  and exuberant performers from Japan. We enjoyed very minute. "Go Muscle!" They chanted that saying a lot.The performances might come off as cheesy if they weren't so damn good. Their smiling faces, their excited participation, you really felt the joy. We were pleasantly surprised and amazed, to say the least. Highly recommend.
4	My husband found this show to take my mother to; we suspected she would like the performance of martial arts, acrobatics and graceful elements of cirque du soleil mixed together. He was RIGHT! But not only that, he and I thoroughly enjoyed the show. High energy, fun and appealing to both kids and grown-up.  When they invited 2 boys on stage to be part of the act, they personalized it and was downright charming.
5	My description of Matsuri to friends and family is, it's an hour and a half of beautiful people doing impossible things.  I love this show!  I've seen it twice within three months and would cheerfully see it again tomorrow if I could.  Both times I left the theater feeling energized and excited.The venue is a little weird and I gather from other reviews that it's possible to get bad seats, but I had no trouble getting seats right up front and center.  Once, the usher even recommended we move to the front because the VIP seating hadn't been sold out.  It's definitely worth asking about.A bonus to seeing Matsuri at the Imperial Palace is that Hash House A Go Go is only a short walk away!  If you can manage to avoid the slots on the way, you can't lose.  It makes for an excellent afternoon out with your sweetheart.
5	Eyes rolling when my mother told me that she heard that this was a good show from one of her friends and wanted to see it.  I looked on Yelp and it had good review but thought... a bunch of Haole's putting eyeliner to look Asian... oh jeez and doing a janky Cirque thing.  I was VERY skeptical, but was extremely surprised during and after the show.  Don't expect a Cirque like thing.  They have gymnastics, acrobatics, dancing and magic.  I'm assuming  they don't have as large of a budget for costume and production like Cirque so you don't get that ethereal feel from the costumes/makeup and fancy stage set. The performers are very talented and athletic. These guys are so cut!!  The women are also in amazing shape!! .  I purchased my tixs at a discount, but go through Golden Voice you get 50% off.  Spoke with the performers after the show and they're all from Japan.   It's a great show and if you get 50% off the regular price (less than $40) there's no excuse not to see it. One of the nice thing is that the early show starts at 4:00pm and ends at about 5:30pm.Seating is kind of old school.  There are some half circle booths and the rest of the seating are long tables with chairs on both sides.
5	After reading yelp reviews, I decided to buy Matsuri tickets for our 2nd night in vegas - it's very easy to find half price tix on the net, each VIP ticket cost me about $40.  I was still skeptical about it, even more after we arrived in Imperial Palace - the whole building is run-down.  I kept reminding everyone that the tickets was cheap (especially since we just saw O at the Bellagio the previous night).   We got a booth seat in very close to the stage, and it's a little tight for 4 people, but it wasn't uncomfortable. Then the show starts.. WOW so much energy and very entertaining.  Everyone in party left amazed and amused. Highly recommended!  If you're still not convinced to give them a chance after reading all these wonderful reviews here, google them out and in all other websites you'd find nothing but rave reviews. A little more info I read online: in Japan they're called Muscle Musical, and  apparrently they've been around for a while, and their stint at the Imperial Palace is their 3rd time in vegas. The first time was a short but succesful engagement at the Riviera in 2006, then they performed in Sahara in 2007, and now at the Imperial Palace. and please show these performers more support when they come down and ask the audience to clap hands and shout with them.
5	What a pleasant surprise!  The Imperial Palace is very lucky to have this exceptional show.  While it may not be on the same level as Cirque Du Soleil because they don't have the budget for the set or the costumes, the show is great and the cast is extremely talented. There's strength acts, gymnasics, dancing, martial arts, aerial acts, and something like taiko drumming without the actual drums. I don't want to give too much away, but there is a part marked by the time on a clock that will blow your mind!  I love this show!!!
4	What can I say about this show ..I call it the "Poor Man's Cirque" .. For the price, it's a REALLY great value ..High energy .. acrobatics .. strength/balancing acts .. comedy .. culture .. you get it all ..Definitely different from the rest of the shows we saw, but definitely glad we decided to check it out ..
4	Matsuri! Hai!! Like many other reviewers, I too wasn't quite sure what to expect of this show. That being said, it was highly entertaining! The posters advertising the show around Imperial Palace don't do it justice. It's not quite like more common Chinese acrobatic shows. I felt it was mostly original and really creative. If you can't afford or just don't want to pay the outrageous prices for Cirque du Soleil tickets, check this show out. There are no live musicians and the costumes aren't that strange but it was just as fun and engaging in my opinion. All of the performers were extremely talented and athletic, not to mention attractive -- at least the women were (which, I admit, makes it even more enjoyable :). There's a cash bar (no coffee or tea) inside the showroom and there's a girl walking around selling snacks and glow-toys for the kids. Seating was fine. We snagged a table next to the stage on the right so we had a great view. If you sit near the stage, be aware the spotlights on either side of the stage may be directed at you a few times throughout the show. Not a big deal, but just a heads-up. There were also a few times when I got a little paranoid that one of the performers might drop their prop and hit us by accident but, it never happened. Anyway, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Really good music accompanied each act as well. My ticket was a Christmas gift so I can't comment on price but the place was full so I guess it was reasonable and, therefore, worth every penny. I only gave it 4 stars because, though the magician in between acts did a good job, the tricks were pretty run-of-the-mill. Not a deal-breaker. Just my opinion. Go see it for yourself!
4	A great show and well worth the $35ish dollars per ticket to see the show.  It's inside the not so fabulous Imperial Palace in an old style table/booth theater.  No drink minimums however they're available for purchase.  This is an acrobatic and dancing show, very impressive, not a lot of extra glitz or fabulous cirque props... but really amazing and entertaining... and did I mention affordable?!  They advertise the tickets for $50 but outside the theater is a $20 off coupon or you can go to a half price ticket booth.  From what the lady at Imperial said... they've never sold for full price.  The cast is full of energy and look like they are really happy.  See this show and support them.
5	Fantastic show! The performers are at the same level if not more than some of the cirque shows in town. Matsuri is one of the more undervalued shows on the strip. Don't miss this jewel!
5	After enjoying Matsuri last May, I had to see it again!  What I like about Matsuri is it's value.  Because of it's affordable price point, it's a show that you can see multiple times.  This is something that can be difficult to do with Cirque du Soleil and the other headliners on the Strip because they can cost 2 or 3 times more.  And I'm glad that I caught this particular one because they were going on a one month hiatus.  Believe it or not, I thought it was even better watching than the first time!  This performance was slightly different than the one last May in that the costumes in some parts were holiday themed and there was one particular act that was missing the first time which I was glad to finally see (without spoiling too much, it has to do with a clock.).  The performers are still amazing and energetic and I still love the music.  It's really too bad they don't have a soundtrack for it for sale, I'd pick it up in a heartbeat.If you're going to make a trip to Vegas and want to see a show, this is a MUST SEE, and if you have seen it before, SEE IT AGAIN!  It's worth seeing more than once!!
5	HOLY MOLEY. I remember seeing Matsuri back in '07/'08 at the Sahara. Can I just say that they are AMAZING! Not only are they Japanese Olympians/Athletes, these people are ENTERTAINING as hell! Funny, too! Never a dull moment all throughout, and the energy they have is phenomenal! Great for ALL ages. This show topped the many shows that my boyfriend and I saw, including the Cirque's, hands down. But that's just our opinion :)
4	High Energy, WOW moments and smiling faces!  What a great feeling when you walk out.Cirque meets the Beijing circus via Japan.  The acrobatics are amazing, the acts leave you awestruck, and the permanent smiles on the players faces inspiring.  There's something for everyone and you walk out, feeling like a kid who just walked out of a Saturday matinee martial arts movie - you can do it!Definitely worth a visit to the Imperial Palace and great for all ages.
4	How can you not be a fan of these performers? From open to close, they just exude energy and enthusiasm. You really get the feeling that they enjoy what they do and it's contagious. They start out with an opening number that seems to be a non-stop hodge podge of dance and acrobatics. From there, it's just act after act of weirdness, athleticism, humor, and sheer fun. A few things I noted:* I loved watching the dude with the yo-yo. It's an old school toy, but he is pretty damn amazing with it.* The Japanese-themed pommel horses are used pretty creatively. I like how they jumped rope on top of them.* Another old school toy, the hula hoop, is used creatively.* I'm always down for some Chinese yo-yo action. (I used to love watching a clown at Circus Circus entertain with his Chinese yo-yo skills).* The cuckoo clock is pure brilliance! I kept looking forward for the next "hour" to come along.* The martial arts tango segment. Wow. Hilarious!On the flip side, I'm not a big fan of their variation on taiko. I wish they just did real taiko drumming. Also, there's a part where they come into the crowd and try to get us to clap with them. It didn't quite work for me because I couldn't figure out what they wanted us to do.Still, this show is a lot of fun with not a lot of lulls. I've heard their lease is up soon, so catch them while you can! Take advantage of the Yelp Seats deal perhaps?
4	I mainly went to see this show because Yelp! had 50%off prices, so for the $40 or so, how could I lose?  I was seated against the stage, which got a lil "dicey"...what with 125# athletes, YoYo's and 20' hoola-hoops whipping around.  I admire the stamina, strength and willingness of the performers to put on a great show, despite a couple boo-boo's.  The main issue are the cultural differences with the audience.  During the performance the performers begin sort of a chant-cadence with clapping hands...Now, I'm not Steve Martin in "The Jerk"...I can get my groov on...but they would keep changing it up and then frown at the audience for screwing up.  Very entertaining albeit a lil juvenile production...but fun!
5	WOW! This was my first Vegas show as it was more affordable than the other more well-known shows and I'm soo glad I saw Matsuri!We got VIP tickets at $40 each and we were sat right in front of the stage. They were awesome seats and got to see the skill these awesome performers exuded.For an hour and half, it was non-stop pure fun and energy. My bf said it looked like I had a perma-grin on my face, which I think I really did!!The females are adorable with their anime-like voices and cheery smiles, and the males were so amusing with their theatrics.And holy shit, there was a male performer that did YO-YO tricks! Who does yo-yo tricks anymore?? Apparently Matsuri does and they know how to do it WELL!The main "princess" was hot too! She had a gorgeous red kimono on, and was very seductive in her movements.The creativity this show has for each scene was so awesome.AWESOME!I'd gladly watch it again next time in Vegas. Don't miss out!
3	The show was primarily tumbling, with a yo-yo act thrown in. It's family friendly, and a decent way to spend the afternoon. The performers gave 100% and I was entertained, but I wouldn't rank this as a must see.
4	Wow! Great show. So much packed into it. We got 50% off tickets. Great bargain
4	This is pretty amazing show. I had my heart set on making sure I would see this show on my vegas vacation. Luckily, my boyfriend & I were able to get tix for $40 and we sat at the very front. At first, it didn't sound like a bad idea but when we go to our seats, we literally sat next to the platform. Also, the tables/seats for placed vertically so we would have to turn our heads to watch the performance for 1hr 1/2. Other than that, it was very worthwhile and entertaining.Like other yelpers have stated, these performs are always smiling and very enthusiastic about their performance. You can't help but smile with them! They are extremely energetic on stage! Besides the crazy acrobatic moves, they are very humorous as well! These athletes are constantly moving on stage for 1hr 1/2 and they don't even break a sweat! This show is great for everyone! Kids, adults, everyone.Also at the end of the show, you're able to take couple pictures with them for free!Can someone please explain to me how the main female lead can wear such high platforms and move around for so long?!You get so much out of this show, you should definitely watch this show!Try catching the 8PM show on Friday, I think every other day - the show begins at 4PM (kinda weird).
4	I was lucky enough to find a deal on www.Travelzoo.com. I bought my ticket for $11 (w/o tax). The production, of course, wasn't as grand or super creative compared to those of Cirque de Soleil; but I was impressed by the  acrobatic's  energy, humor, and enthusiasm throughout the show.I recommend this show to those who can find a coupon/deal. I probably wouldn't want to pay $56 for general admission. Overall, it was a good show; I enjoyed my time and I had a few laughs.*If you can't find the deal on the website above,  check out www.vegas4locals.com
3	Fortunately I got comp'd tickets to this show. Not that it was a bad show but certainly was not worth the $60 face value of the tickets. The show is held at the Imperial Palace, which has seen better days. Its the kind of hotel that reeks of cigarettes. But never mind that, the show was entertaining. Obviously the performers are quite good gymnast but the show did get a little hokey about half way through with the audience participation. Being myself I did not partake in the clapping and cheering along. If there is a story to Matsuri I wasnt able to figure out what it is. I'm guessing whatever the story was suppose to be was only there to give a reason for the cast to perform.
5	High energy show, amazing how much the performers put into it.  Loved the yo-yo segments, never expected it in a show, but was amazed.  As others have said, certainly compares well with Cirque shows.  Setting is somewhat limiting, Imperial Palace is getting dated, and is awful trying to access from the Strip.  Come in the back, from Audrie St, and it's much easier.  Overall, loved the show.
4	First off, let me say, I was a little bored.  So, why give this show 4 stars when I didn't like it?  Because they deserve it.  The show just wasn't my kind of thing.  I thought it was going to be traditional Japanese, not modern techno fusion and neon clothing.  Still, my wife loved it, and that was good enough for me. No arguing, these performers were incredible.  And, no one trick ponies here.  All of them did acrobatics, aerial stunts, comedy, and magic tricks.  A very talented group of performers.  How can I give them anything below 4 stars, just because it wasn't my cup of tea (pun intended).  Its like ordering chicken parm at a great Italian restaurant, and giving a bad review because you don't like Italian food.
5	If you are looking to spend Hundreds on a Vegas Show, this show is not for you.  If you are looking for the Best Entertainment Value in the State of Nevada, this Show is It!!!! What a Fantastic and Entertaining show.  Went with my 19 year old son and we both Flipped!!! Even the time of the show is great, kept us from melting at the pool and loosing at the tables.  Honestly a truly entertaining Show and the best value of any show I have seen in all my trips to Vegas. PS The ladies in the Show are very pretty!!
5	Don't pay full price for your tickets, Imperial Palace isn't worth it. There are plenty of coupons out there, I got mine from TravelZoo.That aside, I loved this show. The performers had great energy and were all extremely talented. I only wish that this show had a bigger budget and a better venue, because it could be truly epic.
4	We got fantastic deals on Travelzoo, something like $15 for $45 tickets and it was totally worth it and a lot of fun.I was a little worried because we had been given seats in the second last row and more to the right than the center but we could see everything on stage perfectly well.The costumes, the energy, the interactiveness and the humor all made for good entertainment. They take a lot of mileage from the 'cutesy Japanese' stuff but it didn't really get annoying. My only gripe was for how freezing cold it was in the hall.
3	I have seen this show twice. Once when it was originally at the Sahara and once at Imperial Palace. Since relocating to the IP they cut the performers by half as well as the actual acts on stage. I noticed a lot of the great skits were removed that I remembered from the Sahara show performance. Is a high energy show, I was actually exhausted seated watching them all in action. I am not crazy about the IP showroom venue for this show as should be a much larger stage for the show that it is. If judging from my first time seeing it at the Sahara I would have issued 5 stars without a doubt! Now since is at IP and they downscaled and cut half of the performers and show in half I was missing so much from the first show this was a true let down.They are truly talented performers however this show is best suited elsewhere at a larger venue that it truly deserves, and in full scale that it once originally was.
3	Not bad for the price. The show was entertaining enough. I don't like the seating arrangement and prefer an more theater arrangement. Also, the place and the casino in general was very run down and smoky.
4	I went to see this with my brother on our last day in Vegas because it was the only show we could get in before our flight.  The show was pretty good & not what I expected.  Don't pay full price for the tickets though because you can get them for about half of at the ticket booths you see along the street.
4	Excellent show for the price. Not so nice theater and hotel, but right on the main strip. We ended up going here because most other Cirque shows were sold out. This was not as grand as the Cirque ones, but definitely energetic and enthusiastic. The performers were young and awesome! Extremely entertaining but I wish they performed at a better theater in a better hotel on the strip.
5	Listen, for the price of this show and the high energy they bring, it is well worth it. No other show on the strip dollar for dollar compares. Highly recommend, as others have said before, go to travelzoo and get the discounted tickets. Half of the theatre was empty when we went, so we were able to move up to the front of our table and get a great view! A must see for its price!
