4	Tracy's Watermark is now just called Tracy's and it's near Einstein's/Starbucks in the Vons Center.  She now has more in the way of gifts than interior design.  I always find a perfect present whenever I shop at Tracy's.  Plus, they wrap everything so beautifully, I can just pop in to the store, get a gift, have it wrapped and be on my way to the party.  They have such cute things and the selection seems to change almost daily.  I also like that Tracy's supports one of the non-profits I'm associated with, Baby's Bounty.
4	I stopped in for the first time yesterday and was so delighted!Such cute stuff for myself and great gifts for others.I loved the selection of aprons and picked one out for a new cake decorating class I am starting next month.
5	Thankfully not another 'same ole stuff shop' within a strip mall.There is careful attention to detail in presentation, and an eclectic mix of merchandise for every budget.The complimentary custom gift wrap is the grand finale.Thank you Tracys!
1	I wish I could give this place four stars like the other reviews but I am big on customer service of which I received none.   This store has tons of cute merchandise and there were a couple of unique items that really caught my attention but the store is not that big and I never even received an acknowledgment from the one person working.  Not only that but at one point she even brushed past me to the point of physical contact and not an excuse me or anything.  Cute merchandise aside I won't step foot in this store again nor will they every get any of my money!
5	I love Tracy's!! I recently bought an antique dresser and a few other things from Sheri  (one of the awesome employees) not only did she help us load it into our truck (and guide me to back in to the spot when I am not used to driving a truck) She was so friendly and helpful, like she had known me for years. I have seen Tracy in the store several times and she is ALWAYS nice! She also gives a percentage of sales to the animal shelter, which is awesome. I would say Tracy's is the place to go for ALL things, little gifts, to furniture!
5	I have been shopping at Tracys boutique since they first opened. The gift items are unique and one of a kind. My house is decorated with the treasures I have found at her store. The gift wrapping is so pretty you want to just enjoy the beautiful wraps. Customer service is a 10 plus and Tracy knows and cares about her customers. A fun experience to stop by and shop. Great Facebook page and marketing!
