5	Oh my stars another delicious bakery! Thank goodness, because God forbid I have to travel a mile outside of Elizabeth to fetch a delicious treat. I was really intrigued by Sunflour as soon as I read that they were opening. It's a (pun intended) sunny bakery filled with tasty treats, coffee, a smattering of tables and smiling faces. Right now they are focusing on their baked goods, but in time expect to see them crank out artisan breads and gourmet sandwiches, too. On my first visit I went with a recommendation, one of their special baked goods of the day - a pumpkin whoppee pie. ZOMG. Two delicate, flavorful and delicious pumpkin cake-muffin-hybrid sandwiched with a generous layer of cream cheese frosting goodness. It was fabulous. I also enjoyed a decaf vanilla latte that was oh so frothy. Yum.One of my favorite things about Sunflour, though, is that they focus on using local & regional ingredients. On their website, their menus and their chalkboards they tell the customers where their flour, eggs and coffee all come from. With these amazing baked goods, eager to please staff and charming nature, Sunflour may be one of my new faves in Elizabeth.
5	This place is so cute and their baked goodies are delightful!  The employees are very friendly and helpful.  They don't have a huge selection compared to a place like Amelie's, but they still had plenty of tasty options to cause me to be torn on what to order.  I narrowed down my selections to either a peanut butter blondie (think blonde brownie but made with peanut butter) or the pumpkin whoopee pie.  The girls behind the counter recommended I go with the pumpkin and I was not disappointed.  It was absolutely delicious!They have a decent sized seating area.  I grabbed a table and read for a bit while enjoying my treat.  There was just enough foot traffic that it wasn't too quiet but it wasn't too loud to distract from my book.  I will definitely be back next time I need to relax and enjoy a treat.  I even feel good about eating unhealthy pastries here since I'm supporting other local businesses (they use as many local ingredients as possible) as well.
5	Such a great bakery of the cuff of uptown. Love the sandwich/quiche selection. Great use of local foods and making it even better, Organic, when possible. The staff was super friendly and helpful. Tried The sticky bun and it was delightful.
5	Just had a delicious Latte and Morning Glory muffin.  Both excellent!Everyone was very nice.
5	Small local business, let's support Sunflour by eating pies! They have the cutest, little baby pies, key lime, coconut creme and CHOCOLATE!  Enough for three normal slices or one just fat party pants pie. The nice girl behind the counter took two pies in the back for us and divided them so we could each take half with a smile! Now this is service!They also have sandwiches, cookies, savory muffins all wrapped up in a modern little dining room with friendly staff. I'm gonna rate them, three pinwheels.I would like Sunflour to make their coffee a little stronger. Please. PIE!!! 3.14159265358979323846264338327950288
4	Combining two of the hottest trends in in food right now- artisan baking and local sourcing of ingredients, it seems like Sunflour ought to hit the mark.  In my opinion, it sure does.This sunny shop is just around the corner from my house, so I had a stop in the other morning for a little breakfast.  Light colored wood tabletops and counters contrast with large photos of fresh foods bursting with color.  You get the concept right away, even without having to read a word- I like that.  A chalkboard overhead and behind the counter tells of that days freshest offerings along with a little info on which of the ingredients are locally made and where the come from.Breakfast options abound with decadent-looking croissants, plain or chocolate.  There were also a number of muffins and loaf slices.  I opted, though, for an egg sandwich on sliced house-made bread.  You could also opt for a biscuit, but the thought of sesame-semolina bread sounded more interesting to me.  I had to wait for them to make the sandwich, which I didn't mind since it meant I was getting a pre-shaped egg patty that worked its way thru the microwave at some earlier hour.  While I waited, I looked at the many pies and cakes that were making their way out of the kitchen and into the cooler.  I also noticed that they brew Counter Culture coffee and espresso.  Figuring that I'd give Starbucks a break, I had a mocha latte.  Wow was I impressed- their mocha sauce is made in house and it was perfect- not too sweet but not too bland.  No burnt flavor, as some have noticed in the 'Bucks.  Once that was made, my sandwich was also ready I went on my way.Before leaving, I noticed they also serve a number of deli lunch sandwiches too.  Most sounded really good- banana and nutella?!  Yum.  Ham and gruyere with whole grain mustard?!  Double yum. I understand they also do wedding cakes- hopefully the wife and I are beyond needing those, but the custom-ordered pies and line of breads coming soon sound like they are worth investigating.   Can't wait to go back- this is a most welcome addition to the neighborhood.
5	Ok...is it odd that I wanted to find something off about this place just to knock a star off it's pedestal? However, I must, enthusiastically, give it 5 stars as well! Andes mint brownies, morning glory muffins, ham & gruyere croissants, red pepper & cheddar scones...all do good! Yes, I decided to order a plethora of items for a recent house party. When in doubt, buy it all :)My favorite was the red pepper & cheddar scone. Can't beat a salt/sweet treat! They even have some unique low sugar carb beverages that are refreshing! Staff was very helpful and recommended the perfect items for my needs!
4	We're moving up in the gastroworld! We finally have a boutique bakery!!Tiffany's meets croissants and cupcakes. It would almost be too cute to handle but their pastries are rad, I have confidence that they know what they're doing with bread (which they aren't selling yet, but soon, soon) and they do egg and cheese in the morning. For cheap.Petit Fours would make the most sense, but they also do Fake fig newtons, pop tarts, oreos, that fancy Nabisco thing that's hit bigger towns so hard. The sip-sized coffee is nice - sometimes you just want a half cup, ya?Unfortunately, this is where they fail a bit. I've had scorched, I've had too thin - I have not had a cup that rivaled Julia's, Central, or even Smelly Cat. Sadface. Hopefully this will improve - at close to 2 bucks, you need to show your brew some TLC and appease us snobs.Decor is airy, clean, modern, lovely, kind of vast for a bakery, and being able to peep into the back kitchen's an awesome touch. Sweetness.
5	I feel like all the cool Yelp kids have been raving about Sunflour lately so when I got a Saturday 1st meal to myself I decided to pop over and give them a try. Now perhaps a five star rating is premature based on one scones worth of product testing but holy hosenfeffer, Batman! That blue cheese scone was one of the beat baked goods I've ever eaten: not overly dry, with delicious lumps of cheese still intact, savory but still light and served on an adorable mini baking sheet. I will certainly be back to try their other goodies (raspberry cream cheese crescent, I have my eyes on you).The experience of visiting Sunflour was as pleasant as the pastry. The space is bright and open. The staff was friendly and helpful. They even have a counter along the window, one of my personal favs, which is great for watching the occasional passerby or just soaking in done early afternoon sun.I think the ultimate compliment I can give Sunflour is that when I went to the 'Bucks next door afterward their pastry case looked downright unappetizing. Oh no, I know where I can get so much better.
5	Amazing food, super friendly staff, beautiful location... I love this bakery!The first time I went in here I had a banana and Nutella sandwich on multigrain and it was so so good. The staff were pleasant and quick with my order.There were lots of desserts to choose from too- I caved and went with this double chocolate chip cookie. It was the perfect texture and had a slight hint of salt to really balance the delectable chocolate flavor.They have lots of coffee drinks too with a description of their roasts. That's a good sign. Their hours are a little limited, thats my only disappointment.I'll definitely be back and will be spreading the word about this place!
4	Blue Berry Muffin!So good I had another.
5	This place definitely has the best baked goods in Charlotte that I have found to date... and, yes, I have been looking.  Hard.  Their selections are mouth watering.  I have searched high and low for a good pain au chocolat in this town and this place has the best one.  I also tried their sticky bun (amazing!) vanilla cupcake with chocolate frosting (a little dense but enjoyable) and the best egg and cheese sandwich on whole grain that I've had. I think the prices are extremely reasonable and the staff friendly.  The lady up front said that they have the biggest selections of baked goods towards the end of the week and that it never hurts to call ahead to see what they have available if you're looking for something in particular.  I definitely recommend checking this place out.  And, chances are, you'll see me there (actually here... I'm at the Sunflour right now -- yes, free wi-fi).  I'm debating my next order -- quiche? peanut butter and jelly scone? or cinnamon role?  Oh, but their muffins and cookies look heavenly, too!
5	Charlotte is finally catching up - this local & organic bakery made me feel like I was stopping in a cafe in Asheville.  Chalkboard menu tells you what ingredients are local and where they came from.  Stop in for lunch and try an amazing panini - I don't think you could go wrong with any of the sandwiches but my favorite is the salami - its spicy and cheesy and yummy.  You have to save room for dessert after all it is a bakery...and trust me you don't want to miss out...the chocolate chip cookie was one of the best I've ever had and I am dying to go back and try a savory scone.*Coffee is $2 - fresh and delicious - Starbucks might just get a few less dollars from me now. Hello Sunflour!
5	Let's take a trip down memory lane. When I was 14, I was psyched to be old enough to have a "legal" job so I could go to work for an epicurean shop that made chocolate truffles, sold gourmet food, catered events and had a little epicurean deli. It was undoubtedly one of the major influencing factors of my food snobbitude.Well this little shop had the best sandwiches, including a tuna melt that defined tuna melts for the rest of my life. I like my tuna melt melted, which seems obvious, but is apparently much harder than it might seem. In fact I would say fewer than 25% of my tuna melts ordered from other establishments are actually melted. I also like my tuna salad w/o drowning in mayo or a lot of celery. Blech. I also prefer my tuna melts with cheddar and on a rye or sourdough with a nice tang.  In the days since aforementioned epicurean shop, I have found very very few acceptable tuna melts, yet ever hopeful, I keep searching.Eureka!! Today I hit paydirt and Sunflour has the most delicious tuna melt I've had, rivaling or surpassing my original tuna melt! It had a hint of lemon which really added to it, as well as dill and NO celery. Hallelujah!! I subbed in cheddar and put it on Sourdough of course.  I savored every bite.Oh, but I guess most people don't come here for lunch (their options are admittedly limited to a few sandwiches).  They have a small case of sweet yummies including muffins, a cupcake or two du jour (one day it was key lime, today it was Coca Cola), cookies, bars, "pop tarts", buns (cinnamon, hazelnut orange, etc.) and scones. Now I have high standards for anything breakfasty.  I bake my scones lighter with buttermilk so they don't feel like a brick in my stomach after eating one. The Sunflour delivers. I would venture to say they are the best scones in Charlotte (besides mine and maybe those little butterscotch scones at Pewter Rose). Sometimes their cupcakes are great (devils food is best chocolate cupcake in town), but sometimes they're not as great and have crunchy frosting. Go for the smoother ganache frosting if you have a choice!Did I mention they make gorgeous wedding cakes?? They support local suppliers and have plenty of tables and counter and banquette seating if you want to stick around, but it's not super cozy, so I don't see this place turning into Amelies. If I no longer had student loans and a mortgage to pay off, this is the type of place I'd like to open.  I could see it now...
4	I feel like Sunflour is like Jersey Shore-everyone watches it,  is talking about it and I want to watch it but don't because I fear I will get addicted and it will be all I can converse about. Well addicted I may get ....to Sunflour not JS. I finally got to try this place out and was pleased with it! It's a very simple and clean store with lots of natural light coming through. Their menu and setup though? Holy baked goodness! They had just about everything a person with a sweet tooth could wish for--cakes, cookies, cupcakes, truffles, scones, pies, pop tarts, fig newtons and you get the picture. They had a pretty sweet coffee selection as well and their Americano knocked my socks off! It was smooth and bold as an Americano should be. I tried the Chocolate Creme Pie with the help of Miss Tonya P and the crust tasted like it had a stick of butter it in which is A-OK in my book. The creme was whipped deliciousness but the whipped cream wasn't as fresh as I expected, it tasted a bit stale. But it's all good, I will definitely be back to Sunflour for more java and sweet treat and to support a local business. Banana and Nutella sandwich.....I'm looking at you, you will get in my belly!
3	I want to like Sunflour, and if you look at the name and the bakery case as a piece of modern furniture, and maybe - just maybe - the cool blackboard-ish menu, then I probably do like it.  But then you look at the contents of the bakery case, rather than seeing it as an admirer from afar, and I get all antsy because I really see very little that excites me.If you watch How I Met Your Mother, it is much like stated by Barnabus Stinson in the Cheerleader Effect: Get a bunch of semi-decent looking stuff (women, or baked goods) together, and as a group they all look better/hotter (paraphrasing here).  Once you look closer, however, they all look quite a bit rougher.Luckily, Sunflour has no pastries that look like Marshall Eriksen.Regardless, the selection is decent, if not great.  And the food is decent, if not great.  I just find myself wishing that it was better, while at the same time I am glad that it is not better because I could totally see being there more often.
4	Delicious spot on Elizabeth.  I went recently to grab lunch, opting for a tasty BLT+ provolone and pickles panini.  They also have baked treats (cupcakes, muffins, cookies, cakes, etc).  From a lunch perspective it would be nice if they expanded the menu a tad or perhaps added more sides.  Chips are the only option.  It has the whole organic / local thing going on.  Design of the place was clean and simple - it made me feel like I was in a Nordic country.  Super friendly staff is a plus!
4	This is a cute little place.  I finally got a chance to try them out on a chilly, rainy Friday afternoon.  I couldn't try everything at once, so I checked out two mainstays -- a chocolate eclair with vanilla cream, and a loaf of sourdough bread.  The eclair was yummy -- not quite as fat or as densely pasted with chocolate coating as another place you might get your eclairs from, but I actually almost liked it better for not being quite so over the top.  It was a kinder, gentler eclair, but still tasted like fresh, quality ingredients.  The sourdough bread has a nice dense chewy crust, good texture, and that just-right sour taste and I think I'll go eat another piece right now.  I was pleased that one could, in fact, get cupcakes, scones, eclairs, pies, grilled cheese sandwiches, and crusty bread all in the same place.  No more deciding which bakery to head for before you leave the house.  Well, maybe unless you want a doughnut.  They also use local ingredients when possible, which is nice.  All in all, a worthy contender in a neighborhood where Nova's and Amelie's aren't too far away.
5	So my husband and I went in  yesterday for a little treat cause it's the start of a weekend.......I bought cupcakes to share with family and he got a roll ......GREAT....AWESOME... and the customer service gets an A plus.....going bake to get my (semi) sweet shirt.
5	I was visiting Charlotte this past week and heard about this bakery from a friend.  I went by for breakfast on Friday morning and it was so good, I had to come back with another friend on Saturday.  Everything is fresh and made from scratch.  Best bakery I have ever been to.  Excellent breads and pastries.  Their pop tarts, cinnamon rolls and muffins are all excellent, and their breakfast sandwiches are also terrific.  I wish they had a bakery like this in my neighborhood.
4	Stumbling in to this delicious haven of bread, cookies, and cupcakes was dangerous for my wasteline...but a treat none-the-less! I had several bites of many things -Chocolate Chip Cookies with Walnuts - So tasty almost Zebbs good ( a hometown favorite of mine- if you're ever near Upstate NY find these treasures!) Cupcakes in order from best to least:Strawberry- Light and perfect for summer Rolo (as in the hershey's candy! yummmmm)Guinness- I liked this one but we agreed it really did not taste like Guinness at all ...just chocolate with vanilla icing Mimosa- awesome concept ..not sure if I tasted the champagne in the frosting. But actually the real prize should go to the homemade crusty bread. We had the rosemary Olive Oil (used for two bruschetta-esqe rescipes). I will be getting myself some black pepper cheddar next time.
5	I'm bumping my stars up to a five because the multigrain bread I picked up today may actually be the best loaf of bread I've ever bought in Charlotte.
5	Oh where oh where do I even begin?The smell? The decour? The deliciousness that awaits? The display of sinfully-bad-but-you-gotta-try-em-pastries that stare at you as you walk in? I go weak in the knees every time I walk into SBC and it's both a blessing and a curse that this establishment is located a few blocks from my front door. I have no self-control when it comes to fresh out the oven muffins or brownies so good the taste stays with you all day. Perhaps one of my favorite new spots in Elizabeth, SBC boasts organic produce from around the area and makes muffins, sandwiches, poptarts, cupcakes and other delectables that are just a pure treat for the tongue. I'm not over-exaggerating at all. I hit this place up every weekend for their breakfast sandwich which I get on a fresh cheddar biscuit. There are always people hanging out in here and everyone walks out that place with a huge smile on their dial. I've tried just about everything (brownies, cupcakes, poptarts, granola, muffins, ham and cheese croissants, cinnamon buns, the list goes on). They're open Tuesday-Sunday and an absolute MUST STOP if you are living in or visiting the Elizabeth area. At first I tried to hide this place from others but apparently word go out.
5	Sorry Amelies, you have some serious competition (and there prices are better)!
3	I stopped by for a late lunch today, and sadly, was not very impressed with my experience. I ordered a panini style sandwich (salami and cheddar) on the multigrain bread. For 6 dollars and change I thought it was overpriced. The german chocolate cupcake was very good, but 3 bucks for a cupcake??? The desserts are beautiful .... I'll give you that. May return if I find myself in the area, hankering for something sweet.
4	What a great addition to the Elizabeth neighborhood.  7th Street deserves a place like this!I went in for the first time this past weekend before heading out of town.  I got an egg and cheese on sourdough for myself, an egg on cheese on multi-grain for my boyfriend, a cup of coffee, and a ginger carrot cake cupcake for the road.The coffee was just right - strong and rich.  (Nice to have an option besides Starbucks : )  The bread used for the sandwiches was excellent.  My one "eh" moment ?  The cheese on the egg sandwiches seemed to be American.  When all the other ingredients are such high quality, the cheese should match.  The cupcake an hour into the trip was AWESOME! I I couldn't get enough of the frosting, which strayed in the best of ways away from the standard carrot cake cream cheese.  This seemed to be a citrus butter creme.  The cake itself was light and moist.I will definitely return here.  Great atmosphere.  If you're looking for a place to spend some time doing work, chatting with a friend, or just stopping in, try Sunflour. The decor is beautiful.  Very clean, elegant, calming.  And the food is tasty.  I look forward to trying their "fig newtons" and "pop tarts" in the future.
3	3.5 stars.I enjoyed Sunflour, a nice bright looking place.  Not a "watch out for hipsters cradling their laptops in dark corners" type of place.  I don't think there was a single dark corner there.  No, its bright and happy like the name.I leashed up the old hound dog and walked just over a mile to grab a couple of cheesy biscuits and a decaf iced Americano because they didn't have decaf coffee a-brewing.  They were tasty biscuits, I mean they were soft and cheesy so yeah.  I'll have to try some sweet stuff next time.  Everything *looked* pretty good in the glass.Things that would be nice... maybe a little outdoor seating, for us who wander with dogs?  I think you could fit a little wrought iron table or two out on the sidewalk.   Aaaand while I'm at it, some more expansive hours... like till 8 on weekdays.  Or at least have a couple of people around to sell pies and cupcakes until 8, even if you can't swing keeping the whole kitchen staff on till late.  Now in the summer I can go wherever whenever, but if I get back on teachin' hours I usually don't leave school until 5:30, so I'm sure some folks agree.So that's why we get 3.5, the food was better than OK but I don't know if I'm quite a "fan" yet.  We'll try to work it out.
1	Bad Energy. I try to support local business and really wanted to like this place, but in the 6-7 times I have been there I have yet to feel like they haven't seen me as a burden on their day. I don't know what it is - it may be because I usually have my well mannered 2 year old daughter with me and they aren't overly kid friendly. They don't have highchairs and claim it is because of some restaurant code (I go to restaurants, I see high chairs...). I have had other friends with and without kids in the neighbor share similar experiences . I just heard they implemented a no stroller policy (not confirmed).   I don't want kids screaming and running around when I am eating either, but address it if and when it happens and don't have a smarmy sign up that says unattended kids will be given espresso.Other than that:Nice clean design, they added a couch and some comfy chairs recently, I think that helped. Their sandwiches are lacking, but I really like their chocolate croissants and pop tart knockoffs - almost gave them 2 stars for the croissants, but can't get past the lack of customer service. Coffee is not great, but they do sell the Cokes that Earthfare sells as Mexican Coke - I think it has real sugar as opposed to high fructose corn syrup - that is good, but I can get that at Earthfare.
4	A new happy place.  LOVE the hazelnut orange roll (huge, and both cinnamon roll and croissant like at the same time.  SO GOOD).  Fair trade coffee (major points in my book).  Definitely gives some competition to Amelie's (from which I am writing this review--oops!) in terms of coffee and food, but has much more limited hours. (You've gotta get that hazelnut orange roll during daylight hours--no midnight snack runs to Sunflour).  Clever shirts (are you 'bittersweet' or 'semi sweet'?) worn by staff and available for purchase.  And while I don't have a dog, they seem very dog friendly (dogs tied outside or sitting outside at one of 2-3 tables with owners).
3	3.5 Stars for me.Mixed reviews of this place.  I'm glad it's here.  The drinks are good and the atmosphere is bright and lively.  They have free wifi and a nice little space to use it in.  Charlotte needs more places like this one, maybe with a little more oomph!The baked goods are a little heavy (on the butter) and if you are looking for a quick healthy bite this is probably not your place.  The food choices are minimal and for a place that is so local there are not many (if any) vegan choices.The BLT is pretty good, and the orange/almond scented roll is a bombshell.  But the poptarts feel like Paula Deen made them.  Never tried a cupcake -- too much dairy!I suggest going and forming your own opinions.  Fun the first time, then easily forgettable.
4	We had read about the Sunflour Baking Company, so we decided to find it and give it a try one Sunday morning.  It doesn't look like much from the outside, being that it's in a strip mall that doesn't incorporate the use of eye-catching logos, but once you walk through the door, you're transported to a quaint, modern coffeehouse atmosphere.  It felt like a place where you could hang out and talk with friends for awhile, especially with the big living room set up.  We ooh-ed and ahh-ed over the display case of pastries and cupcakes.  I knew I wanted something substantial for breakfast, though, besides pastries, so I went with the egg sandwich, as that was basically all there was.  I ordered it with one of Sunflour's giant cheddar biscuits and was very glad I did.  The biscuit was phenomenal.  It really turned an ordinary sandwich into something extraordinary.  My partner wasn't crazy about the interior, though.  He commented that both the egg and cheese felt processed (even though I imagine they're not since they use organic and/or local ingredients).  Perhaps that's an opportunity for Sunflour?  Make the egg a little less processed looking and use a more unique, flavorful, chunkier cheese.  On the side, we also split a homemade fig bar.  It was a good size for sharing and was very sweet and tasty.  I loved it.  The chai latte was delicious as well.  I definitely want to go back to Sunflour.  I'd like to try some of their desserts as well.  And since they're open 'til 11 p.m. or midnight, it makes a great place to stop on the way home for dessert after dinner out to wind down the evening.
5	So you went on vacation to Paris and came back annoying your friends and family with your non-stop talk about how out-of-this-world the croissants were and how "America just doesn't get it...." or something along those lines, to which they roll their eyes at your pretentiousness.Well you can stop annoying everyone becaues Sunflour Baking Company makes a croissant to rival the City of Light's best!And now they stay open late ('til maybe 11p?) on Friday and Saturday and serve wine and beer. THIS PLACE RULES!
3	A trip to Amelie's after dinner resulted in spotting a line longer than Kim Kardashian and Britney Spears marriages combined. So what's a bunch of yelpers with a sweet tooth to do? Why pull up our yelp apps and look for alternatives of course. Thus we ended up at Sunflour Baking Company.The space is light and airy, it really gives off a feeling of cleanliness and you can even see them baking up some concoctions through a window to the kitchen. Very modern, even though I prefer a more cozy setting when chomping down on various sweets and pastries. It just doesn't have that feeling where you want to get some coffee and dessert and hang around to chat you know?I got a creme brulee while fellow yelper Leanne C. got a morning glory muffin. The creme brulee was rich and creamy, and I liked seeing the dark vanilla seeds sprinkled throughout. However this was more of a pudding consistency than that of a brulee, almost as if it hadn't fully set yet and it was just a bit too sweet for me after a while. I got to taste the morning glory muffin as well and it was excellent if a touch greasy.The best part about Sunflour was that wasn't a line out the door like Amelie's. I felt like some of the non pastry options were a little expensive for what they were. For now three stars until I can return and make a more accurate assessment. Maybe their late night lineup isn't as good as during other hours?
5	We need more of these in Charlotte.  This way I don't have to drive 20+ minutes to get my baked goods fix.  I first tried Sunflour after a co-worker suggested I check it out for the cupcakes. I ended up not only getting some kind of Rolo caramel/chocolate decadence creation, but a fruit danish, a slice of carrot cake, an oatmeal cookie and a chocolate chip cookie. Oh, and a freaking good whoopie pie. Some folks have commented saying the selection could be better, and yes, I agree, it could be. BUT...I'd much rather have a limited menu with well executed items (moist cupcakes with just enough frosting.  Cookies that are crisp on the outside and chewy on the inside. Whoopie pies that are so rich they make you want to take a nap after) than a case full of stale pastry. Love the clean light wood interior and the chalkboard menu.  The hallway on the way to the bathroom also features a big window so you can see all the chefs at work, making their magical flour creations. Next time, I'm trying the lunch items and like Tonya P suggests...the pie!  Drooling already.
5	Great place, wonderful people , and Excellent pastries.  I would give this place 10 stars if I could. you gotta try the Magic Bar.. its freaking magical.
4	Been here twice now and love the place, but misses the 5-star mark by a nose.First, the reasons why I love Sunflour Bakery:- Locally sourced organic ingredients: I can feel good about eating here. If it is good enough for me, it is good enough for you!- Counter Culture Coffee: it really is that good- Not sickeningly sweet: treats are tasty, yet not so sugary as to melt your mouth--allowing the opportunity to appreciate the more subtle flavors in their desserts (such as Duck Rabbit Milk Stout in their Chocolate Cake, with espresso frosting). The downside is, of course, you can cram more of their desserts down your gullet without feeling guilty.- Fun flavors: like the aforementioned stout beer cake and also rolo cupcakes!- Their bread looks, smells, and is deliciousWhere they missed the mark:- Timely service: took about 15+ minutes to get a sandwich. While acceptable for a sit-down oriented restaurant, this seemed a little slow to slap together some ham, cheese, and mustard on some bread. Don't come in expecting take-out speeds, even if there is a minimal line ahead of you.- Poor delivery system: I saw one of the employees searching aimlessness for the owner of a  pimento cheese on sourdough for a few minutes. I am not sure it ever found an owner. A slight overhaul of their system might increase the efficiency of the serviceThe staff are, however, friendly and helpful. No complaints there.Oh, and in case you were wondering the ham and gruyere sandwich is pretty good (especially the buttery-grilled bread) as a small lunch sandwich, but don't come in famished expecting to be filled up.I'll be back.
4	The staff is always friendly to me and they seem to really care about their job. I do like the bright interior and the music selection they play over the sound system.  I admire the fact that they try to provide food that is local and organic because it is consistently fresh and absolutely good. My favorite  is the egg salad sandwich on multi-grain bread. The pastries are also a winner and wonderfully fresh, BUT my favorite thing about Sunflour is the coffee! Absolutely and consistently fresh. My favorite drink is the caramel soy latte. Double thumbs up for homemade syrups (vanilla, caramel, and chocolate)! The only minor complaint that I have is that it's not a place to "nest". The seating here is stiff and sparse. Just tables spread out in a square or bar-like seating facing the window which doesn't always work out because the sun is slamming you in the face.  Definitely need some oversized chairs or couches in here. Sometimes you just want to hideaway with your coffee and not be outwardly seen.
1	This place is a joke.  The carrot cake was repulsive and made me want to throw up in my mouth.  The chocolate souffle wasn't much better.  I recommend some cooking classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	Our new favorite place for business meetings, I'm a big fan of the large french roast!
4	Three times I've visited Sunflour, in only a week's time.  There are so many great things to say about it... the cupcakes are to die for (particularly the key lime, yum!) but after three visits, I'm noticing more and more "flaws" in the perfect bakery experience.The Good:-Key Lime Cupcakes-Perfectly toasted sourdough bread on the sandwiches-Key Lime Cupcakes!!!!!-Some of the best egg salad I've ever had-CUPCAKES.-Friendly, amazing staff and patrons.The Bad:-OLIVES in the pimiento cheese.  The bread was perfectly toasted.  The pimieno cheese WOULD have been perfect, but there were olives in it.  I HATE OLIVES.  If you are going to put something so non-traditional in a standard like pimiento cheese, PLEASE warn the customers.  Especially when many (like me!) have olive aversions.The Ugly:-AMERICAN CHEESE, which is hardly CHEESE considering what it's made of (oil and god only knows what?) on the breakfast sandwich.  At a place like Sunflour, to put a slice of that disgusting product on a homemade croissant is just blasphemy.  I was so disappointed in my croissant breakfast sandwich.  First, it was american cheese, secondly, the farm fresh "egg" resembled... I don't even know what.  An egg mcmuffin egg is more realistic, and that's not a good sign.  Honestly, the $4.50 breakfast croissant was a huge disappointment, and hardly edible... the bread was a bit over cooked and dried out, the egg was a gross patty, and the cheese.  Oh, the cheese.  Give me real cheese.  Swiss. Cheddar.  SOMETHING. But not American.  I will be returning to my regular breakfast spots (bagels or breakfast burritos) and stick to Sunflour for lunch and cupcakes!
4	Sunflour's sandwiches are flavorful and fresh, the tea selection is extensive and I always find their teas to be of great quality (Not to mention they give you your on French Press which you can allow to steep as long as you please!). The coffee is decent ( although more options for add ins for customers, such as soy and different sugars would be great, considering the local/ organic propaganda all over the place). They also have some unique and delicious breads and pastries (We love the orange hazelnut croissant and the cupcakes are fantastic). Despite all this, I go here very infrequently solely because every time I do, I am guaranteed a disgruntled and unhappy cashier and extremely slow service. I've worked in the food biz for longer than I'd like to admit, so I know that dealing with Uppity Elizabeth customers can be taxing, but that's no excuse for the negative attitudes consistently encountered in the employees. In my opinion a more helpful and friendly staff is the only thing standing between Sunflour and becoming a beloved staple of the Elizabeth community.EDIT: After about 6 months, extensive additions to the menu and a new front of house crew, this place has earned my approval.
5	Love love LOVE Sunflour Baking Company.  Although everything I have had from there has been excellent, here are a few personal stand outs.1- The Croissant -- Unbelievably flaky, the entire way through. Not flaky in the first few layers and then fatty-tasting dough like a lot of other croissants I've had in town. It is so light and crisp, you forget there is butter between each layer and get carried away to another place  (cue the classical French music)2 - The Key Lime pie is the best I have ever had. It is so tart and yet so rich and luxurious that it becomes harmoniously in balance. The texture is also the silkiest I have ever experienced -- almost like there is marscarpone in the filling.3 - The chocolate dipped coconut macaroons - heaven. The macaroon part is so chewy and gooey and delicious and sweet, while the not-quite-as-sweet chocolate part tames it down and bit and adds a nice roundness to finish out a meal with. These would be perfect for ending a dinner party with a cup of coffee or a little Sauternes. I always talk about the food first in restaurant reviews because afterall, if the food is outstanding, that's really why we are returning there right? That being said I do love the clean lines and simple design of the bakery itself. It's not too frou-frou or fussy, leaving the treats themselves to be the highlight. Everyone there is always friendly and sweet (he he) and it is definitely, by far, the best all around bakery in Charlotte.
5	Awesome bakery that definitely satisfied my sweet tooth. Their bananna cream pie was delicious! The worst part about Sunflour Baking Co. is the inability to decide what to get...
4	Sunflour Baking Company is a great option in the Elizabeth neighborhood; babies, children, girlfriends, couples, and grandparents all co-mingle and enjoy.  The breakfast offerings are unique and plentiful: cheddar biscuits, homemade poptarts, raspberry croissants delight the palatte.  And lest you need a walk on the sugary side, your sweet tooth will be treated to options galore: chocolate dipped macaroons, mini chocolates, multiple flavors of cupcakes, a plethora of mini cakes and pies.  You can quench your thirst, no matter what time of day you dine; choose between coffee and wine (and ice cream, but I digress).  Now all this flavor comes at a price - Sunflour is not the cheapest option, and it'll cost you some dough to dine.  If local is your thing, definitely check it out.
4	I'll admit it, I kind of forgot we had this. I recently moved to this side of town though and I was on my way to Starbucks one day when it caught my eye. Oh yeah! Sadly it was Monday and they were closed, but I made a mental note to come back another day. So one sunny morning (or, as some people like to call it, late afternoon) I took myself out for some breakfast. I'm all for supporting local, and it paid off because my scone was delicious. I had to stop myself from ordering one of everything, but the giant muffins are definitely on my To-Eat list. The coffee was eh, ok, but considering it was like 4 pm I can let that one slide. It wasn't horrible, just wasn't a fresh pot. (I know, 4 pm. Some of us drink coffee then.)If I could change anything, I would swap out some tables for a few more couches. The little couch section looked so homey, but sadly they were all taken. This is just walking distance from my new digs, and I'll be bribing myself with treats after a walk in the future.
4	Last night was my first visit to Sunflour and it was a pleasant one. I got the triple chocolate cupcake and it was delish! It was everything a chocolate cupcake should be - dense, fudgy and not cloyingly sweet. The staff was very friendly. I will definitely be coming here often.
4	Great place. Love the atmosphere. Nice and bright (sometimes too bright). Not much of a coffee shop vibe going on. Definitely more of a grab and go or maybe stay and eat lunch kinda joint. Central coffee around the corner has more of a welcoming feeling. Love the baked goods though. Nice and fresh and the big windows let you see all of the happenings of the kitchen. Great for the cook/foodie at heart. Gets 4 stars for the wifi. Not sure what the problem is, but it tends to boot you off after a while. Be aware of this. As my job is in social media, I need constant internet access without interruption. May be a better place to camp out and read your latest book purchase....One of the good or great spots in Elizabeth.
4	Their dirty mocha has me completely hooked, and I don't think I will ever go to the Starbucks across the street ever again.  I would much rather support my local businesses.  My favorites are very simple: PB&J and the Nutella sandwich.  Yum!Next I will have to visit in the evening and sample the wines and desserts.
5	I wish I could metabolically afford to eat more of the sweet treats at Sunflour Baking Company! Their pastries, cupcakes, pie slices, croissants and other delicious sweets are affordable and the staff is so kind. I've never eaten anything in the bakery itself as I always take my goodies home, but the couches and ambiance seem so inviting! I absolutely die for the pumpkin whoopie pie and have to enjoy it in two separate sittings because it is so sweet. (Trust me, I don't mind one bit.)Their croissants are really large and it's amazing how many freakin' layers are in these things! You can immediately tell how much time and care the bakers put into these flaky pastries. I usually stock up on several goodies from Sunflour in one trip and savor them over a couple days (if they even last that long!) Do I dare say their baked goods may be better than another certain popular bakery in town beginning with an "A'? Eep!Sunflour Baking Company, keep doing what you're doing. You guys rock!
5	Breakfast Croissant is amazing!!
5	Let me tell you somethin!! I wish I had never found this daggone place! The cupcakes and sweets are simply irresistible! Whhyyyyyyy? LOL Homeade icecream too! And it doesn't  just look good (like some other bakeries I know) it is deelish! Definitely not the place you want to be on any type of diet. Sandwiches, wine, coffee, the works!  Quaint, cute and the staff is super friendly! Unfortunately for me and my hips...this is one of my new favorite places! SMH
5	Love their lattes and pastries in the morning and the dark chocolate raspberry cupcake for a late-night snack. They are a bit of a splurge for my budget, but I never regret it! Ambiance is clean, simple, and welcoming.
3	I drove past Sunflour many times without going in, although I always thought to myself, "Gee, I should go in." Fortunately, several weeks ago, we went for the first time, and I found everything to be perfectly A-OK!Now, I'd like to give them a better rating than A-OK. They're open fairly late, which is  alone worth major bonus points, and their baked goods are delicious. I especially recommend the magic bar. Furthermore, while they seem steadily busy, they don't get nearly as crowded as, say Amelie's does. So, why only 3 stars for Sunflour?They stop brewing coffee at 6pm. That might seem like a petty reason to dock a star, but at least for me, coffee and dessert go hand-in-hand. Lattes are available, but who wants to drink a latte with a slice of cake? That's overkill. It seems to me that if I were open and selling dessert until 9 or 10 at night, I'd keep the coffee brewing!
3	I like this place but my budget can't make me an "every-day-go-er", as I like to snack and work. I can't justify a $10+ breakfast (piece of cake and tea) all the time. With that being said, I like the items on the menu (freshly baked gets me the majority of the time and who doesn't a cupcake?) and atmosphere (sun shining through the windows, clean interior, chill environment). Mini-points-wish they had splenda (not the blue packets)-love the window down the hall that shows "baking in progress"-love the tea (no tea bags here, just leaves!)-Carmel cupcake is a must try-There's ice cream too
4	I love Sunflour! It's a fantastic place for a quick breakfast/brunch and a cup of coffee. It's also a great place to go in the evening to grab a cupcake, pb&j (I love the fact that they have pb&j on their menu) and a craft brew or glass of wine. My only complaint is they tend to run out of ingredients during peak hours, so don't get your heart set on (for example) an egg & cheese sandwich on a Sunday morning if you show up after the church crowd. Anyways, I love that they're local, the staff is great, the location is perfect and I love the vibe of the place. I'd pick Sunflour over Panera any day!
2	Kind of pricey for what you get.
4	Finally made my way over to sunflour baking company!  My motivation was their cupakes but the fact that they are known for making everything from scratch and use only the finest, freshest ingredients was certainly an added incentive.I tried the egg salad sandwich which was on homemade bread.  The bread was really what made this sandwich so tasty.  The egg salad itself was truthfully a little bland.  I wouldn't order it again.My friend tried the bacon egg and cheese and was very pleased.  the cupcake I tried was ROLO.  It was a dark chocolate cupcake with a dark chocolate buttercream and a rolo melted in on the top.  It was VERY good, but super rich.  It was bitter and had a heavy cocoa flavor.  The caramel from the rolo cut the bitterness a little but this cupcake would never be accused of being too sweet.  The cake part was so moist it was almost wet.  It was phenomenal.  The icing was extremely creamy and almost melted off the cupcake.   I found out they use all dark chocolate/bittersweet chips for their baking to keep things a bit healthier.  I can certainly appreciate that and I think had I known that beforehand I would have known what to expect from the flavor.  It was unique in a lot of ways.  It was a dense and heavy cupcake but very good and I look forward to trying some of their other flavors!4 stars.  I think they are a little overpriced and there aren't a ton of menu items.  I didn't think the crew behind the counter was very friendly either so I wasn't impressed from that point of view.I probably wouldn't come back for a sandwich but I will be back for more cupcake exploring.
4	If you appreciate an international flare and know what a good croissant is... this is your place.  Great coffee, selection of pelligrino, yummy pastries. Very cute place. The only changes I would make is serve salads and change up the seating so its not so formal, strip mall like. Other than that, the best baked goods any CLT bakery has to offer.
4	Yesterday I sampled their egg sandwich and a chocolate croissant. Both were fresh & delicious & worth messing with my gps to get me there.  The guy behind the counter was also easy on the eyes as a nice bonus:) Cupcakes and cookies looked divine too but I was already in a bit of a butter & sugar coma after the croissant:)
5	I've been coming to Sunflower for about a year. The Latte's & Raspberry Poptarts are hands down my favorite. The staff is so friendly, happy and welcoming.   They just extended their food menu to include more sandwiches, which is a plus.  Would love for them to add sausage to the breakfast sandwich menu as well as add bagel options if thats possible.  Then again...I'd have to just hand over my paychecks twice a month if they did.
4	Yes! I'm a fan of all the Baked goods I have tasted here!  Everything My friends, family and I have eaten here has been in the Yummy Desserts category, no serious food, wait what am I saying, I'll eat dessert for the meal(s) Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner, and AND I said! The Service is always friendly!  The Dinning area is comfortable and nice looking, though lacking Charm from my perspective!  Never seen any Cools here so it can not make my Lookalota list, yet!
4	Great lattes, delicious croissants, and huge breakfast sandwiches.
5	We hosted a baby shower for our friend here today. The owner, Debbie, was okay with us hosting the shower here last minute as long as we did it after the busy hours (9-1). It started at 1pm and we did not have a problem pushing together tables to accommodate our group of 9. All of the guests were so impressed with the delicious sandwiches and especially liked the three choices of homemade bread. I also heard everyone raving about how good the coffee and french pressed tea drinks were. The staff went the extra mile to make sure we had what we wanted, and even came to our table to take our orders. We were so impressed and I will continue coming to Sunflour Bakery. The Southern BLT is a favorite of mine as well as the German Chocolate cupcake. Thanks Sunflour Baking Company for serving fresh, homemade goodies with high quality ingredients and being and allowing us to have our party at your restaurant.
4	Try the fleur de sel cookie! AMAZING! Gotta love all natural ingredients. Makes you feel good about eating sweet treats. Great bakery!
5	Really delicious, quality pastries. Came here for breakfast and shared the cinnamon roll, hazelnut Orange roll, and chocolate croissant...all excellent!
4	Where has this place been all my life. Sunflour bakery is definitely going to "put a crimp" in my supposed gluten-free lifestyle.  We went because a friend of ours got a job there and we wanted to check it out and support him in his new state of employment.  Housed in a nondescript strip shopping center in the Elizabeth neighborhood, the interior was very pleasing, comfortable, and unpretentious.  There was just the right amount of hustle and bustle to make things seem busy and cheerful without being overpowering.  Nothing too cute or faux shabby chic about this place, just perfect baked goods and coffee.Unless you regularly travel to Paris, this is the place you need to go for the best croissant you have ever taken into your mouth.  We had the ham and Gruyere, and a chocolate one for dessert.  I only have one word...wow.  Flaky, crispy, buttery and heavenly.  They are not to be missed.  Coffee was superb and the cappuccino was perfectly prepared, rich, dark espresso with a magnificent thick head of expertly frothed milk.  We took a slice of carrot cake to go and ate it later at home.  It didn't disappoint either.  very moist, not too sweet, and obviously made with stellar, fresh ingredients and lots of love for their customers.  I can't wait to go back and "blow" my diet out of the water next weekend.
5	I just had to upgrade my review because I've been finding myself coming here more and more. They have garnered a trifecta of awesome from me.They have THE best croissants that I have ever had in my life. They are both fluffy and crispy, due to their three-day fermentation process (hey, it works for beer, so why not pastry?) and 27 layers of buttery goodness. Just writing this reviews makes me wish it were breakfast so I could get one with egg, bacon, and cheese.They also house my favorite cake/cupcake of all time (their caramel). The beauty is in how it is not over-sweetened and perfectly frosted. The moist density of the cake is amazing.Rounding out the trifecta is the fleur de Sel cookie with its truly masterful combination of dark chocolate and sea salt. There are simply no words. Get it!As a tip, you can call ahead and order to bypass the line during busy times.!
5	I love their croissants. Especially the chocolate one.
5	They have the best cupcakes!!! I've tried many others and these are the best!
5	All I can say is Nutella Pop Tarts........Every Sunday!!!
4	My husband and I typically go to Nova's Bakery once a weekend.  For a change of pace, I suggested that we try Sunflour.Not a lot of charm in this strip mall shop.  However, we were greeted with smiles and gentle dispositions.  I love the sign that says, "unattended children will be given espresso and a free puppy."  But, this did not stop the running and screaming of two chaps as their adoring grandparents looked on.We got the cheddar cheese biscuits.  Yummmmm-eee!  My husband claims to be a scone tasting expert and loves the dense texture of Nova's, so he tried a chocolate chip scone from Sunflour.  The consistency was more like a sweet biscuit from one of the fast food joints.I ordered a decaf coffee and was pleasantly surprised to get a latte.  I don't know if it was caffeinated or not, but it was so good that I wasn't complaining.This place had tables and chairs on the sidewalk so that we could escape the espresso filled, runner-screamer children.  I hope that their grandparents read this review and get a hint!Nice change of pace from our usual haunt.
4	I had a slice of cake from here for an office party. As soon as I bit into the cake I just had to ask where the cake was purchased from. Rich, moist cake and a not too thick layer of creamy vanilla frosting. Fantastic; far better than cake I've had from other popular bakeries in Charlotte. Can't wait to try a cupcake from here! Only downside is that their treats are on the pricier side, but definitely worth it.
4	Rosemary bread to the rescue, per usual!I love coming here. I love their selection of treats, they have a large variety of breakfast pastries (I am a sucker for those cinnamon buns), cupcakes, breads, sandwiches, and drinks. I LOVE their rosemary bread. I always say I am gonna try and buy a loaf but I know I'll eat the whole thing before I even make it to the car.While Im not totally pleasant in the morning and I don't expect a parade from anyone in the mornings, a little more enthusiasm or gentleness in customer service wouldn't hurt. However, nothing would ever stop my from constantly coming back to Sunflour!
3	This review is only about their baked goods, as I've never tried their sandwiches, drinks, etc.  While some of the baked goods are pretty good, many are overpriced for the quality of baking.  The cupcakes are expensive, yet flat on top.  The $7 individual pies look like a beginning baker made them..seriously, if a miniature pie is going to cost that much, there is no reason it shouldn't look perfect.  And they are ALWAYS out of their very good bread.
4	Great cupcakes, pastries, baked goods, and breads.The workers here are super nice and the shop is clean and cute.I wish I could have tried more stuff, but I only had the chance to try their cupcakes. They were moist and full of flavor. If you're looking for a sweet treat, make sure to come here. They are also on the outskirts of Uptown Charlotte, so parking is so much easier here.
4	OMG - I experienced the Sunflower Baking Co. for the first time this past Saturday and all I can say is yum! I've been dreaming of that cheddar biscuit for the past two nights - crack on a plate. This is my favorite new morning meeting spot (and it's just down the street from home).
5	Great breakfast sandwiches and croissants!
5	Bday today and knew we were going to eat thru the day, so right after getting our chompers cleaned at the dentist, I wanted to start with a nice breakfasty type item and selected a scone.  Let me tell you, even with a quasi "scope" taste in my mouth, this scone ROCKED!   Crispy flakey crust on the bottom and delicious through out...I'm a fan now!
4	CUPCAKES is pretty much all I have to say here. They have good coffee and lots of other menu items that I haven't had. Though, the other day I had a chocolate croissant and it was probably the best one I've had in awhile. Picture proof below.
5	What a treat! A family owned local business where sustainability and quality ingredients are valued. So happy to have another place like this to support! Desserts are amazing and do not have that syrup sweet taste of refined sugars. Sandwiches are amazing too! Even a little options for loose leaf teas. Seating could be made a little cozier...
5	Almond croissant is perfect! Crunchy outside, soft layers inside, with not too much almond paste.
4	I came in here for lunch one day with my husband and friend and we all got the pimento cheese sandwiches. They were amazing! It has two kinds of cheese and roasted tomatoes but the real kicker were the green olives. The olives were salty and add a wonderful flavor note. The atmosphere reminded me of a relaxed coffee shop. There were some people in there just having coffee and also using their computers but it wasn't crowded which was great. We did go on a Friday so the crowd could be bigger on weekends. We sampled one of the cupcakes and a chocolate cookie. The cupcake was buttercream frosting which I am usually not a huge fan of but it was very delicious. I can't wait to go back and sample some of the other sandwiches they have here as well as some soup!
3	The service isn't the best..but the blueberry lemon muffin was delicious! I also got a cupcake for my friend & she loved it. I would really like to come back for one of their sandwiches.
5	This is a cute little bakery in Elizabeth and they serve fantastic baked goods and coffee. We ate here for breakfast and had one of the melted sandwich's which was excellent and ordered a couple of baked items to go. The p-butter cookie was one of the best I have ever had and my husband loved the blueberry scone. The only, and I mean ONLY thing I would change about this place is to relocate to a quaint location in Elizabeth as opposed to a strip mall. It gets busy fast so get there early.
3	The location is a little out of the way in a small strip mall with limited parking but worth it! The Almond croissant is perfect! Crunchy outside, soft layers inside, with not too much almond paste and a light amount of sugar on it.  I also had a bacon egg and cheese on a Croissant and had really good flavor.  One thing I was really impressed with was the latte I had. I honestly didn't expect the it to be good. Whatever espresso they use was had great flavor!  They used a great blend of white chocolate with it.  So many places turn a latte in a syrup drink which I hate so props to these guys!  My only complaint was the service wasn't great the kids working there forget part of our order and really didn't seem to know much of anything.  I plan on going back when I am back in town for sure!
5	My daughter and I stopped in for a late lunch.  I had tried their cookies before. ...which are incredible. ...but this was the first time getting a sandwich.  Oh my! SO GOOD! Fresh ingredients on fresh baked bread. I will be back again!
2	Had lunch there and confused on the wonderful reviews .  Had the BLT and the bread was so hard it hurt to bite into . The others at the table were also complaining of the same thing . Sandwiches come with nothing and saw nothing on menu that shows you can add chips etc .  My daughter did have a cupcake which was decent but not anything special . Left disappointed and still hungry .
1	Used to be good. Good selection, good food, but not anymore.It seems to have gotten more popular than they can really deal with, they are constantly sold out of anything worth eating, the staff is harried and discombobulated.It is a shame to watch a nice neighborhood place dissolve into this, but I no longer go there, and I suggest that if you do... GO EARLY, they don't bake enough to make it until 9:30AM last 2 times I bothered.
3	I stopped in for a specific cupcake (blondie cupcake) that was recommended to me and was pleasantly surprised that it was as good as described. The cupcake was dense and flavorful and the icing was perfect... not too sweet and didn't leave a gross mouthfeel like some cheaper icings do. I was, however, disappointed that there were so few options for the baked goods. Maybe it was close to closing time and they had already sold most of it? I wasn't too impressed with the staff either. They seemed bored and completely uninterested in providing customer service.
5	Heck yessss cheddar biscuits!! My husband and I stopped in for a cappuccino and a dirty chai latte (a chai latte with two shots of espresso - highly recommended) and I couldn't leave without trying a cheddar biscuit because they looked so amazing! I had a cheddar biscuit sandwich and it melted in my mouth. Each bite tasted incredibly fresh and was filled with sharp cheddar flavor. I'd happily go back often if we lived in the area.
4	We were renting a house a few blocks away and I quickly found this awesome cafe and bakery.  I stopped in every morning for the entire week.The Great:-  The baked goods.  The croissant were amazing - flaky, buttery, decadent and delicious.  I can honestly say it was the best croissant I've had in the U.S. -  The staff.  Friendly and helpful.-  POS system.  I loved getting my receipts emailed to me (great for expense reports!)The Average:o  The panini press sandwiches were decent, but after tasting the baked goods, why order a sandwich?o  The coffee.  The drip coffee was good, but not astounding.  The latte was also A-OK, but the foam was a bit limp and the coffee tasted a touch burned.  With that said, it was completely satisfying.Overall a solid 4 stars and I look forward to visiting again!
4	Pimiento Cheese Sandwich!  They're awesome.  The lattes are pretty good, and as you would imagine, the pastries and breads are amazing.  I had some kind of mocha stout cupcake also.  It was light in texture while super rich in flavor.  I barely finished it, but had to so I could also sample my giant chocolate chip cookie!  It was pretty good, too.They also use organic flour which is nice to see and support many local farmers and food purveyors including Counter Culture Coffee, Lindley Mills, and Charlotte Very Local Honey.Awesome place!  Go there!
3	This used to be my go-to for breakfast - but the last two times, I have been disappointed. The service is spotty (either super nice/helpful or not at all) and often times they are out of most of the baked goods. I once waited 40 minutes for a bacon egg and cheese. All that being said, if you go at the right time and they happen to have the cheddar biscuits- get one! It's totally worth it.
1	You come for the croissant and they are out of croissants. On a Sunday morning, they are out of croissants.
5	I absolutely love Sunflower.  It's bright, clean, open atmosphere is a nice change of pace from other popular coffee shops that tend to crowd up on the weekends.  Their food is absolutely delicious--I might be developing an addiction to their Black Friday sandwich (turkey, cranberry-apple chutney, and happiness) and their coffee is very good, too.  All of their staff are also super friendly and seem to be fairly knowledgeable about what they serve. Definitely worth checking out if you are in the mood for some good coffee or lunch.  And don't forget to pick up a loaf of fresh-made bread, too.  Their Rosemary-Olive Oil is divine.
4	Now that I found out I can't eat wheat, I learned there is only one thing on the menu that is gluten-free.  Because of what this restaurant stands for, I would expect a little more.  Everything else is great though.
4	I happened to see this place driving to midtown and am always attracted to family-owned and/or non-chain locations. I was extremely impressed with the website, the vegan options, and the fact that they donate their unsold goods to charity. Can't go wrong with that, so I was happy to patronize.SBC is situated in a quiet and scenic part of Charlotte, neighbored by other trendy and fairly new restaurants in that area. We visited on Sunday morning, and I opted for the dark chocolate macaron and a chai latte. The macaron? Absolute perfection! It was creamy, pillowy, slightly crunchy, and the chocolate just melted in your mouth. The latte was good decent--what one expects from a chai latte.I then had the fig, brie, and apple sandwich. I was really excited to try this as I've made a similar version at home that was good. With professionals making it, I knew it would be superb.I wasn't thrilled. Brie was a bit too mild and subtle to pair well with the sweetness of the fig jam. A sharper, more pungent cheese would be a better option so you're really getting the combination of sweet and savory. I was little shocked at the price tag too. In all we had the following: two sandwiches, a latte, an Izze, a macaron, and a muffin. Total? $29.99. That seems a bit much. Now give me a dozen macarons? I'll gladly pay that much, but it seemed a bit pricey for what we ordered. I could be wrong though. I'm not holding that against them.My only other complaint is the preparation of the sandwiches. While I was waiting for my order, I noticed that the preparer was handling food with his bare hands. This was extremely off-putting, and I nearly said something but was discouraged. If there is one thing I don't like it's someone handling my food without gloves. Yes, I know, it probably happens all the time in restaurants I visit and never see it, but the difference was I DID see it. I tweeted my discontent on April 13 in the hopes that they might change this, but I haven't gotten a response. I'm not angry--I just think it's a better way to do business. Will I go back? YOU BETCHA. The staff was brilliant--big smiles and happy faces, so I can definitely see this becoming my new Sunday morning spot to bring my friends to.
1	Horrible service. Horrible food at a high price. Stopped in to try this place for breakfast. Got an egg sandwich with avocado and tomato. This cost me $8.01, after waiting ten minutes too long my order came. After getting to work they had forgotten my tomato. Leaving me question how a $6.40 egg sandwich ended up being a $8.01 piece of garbage. Never again.
5	Pastries are excellent-- best in town. Love the almond croissants. Also love the orange hazelnut roll.
5	Holy batman that croissant is so good! I dropped in on my way to work this morning and was delighted to find that they serve Counter Culture coffee. I quickly learned that they also have the most magical croissants in all the land... at least in Charlotte. I come from a long line of professional bakers (I'm not sure what happened to me!) and promise that these will surprise and delight you.The shop itself is very cute and rather large. It looks like a great place for lunch and a perfect spot to get some work done.
5	Hands down the best bakery in Charlotte. I love their breakfast sandwiches and cupcakes.  Hey, cupcakes for breakfast are ok, right? :) the peanut butter cup is the best! On the way to the bathrooms in the back there is a huge window to watch all of the action on the kitchen.  Fun for kids to check out.
4	This bakery is absolutely amazing! I had a muffin the other day and it was the best muffin I've ever had in my life. It was not at all dry. Not only does Sunflower have great food but they don't use artificial ingredients or preservatives. Their breakfast sandwiches are also awesome. I love that they have organic coffee and they even have their own version of a pumpkin spice latte that does not have all of the bad ingredients the Starbucks latte has. I stop here most mornings on my way to work. The only reason I'm giving four stars rather than five is because we went one Sunday for a meeting either our realtor and the ac wasn't on.
1	This bakery comes up when you search for gluten free bakeries.  The only thing gluten free they had was chocolate dipped macaroons.  I won't be back.
4	I really enjoyed the variety this place has to offer and the environment was amazing as well. I loved the oatmeal pie and the whoopie pies, along with the quiche Lorraine. I plan on going back to try several more of their baked goods, as well. I could easily see this place becoming a hangout.
3	I got the Avocado Melt. It was good, but very small.  Especially for an $8 sandwich.  The iced coffee is bitter tasting.  I'm mad at myself for paying $12 for essentially a snack. I went next door to the Chinese Restaurant afterwards and paid half that for twice the food.
5	For any of you who may have stopped coming to Sunflour (for whatever reason) there is no longer a reason.  The atmosphere is cozy and clean, the employees are helpful and seem HAPPY, and my personal favorite (other than the AMAZING pastries ---which, by the way, have always been the case here) THEY ARE NOW OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK!!!  I no longer have to come on a Monday (which for some reason was so often when I seemed to want pastry???) only to find it closed!!!  Also, I really love the customer contact and appreciation venues.  Those who used to come and stopped and you who have never come here....this is THE BEST BAKERY IN CHARLOTTE!!!  And I take my pastry very seriously because I don't spend those calories without careful consideration....
3	Preface: Sunflour has recently found itself under new ownership so I waited to write this review until I went back a few times. Review: I am very conflicted with Sunflour right now. I loved this bakery for their sandwiches, the treats, the coffee, and definitely the laid back but adorable atmosphere. They have Counter Culture coffee, which I really enjoy, so the coffee is a great draw. Their treats still seems to look good - they have a great array of cupcakes (the Carrot Cake is fantastic but there are some I still need to try!), many types of muffins (the Morning Glory is holy), and other types of treats from whoopie pies, cake, pie, tarts, cinnamon buns, cheddar biscuits, croissants, scones, and basically anything else a great bakery should have. They have great options for breakfast and lunch sandwiches; I am a fan of their 'TAB' (turkey, avocado, bacon). They also have this Rosemary Sourdough bread that is, for seriousness, off the chain. I always want to buy it to take home but I know for a fact I would eat it in one sitting with zero hesitation; so I refrain. Clearly, I enjoy their food. However, the food is nothing if the service behind it is not up to par. I don't know what is happening, and I made sure I came twice over a decent amount of time under new ownership to let them work out their kinks, but the service has become extremely below average. The place always had a slower pace, and even though I'm an instant gratification person, I accepted it and enjoyed it for what it was because it was still reasonable. The second to last time my boyfriend and I came, we ordered two sandwiches and one coffee, and we could tell the girl behind the counter was not focusing and I was already preparing for a slip up. Well, 10 minutes later, no coffee, she caught me looking and literally gasped "oh no!" She brought us two coffees and said "I am so sorry I forgot." Meh. Strike one but thank you for the extra coffee. 15 minutes after that (so 25 minutes after ordering) we still had not gotten our sandwiches and noticed plenty of others had. Finally we mentioned it to a different person at the counter and they were legitimately surprised, realized they were never ordered (strike two), had our sandwiches instantly made and brought out to us. We were annoyed but just happy to have our food. To our surprise, the man at the counter told the manager who came out, spoke to us, apologized, explained the new ownership and employees, refunded us our meal and gave us additional coffees. I was very impressed with their acknowledgment and amends to the mistake. We ate our food and chalked it up to a bad day. We came back again this afternoon, to a pretty empty bakery (maybe two or three other people), ordered two sandwiches and two coffees. We got our coffees quickly (a little burnt but not ruined), then our sandwiches came out. Mine was not as ordered (stroke three) so I asked them to please fix the sandwich. They apologized (the sandwich maker missed the line of what to leave out), and brought out a new one. It was again not as ordered (strike four), so I brought it back up, she apologized again, offered a free cookie, and brought it back out again as ordered. Epilogue: All in all, the food is still good but this place has dwindled quite a bit in my book and clearly has a lot of kinks to work out with the communication from front to back of house. Four me, four strikes is enough to hesitate returning back here, which truly makes me very sad.
4	It's been a while since I've stopped in Sunflour Baking Company. They recently changed ownership, spruced up the place, and expanded their hours (they're open on Monday now!) I've always been impressed with the friendly folks working here and their delicious lattes (chai latte - yum!) and pastries (Guinness Stout Cupcake - wow!), and sandwiches (anything made on a cheddar biscuit or croissant!). All of those things have remained impressive with the new team.My minor gripe is the wait. I don't want to knock them too much since they're making everything fresh when you order, but it's not a place I can count on to get in & out of quickly. So if you've got a few extra minutes in your day, be sure to visit the new & improved Sunflour Bakery.
5	I love this coffee shop. They have really good coffee, breakfast sandwiches (Egg, bacon, cheese croissant and egg, ham, cheese croissant). The only thing they need to add to their menu is egg whites.The baked goods are pretty delicious. The nutella poptart is yummy and great to share with someone.Also, everytime i've been here the customer service has been good too.
4	First non chain place in Charlotte I've really liked! The croissants are huge and crunchy on the outside with soft, buttery insides. I also had a carrot cupcake, soft and spicy with cream cheese frosting. Pretty good. The cases were full with lots of fresh looking pastries which is not always the case in bakeries. I want to come back to try a key lime pie.
5	This is a lovely little cafe located at the point on 7th Street. They have lots of tables inviting you to sit fir a while.  enjoyed the carrot cake cupcake and boy, it did not disappoint! It was the only choice for me esp. since there was only one left. It was not overly most but yet melted in my mouth. The cream cheese icing was over the top delicious. I think they put a  little something extra in it just for me! Service was great too!
5	If you want great coffee, breakfast or lunch sandwiches, and really great pastries/desserts, come here! The service is really fast and friendly. We love to come here in the morning for breakfast whether it's eat-in or to-go. Eating in (or on the patio seating outside) is always so peaceful and fun.Also a big plus - they serve Counter Culture coffee...so I have no idea why you would go to the Starbucks next door when there is basically pure gold being served at Sunflour!
5	On way to airport I picked up Ham n Gruyere Panini on homemade Rosemary sourdoh. EXcellent. Take THAT usair. Sunflour is a happy bustling biz. Good service, smiling faces. Applause....
5	Great products and good service - had to wait a bit today because of a lot of customers, and the barista brought me a free chocolate cookie as a result!  Highly recommend this place.
2	I love this bakery but the customer is practically invisible for them. Last time I went after dreaming of the cupcakes, nobody acknowledged me for 20 minutes. I had to walk away and it seemed like nobody cared. Awful customer service.
4	Baked goods, coffee, and sandwiches are all fantastic here. I always want to try everything they have in the display case! I also love the brightness of the cafe.
