3	The hotel has only been open for one year. Staff is friendly and helpful. The quality of food needs to improve with regards to room service. I ordered oatmeal and was delivered oats. It wasnt cooked. My english muffin was maybe in the toaster for a second, by the time i received it i had to reheat in microwave. It didnt appear to be toasted at all. They did comp my breakfast. I appreciated the comp but I was hungry! Maybe next time :)
4	Best lodging that I've stayed at since I've been coming to visit my daughter attending ASU. I booked the room using Priceline and was worried when I got Holiday Inn. The rooms were gorgeous. The living room was beautifully decorated with couch desk area, lounge chair and flat screen t.v.. The bedroom had two queen beds that were very comfortable. This is the only place I will stay from now on.
5	Spent the weekend to take part in the local dragon boat races. One of the reason the team chose this place was for the shuttle service, and they did not disappoint! Clean rooms, friendly staff. Even provided some box breakfasts for the team who couldn't take advantage of their breakfast buffet!
4	I had an early morning flight out of Phoenix and I live in Tucson, so I thought I'd book a hotel room near the Phoenix airport to avoid a middle of the night escape out of Tucson. I figured that I'd probably find a long term parking lot outside the airport, but when I checked in, I found that this hotel offered parking for only $5 per day and with free shuttle service to boot (across the street, it was $10 per day), even though I was not staying in the same hotel when I came back. When I went to my room, I discovered that they had put me in an accessible room, which had tons of space! I could've set up a volleyball court in there. The bed was super comfy and the AC worked like a dream. Very courteous staff from the desk staff, to the bartender (Kiltlifter on draft!), to the shuttle drivers. All in all, a very good experience. I'd definitely stay here again.
5	This hotel is new, built in 2010-11, the airport is very close but don't worry you won't be disturbed by the noise.The rooms are large, very clean, the staff is very friendly. There is a pool, business center, gym center, restaurant, free parking, well everything you need to have a perfect stay.Very nice stay at this Holiday Inn, will repeat!
2	Go someplace else there are better hotels in there area.  They don't serve lunch.  The management has no idea what is going in and all I have heard is excuses and everyone here blames someone else. No place to get an aspirin unless you drive or get a shuttle to take you someplace.
4	VERY close to the airport, took me just a few minutes to get there.  The hotel looks relatively new, rooms were clean.  Room rate and amenities were typical of a Holiday Inn.  Staff wasn't bad, but not the friendliest.  There were several occasions when I was going in/out of the hotel when there was no one manning the front desk.
4	Got bumped while traveling USAirways to the west coast. US Airways gave me a distressed travelers coupon and a phone. I selected The Hilton property. Should it happen again or to you, this is where to end that leg of the journey. Great breakfast Buffett with fruit, eggs and pastries, just what you need when recovering from a missed flight connection.
4	This is a high end Holiday Inn near the airport. It is a very nice property that includes a restaurant and a bar. They offer a free shuttle to the airport twice an hour. Unfortunately there aren't any other restaurants or shops within walking distance but their shuttle can take you to places nearby.  If you are staying in Phoenix or just want to be near the airport, I highly recommend.
2	As a business traveller.The hotel is new, clean, and nicely furnished.  The linens, bed, pillows are nice.  The towels pass the softness test.  Looks new.  This place is certainly not a dump.It's the little things that make me not want to return....The fails:- shower curtains hung to high - or shower curtain too short - the bottom is just an inch or two below the top of tub.  The blast of water could and will easily shift the curtain and cause a water mess thus causing a person to slip on the tiled floor hit their head on the toilet and get a concussion - or worse.- the soap holder in the shower is soo large that I actually hit my head on it and almost got a concussion.- teeny tiny soaps for such a HUGE suite- the computer desk has sharp edges that are quite uncomfortable when rest arms on it while using mouse.  Leaves red marks on my arms as I write this review.- the breakfast buffet - I was aghast when I went to check it out - The food looking absolutely horrid.  I would take the HI EXPRESS food over this.  Did not attempt to eat any - just walked away and got a coffee.- cheap $5 clock radio making odd noises - I much prefer the Hilton clock radio.- weiirdly loud A/CThe rooms are HUGE - at least my suite was.  The parking lot may be a tad small.  The hoitel seems quite popular.  There is nothing in walking distance - restaurant, ..etc.  The road noise is audible in my room.
5	Great place to stay in the area. The bistro is very good too and the hostess who works there is amazing! Try the miso salmon or any other dishes.
3	Breakfast was just ok. I had to ask for a clean coffee mug due to lipstick on it. The yogurt parfait was not even made fresh. I hate to complain but it just was not all that!
3	Slow internet connection. No coffee available downstairs (constantly out). Breakfast was gross. Room was clean so that was a plus. But as a business traveler coffee and internet are foundation.
5	Today's tip of the hat to Someone Who Went Above and Beyond...Have you ever seen those circus acrobats who juggle 30 plates, and never drop one?  That's what I was reminded of as I stood in line waiting to check in.  Erika was bounding between two separate computers, rushing to and fro (as she was the only one on duty), checking in groups simultaneously, and also answering the phone.  The amazing thing?  She was calm and polite on the phone, even though we could all tell that the callers were doing their level best to be extraordinarily fussy.  You know how you can piece together a call by only hearing one end of it?  "Yes, sir, I can do my best to predict within 30 seconds the exact departure of tomorrow morning's airport shuttle scheduled for 6 am."  Etc.  But she ended each call with a smile.Ok, so we've established that she's adroit.But I haven't even told you the best part yet.When I was up, I greeted her, and forked over the obligatory card and ID.  I figured I'd alleviate some of the stress by making a wry remark.  And here's what it was:"Hi, Erika, how's your evening?  Good?  Good.  So I believe you have a booking for me, the presidential suite with a complimentary house Ferrari."It was a Holiday Inn.  I patted myself on the back for the quip.Then, Erika:"Yes, Mr. D'Andrea, we have you booked in that room, and I can even go ahead and upgrade you to a suite with an ocean view."Straight face.  Then, big smile.We were in Phoenix.  Great one, Erika.A Tip of the Hat for wit.
1	I'll start by saying that I didn't actually have the opportunity to stay at this hotel. However, I did spend several hours at the hotel in another room, and will say that the hotel was quite clean and the rooms were spacious and what you'd expect from the Holiday Inn chain. My review is based on the fact that due to the fact we booked through Hotwire.com we were turned away due to the hotel being overbooked. We arrived at the hotel at 5:30, approached the check-in desk, and handed our ID to the clerk (I'll call her O - what happened wasn't her fault, and you could tell she must have been new). As soon as she started entering information into the computer I knew that something was wrong - she had a look on her face that indicated she knew she was about to have a difficult and confrontational conversation. O informed us that unfortunately the hotel had oversold their rooms by 6, and that since Hotwire and Expedia were at fault their customers were being sent to a different hotel. We informed her that our in-laws were already checked into the hotel, and that we would prefer not to be sent elsewhere. O told us that since Hotwire and Expedia were to blame for the overbooking, their customers were being turned away. We tried pointing out that our reservations had been made a month ago, but that apparently didn't change anything. We were assured that alternate arrangements had been made for us, and were given directions to the Twin Palms Hotel and told that a shuttle could take us immediately. We indicated that this wasn't acceptable, asked to speak to a manager, were told that there wasn't one available, and advised that the Twin Palms was the only option. At this point we went up to my in-laws room to talk about our situation. The first thing we did was go online and lookup information on the Twin Palms Hotel. Here are some of the highlights - it's recommended by 51% of reviewers on TripAdvisor.com (vs. the HI 87%), is rated 2 stars by several review websites, and has several recent reviews with titles such as "Not Called the 'Sweaty Palms' for Nothing", "Closing Soon for Badly Needed Renovation", and "A Hotel That is Clearly Falling Apart". This was clearly not an equivalent alternative, and obviously a downgrade in the quality of the lodging that we had planned on staying in. My in-laws had also driven through the neighborhood that the Twin Palms is in the night before, and did not have anything nice to say about it. Since we weren't getting any help from the front desk staff we called Hotwire to discuss our predicament and ask about alternative, equivalent, lodging. Unfortunately, there were no rooms to be found in all of Phoenix Saturday night (literally - we couldn't find anything online either). We tried the same on Hotels.com and many brand name websites to the same conclusion - every hotel in Phoenix was sold out. Let me clarify that last statement; a place called the Knight's Inn, with a 1-star rating and multiple complaints of bed bugs, did have 2 rooms.By now it's after 7:30, we're hungry, and don't have beds to sleep in. We spoke to O one more time and were told that nothing had changed - there were no rooms and our only option was the Twin Palms.  At this point my wife and I elected to simply leave Phoenix and catch a flight back home. Here's the highlights of the email that I have sent to the Front Desk Manager at the Holiday Inn:1. Our rooms were booked a month in advance of this stay. If they were overbooked at that time there was ample time to contact us, or Hotwire, to make alternate arrangements. 2. They blamed Hotwire for the situation (and Hotwire blamed them right back). I'm sure this is a complicated situation with their reservations system, but this is my view - IHG contracts with Hotwire to sell rooms for them. They need to honor bookings that are made via their website, and not discriminate against their customers when the going gets tough. 3. They clearly tried to send us to an inferior hotel. If they think their hotel is the same quality as the Twin Palms then they're kidding themselves. 4. They offered no compensation to us when we were told there weren't rooms available, and wouldn't provide a manager to talk to us.
4	It's been a while since I have stayed at a holiday inn. I was pleasantly surprised. Nice updated interior, good breakfast and a pool plus free parking for the airport. Definitely would stay again.
3	I arrived at the hotel parked my car in the lot and went inside. The hotel was clean and air conditioned which was a huge plus since it was so dang hot outside. My room was nice it seemed recently updated. The air was on and the shades were closed to prevent the sun from baking the room. Wifi was free. They offer a full serve restaurant and bar but I didn't try either of them. Not sure if I would stay here again but that is because there is nothing really lose to the hotel.
1	Don't stay here, it has a fowl smell like sewer and we paid for a King size bed suite and got whatever was left( 2 double beds) won't stay here on our layover when we come back from our honeymoon..yes we told the hotel clerk we were on our honeymoon. and she said that's what happens when you book  on line....
5	If you pay for park n fly package you get to park your car there for free up to 14 days. Perfect if you come from Tucson and want to skip the pay at the terminal parking.Most of my flights are late so it works out perfectly. Other than that the hotel is in great condition nice and clean. Great value + free parking = win!
