4	Beautiful nail salon. Just opened but 2 pro's running it. It's new, clean and beautiful colors.  Love the hospitality.  Jen is just the best nail technician I have found in scottsdale. Lucky I found her. She is adorable, professional and accommodating. Her Hubby Ricky does the pedicures and he also is hard to beat. Great foot message. Thank you.  I wish you both the best success.  Your loyal client. Nat.
5	You have to check this place out! It's absolutely gorgeous compared to other nail salons! It's new, clean and sanitary. They even have a mini fridge stocked with coke, diet coke & bottled water! Service is 5 star: Jen is an excellent nail technician! I followed her to her new place because she is the best at what she does! Plus it's always fun to chit chat with her like we've known each other for years! Richie gives an ahhmazing pedicure: He takes his time and when he massages your feet/legs, he incorporates pressure points! They also offer waxing & lash services as well. You truly get your money's worth here!Check them out and you'll be glad you did!
5	I'm picky about my nails and I have been to a few nail salons since moving to Scottsdale 5 years ago.  I ADORE Jen.  She is a great nail technician, friendly, and personable.   I was THRILLED to find out that she and her husband have an entrepreneurial streak - and so they have opened up their own salon....and are picky about their business as well.As a fellow entrepreneur, I am pleased to see her focus and attention to detail on pleasing the customer - making sure that everything was top-notch.  And Ricky makes a mean cuppa coffee as well!I HIGHLY recommend Lavish Nails.  I'm not going anywhere else for my gel manicures and pedicures.  :-)
5	Just walking into this place you feel relaxed and happy; it's beautifully decorated. I had the whole place to myself (because it's brand new and they're still trying to get the word out) and they made me feel like a princess. It's owned by a married couple with years of nail experience. Jen does the best nails and her husband Richie does an outstanding pedicure (strong hands for a great foot massage). Nu does an incredible pedicure as well. The massage chairs are so awesome, sitting in one almost put me to sleep. A perfect place to treat yourself with outstanding customer service. My official nail place!
5	If you want a great manicure or pedicure you need to try Lavish Nails.  Jen is one of the best nail technicians I have every had.  She has now opened her own business and the salon is beautiful.   You are treated as if you are their most important client and everyone is so professional.   I could not imagine going anywhere else.
5	I drive 45 minutes to get my nails done here.   I can't even explain how great Jen is! She is always on time, gets my nails done in 45 minutes, and they look fabulous!! Hard to find anyone in this state that does full Gel nails let alone well! Want an amazing foot massage???!!!! Richie is amazing! Come get pampered here. Best place in AZ
5	This is by far the best salon I have ever been to for complete and quality service. The pedi, mani and brow arch were all fabulous and Beana gave me the best pedi I have ever had. The salon is first class with all state of the art equipment and very upscale and immaculate. I searched for months to find a spa that meets my high standards and Scottsdale Lavish Nails is the spot. You will not be disappointed in any way. I absolutely love this salon!!
5	My friends and I are very picky about our gel manicures and our pedicures as well. Jen always remembers what my likes are concerning colors of polish or the exact french I like. She started her own business because she understands service and really wants to be sure you are happy.....now who does THAT in the nail business today? Her polishing techniques are perfection! You know if you ever got an all white polish and its clumpy at the cuticle or streaky. Not Jens! She will also demand quality from all the girls working for her. Expect to be greeted by her charming husband and be asked what you care to drink. Yes, spa like treatment. Check it out but don't take MY appointment!!
5	I've been using Jen for my gel nails for a couple years now! I was so excited when she and her husband opened their own salon, not only is it beautiful but very right and clean!  She is so sweet and is a perfectionist at what she does, oh and her polka dots are insanely perfect!
5	Jen is amazing!  One of the best nail technicians I have ever met! The shop is beautiful!!  The chairs are so comfortable! I live in the west valley and drive all the way over here to get my nails done.  The pedicure is not rushed and they really take the time to do a good job!
5	I decided to try this place after reading they reviews. One of the best manicures I've ever had! Jen was so thorough and meticulous- my feet feel so pampered and soft! And the salon is beautiful. Definitely A five star place!
5	Very relaxing pedicure by Jen!  The reviews were all spot on!  I'm relocating and this will be my new nail salon.
5	Your search is OVER, look no further!! This place is the BOMB.COM and beyond fabulous! I was so pleased with my visit it made me excited to come home and write a review on the phenomenal job they did! Which is rare as you can see my Yelp history there is no reviews hence why this place again is awesome I needed to write one.Let me tell you I was "that girl" on a very hectic work conference call with my ear buds on yapping away coming in which was suppose to be a start to a great weekend with my best friend to enjoy mani and pedis. I was so scattered brain stressed and just wanted to relax. Richie was the brave soul to take me and sure enough 15 minutes into my pedicure I told myself "what conference call?" I"m in heaven! I just got the basic pedicure which I then realize I was an idiot and should have went balls to the wall with their elite baller status, platinum, highest degree of a pedi they offer! Richie was so patient, thorough, friendly, understanding of the hot mess I was, and his hands need to be insured because ladies and gents his pedicures are magical. Man do I wish my boyfriend had those mad massage skills! Oh it gets better my phone was about to die and my new found friend Richie grabs a charger..... wait for it.... and extension cord to keep me going on my call! Scout honor not lying!! Finally after I got off my call I was so eager to sit and enjoy the rest of my pedi, upcoming mani and chat it up with my friend and Jen. Now Jen, is seriously a blast! I was so envious of her conversations, giggles, and recommendations on being fabulous with my friend (while I was on a call) but I knew my time would come. Jen did my gel mani and I am over the moon so happy with it! I can't stop looking at my nails! They are be-you-tiful! The best part about my mani was Jen! She is so stellar, genuine, passionate, and has the best sense of humor! I did not care what time it was or where I had to be just that casual good flowing conversations with Jen, Richie, and best friend equals perfect nail experience. Lastly, you can tell SLN take's pride in their business. Oh did I mention It's super clean!!!! I am so picky with nail salons on their cleanliness and Jen and Richie runs a tight, immaculate ship! After two hours later, we shared hugs, laughs and restaurant recommendations  I finally found that nail salon I've been searching high, low, yelp, google you name it! Experience the difference of a nail salon you've been waiting for. Please please check them out I will forever be a walking advertisement of this hidden gem!!  Thank you again Richie and Jen, Cortney and I will see you in two weeks and beyond.
5	Where do I begin about how wonderful Scottsdale Lavish Nails is?!  Simply put, I have never had an experience like this getting my nails done before.  The owners Jen and Richie are two of the sweetest, most genuine people I have come across in quite some time.  These two truly care about their customers and will go the extra mile and beyond to make you happy.  First of all, I went in thinking that I was only going to get a gel manicure-as this is all I had made an appointment for.  I had to cave in and get a pedicure after my friend who was sitting in the chair next to me kept raving about how great her massage was!  I could go on and on about the great parts of this place, but I will just highlight a few.  I love the way that my nails look...they are shaped the way I like, my cuticles look great, and the polish is shiny with a little sparkle.  Perfecto!!!Jen gave me my gel manicure first.  She is wonderful and can do any design you want to throw at her ;).  One of the things that set this part over the top for me was the fact that she suggested I get my manicure while I sat in the massage pedicure chair so that I could be next to my friend, and we could continue chatting (oh and the smart massage chairs are super comfy btw).  She made sure I was relaxed the whole time, carried on wonderful conversation with me (she's hilarious), and made my gel mani look Baller!  My nails look so pretty and I caught myself glancing at them quite often today.Next-the wonderful Richie Rich.  Richie gave me the most relaxing massage during my pedicure-seriously I was on Cloud 9.  I got the basic pedicure since I hadn't been planning on getting a pedi in the first place, and it was more wonderful than many deluxe options at other salons.  He took his time and made my nails look great again after the last place I had been to made them too short and the wrong shape. I LOVE Scottsdale Lavish Nails and will be returning frequently to get my nails done again and again.  The steps of service are on point here...they will offer you a water or soda and even a little snack.  Also very clean and well-designed.  These two have a passion for their business, think of everyone who walks through their doors as friend walking into their home, and in genuinely desire to give you what you want. Thanks Jen and Richie!!  See you in a few weeks :D.
5	Best nails I have had in a long time! Thanks Jen! The nail salon is clean and beautiful! Jen and her husband are very professional! My ever changing search is over.
5	This place is SO clean and relaxing, which are hard to find qualities for nail salons in the valley. The service was professional and my nails and toes turned out perfect! You also won't feel rushed or pressured while you are in there. I am definitely going to stick to Lavish from now on. Sorry for the short review, the rest of the views tell it all ! =)
5	Best pedicure I have had in a long, long time! Diane was wonderful and the entire staff was so welcoming and sweet to us. They took their time and my nails turned out perfect. I will definitely be coming back here!! Thank you :)
5	The atmosphere is great. The products that they use are high quality. Everyone is very friendly. Beana is a great nail artist and Richie gives the best massages!
5	I absolutely love this salon. It is very clean and has a beautiful atmosphere. I have referred many friends and family to come here. Everyone who works there is so nice. The owner Jen is lovely! Very professional and will do anything to make clients happy!
5	I am from Orange County California and this is hands down the most beautiful and pleasant nail salon I have ever been to! I hope this owner opens another location near me. Everyone is so nice and they do a great job! The chairs are amazing and so comfortable and the whole place is so clean! I can't wait to visit AZ again and get me nails done!!!! It's a MOST GO!!!
5	This is my first time when I'm writting a review!!! And I'm doing this because I was really pleased with everything at the Lavish Nails Salon!!! Everybody is really friendly, everything is very clean and all the services are at the best ever!!! I love  french mani@pedi, and not everybody can make a really nice and perfect french, so this is the best EVER!!! Love Love Love IT!!!
5	Love love love Lavish Nails!! Jenn and Richie are the sweetest people! I have been a client of Jenn's for nearly 5 years now. I have referred dozens of friends and will continue to do so. I'm very picky about my nails, but Lavish never disappoints! I highly recommend this place! The location is great, the salon is extremely clean and beautifully decorated and the staff is awesome!!!
5	Best pedicure I have ever had, hands down. She massaged my feet for 30 minutes!  I recommend this place over all surrounding places.  I used to go to Scottsdale Nails, but this place is much better!!
5	Best Salon in north Scottsdale. Richie and Jen are amazing! Service is consistently outstanding!  I love this place and so will you!
5	Simply the best! Ask for gel nails, a bit pricier but worth it. Jenny knows what she's doing and doesn't slack on anything :)
1	Be forewarned - they charge a fortune! I went in for a simple manicure/pedicure and the bill came to $100. All for a nail bar!  Question whether they sterilize their equipment... I could have gotten a better service at a top end spa. Unbelievable rip off. I will never be back.
5	If you're in the Scottsdale area for some R&R, you definitely have to check out Lavish Nails. Owners - Richie & Jenn are amazing and will make you feel right at home...a shout out to Beana & Diane for the perfect paraffin treatment and pedi!
5	Loved this place! I was visiting from out of town, and in need of a fill and Pedi, and wanted to treat myself while on vacation. I wish this salon was back home! Very friendly vibe, even though I was new, but I could see there was a great rapport with the regulars.
2	I don't know how there's so many good reviews. Maybe they just offered a discount for a good yelp review, I've seen a lot of salons do that. I arrived 10min early for my appointment to be polite, I know that walk-ins welcome too though. I probably stood at the reception desk for 5 minutes straight. No one greeted me or asked if I needed help but everyone did look at me; the girl I found out later to be the receptionist finally stopped talking to the nail tech and said, "Yes? What do you want?"  I told her I was there for my appointment and it was my first pedi ever, which I actually called earlier that day to confirm again, and she then asked if I had an appointment. After some silence she told me to pick out a color, I actually thought there'd be more color choices, it was mostly pink and red, so I did and came back, then she told me to sit down, looking at me like I had 2 heads and I was totally stupid. Finally I waited 10 more min and got seated with Richie. He seemed distracted the whole time, I think looking at the owner or head woman, he even dropped the nail polish while mean muggin' her and she wasn't even looking. It seemed to have a catty, selfish, vibe, I gathered they were arguing about money and the receptionist was trying to overcharge and had to be scolded. Then I was told move down while I was drying even though there was only 1 person at the opposite end because a family came in, and they didn't even all have pedi appointments, they actually said that in front of the techs, not surprised they wouldn't pay attention though. I saw my same tub kind of splashed with what I thought was alcohol, but not wiped at the bottom or at all and filled up with the blue flake stuff. I really hoped I wouldn't get an infection after I saw that. When I was drying Richie gave my coupon to the receptionist and when I paid and asked for it back she said she never got it, even THOUGH she explained I got a discount. Then she went back to Richie and came back and gave it to me so I could use the other coupons on the flyer. Like you don't want me to come back or get $2 off? OK? Also, cash only tips.There was a weird scuff left on my nail that's not natural and some polish left on my skin, but I thought it was pretty.I would only recommend to go if it's a surprise gift or you have a coupon and really really really need it. I didn't get the point of the basic spa pedi, basically it looks like what any girl could go with a small tub soak, scrubbing pad/stone, and nice polish. It didn't look or feel different, just glossier because of the bottom and top coat used.Decor: 3/5Staff: 2/5Clean: 3/5Wait: 1/5Pedi: 3/5Polish Staying Power: 4/5
5	My husband had a medi/pedi, my daughter (8 YOA) got her finger nails and toe nails polished, and I got a pedi/medi. Everyone was very nice to us. The atmosphere was very nice, clean, and very accommodating. As soon as we walked in the receptionist offered us water, when we sat in the pedi chair the technicians all offered us water,soda and or tea. The owner knew we were visiting on vacation and she came over and asked me how we found out about the salon. I told her Yelp and she asked us questions about our vacation. She was very sweet. We will definitely go back when we are in town. P.S.Make sure you have cash for your tip. I knew that from a previous post.
4	With so many nail salon/spa's out there I have decided to go a little more up north in phoenix/Scottsdale area to be in a nicer area, thinking the services will follow with their location. I walked in without a phone call and they seated me within 12 minutes, which is great in my book without making a appointment. So Diane and Bena attended me to do my pedi and hand massage. It was a "ah" sensation through out my body and something I look forward to every time I come in. I have been here now 3 times and every experience has been a pleasant one. I understand that sometimes people Google map services, but if you do come across this store, I high recommend this spa. I drive an extra 10 minutes to come here and it is worth it. I give this place a 4 stars because it has great service, welcoming energy, they care about me, place is cleaner than most spas I have been too, and well I knocked off a star because it quite far from me.
5	I've been a client of jens for years! She is amazing and her new nail salon is the best! Always so friendly!
5	$25 pedi and it was the best pedi for the price point!  Clean, new facility. Super nice staff. Great massage. Didn't feel rushed. This is my new pedicure place.
5	I received the best pedicure ever from a man named Ricky at Scottsdale Lavish Nails a few weeks ago.As an ex-ballerina, my feet have taken a beating and are also extremely ticklish. I have received 4-5 pedicures prior to this one and was uncomfortable with each one. Ricky was amazing, and very sympathetic to my needs. My pedicure lasted two weeks, which is a lot considering I work out every day and even take 1-2 dance classes per week.I would highly recommend this salon!
3	I decided to visit Lavish Nails because it had such rave reviews on Yelp.  I don't understand the hype.  Yes, it is very clean, so I'll give it that.  But my manicurist was very inattentive and seemed to focus on just getting me done with and out the door.    Especially the hand massage, which was completely lackluster.  The quality was no better or worse than any other nail salon.  I will probably not be returning, simply because I'm sure I can find better nail salons in more convenient locations, although I would go back and give them another chance.  Overall, just meh.
4	I called at 9AM last Saturday for an appointment at 9AM and they were very nice and said they could take me when I arrived. Got there 9:10 and was impressed by the decor. I t was very fresh and clean and the blue color is very soothing. Tony did my pedi, got a basic, and it was wonderful. He gave lot of attention to detail and a wonderful massage. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because they don't use the tub liners in the pedi spa. That I would say was my only turn-off. Otherwise it was a great experience.
5	Eyelashed Arizona formerly Gelish Nails Az  now has a second location Here at Lavish Nails in Scottsdale.Please come and join us for your nails and Eyelash ServicesThank you
5	Loved this place. They took their time and gave a great massage. Close to my work and no wait when I walked in. This is my new pedicure spot.
4	I don't live in this area, but my office and a number of my clients are in Scottsdale. I needed a new nail salon, as my prior salon/stylist had gotten sloppy. I tried Lavish as a result of Yelp interviews, and have had 3 manicures and a pedicure. I have found them to be very friendly and everyone seems to speak English. Jen, the owner, had the challenge of working with my nails after I had tried another salon and had a very THICK fill on my gel nails. She did a beautiful job of just filing them down and shaping before doing one of the best French manicures I've had in a long time. My latest manicure was done by Lenn (Lynn?). She is darling.....warm and just naturally friendly. She welcomes requests for designs and said she would be happy to look at my Pinterest folder of nail designs. (Nail stylists normally look at me in a combination of disgust and fear when I pull out my iPad). So, Lynn did a terrific job on my fill and nail shaping and I decided on a combo of metallic charcoal grey polish with black tips.....similar to a French manicure. She did such a great job. They look awesome, and when I go back .....I will be requesting her. My only reason for not giving 5 stars was cost. $50 plus tip was the most I have paid......even in numerous Scottsdale salons. I thought it was about $10 too high.
5	This is absolutely the best place around. Very clean all the staff is wonderful, attention to detail and consistent.  Not high priced for the great services they offer. A must try.  They were even able to schedule  5 pedicures for myself and the Angel Dentistry Team.  That's how much I love this place.
5	Excellent....my girlfriend and i were looking for a place we could get quick pedi...found on yelp and was very happy...it was really hidden from the street so glad for yelp...we will both be back...friendly and super clean plus beautiful place...thanks yelp
5	Just moved here from LA, normally finding the  right nail salon for mani pedis takes time.  Thank goodness for yelpers, they totally nailed it. This place is awesome from the customer service to the tip of your toe nails. Don't bother going anywhere else.
5	After reading great reviews I decided to try a new nail salon after 21 years of going to the same person. Reason for the change was she moved salons and it was just to far for me to drive to off to search for a new nail person. This was quite a nerve racking decision because of certain allergies I have to nail products (acrylics). After readying many positive reviews I decided to try Lavish Nails during my lunch hour. I cannot say enough good things about my experience. They were quick to get me right in. I sat with Beana and she was wonderful! My nails look wonderful!! I was in and out in an hour so it worked perfect during my lunch hour. The moment I walked in the door everyone was very friendly. The salon was very clean as well. My nails are great and look so natural for being gel nails. The shape, thinnest and the color I choose was just on point as to what I was wanting. I will certainly be going again to Beana from here on out! The price was the same that I have been paying so that was even perfect as well ($40)...please know that tips are only accepted in cash. Thank god there was an ATM next door!
5	I am very particular when it comes to who does my nails. Jen is a perfectionist and people pleaser. They always remember what you like and dislike and are thoughtful to always call you by your name. We enjoy making Lavish Nails a girls day or I even bring my husband along for a pedicure! He had never had a pedicure before and now asks when his next appointment is being they make him feel so welcome. Everyone is very attentive and caring. This salon is here to stay!
2	I live in Tucson and get my gel manicure done on a regular basis there but we were in town visiting my in-laws for the weekend. I wanted to do something fun with my mother in law, and she never gets manicures so I thought this would be a good idea. We yelped this location and it has decent reviews. Much to my dismay, we did not have as great an experience. We were greeted in a timely fashion for our appointment but we arrived before many of the employees did for an 11 o'clock opening time. We were seated at one location and then when the girl arrived for my mother in law we had to move. They were incredibly rough with both of us, and the women with my mother in law made her bleed and said it was because she wasn't taking care of her hands. They were reluctant to do the christmas design we had asked for. Instead of saying they didn't know how, they just did a bad job of it. Their hospitality was definitely lacking. Then I waited for several minutes to pay as they just moved on to the next group of people before finishing with us. This is why I hate trying new nail salons. I definitely will stick with my location in Tucson. This was a waste of time and money. Compared to my home salon they do a much worse job and charge more.
2	Yikes.  So wanted to love this place since everyone was super nice.  But alas the end results were not thrilling.  Pedicure: tech trimmed my nails big two are "crooked" ...Nails:  one broke ...I have acrylics and rarely break them.  But within 24 hours, the nail cracked like  glass ...then broke.  She also failed to glue my nails to the "tip" to minimize separation and the likelihood of water getting between my natural nail and the tip.
