5	This review is for 1 thing only. The Frito Chili Wrap JrThis thing was a buck, it was freaking good. I will be getting the larger one next time.
2	Went for lunch and wasn't impressed.  I had the double sonic burger with bacon.  The fries were just mediocre and the burger really wasn't anything impressive either.  The only thing that gave this review a second star was the Cherry Limeade.  Honestly a great drink too bad the food couldn't be on par.
5	Great service, fast, and friendly hops. Love the happy hour prices before 11am, and 2-4pm. Also their coupons are always a good way to save. I just reloaded a sonic card for $25 and got a free burger coupon!
3	When it is blazing hot in Phoenix, get a ice cold beverage which they have lots of.  One block away from the office I work in when I go to Phoenix so it is pretty sweet.
4	Drive up menu busted had to move car to another car port.  Food, however, awesome!  Also credit card machine broken car hop took transaction and unfortunately there are no free refills.  Their fountain drinks are so good and the crushed iced is just right.  Great spot for a quick bite to eat without getting out of your car.  I wish we had these in Los Angeles.
4	Clean, friendly staff. They have never messed up an order for me.
5	Always have to go to sonic when in Arizona! The food is very cheap and good,however my favorite thing on the menu would have to be the fresh banana shake.
1	Tonight I went thru the drive thru at the Deer Valley & 83rd location. When trying to place my order, the intercom speaker made it next to impossible to give my order. The person on the other end and I were having a very difficult time communicating. She kept saying she could not hear me, and I could not hear her.When I pulled up to receive my order, I mentioned it to the nice young man delivering my order, that they needed to get the intercom fixed. He then volunteered that a lot of people complain about it, but nothing seems to get done to fix it. I asked for a phone number to where a customer could call, he went back into the store, and came back about 4-5 minutes later, which seemed like an eterity, to explain there was no phone number available to give me, to which I call BS.I asked for the managers name of the store, he replied "Brandon". I mentioned i would be going home to find that numberI went home, tried in vain to find a place online where I could contact Sonic, finally found a customer service number, only to find it was only available during normal business hours. Searched further and found another number, to which I got a call center rep that took my contact info.This is the 1st time in 2 years  I've been to Sonic, and due to quality of the food at my last visit 2 years ago, have not returned. Boiled hot dogs....not my idea of good food. My wife wanted one of their "Slushies" tonight, that was the reason for my visit.NEVER again. And I will tell 10 friends.-Dave206-650-8304
3	Decent Sonic experience. I got the Bacon Cheeseburger Toaster (with no lettuce, tomato, or chopped onion), fries, and a Cherry Limeade. The burger was as expected, however the fries weren't super fresh. Tasty beverage. I was intrigued by their Lil' Doggies. Will have to try those next time...
