1	I have nothing against Capezio products, however regardless of location the prices are always over the top. This store is always disorganized with products sliding off the racks and exceedingly snotty and arrogant customer service. Rude. Bad selection. Discount Dance is by far a better choice. 1 star is generous.
5	just moved to the area and needed a spot to pick up whatever dance wear my daughter needs, which is a lot throughout the year. I came in here and was greeted with wonderful, helpful customer service and great suggestions. I am a ballet mother, so you would think I would know how to do a bun by now...I am horrible. i went in with my daughter desperate for some little tool I could use that we hadn't bought yet. Sure enough this store had something perfect, and the two young girls behind the counter gave me step by step directions IN MY DAUGHTERS HAIR. So happy, and the prices are surprisingly low for the quality and selection. This will def be where I get all our dance attire.
4	My daughter is growing like a tree and I feel like I am constantly buying new tights, leotards, tap, ballet, and jazz shoes.  I am a big fan of Capezio, and we are lucky to have a store here in Las Vegas.  The Capezio brand has been around for over a century and have graced the stages of Broadway and the world's greatest performers. The quality of the products are top notch, and prices are fairly reasonable.  The staff at this particular location is very friendly and helpful, and there is a great selection whether you are buying for a toddler or a prima ballerina.
4	I was a dancer for years, and I am now getting my almost 3 year old into the beginnings of ballet.  I am particular about dance wear and didn't want to get lower quality pieces at Target or any other giant discount store.After searching online for certain things and not finding amazing prices, I thought I'd take advantage of having an actual Capezio store here.  I'm glad I did: the assistant manager who helped me was highly knowledgable, super nice, not pushy, and quite helpful.  She told me about a great sale on the things I needed, and I even picked up new jazz shoes for myself!  I was pleasantly surprised to see they carry many other great brands beside Capezio, including my favorite, Bloch.They also have a loyalty punch card for tights, which dancers go through very fast.  4 stars only because they didn't have a huge selection of adult dancewear, or at least not what I was looking for.  Amazing selection for toddlers to teens though!  I won't even look at online sites anymore, most prices were pretty comparable, and bonus not having to pay shipping!  Great store, great staff.
3	I was first recommended by Capezio by my daughter's ballet theatre. They said we receive 10% discounts there, so my mom and I decided to give it a try.Customer service is great. There's this girl that works there and she helped us out as much as she could, and she was extremely nice and friendly. I never once got a bad vibe from her.Despite their pretty good customer service here, I would have to deduct two stars. Why, you ask? Well, they didn't have two out of the three items that I needed for my daughter's ballet class. They didn't have the leotard or the socks that my little girl needed :/ They said they would call when the shipment would come in, but I still haven't heard from them..Oh well, would definitely come back here and shop for my daughter's ballet equipment since it's closer to us than the other ballet stores that I know about.
1	I just opened up the $13 tights for my 4yr old. I noticed a snag on the left thigh. I called the store to see if I could come in and exchange or return them. They said that tights are considered "final sale" and they can not be exchanged or returned. Beware of purchasing from stores like this. I will not be shopping here and don't recommend others unless you open up and examine your entire purchase before you go home.
2	I was recommended by a friend. We walked in no one greeted us and when we were looking at the ballet shoes, no one offered to help us and there were 2 employees. We waited for about 8 minutes before my husband even said something. The employee seem like she didn't want to help us. The other employee did help us was very nice.
