5	Wow!! It's rare that I ever find a stand alone Dior Cosmetics store!! Their pressed powders are amazing and the staff at this location was gorgeously made up. *Envious Vicky* They were super helpful and friendly even though I just wanted to walk through, pine, and gawk. :)
5	I was blown away by this store. They have all their products nicely arranged. The sales staff are so sweet and they are very helpful. They ask you what it is that you are looking for specifically and what kind of products you currently use. They are not the type of workers to try and convert you into strict Dior users. They are only there to help and advise. It's nice that they do not put any pressure on you to make purchases. And, although I do swear by the versatility of MAC products, I must admit, I do like their powders. They provide a nice, smooth, matte finish without the cakey or blotchy look.
5	The Dior Beauty at the Shoppes of the Palazzo is amazing.  The artists there are extremely knowledgeable and helpful.  I leave there feeling made over, but not overdone.  The products are luxurious.  They will ship to you also (since there are so few Dior Beauty storefronts, not all products are available in the department store counters).
5	I have never been here, but I did do a chargesend with the Dior Beauty Boutique.The staff is incredibly helpful and informative. Nelly is awesome!They also respond quickly on their Facebook page.Shipping is free with purchases over $50, and they are open super late! Highly recommend!
1	Make sure you dress your best and your hair is not messy if you want a greeting. I happened to be wearing my sport cloths and it happened to be a windy night. I was pretty invisible to the sales associate. I was there for a couple minutes and I didn't feel welcome. I know it's Vegas and they don't care (cause what can we really do beside leaving a negative comment?). With or without us, it doesn't make a difference for their business. I'll just go back home and support the local department stores :) I think the sales associate will be happier this way.
4	i was very fahn-see as i strode in with my giftcard in tow, heh. i fancily tried the anti aging lotions, the blushes, lip stuff and re-filled in my sparse brows. the young lady assisting me was kind, informative, and helpful, and her hard work was NOT in vain! i walked out, still fancy, with a makeup set and a blush set! yes, i realize it doesnt sound like much but i still "spent" $110!
