3	My first visit to the chain in years. Not exactly fine dining but this was open until midnight on weekdays.I had roast beef sliders and a bowl of French onion soup. The sandwich buns were mushy otherwise everything was fairly good.Service was very good. Meal clocked in around $15 with tip which I think is 3 or 4 too high. Much more extensive menu than Denny's along with a bar if you happen to need a late night fill up.
3	Oh, American fast food chains.  How large your portions.  How nostalgic you are.We were the proud owners of a gift card to Applebee's (Christmas gift!) and the best part of this gift was my boyfriend's reaction to me later.  He has never been to an Applebee's.  Or an Olive Garden.  Or a Chili's.  His first time at a Red Lobster was with me when we were stuck in a strip mall hell for the night.  So he's new to these restaurants, which so many of us grew up with.  I'd only been to an Applebee's a handful of times, but I was down to go back - it seems like they sort of have everything, no matter what you're hungry for.Since we're spending all our time now packing to move back to Chicago (WOOHOO!), we don't always have time to make dinner.  So we busted out the Applebee's gift card and journeyed to Edgewood Towne Center for some chain restaurant foods.  When we arrived, this server really awkwardly asked us to sit at the bar.  I missed the finer points of the interaction, since he was talking to my boyfriend, but he basically insinuated that he'd just sat some large tables, or something, and it was his turn to have a table in his section but he didn't have the time to serve us, or something, and he didn't want us to wait (for what, I'm not sure) so he was basically like "Can you sit at the bar?"  Which was weird because there were like, at least a dozen open tables.   But whatevs.  The cool kids sit at the bar, and we are the cool kids.Chuck, the bartender, was running this show.  Dude.  He was on top of everything.  Taking orders, serving drinks, answering phones, getting takeout orders, keeping his bar neat and tidy - he was HOPPING!  We were both in awe just watching him.  That man is earning his tips, for reals.  So I'd recommend sitting at the bar if Chuck is working.  He's also cute, so bonus there.  The Applebee's bar is kind of a hilarious place - random people having drinks as if it's a real bar and not a restaurant, this one lady READING A BOOK WITH A GLASS OF WINE like it was some fancy cafe, some annoying fratty people....and us.  A healthy mix.I had a Shock Top and my boyfriend had a Sam Adams - mad props for Shock Top on draft, not expecting that from Applebee's.  We ordered spinach and artichoke dip, which I believe was half price (as are all apps) during happy hour.  It was served with regular tortilla chips (like from a bag) but the dip itself was pretty tasty.  It was served in a really wide but shallow crock, and tasted appropriately spinachy and cheesy.  It was served very hot and was pretty satisfying!My side salad arrived shortly thereafter, and it was amusingly huge for a side.  Iceberg lettuce, cherry tomatoes, crispy croutons, shredded cheese, tangy bottled Italian dressing on the side.  I bought it to balance out my entree, but somehow these iceberg lettuce salads never really feel healthy, you know? Like eating crispy water.  With cheese and croutons.  YAY HEALTH!Then came the entrees - I got an order of wings (which I think is technically listed as an appetizer) with "Sweet and Spicy Sauce" which was listed as the second-hottest sauce on the menu.  They were pretty decent - served hot, juicy chicken, and the sauce was sweet and sticky.  It was a little *too* sweet for me - picture gloopy Chinese takeout in sweet sticky sauce, and that's what the wing sauce was like - but it still made a satisfying meal.  My boyfriend got one of their "special burgers" from their new New Orleans menu -something like a Bourbon Bacon burger.  They asked him "pink or no pink" which we thought was funny.  He said "pink," and the burger came out with like, a tiny touch of maybe-pink in the middle.  Medium-rare, this ain't!  He said it was okay.  Not great.  Just a burger.  I didn't taste it, I just nibble on a few of his fries, which were pretty average.That all came in at around $30, aided greatly by the happy hour appetizer discount.  I have no interest in going to Applebee's again because I can get better burgers, pasta, chicken, bar food, everything, etc anywhere else, but if I was road tripping and needed a place to stop, this wouldn't be a bad choice.  Sit at the bar and hope Chuck is there, and enjoy pretty average versions of American bar food.
3	Consistent service @ the bar w Chuck pouring drafts and mixing up fruity delights. Decent food - don't expect great. Lots of under 500 calorie and Weight Watcher items. Several tv's to watch games. You'll find everyone from book-reading wives that didn't want to cook to laborers grabbing a cheap steak & a few cold ones to huge celebrations filling many tables. It's a great community asset for many.  The Ritz, it ain't.
1	First off, I like family restaurants and avoid chains when possible. Sometimes that's not possible - in the future I'll avoid this one no matter what.Its always a zoo, the servers are not interested in what they are doing, and do it poorly. Food comes out of order or not at all. The managers don't care. We actually had a waitress spill the soup, catch most of it in her hand, and dump it back in right in front of us. Then she gave it to us before thinking to ask if we wanted another. Just go anywhere else, it can't be worse!
2	Nothing special. Precooked meals that taste microwaved.
1	Normally one would think, one chain restaurant is just like the rest but I have had nothing but problems here. The staff appears to be constantly changing as does the managers which should tell you something. I've been there for lunch and dinner and continue to have issues. Here are just some of the problems that we have had: a co-worker had an entire glass of iced tea dropped on him and nothing was comped on his check; we have had to wait a very long time for our orders to be taken; I ordered the pick 2 and was told that the soup could not possibly come out first(even though I've done this before); they have argued with us over what the meal is supposed to come with to the point of us showing them a picture; and staff does not appear to be properly trained.
2	Worst Applebee's experience I've had.We were seated and then waited 10 minutes to even be greeted.  And then it was only because we flagged someone down.  No apologies when we were finally taken care of.I needed to ask for water three times before I finally went up to the bar to ask for some.  It was then that our server came over with water.  We ordered soup and entrees.  He delivered one soup and an appetizer claiming that was what we ordered and there was no way he misheard.About five minutes later a manager came over and said something to the lines of "I understand that you've had some issues"  I then proceeded to very calmly explain what our issues had been.  You could tell he wasn't very interested in what we had to say and didn't seem to care that his server had issues.  His lack of caring was apparent in the fact that while we were waiting to be greeted and during one of the many asks for water, there were several servers and the manager standing behind the bar shooting the breeze.The food (once the order was right) was good, but the wait and the mistakes make it highly unlikely we will never return to this location.
2	I told everyone that I wasn't feeling this. Should have listened to my gut on this one. We didn't make reservations for our party of 7, which I suppose we should have. They had to create space for us. Like really create it. Where we were all sitting in the walkway. Knew I was in the walkway when the waiter asked for us to move so that a little girl in a wheelchair could get around. But I didn't have a problem with that. What I have a problem with is all the nasty flies in the building. And while you're eating too...it's so disgusting. The place is so freakin crowded as well...maybe just because I hate being in crowded and tight spots. As far as the menu, I wasn't impressed. It took me 20 mins to find something (partly because I'm picky). But I ended up with the chicken broccoli alfredo, nothing to rave about. I wanted more broccoli than what was provided, but oh well. The lime/kiwi lemonade was pretty good though.
3	We were immediately seated and warmly greeted by Shane, our server.   He informed us of the late night appetizers, which were 50% off, what a deal.  The Chicken Quesadillas were very good, quite delicious.
1	Another overdone steak and utterly inattentive staff! Still sitting here waiting for someone to give a care.So, we finally got the attention of a server who was not our server, Michael. She was kind enough to take my steak back to the kitchen. Michael, our server, finally shows up 10 minutes later with a half-hearted apology and to let me know that my steak was being prepared again. He does not offer to refill our drink glasses that have now been sitting empty for 20 minutes. The manager makes an appearance and brings me a strip steak that looks rare from the sight of it. He informs me that my steak is on him and apologizes. He goes away. I cut into my steak and it's, you guessed it, Pittsburgh Rare. I asked for medium rare. He returns and I tell him that the chef needs to go back to culinary school and learn how to prepare a steak. The manager apologizes again and asks me if I want to take this pathetic piece of beef home with me! Not only is it rare but it's a cheap cut of strip steak that is loaded with connective gristle. I said no thanks. He comped my husband's meal and we left. I never hope for people to lose their jobs but the cook and the server really need some serious retraining! I will never go back to this Applebee's again.
5	I mean it's Applebee's, but as far as chain places go it's the best in my opinion. The happy hour specials are awesome ($3.50 20oz liquor drinks, can't beat that) and half off apps. Four bucks for a huge thing of spinach and artichoke dip is great.The blue agave frozen margarita is delicious, as is their long island.The two for 20 deal is great, I had the quesadilla burger which was quite nice. Get the flavors of Mexican food in a burger and with tortilla for bun you don't have all the extra bread to bog you down.Our server was great the last time we went, we went at 11:30 on a Friday (they're open until 1am) and he didn't try and shuffle us out or anything, was attentive and quite nice. Will absolutely be back especially for happy hour and late nights.
