4	There are 3 major components to my personality. Yes, I'm pretty boring, but not as boring as most.  :)1)  Extremely Kind, Thoughtful, and Generous.Those who have been on my good side, know this side of me quite well.2)  Nonchalant.To 99.9% of the world's population, I am most likely nonchalant aka I don't give a f--k. I just don't. If I don't know you, there's a good chance that I just don't care. Why? It could have a lot to do with the fact that I don't even know you exist.3)  Dooooooosh Central.Can a woman be a douche bag? Yes.When you're not on my good side for a reason, you may just find yourself on the doooooosh end of the stick -- the applicator on the end of a douche bottle. You don't wanna be here.Ed Hardy. They say it's for Douche Bags. Considering that I own more than a few things Ed Hardy, I guess that assumption may be correct. Oh, and of course, if I'm in Douche Bag mode and sporting my Ed Hardy gear, then I really don't give a f--k what you think, and if you get in my face about it...you may get clocked. Yes, I may be smiling, but my fist is *HELLA* serious. *heehee*You see, Ed Hardy is for sexy Douche Bags...and that's why I wear it. Whether you find me sexy or not doesn't matter. Why? Because when I'm in Douche Bag mode, only my opinion matters and in my opinion, I'm one hella sexxxy douche bag!!! *wink-wink*~evil -Ed Hardy Douche Bag- laugh.~
4	I really enjoyed my experience at the Ed Hardy outlet.  Their sales people were very friendly and helpful in finding sizes in the back if they were at all available.  Picked up some nice hoodies and hats and they mentioned that if they get stuff in, they could call me and ship it, if I was interested.  It was actually nice that I was there early in the week when it was less chaotic versus the weekends.Will be going there definitely again when I'm in Vegas.
5	I'm a huge Ed Hardy fan. Lucky for me while on vaca in Vegas, Ed Hardy was having an awesome Memorial Day sale. 50% off the lowest price on the tag. Bought t-shirts for $9 and hoodies for $16. Doesn't get any better than that! The staff here were so helpful and friendly. You can only take 4 items into the fitting room but if you have more, they will hold the rest behind the counter for you. I bought several shirts and a couple of hoodies. Before heading back to Hawaii, I just had to hit this store up one more time. I was surprised that Brandon remembered me. While trying on shirts, he told me he would bring me different sizes if needed. I did need a different size & though he couldn't find the size I needed he brought me a different shirt that was cuter than the one I tried on plus it was cheaper. Lucky I don't live in Vegas or else my whole pay check would be spent on my guilty pleasure. Love this store & will def make it my place to shop when I go back  to Vegas. Ask for Brandon, he's da bomb!
