5	When I first heard Juno did digital perms for $120, I would have thought it was a) a scam, or b) of such shoddy quality it would fry my hair, or c) possibly both.  The reason I *didn't* think that was because a) the information came from my friend, who b) had just gotten her own digital perm there 1.5 months prior, and c) currently possessed a head full of fabulously curly and not-fried hair.So yours truly went there today and indeed, came out $140 (for perm and trim, plus $20 for tip) poorer but armed with a head of fabulously curly not-fried hair courtesy of a very nice guy named Cozy (yes, Cozy).  As for the miscellany: the salon is very clean, and the staff are friendly.  Keep in mind that this is a pretty big chain from Korea, so the workers there are, as far as I know, all Korean (with possibly one Chinese).  They do speak English, but if at all possible bring a Korean-speaking friend with you so there are no surprises.  They also told me today they are cash only, so either raid an ATM prior or bring your checkbook.Considering how this usually runs me $300+ back at home (ah California, I have missed your food and weather but not your cost of living), so far I consider this $140 very very VERY well spent.  And assuming these curls continue to hold for the next 7.5 months, I may very well find myself holding off on my next perm until I return to the frozen plains of Illinois (for my final 3 months of school!)
1	They completely butchered my straight shoulder length hair. I just wanted a trim with slight layering around the face, but I ended up with hair one inch shorter on the left side of my face, and pieces hanging down in back that they forgot to cut. I think a 6 year old could have done a better job actually.
5	Cozy and Kevin form a hair sculpting team that is near the top of its game.  Their perms are curly, colors colorful, and cuts precise and well thought-out.  These two hip Korean imports with big smiles and inviting if shy conversation, do all they can to make your salon experience a great one.  Kevin even studied at the acclaimed Vidal Sassoon Academy in London ... I dare you to find that at another salon in Chambana!.
5	My boyfriend has been going here for the past two years and his hair looks great. They charge $20 to cut and wash men's hair, which is decent. If you want to pay less, your only options left are places like Great Clips. Great Clips may be okay for some, I prefer a salon that's more stylish and daring with their haircuts.  I've been here a couple of times. I think Ippatsu does women's hair a bit better, but Juno Hair is much cheaper (about $30 compared to $50...I forget exactly what the price is... it's been a while since I cut my hair).
5	Although deeply respected master of the cut, Kevin, has moved on to other things, Cozy and the newly appointed Kerri continue in the rich tradition of hair cutting perfection that has made Juno my go-to stop for hair-cuts and Korean fashion magazines.  Thanks guys!
2	Kevin left Juno. What a disastrous news! Honestly, Cozy's skill is not on the par with Kevin's. He is a bit impatient when I give my opinion about his style design and I do believe I have right to say what I feel about my hair. I don't wanna hear the word like " what do you want?" with grievance and contempt any more!!!
5	Tried another local barber shop and didn't like it. Came here and got it fixed and I loved it. I like how they wash your hair and cut it again to insure that you get a proper hair cut. Will definitely be going here again. A decent hair cut for 20.
2	Meh. It was alright, but pricey. I did not find the results pertinent to the price they charged...a whopping $30+ for medium length into a bob hairstyle. Granted, I paid about the same for a trim at Chicago's Headquarter, but they did a better job. I brought a Korean speaking friend (as I advise all non-Korean speakers to do), but it still helped to no avail. The guy didn't even shampoo my hair, just sheared it off with some spray. That's it. He spent the rest of the time talking to my friend. I brought a photo for reference, but my messy bob cut looked nothing like Nora Jones' new cut and style. Instead, I had to go home and fix a few stray hair strands he completely missed. Not a happy camper in the least. He looked really bored and didn't even attempt to consult me during my haircut. I'm never coming here again.
1	Don't be fool by the previous reviews. I read the five star reviews and I decided to perm my hair here. I brought a goal picture there so I don't have to explain what kind of curl I want. The price is $190 excluding the tip. So after spending $220 in total, I only got my hair fried. The curls were gone after one day!!! I went back to Cozy (who did my hair perm and he was the most recommended stylist on yelp), his answer was "the picture you showed me was from curling iron, it's impossible to do it from hair perm. And the picture you showed me was an old fashion, I didn't like it." So his so called "new fashion" was a head of fried hair? I would give 0 star if I could.
1	Do NOT go. Most unfriendly and bored hairdresser I've ever had. Did not even ask how I wanted it before cutting. Or at any time while he was cutting. A stone would've been more professional. Will not revisit.
