5	I'm seriously impressed. Maybe it's because I haven't been to a dentist in about 5 years, and the last one I went to was a hole in the wall place in Queens, NY where the doctor was about 135 years old. That's probably also the reason I haven't been back to a dentist in the five years since. Dr. Schwartz has an extremely high tech set up. She has top of the line everything. Very fancy. Not only that, but the entire staff are friendly and extremely knowledgable and forth coming with information. I do not like the dentist, not that many people do. But I felt very at ease here with the whole procedure. I was able to watch on the tv above me as she explored the depths of my mouth. Nasty. She explained everything she was doing, I never felt out of the loop. Yeah, this was just the screening. Next comes the pain, but I'm sure she'll be just as great. They have a huge rack of movies you can pick from to watch while you're having your procedure done! Rock on! Now hand me the Valium....
4	Moved location
5	I'm glad you asked me to comment on my first visit to your office. Everyone was highly professional, friendly and just fun to be around. This is rare in a dental office, lets face it the vast majority of people are afraid of anything dental and would rather attend an eight-hour insurance seminar, or listen to endless time share plans, than go to the Dentist.... I had a great time with Dr. Schwartz and her staff. Her office is very modern and super high tech, enough to please even the most demanding ''state of the art'', patient on down to patients like me, who appreciate the latest dental technology, because it speeds up the dental office visit and most important to me is little discomfort during treatment. Dr. Schwartz is a conservative Dentist , meaning she takes away only the decay and preserves as much valuable enamel as she can. This was most important to me. I am a Dental professional myself and I know there are a lot of Dentists to choose from in this city, but I can attest that Dr. Alison Schwartz is a person you can trust with your smile . p.s. no I don't work for her.....
