4	Ok. So they're not organic. Not green. They don't take competitors coupons. And, OMG, yes, they are located in a strip mall. Thankfully it's right right down from my beloved A.J.'s. This is a dry cleaner that does it right. My previous dry cleaner ruined two shirts and did nothing to correct the errors. So High Society Cleaners, er, um, wait, I guess it's just Society Cleaners, but whatever, is the real deal. Prices are right. Oh. Oh. I forgot the most important part. The lovely young lady who's always helped me actually has a smile and a warm greeting. Yea. She must be new as the chemicals have yet to permeate her skull and make her rude, scowly and unattractive. Sorry. Just a dig at the last cleaners. Those bitches. RIP my two fave Michael Kors blouses! OMG I said blouses. I promise not to say moist or slacks. UGH! HA!
3	The slightly feminist/mostly old fashioned me feels torn in many directions upon writing this review. You see, I expect if not demand equal treatment in most instances however.... what I really like is to be wooed.Let me just start off by saying that Society Cleaners indeed "does it right" as Thomas S. stated. I brought 7 basic button down long sleeved dress shirts and two pencil skirts in to be dry cleaned and everything came out beautifully. My problem is this: When you advertise a special of $1.89 per shirt for anything over 3, you should put a little asterisk next to it stating that this is for men only. That's right, my buttons are on the opposite side and my shirts are tiny compared to most men (which apparently requires hand pressing) but I'm not sure if that warrants a $4.00 per shirt difference. Not only do I not feel wooed, I don't feel equal. My wallet would go as far to say it feels a little molested even.Maybe this is Society's way of paying me back for all those free dinners (har de har har) I don't know but it's an annoyance that drops a five star rating to three. It's the year 2010 dry cleaning people... work on this please.
3	For me, this place has a "bang-for-your-buck" problem.  For the (high) price, the cleaning and pressing should be perfect.  It wasn't.  I'm picky ;)
4	Its a dry cleaner. I dont have any laundry list of expectations. As long as my stuff comes back pressed and clean im pretty pleased. So far, i have no complaints. Its a little pricey, but the way i see it, im paying for convienice of location. Id recommend them if youre in the neighborhood and dont want to drive a couple miles more to save a few bucks.
