4	There are actually GAMES on the TRUCK!!  It's amazing. This big truck pulls up to your door and opens up and there is a living room on the truck for all your teenagers! PERFECT!I worked with Josh, who was really nice.  He was really accomodating and worked very hard to meet our schedule.  There was an issue on the actual date of the party nand he said he would send out another truck, which he did, and he was only a few minutes later than anticipated. The event went over well.I have attached photos. The games were well liked, I don't think the kids really played any 3D games. They danced and used the outdoor game deck quite a bit and everything really was excellent.I took a star off becuase I was promised a call back on Sunday to review the issue with the truck - which really wasn't an issue - and I never got a call. Other than that, this is a 4.5 star experience which I highly recommend for your next event!See my photos!
5	We just hired Gamez on Wheels to put on a birthday party for my son and it was a hit! Those kids had a blast. They will be talking about this party for a long time. Great customer service and very professional staff. My son and his friends also loved the game selection. Gamez on Wheelz does it right and I would recommend them to anyone.
5	We just had a Gamez on Wheelz truck come to our house for our son's 11th birthday party and man, what a hit!  Those kids were so excited for party because of this truck!   And once the truck arrived and was set up, the kids were in the truck the whole time and had an absolute blast!  They loved the set up of the truck, loved the game selection and had a GREAT time.  Even some of the 'older' kids who normally are 'too cool' to participate in the birthday activities were in the truck playing the games! Josh and Tanner were awesome.  Josh answered my questions and booked my party and there were no issues at all.  Tanner was the lucky guy to bring the truck and help the kids out with the games inside the truck.  He was very patient with the kids and helped them with whatever they needed.  The kids had a blast and we really appreciated an easy party!  I would recommend them for sure!
5	Gamez on Wheelz was absolutely awesome! I ordered their services for my son's 12th birthday party. Jason, our game master was great with the boys!! He was friendly, professional and was very helpful in explaining how the schedule works! I would definitely recommend their services and plan on using them again for my younger son's party soon!
5	Found a special on the website and decided to book Gamez on Wheelz for my son's 10th birthday. This was one of the best and least-stressful parties we've ever thrown. The kids had a BLAST and could have easily spent the entire day in truck playing video games. Our party host (Jason) was on time, personable and terrific with the kids. He set-up the truck within minutes and from there it was 120 uninterrupted video-game bliss. Best of all was that our son and all of his friends had a good time. I would not hesitate to book another party with Gamez on Wheelz, or recommend them to my friends. Thank you!
