3	Husband and I were wandering around Town Square and hoping for a new lunch spot to be there, and voila! There was Pot Liquor! Right across from Yardhouse. We weren't sure if it was open, because a.) there was no advertisements and even more important b.) no word of mouth. We peeked in and saw a huge bar, and people eating, so yippee!!! a new place to eat.     It's BBQ. We love BBQ. Especially for lunch. The drink menu was the best part though. I'm a lover of handcrafted cocktails, and the menu had plenty!!!!We were warmly greeted by the numerous wait staff, the hostesses, the bartenders, the busboys, and some business men in jeans and blazers (possible owners?) We were informed it was a "soft opening" and they were working out kinks.....which, as a slave to the industry, I understand. Hubs ordered a pulled pork sandwich and I got a "Texas dip". Of course we also had a few cocktails, and ordered the fried pickles. Drinks were top notch....high priced though. $10.95 for a mint julep is a little much. Still delicious, and we don't mind paying a bit more for quality. Meals came out before appetizer, but they were working out the kinks, so I forgive. The sandwiches were delicious....obviously they know their North Carolina BBQ, all vinegar based. Tender and flavorful. The BBQ au jus was my favorite part, but unfortunately it was served in a tiny shot glass, so there was no way to "dip" my Texas Dip. Waitress brought another tiny shot of au jus...still was not enough. I was full, and figured they forgot the pickles, so I was ok with that. But then, here they were.....fried in catfish breading. Amazing. The dipping sauce was creamy and just spicy enough. I just wish I could have got them before our meal so I could enjoy more than one bite. All in all, it was good. I liked the food, but it's a bit overpriced for lunch. I didn't even order sides, if we did, our lunch would have cost as much as a steak dinner in an upscale restaurant. We decided we would come back for dinner...they have half size meals and platters enough to feed the family for decent prices. Plus it's good BBQ. Pros: real, slow and low cooked BBQ         Fantastic beer and cocktail menu         Waitress "Dee" super friendly, knew                       the menu well.Cons: asked for a donation for water, yet           when we left and tried to donate a few           bucks, the hostesses had no idea           what to do with the $.          Way too pricey for lunch....almost $40           for 2 sandwiches and an appetizer           that was served when we were trying           to leave.           Get some real lunch specials, a happy hour that shows the hours in which that happy hour is (not printed on the lunch menu conning your lunch crowd into thinking it was now) and get the word out!!!!           We will be back, gotta try some sides!
5	New bbq hang out. Price is moderate and atmosphere reminds me of an authentic bbq place in the south. The food was super good. You have to try the mac an cheese and brisket.  Don't leave without trying the bread pudding ..fresh warm and delicious!
2	Sorry all...but let me get to business. We were so excited for BBQ and it's at Town Sq....score!!!Walked to a gorgeous space where everyone was all smiles and friendly. We sat at the bar...bartender was super nice too.Ok food! Menu is ok....missing things like BBQ sandwiches and French fries but since we didn't bring the kids it was fine (that's what they like as for BBQ). My husband and I split the platter that has brisket, half chicken(opted for the all white meat) and pulled pork. It came with 2 sides he chose collard green and Mac and cheese...we also added corn bread and a side of hot links.Food came out promptly it was Luke warm at best and most of the meats were dried...we sent it back and they warmed it up. Mac and cheese was ok and the greens had no flavor...corn bread was the best part of my meal.They have 4 BBQ sauces none of them very good at all....also there was no bbq smoke flavor...they said they smoke their meats low and slow...but by the dried out grill marks from the chicken...I don't think so.Sorry we won't be back....very disappointed.
5	The pulled pork was quite juicy and served with a non-traditional, vinegar-based sauce which was very tasty.  The sliced brisket was served with one of their homemade BBQ sauces, although we were offered our choice.  Their sauces have a uniquely smokey flavor, although not over-powering.  The Kale & Cashew Slaw is very, very good, as is the Fries with Alabama White sauce.  Portions were so big, we couldn't to dessert, but definitely will leave room next time.
5	This place is awesome! The food is delicious!  The atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. I'm a vegetarian and they have plenty of options for me. I will be back and I am telling all my friends to try this place!
5	Awesome atmosphere, hand painted wall art, saxophone chandeliers and great service! Had the burnt end sliders and a Great Basin Brewery Milk Stout which was awesome, being from Reno I appreciated the Nevada flavor. Will be back very soon for some dinner.
5	Stopped by Pot Liquor just a week after they opened. I was impressed. The decor is welcoming and comfortable with interesting and quirky elements. They have the coolest chandeliers...two made of mason jars and one made of saxophones and other musical instruments. The menu has tons of appealing options but a girl can only eat so much so will have to go back to try more.  For starters we had the devil'd eggs with chicken skin cracklin (hugely yummy) and boiled peanut hummus (excellent). We shared our main and absolutely loved the chicken pot pie and the amazing fries that came with it. We should have tried the white sauce for the fries but will do that next time. We also had the red bliss potato salad and mac and cheese - both were very tasty. They were out of collard greens, boohoo, so will try that next time as well. The shrimp po' boy was good but we much preferred the chicken pot pie. With just opening, everything can't be perfect right out of the gate.For dessert we had the strawberry shortcake sandwiches and my dining pals all love it. I'm allergic to strawberries so sadly had to pass. I really wanted to try the fried banana split with the strawberry compote on the side but they are not serving that just yet. Other stand outs on the menu that sound amazing but we did not yet try are pan seared stripe bass, fried green tomato salad, pork belly with country grits, fried catfish benedict and baked blue crab. I'm not a red meat eater but will be bringing my husband back to try. The smell was heavenly and overall loved, loved, loved it. The servers were friendly and efficient. The alcoholic drink menu looked really good but will have to try that next time as well. This place is only going to get better and it's really great now. Definitely worth checking out.
4	We decided to try Pot Liquor CAS after seeing a tweet sent out by Brian T from Marquee. He was so thrilled, I wanted to see for myself.Pot Liquor CAS is located just down the way from Yard House and right next to valet at Town Square. There wasn't a wait and we were greeted and seated immediately.The decor is really cool, upscale casual type vibe. Cloth napkins on the lovely dark wood tables.We had two back servers greet us at our table, one with a glass bottle of water. Our main server was Kristen B. and she was a complete delight! Very bubbly and energetic with a cute accent.We ordered the Beef with the Chicken and the Hog, sides of corn muffins (for me) and french fries with White Sauce (for the husband).The wait was about 20 minutes or so for our food but once that platter of deliciousness was brought to us, the wait didn't matter.Corn muffins were yummy with a warm honey butter served on the side. French fries had a good seasoning on them and went well with the white sauce.The brisket was incredible! So tender and juicy! I wished there had been more on our platter!The chicken had a great sear, juicy and flavorful. And what a nice surprise to have the chicken served as an airline breast! (Boneless breast with drumette bone attached) When does one ever see that in a barbecue place?And then there was the pork. The Carolina Pulled Pork. WOW!! The smoke flavor in that pork was just amazing!! I want to go back for lunch just to have that pork in a sandwich.Our platter came with a few sauces, Cue #2 which had a great kick, the vinegar based one which I loved and the white, mayo based sauce.I personally liked the kick of 'cue #2 mixed with the vinegar base of the other :)We enjoyed our meal and will return again. Thanks to GM John for coming over and introducing himself. Welcome to the neighborhood, Pot Liquor CAS.
5	Best BBQ spot in LV. Carl, the server was fantastic!  Christian at the bar was great. Can't say enough about the food and service.
5	Love this place!!  All the food is amazing!!  The service is great and they have  really good drinks!!
5	We'd just landed and wanted to hit up Blue Martini, but they were not opened yet. We happened to look in and see ribs on someone's plate. OMG!! Amazing! The food was wonderful, drinks were good (a little too easy on the hand, could have been stronger), service exceptional. Overall very impressed! Def recommend. I wish we a Pot Liquor in my city!
5	Food was amazing and so was the attentive staff! Loved everything about this place! Can't wait to come back! && the Mac nd cheese is a MUSSSST try!!!
5	Tried out this place for lunch today. The food was excellent & the service even better. Our server Scottie was on-point & knew the menu. Both the GM & the owner stopped by our table to greet us & asked how everything was. Ask for Marcus or Scottie to be your server! You'll be in good hands. The baby back ribs & the beef brisket jus sandwich were delicious! We will be back again.
5	Food was amazing! Service was attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. Overall a great dining experience for dates, parties or family dinner night :DAt our table we had:Burnt Ends Appetizer- cooked perfectly with a great balance of the rich, fattiness and jerky like seasoning.Grits and Pork Belly Appetizer- creamy, juicy, tasty and completely satisfying. Baby Back Ribs-  Cooked to perfection, fall off the bone, juicy and hearty.Shrimp Po Boy-  Fresh, hearty and a lighter way than the usual Po Boy you find around, but could use a little more spice or Cajun seasoning.Short Ribs- A great "pot roast" like quality to the meat that left it flavorful and Not dry at all!Mac and Cheese-  Creamy, not dry at all, a great crust on top and the kind of cheese they use in it is just right!Yams- You can actually taste the yam!!!  Unlike some places that smother your yam in some gelatinous candy goo, Pot Liquor's has a wonderful, subtle sweetness and a fresh made marshmallow fluff.  Sooooo Good!!!Collard Greens-  this was my first time having greens and they were amazing!!  A great briny, savory-sourness with a fantastic bacony smokiness. I've heard that greens can easily be messed up and gross, but these, I would defiantly eat again!  Apparently, they use the pot liquor from these in their bloody marries too!  Yummmm!Beer and cocktail list was great!  They make their own lemonade in house and to order for your sweetness preference! I mean, there really isn't anything bad to say about this place AND THEY JUST OPENED!!  If they are still working out the kinks, then we couldn't tell.  Highly recommend this to anyone!  Oh, did I mention they prices were totally affordable???  Cuz they are!  We will be going back here before any other BBQ place in town.
5	Everything we tried was good, but I do have a few favorites. The highlight was the skirt steak with oxtail ragu. Was sooo good I have been telling everyone to get that with the corn succotash. Also had the burnt ends appt upon bartenders recommendation and he was right. Wasn't something I would normally order, but was so delish. Had to try the baby backs and spareribs, both were really good. Infact, best ribs I have had in town. For dessert had the bread pudding and deconstructed key lime pie that was so good, I hogged it all for myself! Im a picky person(so my friends tell me) but all I kept saying was "Im so happy". Will definitely be going back soon.
5	BBQ amazingness! My co-worker and I tried it out for lunch and were very impressed with the food and customer service. Our server Matt was attentive, entertaining, and had great recommendations. The restaurant has a great atmosphere and works for any occasion such as lunch with friends/co-workers, date night, and even has seating for large groups. The pork belly was to die for..I'm a huge bbq sauce person but the meat had such a wonderful smoky flavor I couldn't dare smother it in sauce! We ordered a variety of items and all of them exceeded our expectations. The best part is that it was all reasonably priced. They offer lunch and  happy hour specials as well as an extensive drink menu. I want to thank the Exec chef Doug for such a wonderful dining experience!
5	Just opened a week ago. So far, outstanding. Had the brisket for lunch. Got a chance to see the kitchen and how everything is prepared. The staff is friendly. The bar is expansive and boasts a Happy Hour from 3Pm-6PM, featuring Fried Pickles, one of my favorite appetizers.
3	Myself and a group of co-workers ate here yesterday for lunch. This review is based off the lunch menu and none of the BBQ entrees.Basically, this place is still in their "soft opening". We were greeted by the owner who was very polite and gracious and even gave us his business cards so we could personally message him if needed.The hostesses, our server, and the bajllion other people that came to our table to fill our drinks, clear silverware, etc, were all fantastic and really on top of their shit. Obviously, since they just opened everyone is going to try their best, but I have to hand it to the staff, they did a really phenomenal job.So with that said, sadly, I was not quite a fan of the food here.The appetizers we ordered were the chicken wings, baked blue crab, and the burnt ends. Everyone agreed the chicken wings were meh; good texture but lacking in flavor. The dipping sauce they were served with was nice I personally enjoyed the baked blue crab, it was my favorite thing I tried. The burnt ends were actually meaty pieces, but lacked flavors you would expect if the meat was actually being cooked all day as they claimed.Again, I did not try any of the bbq meat entrees. All of us got something off the lunch menu, which is actually moderately priced for the amount of food you get. I ended up getting a chicken sandwich with a large portion of sweet potato fries. The chicken was bland (yeah I know, I got it grilled, but I expected a little more) and my sweet potato fries were cold when the plate was set down in front of me. This is also the kind of place where if you ask for a sauce, you get a tiny half filled metal cup. Slightly annoying, but not a big deal. My coworkers opininons were mixed, but the general consensus was that they could definitely do something to up the flavors. 2 of my coworkers got the pulled pork sandwich, which did not come with sauce and didn't really have much flavor. The meals people got around us all looked tasty (the BBQ entrees/sides), which is a reason a few of us would want to go back. It's a nice little place to get BBQ if you happen to be in Town Square. The lunch menu is worth giving a try. I may go back in a month or so to try something else off their menu.
2	Went here for lunch on Wednesday September 24th, restaurant maybe half full at best.At first impression I like the decor, the simplistic look, the colors all in all looks nice, but then you sit down and realize that the furniture is garbage, the chairs are way to small and hard and the tables are to low for even average people.The menu looks good but way overpriced, somewhat to expect for Townsquare but this is bad, however the orders were made for lunch, some sandwiches a burger etc.40 minutes later the food comes out and now really makes the point that this is a disaster, now the food is not bad let's make that clear but average at best, combine that with the horrible seating and poor service my conclusion is don't even bother.This is a rare bad review from me in a town with a ton of dining offered, but the experience is so bad that I felt I had to do this.
4	Had lunch here today, was pleasantly surprised. I eat a lot of BBQ and this one you need to try. Pappy's in St. Louis is still the benchmark.  I had Spare ribs with dry rub and no sauce. The rub is incredible and the smoke flavor was perfect. They said they use fruit woods to smoke with and it had that flavor. I did not try the 3 different sauces they served with the ribs. The ribs didn't need any other flavors. I had two sides, Green Beans (excellent) and Collard Greens (awesome).
5	Unfortunately, I was not able to try everything on the menu in one sitting!  However, the rubbed ribs, collard greens, and succotash was delicious.  I grew up in the South and know something about greens and BBQ.  I'll tell you that the food at Pot Liquor is delicious.  The staff is very attentive, My server, Leia is an absolute gem.  Friendly, attentive, and there when you need her.  The BBQ sauces are amazing; hot Texas style, Memphis sweet, Carolina Vinegar, and Alabama white are too good to describe.  I can't sing the praises of this place enough, so I will have to go back on my next trip the LV and try some more of their delectable fare.  r
5	One of my close friends Antonio had his 18th birthday party here and everything was absolutely perfect! The BBQ, the salad, the Mac and cheese, chicken! I was in heaven. The customer service was rapid quick and super friendly! Might start being the best restaurant in town square !!!
4	Stopped by on their 8th day of their soft opening.  Their official opening is supposed to be around the 8th or 9th of October.  Sat at the bar and the staff was very quick to get me my drink order.  Nice to see fresh lemonade with free refills.  I took my time perusing the menu so the bartender suggested a plate of pork rinds while I made my decision.  Tasty, warm, and with a touch of lime-salt.  Being Filipino, I prefer to have a little meat on my pork rinds, not just the skin.  But that's a personal bias I won't let influence this review.Decided on the half-order dry rubbed ribs with green beans and the cornbread muffins.  The green beans were crisp-tender and very well seasoned.  The corn muffins (3 half-sized ones) were good with a very good honey butter on the side.The ribs are very good here!  Very flavorful dry rub and the meat was falling off the bone tender.  The two 'que sauces were served on the side: 1 was smoky, 2 had a little more heat.  Nice that they give you both and you can always order more.  A nice touch is that the ribs come to the table individually sliced.  Sometimes you don't feel like fighting your meat, even if you have a knife in your hand!  Some reviews complained about the wait.  Can't comment on the wait 'cause I was watching football and I usually lose all track of time when I'm watching football.  I liked the atmosphere here.  Cool black and white photos, unique saxophone chandelier, and classic rock playing in the background.  The staff was very attentive and one of the owners and the assistant manager came by, introduced themselves, and asked about the experience.  The only gripe I had was about the dessert.  I haven't had a good fried pie in a long time and was happy to see it on the menu.  But....duh..duh..duhhhhhhh......they didn't have any.  WHAAAAATTTT?!  Nope.  My bartender told me it would be on the menu by the time they had their official opening....(sniff, sniff)....  One of the tragedies of eating at a restaurant during their soft opening.  I usually like soft openings too...but I digressOverall a very good experience.  I'll definitely be back to try other dishes...and to try their deep fried pies.
5	I checked this place out earlier this week and was pleasantly surprised. The waiter was friendly and the food was excellent. I had the dry rub ribs and they were by far the best ribs I've ever had. That's hard to beat because I come from the south. I have been here twice so far and plan on coming again and again.
5	Leah was our waitress and right off the bat I loved the service and restaurant. The vibe is great inside and the lighting is dim after dark so it's an ideal date spot. The food was perfect! I got a mixed vodka drink with coconut water and strawberries and shared deviled eggs, fried catfish, and a number of BBQed meats, last but not least a key lime pie in a cute mason jar. I will definitely be returning... I don't know why anyone would choose Yard House or any other surrounding restaurants over Pot Liquor. Thanks for the great experience!
2	Pros = Nice looking place, decor is pleasant.  Also, we got a nice discount from the manager after our experience (see below.) Cons = Just about everything else.  Our server was nice, but her service was slow.  The food took over an hour (not exaggerating) to get to us, and the food (that was actually what we ordered... Some was messed up) was over-cooked.  Also, for a BBQ place, they seem to have some sort of issue with barbecue sauces.Ribs, Brisket, and sandwiches were ordered, and everyone got one half-filled ramekin of BBQ sauce each, that's it.  The Mac and cheese was good, although a little bland.  The collard greens were OK, but nothing any home cook couldn't do better with.Going back to the lack of sauce for a minute, when asked for more sauce, they brought out a plate with 3 more half-filled ramekins on it, explaining they were the "Q1, Q2, and Q3 sauces."  when asked what that meant, we were told they are three different sauces... Great, thanks! If you live in Vegas, you already know to go to Lucille's or Rollin' Smoke for your BBQ.  Let the tourists deal with this place.
2	Not what I would call good or fair BBQ, edible maybe. Had the Carolina pulled pork for lunch, not even close to real Carolina pulled pork. Having spent 7 years working back and forth in the Carolina's, I've had my share of pulled pork. No flavor to the meat, slaw served on the side and vinegar on side does not count as Carolina BBQ sauce. Prices are very high, yes they do offer bottled still or sparking water for free (thus 2 stars vs 1), but nearly $4 for a fountain drink?  Pass on this place till they figure their prices and recipes out. Feel bad saying this, but better food and value at a chain like Famous Daves or Lucilles in the area right now.
2	$3.95 for a soda?  I should have known right there they weren't interested in locals (yes, I'm familiar with the prices at other local restaurants this is, after all, my neighborhood).  My brisket sandwich had so much fat that I gave up and took the rest home for the dog.  Too bad, because I was looking forward to having a high quality BBQ restaurant, nearby.  I will watch to see if there are any substantial changes in their approach, before returning.
5	We arrived at around 545 and there was no wait - nice although I'm guessing that will change as they become more popular.There is a nice selection of beer (both bottled and on tap), as well as some creative cocktails. I ordered off the specialty lemonade menu (sweet tea peach moonshine and lemonade - sweet and delicious).For dinner my husband had the pulled pork. He says it was good with a smoky flavor and very tender. He also had a rice w/ ham hocks and black eyed peas - also good. The Mac and cheese was enjoyed by all.I had the appetizer fried catfish Benedict as my main meal. It was delicious and flavorful. Overall, we enjoyed our experience and the service was good. Our waiter was knowledgable about the menu and attentive to our needs. The food took a *little* longer than expected to come out, but nothing major and they are still on their soft opening. I appreciate the local spot with a new variety of food. So happy they're here. We plan to come back.Also, as an aside, when town square does movies on the green they say they will do some combo baskets - definitely something to check out!
4	Appetizers were big in size, but small in flavor (chicken wings not seasoned well, pork belly, not seasoned well, just tasted like pork) The entrees Redeemed you! Had the wet baby backs and dry rubbed St. Louis.. So juicy and flavorful.. Some of the best ribs in town! And the sides held up to the main event.. Mac n'cheese was creamy and cheesy, but not over sauced. The candied yams were great and the hint of citrus in the marshmallow meringue is genius! Takes them to the next level.. Look out Lucille's,  There's a new "smoker"in Town (Square)!
4	Who knew barbecue could be so refined? Pot Liquor just opened up in Town Square and we are so happy to have it.  I immediately noticed the pork belly with country grits, and even though I'm usually not a fan of grits we decided to run with it.  This paid off, just order it. Seriously, just do it.  They were creamy and cheesy, and had the comforting nostalgia of mac and cheese.  This was a big deal for me because I need to stay away from gluten, and this is gluten free.  There are little GF circles all over the menu so anyone with this allergy shouldn't feel left out.  I didn't even get to the pork belly itself yet.  It was almost caramelized, nicely seared on the outside, while being rich, juicy, and tender on the inside. Most places I've been to, the pork belly is usually crunchy or chewy (sometimes overly), but this was neither. It was on another level, it melted in your mouth almost like you'd expect foie gras to. I'm gonna say this again, it was almost like pork foie gras. I got the Worcestershire braised short ribs.  The presentation kind of blew my mind, it was on par with the high end dining I've seen in Scottsdale or Cave Creek AZ.  This flavor was balanced, Worcestershire can be overpowering or it's used so sparingly you'd be oblivious to the fact you're consuming it if it wasn't listed.  The initial kick hits and tapers nicely.  The meat is falling apart as you pick it up with your fork, and again, the flavors are overall warm and comforting.  Service was great, the food took a while to come out.  It's still worth it but it's hard to make within a lunch hour.  I also understand this place just opened and we think the kitchen might have been shot staffed.  We were there the day before the official grand opening.  I think this place has the potential for 4 stars once they work some of the kinks out.
3	Short Review:It's all about their short ribs, the mac & cheese, and candied sweet potatos.  In my opinion, their prices are a bit high for what you get, especially on their sides. Longer Review:Pot Liquor CAS would be 4 stars from me if I all I got was their short ribs, their mac & cheese, and candied sweet potatos.  I have to admit, their short ribs is phenominal. I'm not a pork fan, but couldn't resist seconds when the girlfriend offered to share.  Their short ribs are "fall off the bone" and literally melts in your mouth.  But that was my girlfriend's meal.  Their Texas Beef Briskets is what I ordered and was disappointed.  It's a good portion at around 8 oz, but that was the only thing good about it. My briskets were rubbery, had no taste, and was dry at the same time.  I felt like I was eating a ham steak from a casino buffet not a beef brisket.  Good thing I had some of their mac & cheese and candied sweet potatos to wash it down.  I gave Pot Liquor 3 stars based on my overall experience.  The prices are a bit high, especially their sides, and the service was average. As for their food...just stay away from their beef briskets unless you're craving a ham steak.
4	The restaurant is gorgeous: red brick, floor-to-ceiling windows, mason jar chandeliers, wooden barrels, and local artist paintings. It's elegant and modern, yet casual. You can have a nice dinner or a casual lunch. I also love sitting at the bar with the very friendly bartenders! Oh, and the food is delicious!Kansas City Style Burnt Ends ($10.95): Beef brisket point, maple bark, 'cue #1, Pullman loaf, Nevada Brining Company pickles. Apparently I'm late to the delicious game that is burnt ends, but now that I've had them, I'm not letting them out of my sight! I've had this dish twice and oh my gosh, it is GOOOOD. I mean, REALLY GOOD. Highly recommended!Crispy Fried Chicken Wings ($9.95): The wings have a great batter that is truly crispy and very flavorful and the chicken was moist. They're served with celery and carrot ribbons and spicy ranch. All very yummy. I really didn't expect to like this dish so much, but it's one of the better wings I've had.Devil'd Eggs ($5.95): Gherkins, Dijon mustard, topped with chicken skin cracklings. I love deviled eggs and these are great. I love the flavor of their yolk mixture and the crispy cracklings lend a nice texture against the creaminess. Another fantastic choice for shared bites or bar food.Fried Green Tomato Salad ($12.95): Red onion, country ham, goat cheese, lemon caper and olive oil dressing. The green tomatoes had a nice texture (it wasn't mushy, which would've been disastrous). The batter was fantastic and held up with the dressing. All the ingredients worked really well together - the crunchy and aromatic onion, a little saltiness from the ham (thinly sliced like prosciutto), and the tart goat cheese.Dry Rubbed Spareribs: Slow-smoked with a dry rub; finished on the grill. Delicious. I absolutely love the smoky sweet flavor of the meat. Serious yum.Mopped Baby Back Ribs: Slow-smoked pork baby back ribs; mopped with 'cue #2. I usually go for spareribs, but the barbecue sauce on this one made me a fan. Oh, and it was tender. I still like dry rubs on meat better, but this sauced rib is just as delicious.Louisiana Hot Links: Nice snap and unique flavor. It's also not too spicy. Overall, good sausage.Chili of All Chilis ($13.95): Ground beef, smoked pork, smoked beef brisket, red beans; served on corn cake. I'm pretty picky about chili and I can't even tell you anywhere I actually enjoy it...until now! The smoked meats really add to this dish and I love that the chili isn't too sweet (that drives me crazy). Also, the corn cake is so, so good!Fries with Alabama White Sauce ($4.95): I know, they're "just fries," but I truly LOVE these fries. They're delicious and that sauce is addicting! I wouldn't mind hanging out at the bar and munching on these all day.Sides: Macaroni and Cheese, Hoppin John, and Collard Greens in Pot Liquor are all solid choices and really delicious. I don't normally endorse "mac n' cheese," but I like theirs; it's not too heavy and it has a nice balance of flavors. The Hoppin John is their version of a dirty rice or rice and beans and I really enjoyed it. Another dish that I could just keep eating. To round it off, collard greens - just yum. I love that it wasn't just a pile of green goo; it was distinguishable pieces of collard greens that still had bite, but deliciously soaked in pot liquor.At their grand opening event, I tried the Boiled Peanut Hummus (fantastic and so fresh; tasted just like hummus I make at home!), Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich (yummy; tender meat), Southern Style Chicken Sandwich (SO good! I'm definitely ordering this during lunch!), Fried Pumpkin Pie (light, flaky pastry with creamy pumpkin filling - yum! It was also not too sweet!), and Chocolate Peanut Butter Cluster (creamy PB center of chocolate with nuts; good stuff). Their cocktails are fantastic! My favorites: Apple Mint Julep (J.P. Wiser's Rye Whiskey, mint, mint simple syrup, apple juice) and Cucumber Corpse (Prairie Cucumber Vodka, Grande Absente Absinthe, St. Germain Elderflower, cucumber, lemonade).
5	You have to try the dry rubbed beef short ribs. Best I have every had, so good I did not use sauce, amazing!
1	So.... everyone seemed to have good things to say about this place, I might be the only odd one out. We went there on a Friday around lunchtime and the place only had couple tables to start. We were greeted by the hostess and we asked to see the menu first before deciding whether to eat here or not. The menu looked very appealing so we got a table. The decoration inside was clean, appealing and very nice. Our server was very friendly and prompt. So why did I give this a 1 star?We ordered off the lunch menu. DH got the T.L.B "Tender Loving Bacon" (10.95) and I got the Shrimp Po' Boy (13.95). And we ordered the appetizer Pork Belly With Country Grits (9.95).  (See the pictures I posted)The App came out in a decent amount of time, it was only 2 pieces of pork belly on top of some grits, the presentation is nice and the flavors were ok. But come on, it is not worth $9.95 price tag. Before we were done with our app the entrees came out. DH's T.L.B is a joke, size wise, it's like 4 bites and with 2 pieces of bacon and they call it a BLT and charge $10.95 for it?? It probably only cost them $2 at the most to make this at this portion. My Po' Boy was decently sized, I got few pieces of large shrimp in mine. The flavor however is lacking. No seasoning whatsoever and the shrimp had a heavy shrimp smell to it (it wasn't very fresh). Both dishes came with a side of cole slaw and fries. The cole slaw did not have flavor, only a touch of vinegar. We both only ate one bite of it and that's it. The fries were good, crunchy and fresh out of the fryer.Overall, the food just did not live up to the description on the menu and it's way too overpriced. I know this location must have a high overhead but you cannot charge $10.95 for a kid's sized sandwich.
5	This was seriously the best brisket I've ever had! Atmosphere is very cool too and they have Rockin drinks. Dessert was sooooo good. Waiter David was very nice and very knowledgeable about the food. If your looking for a cool place to hang out with friends at Town Square, this is it. I brought my 9 year old son and he loved it!
4	Wow. Husband and I split the Lord Have Mercy!, added brisket, and had sides of mac & cheese, succotash, and cornbread. We wanted to try a little of everything since it was our first time. Brisket, pulled pork, both style of ribs, hot links, and chicken were all delicious! Meat was tender, ribs were falling off the bone, and the sauce selection was great. The mac & cheese was incredible. Probably the best I've ever had. Succotash was okay- not very warm. Cornbread and honey butter was great. The bread was not crumbly and the butter wasn't too sweet. Definitely want to go back to try desserts: fried banana split, strawberry shortcake sandwiches, and key lime pie in a mason jar? Count me in!!
5	Not enough words to tell you how much we love this place!  Their BBQ is some of the best we've ever had (and we lived in North Carolina, Georgia & Oklahoma!).  A noteable must is the Pork Belly & Grits appetizer....Ah May Zing!  Their collards (dish that provides their namesake "Pot Liquor") and macaroni & cheese side dishes are must haves also.  Impressive whiskey selection.  Oh, and their sweet tea is perfect!  Hard for this picky girl to find in the west!The atmosphere feels like a fun high-end pub.  They found the right balance between cozy neighborhood bar and uptown trendy restaurant.  The service is attentive without being intrusive.  Great servers!!!You have to give them a try!  You'll love them!
3	First off. REALLY good food. The corn succotash is delicious. And all the meats are fantastic. I love the choices in barbecue sauce. They give you a sweet traditional, a "spicier" tomato based Texas style sauce, a vinegar based southern style sauce, and their Alabama white sauce which is a mayo horseradish. All worth trying. Now, the reason for 3 stars... SLOW SLOW SLOW! Each time I have been there it is a minimum 2 hour experience. Which is just fine if you're in no rush. But if you have somewhere to be, go elsewhere.
2	I was so excited to try this after reading all the positive reviews.  This place was a let down. I had to double check to see if some Yelp event was hosted here first to ensure the great reviews. It doesn't look that way. This place just missed the mark. Maybe because they are only 5 weeks old? PROS: Fried Green Tomato salad - prosciutto, goat cheese and red onion.             Meat falls off the bone.CONS: Ribs were served below warm             Mopped ribs (means sauced) needed lots more sauce            Lemon meringue marshmallow topping on yams            We left and knew we probably won't be back.  It's rare, but sometimes the ratings and me don't mix.
5	Holly moly! Honestly the best southern food with an elevated culinary twist. My drinks, my apps, my meal.... Every bit, amazing!
1	I had the brisket and my husband had the pulled pork.  Our meat was full of fat so we went our dishes back and the revised brisket was then dry and the pulled pork looked more like burnt ends.  And, to top it off, about two hours later, we were both very sick.  We only had eaten here so can't blame it on anywhere else and no, it wasn't a stomach bug.  I want to enjoy and recommend new places but I just have nothing that I can positively say about this place. I've had much better BBQ at other places and did not end up sick.
5	Oh my goodness, the best barbecue I have ever had - and I'm from the south! The server, David, was amazing. He made great suggestions. The pork belly with grits are the best of each of those I have ever had. The deviled eggs were delicious. The dry rub spare ribs are an absolute MUST ORDER! Oh my goodness. Those slow smoked ribs blew my mind. Also the best I have ever had in my life! The spicy Louisiana hot links were wonderful as was the brisket. The corn bread with sweet honey butter was absurd. I could have eaten that all day. The collard greens in pot liquor were wonderful. The Mac and cheese was delicious, but had trouble in comparison to the ridiculously good corn bread. My whole group was in utter food nirvana. They have an extensive beer, whiskey, and bourbon list was pairs beautifully with the food and the decor. This would be a great place for large parties along with a couple wanting a little piece of gorgeous nostalgia. I am definitely coming back every time I'm in Las Vegas and we're making sure all of our friends and family do the same! Thank you, Pot Liquor, for such an amazing experience!
3	Let me start off by saying the first time I visited this restaurant was for a singles event. Because of the event we got 25% off our liquor purchases. I had a glass of wine and then there were set appetizers for the event and I'm going to try not to judge my experience on these set appetizers because they were not very good.  However the space is super cool and that is saying a lot. When my brother came to visit he wanted barbecue and we happened to be in town Square so of course we are here.  Now the service was really bad. In fact we got up to leave after they brought us water because we just thought they were never coming back but they did see us get up to leave they did come over the manager came over and he gave us free dessert.  My brother and his girlfriend loved the food. I liked the food. I think if they get the kinks worked out they get a nice happy hour going they'll be fine.
4	Had a blast here tonight ! Our bartender beth was very attentive and attractive. Service was on point and the food was perfect. Def recommend this place if you like BBQ
4	Okay, let's get this out front- American BBQ is back, in several incarnations. Probably the most ubiquitous lately has been the mash-up of Asian (mostly Korean) spices and ingredients and some traditional urban cooking methods (braising, pressure cooking, etc.) with a decent dose of traditional smoking thrown in,  but smoked meats (and cheeses) have been popping up in unexpected venues for several years now. Too many smoke purists are too stodgy about their favorite traditions and style to see much beyond that which they personally prefer, and BBQ strikes close to the hearts of many culinarians, causing even the most professionally objective to openly cast aspersions on other legitimate styles and traditions.That being said- let's talk about Pot Liquor. It's in a decent enough and accessible location, and it's nicely appointed, if a bit echoey (probably could have partitioned the space a bit more, including a PDR with some custom features), it's got a nice big bar (big plus for this elbow bender), and pretty nice beer and whiskey selection. Service is friendly and attentive and thorough in explaining the menu. An on to that-This is a bit of a traditionalist's BBQ temple featuring very high quality sauces from KC to East Carolina (vinegar-based), some old timey roadhouse favorites and comfort food and French country bistro (the not-to-be-missed boudin noir) thrown in for good measure.As a starter, I chose the burnt ends, and, although serviceable, they didn't exactly impress. Sure they were smoky, and they had a bit of caramelized crust to them, but they lacked the serious "bark" that all pit masters should know how to produce. They were a bit on the cold side as well. I'm guessing they're using a cook-and-hold method that isn't really gittin' 'er done. The 'cue sauce (#2, I think), though was great. Don't get me wrong, the smoky brisket itself was good, but the indulgence of good burnt ends is all about that tender smokiness fronted by a seriously crusty bark. They serve these up with "Pullman Loaf" which is just white bread, the traditional mop for tomato-based BBQ sauce, and some simply killer pickles.From there we had a nice selection of items- the Carolina pulled pork, St. Louis ribs, baby backs, some Boudin Noir, and brisket. First- the not-too great- both styles of ribs lacked the light crust that all good ribs should have guarding their near fall-off-the-bone tenderness, which, come to think of it, these also lacked, only just a bit. Many smoke heads argue that ribs should be a little firm and stick to the bone, but I've found the super-tender, near-melting meaty types tend to exhibit more depth of flavor. That aside- again, the KC and Texas sauces were spot-on exemplary with these. Speaking of Texas- on to the brisket. Brisket, in Texas, is the meat all BBQ chefs are judged by, and let's just say, if this was Austin, they'd need to argue for a do-over. While the pink smoke ring was apparent, and the meat nicely infused with smoke, it took good doses of the various sauces (and the collard greens' pot liquor) to impart any moisture. Properly smoked brisket will still ooze juice, but again, the killer sauces gussied it up nicely.As for the good stuff- the Carolina pork is amazing- perfectly cooked, shredded, and perfectly matched to the East Carolina vinegar-based 'cue sauce. I also delighted in letting the pot liquor from the collard greens drip into the pile between bites. This is seriously addictive, yummy (super-yummy) stuff. Equal to it in many ways, but distinctly different was the Boudin Noir. It came with grilled prawns, which were expertly executed- firm but still juicy with nice caramelization, and a great celery-onion-orange slaw. All the flavors worked together as brilliant culinary composition, and the Boudin Noir is exquisite. The casing crackles and the interior is flaky-crumbly and moist. Another example of culinary crack. The Louisiana hot links were very well executed as well, with firm "poppy" casings and moist deliciousness therein.The sides that really "wowed" were the kale-cashew slaw and the collard greens. The slaw is actually more slaw than kale, but is perfectly balanced, and not only are the chopped bits of cashew obvious, the night I went, the whole salad was redolent of the faintly sweet-nutty legume, as if the dressing was infused with cashew. The collard greens, like the Carolina pulled pork and Boudin Noir, are can't miss. Simmered in the namesake pot liquor, they literally drip with flavor.Service, on the whole was pretty good, although at one point before I ordered, both bartenders got their backs to one side of the L-shaped bar talking with a couple- which is fine, but all good bartenders' heads should be on about a fifteen to twenty second swivel.All in all, given the crack-addictive nature of several of the menu items, I will most definitely return, and I'll happily check to see if they've made progress on their brisket and rib items.
5	La la loved this place. The service was outstanding and the food was to die for. I got a combo platter with brisket, pork and chicken. It was all delish. The sides we picked were Mac and cheese and potato salad.  Yum. The fried pickles were so great. We ended the night with the fried pie. The flavor was pumpkin. You could tell it was all homemade I will be returning
5	This is a must for Barbeque. We started with the deviled eggs and were perfectly prepared. We had the sliced brisket and pulled pork. Both tasty and tender. A nice addition is the variety of fresh made sauces. The manager, Francis, visited at our table for five minutes and was genuinely interested in our feedback. He gave us his business card to call him should we think of anything we thought would enhance our dining experience. Our waiter was attentive and professional. This one is a winner folks.
2	So we came here cause we heard good things from friends. We were excited that it was happy hour so 25% off menu items. Needless to say, we were very disappointed! Thought we ordered a lot of food but the portions were tiny. The food was average nothing to rave about but the most shocking part is our bill was $60 before tip!!! Did I mention this was during happy hour! & no leftovers... Will not be returning that's for sure.
4	Overall the food was great. Took my family here for lunch. No kids menu but they have a descent  Mac and cheese for a side dish. Chrissy chicken and pulled pork sandwiches were delicious.
5	Our server Paul was great! The Mac and cheese was delicious! The green beans are a must! The chandeliers are really cool! It's good to have another fun option at Town Square. It seems like we're always going to Yard House, Brio, or CPK. This a Southern style BBQ joint with some unique food options that I'm too picky to try.
4	Really good. At first I wasn't too sure because the menu is more limited than usual barbecue restaurants, but my god was really good. The baby back ribs have a really good smoky flavor paired with a sweet sauce. The hoppin John side is really good, I would come back just for that.
5	Pretty darn good BBQ, especially for Vegas. I like some of the good old-fashioned items on the menu. Both types of ribs are great and good hoppin' john and collard greens.
3	After being very excited about trying some much needed new BBQ in Vegas,  I felt robbed right away! Ordered the "burnt ends" and got a smaller than expected, not burnt ends taster....steak pieces cut into smaller pieces, more like it. Then ordered a share plater of beef ribs, best part! Spare ribs dry tough meat, very little smoke ring, sausages soo good but I have no idea what they where! And pork burnt ends, just like they are supposed to be!! Kids enjoyed grilled chs, hot dog bites and rock star tenders! Mac n chs was very tasty and the sweet potato side dish was very refreshing despite how sweet they are! Worst bloody mary of my life don't bother!! I would of sent it back but I started with an IPA that was completely oxidized must of been an old keg since those are new tap lines and that should not taste that way....old wet cardboard!!! All in all interesting,  but I will not be back I want a true southern BBQ joint with hospitality and the smoked meats and they just aren't it...Kansas city, Texas....or Dads backyard they are not!
4	The pulled pork and steamed chicken was great. Good choices of sides: mac n cheese, candied yams, cornbread; all things typical of a barbecue place, but they put their little spin on it, which makes it fun.I was surprised the menu didn't have more options than it did. There seemed to be the lighter end of the menu, some salads (why would you come to a BBQ place for greens? :D), and then some full-out big meat platters, two sides included-type things. I wasn't "starving" but wanted to try the meat, so I ended up having an appetizer as my meal and ordering a side.The food was good enough, clean place, server Carl was great. I just wish they had more menu options in the middle, serving-size-wise.They also have a great space in the back, and there was a small banquet going on when we were there, which was nice to see. I would definitely recommend this place and keep it in mind if ever I need a big space with good food and a friendly wait staff.
5	Fried green tomato salad and the pork belly appetizers are a must! The ribs were amazing as well! Great beer list and cocktail menu. Beth the bartender was great.
5	Just want to be completely honest.   You can tell that there is so much love involved in the preparation of this food.   So much Love.   By far the best local BBQ in town!!!!!
2	Imitation fast made BBQ. Reliant on the sauces for any flavor.  Got the combination plate to sample each meat.  First- the good.  The Mac&Cheese was outstanding!The bad-The brisket was 90% fat 10% meat. (See picture) the "pulled pork" isn't even pulled!! It's chopped up!  You can see the blade cuts and it's all blocky, not stringy like a pulled pork is!  Candied yams were just O.K.This is lazy BBQ at Town Square prices.EDIT: To add-  the atmosphere is very nice.  I could go here for a drink at the bar, and be very comfortable in this Industrial/Americana setting.
5	My husband and I stumbled upon this place while heading to the AMC movie theater.  We are not from the Las Vegas area.  We both enjoyed their delicious BBQ chicken, beef brisket and pulled pork.  We especially enjoyed their deviled eggs appetizer.  We enjoyed it so much, we went back 2 days later to pickup food for a family gathering we were having before we left Las Vegas.
1	The candied yams and French fries with white sauce are a must.  The wait service was very good.   Our waiter took the time to explain the menu and type of cuisine on the menu. Everything else we had was a disappointment.  My husband said it is like the chef used the wrong recipe for his meal (pulled pork looked like chicken?) and my brisket was so like three days old dry.  Good brisket should almost melt in your mouth and be so savory you don't notice the space in between bites.   We did not finish our meals.  We lied and said we were full.  And perhaps this is because they are new but there was no diaper changing station.  Fail for mamas!  Won't go back.
4	First and foremost, our food was great!!The staff was awesome and very friendly. The Manager (Francis) came by to say hi and thank us for coming in. We were a lunch party of 8. Everyone at the table enjoyed the lunch.I would definitely go back! Although maybe not for lunch. The food took a long time to show up, even though as I said...maybe worth the wait? From sitting to ordering to getting our food was 45 minutes. On a regular lunch break, it is too long for me.Luckily this was a "work lunch" so a long lunch we could all get away with.And thankfully it was a "work is treating lunch" because they have one menu for lunch and dinner. My 1/2 order of ribs was $18, which is a little bit rich for my lunch budget. Wish they had a cheaper lunch menu, might reconsider. Although I did see a couple lunch sandwiches in the corner of the menu. But I mean a smaller portion, less than $10 lunch menu. But with all that said, I would go back, for sure! This will be a super tasty place to go before a movie at Town Square, or the place to eat with friends on a night out. When time is not an issue, and $18 for dinner entree is fine!
5	We were very pleased with the food and the service. We had the pulled pork sandwich and the Chili of all Chilis. They were both very good. Best of all from my perspective as a whisky drinker is the list of spirits. The list is heavily weighted toward bourbon as you'd expect for a southern barbecue place. There are dozens of them and a decent offering of Tennessee and rye whiskies as well (and a few scotches for good measure).  And let me add props for any establishment that lists their spirits. I have a usual and a well stocked bar so when I go out I want to be able to choose something new to try without it turning into a guessing game with the bartender.  I can't wait to hit the bar at Pot Liquor to try out the rarer items in their stock.
1	Not sure where to even start!  We were the first ones in for lunch, our food took an hour and the order was incorrect - my husband did note when he pulled up, that the cooks were outside smoking cigarettes...  The waitress was this annoying blond, who kept interrupting our conversation to say mindless things.  Now the food - ugh, tasteless, overpriced, fatty crap - ugh, none of us liked our meal. Go to Famous Daves or Lucille for better b-que!
5	First time eating at Potliquor and I am definitely a fan... From the tasty Hummus dip & the mini beef bites was a great start.  Main course mini pulled pork sliders were on point.. Lots of flavor & very filling.  My husband had the chili brisket over cornbread   Was packed with great flavor. Ribs were very tasty,  moist and food came out at the same time for a large group...The ultimate favorite was the Mac n cheese by far the creamiest I wanted to eat it all but was stuffed from picking off everyone's plate. We couldn't pass up the dessert since the food was amazing the dessert has to be just as good...ordered a peanutbutter chocolate dessert that we all devoured. Excellent service, amazing food and comfortable atmosphere we will definitely be back!!!
4	Excellent food! Four stars only because it is very pricey. We tried the Burnt Ends, Grits & Pork Belly, Potato Salad, Mac & Cheese, Corn Bread, Fries & Alabama White Sauce - all were really good but we will forego the fries for a different side next time just because they were nothing extraordinary.
2	We loved the ambience and location, but our service was slow and our food was less than expected in taste. We relied on the sauces whereas most ribs are enjoyed alone.We had the pulled pork, two types of ribs, and our sides were Hoppin John and Corn Succotash. Not much for flavor on anything. Other than overpriced drinks, the atmosphere is fantastic and the hostesses were helpful and welcoming.
5	Great new place. Customer service was pretty good! Manager came out to check on us too. Nice ambiance & very clean. I ordered the American classic Chicken Pot Pie & it was divine! Chunks of delicious chicken in almost every bite along with a very flaky top crust & a savory creamy pie filling with fresh vegetables. It was so good! My friends food looked & tasted great since they allowed me to sample. Everything was yummy! A new favorite spot for me.
5	We took our family of six to Pot Liquor tonight for an anniversary celebration.  We ordered the pork belly and grits and chili for appetizers.  The pork belly and grits was amazing, though with six of us, we each only got a couple of bites.  I would order it just for myself; it was sooo good.  The chili was great, too.  For the entree we ordered the Lord Have Mercy, and the Hog Wild, and we had so much food left over.  We really could have gotten by on just the Lord Have Mercy, but we thought we would need more.  The portion sizes were more than generous, and considering all the food we got, the prices were quite reasonable.  And, most importantly, the food was absolutely delicious.  With our platters we received five sides: 2 mac n cheese, 2 kale and cashew salads, and a potato salad.  Of those three, my least favorite was the potato salad, not a huge fan of the cracklins in it.  Mac n cheese was the best , so creamy and savory and yummy!The service was fantastic; the atmosphere warm and inviting.  This is definitely a great family celebration place.
5	Seriously the best BBQ in Las Vegas...and I've tried them all.  We ordered a full rack of spareribs and baby back ribs and the moment the plate arrived, we knew that we were in for something special.  Amazing quality and quantity...honestly, I've never seen so much meat on a rib before and I'd swear that we were each given several pounds of pure meat.  This is the first time I have not been able to finish my "rack" of anything on the first sitting...not even close, I brought half of the ribs home.Much like the meat, the side dishes were incredible.  My wife had sweet potatoes that were plentiful and topped with marshmellow and the report was "best I've ever had".  We both had excellent green beans.  And the Mac & Cheese...wow...honestly the best I've ever had...large and cheesy and creamy.We eat 99.5% of our meals out and it's not often that we're pleasantly surprised by a new restaurant.  Well, our hat is of to Pot Liquor CAS.  We've already settled on the fact that the next time we feel like BBQ...this is the place!
1	I grew up in Birmingham, AL and this was literally the worst BBQ restaurant I have been to in my life (39 years). If you didn't grow up with BBQ, please don't think that what they serve at Pot Liquor is BBQ. Even Famous Dave's is better than this garbage.The pulled pork was cooked at too high a temperature for too short a time, so the outside was hard and inedible and the fat and connective tissue didn't break down like it is supposed to, making the interior meat also mostly inedible.They serve what they call "Alabama Sweet Tea". To me, it tasted like unsweetened tea. In the south, sweet tea is extremely sweet. I understand toning it down a little bit for those not used to it, but this was extremely bland. I complained and they brought me another glass from a different batch, but it was the same.Their sauces have the non-descriptive names of Cue #1 thru Cue #4. I had to ask what they were. I tried all of them and they were terrible. I think #4 was their "Alabama White Sauce". Instead of being a tangy thin white sauce that can penetrate down into the meat, it was basically 98% mayonnaise with a little bit of seasoning. Disgusting.They couldn't get basics right, and most of the rest of the menu consists of inappropriate fancy modifications of southern food.Examples include:"Fried Catfish Benedict": Fried catfish should be able to stand on its own. hollandaise sauce is completely inappropriate."Devil'd Eggs": topped with deep fried chicken skin. The flavor of the skin completely overpowered the egg."Brownie Bread Pudding": bread pudding is already very sweet if made correctly and chocolate is not an appropriate flavor combination. Then they serve it with "sea salt vanilla gelato". If you asked for "sea salt vanilla gelato" in a real BBQ place in the south, they would laugh at you and probably throw you out."Fried Pies": this sounds pretty basic but the description says it is served with "malted anglaise". What the heck?"Strawberry Shortcake Sandwiches": sounds pretty straight forward but it comes with strawberry cream gelato. Again with the gelato!"Kansas City Style Burnt Ends": Another staple. But they shake "sugar in the raw" over the top. The burnt ends were good but the sugar made the experience unpleasant. Really? You can put sugar on meat that shouldn't have it but you can't put it in your sweet tea?I told them their chef needs to visit Alabama and learn how to make real southern food. They assured me that he HAD visited Alabama and spent a whole 10 days there. You can't learn BBQ in 10 days. Good BBQ chefs have spent well over 10 years learning to make it. Pot Liquor does not serve southern BBQ or any southern dishes. I may try them again in a couple years if they haven't gone out of business. Perhaps by then they will have found a cook book and learned to make some actual southern food.
5	We followed the recommendation of a friend. We had the pork belly and the baby back ribs and we loved them. The service was exceptional. We had several people from the staff come to us to introduce themselves and made us feel very welcome. You really feel like Cloud 9 and speaking of... order the drink with this name I can guarantee you that you won't be disappointed.
5	I was meeting a friend for dinner and saw there was a new bbq restaurant at Town Square. I was super happy to find their prices were reasonable and the food and drink selection was diverse. We started out with a round of the Cucumber Corpse. It was a refreshing drink that went down a bit too easily without being cloyingly sweet. It was accompanied by the deviled egg appetizer which was topped with some delightful chicken skin cracklins. Those were addictive!  We shared the Spare Me Baby entree which could have easily fed 4 people. You got to pick 2 sides, so we opted for the mac & cheese and greens. Both were delicious. Finally, we ended with the fried banana split dessert which had a scoop each of vanilla, chocolate and strawberry ice cream. Get this!Overall, it was a very enjoyable experience accompanied by some great service. They offer a 25% discount during happy hour (M-F from 3-6pm and all day Tuesdays) which includes everything on the menu. Give them a try and enjoy some delicious smoked meats!
1	I was really frustrated with my two experiences with Pot Liquor.My first experience I ordered my food to go. (This was roughly a month ago right when they opened) I'm a town square employee and I figured that order 30 minutes in advance would provide them with ample time to complete my order. I walked in and the hostess told me to take a seat at the bar. The bartender was prompt in providing my check and a glass of water. After that, the experience went downhill. Fast forward to me asking where my food was multiple times in the next 45 minutes. They still had not brought it out and I asked them to refund my card. Disappointment was an understatement. Also, they didn't reverse the transaction.Yesterday, I opted to give them another try because I figured that the first experience was just a hiccup with them opening initially. They got my food out in an adequate amount of time, but when I went to eat my food in our break room, they gave me a grilled chicken sandwich when I asked for the fried chicken sandwich. I asked for no tomatoes due to a food allergy, and low and behold, tomatoes were on my sandwich.I tried to give them another chance and they messed up again, needless to say, I will not be returning. I was really excited about a different option within the mall, but sadly they still have some kinks to work out. However, I'll most likely not be retuning to see if those kinks ever get addressed.
2	I'm frustrated at the overpromotion of this place. The meat is extremely salty and not nearly as good as other BBQ in this town, and this is a bad town for BBQ. The place is no bargain, and I'm not a fan of overly tattoed and botoxed servers.
5	Well worth the trip off the main drag.....best BBQ in Nevada. Love the ribs and great atmosphere. The weight staff worked as a team to make sure everyone was covered......can't wait to come back
3	Decided to try this place about 2 weeks ago with a big group of friends. We let the server know ahead of time we were are trying to catch a movie in about an hour and a half, plenty of time to order and enjoy the food. The server was nice enough to let us know that there was a 25 percent off special going on tuesdays. My boy friend and I ordered the deviled eggs and shared a combo plate. The deviled eggs were tasty with like these crunchy chicken things on top. The combo plate included two kinds of ribs, hot links, and choice of two sides. The mopped up ribs were really good and flavorful, whereas the dry rub were just ok. Hot links were good too. We chose mac and cheese and side of corn bread for our sides. The corn bread was absolutely fantastic. Mac and cheese was ehh. So why the 3 stars? Well our server and the rest of the staff just seemed to be in panic mode. Initially when he took our orders, it seemed like he was having a hard time using their tablet system. They kept forgetting to refill our drinks. One of our friends had lemonade and he came back with sweet tea and said "Please tell me you like sweet tea, because we are out of lemonade." He brought us to go boxes that were too small to fit those huge dry rub ribs. Then when it came time to pay it seemed to have even flustered them more. It was like a 30 minute ordeal to pay. And of course we were late for the movie. I wish they just had more of a sense of urgency.The food was good and we will come back to give it another try.
5	Only been here one time so far but it was really good. Good appetizers, salads, BBQ and drinks. I will definitely check it out again sometime. Cool vibe inside with bar, tv's, etc plus it's in town square so there are plenty of things to do in the area. I would recommend checking it out!
2	Seems like a tourist trap. Overpriced for the food. Atmosphere was great. Service was great. Unfortunately the food was not great. Won't be back.
4	Good quality BBQ at a decent price, good atmosphere - kind of like contemporary brewery meets sports bar meets BBQ, with odd music choices. Almost like an identity crisis that somehow works. The service was friendly but SLOW. For BBQ which has already been smoked, it should come out quickly! We were seated at 6:05 pm and our check was also slow in coming out, finally arrived around 8:30 pm! Most of the time was spent waiting for the food or check. We ate quickly because we had two kids in tow. They also never brought out those warm wet washcloths to wipe your hands, so I had to wash my hands to get the BBQ sauce off of my hands.That being said, the ribs were meaty and delicious with a subtle hint of smoke. The sweet sauce was good, but the vinegar sauce was too astringent. The fries weren't great (luke warm and hard) but the Alabama sauce was really good. The succotash was ok, they used corn cut off the cob. Pulled pork was standard. The burnt ends were a little tough, but came with local pickles (cool) and Wonder bread-type bread slices. Why?? My five-year-old son complained about the mac and cheese; I tasted it wondering what could be wrong with mac and cheese, and it was suspiciously Velveeta-esque. Overall, their meat was good quality, but they skimped on some of the sides.Lucille's is better and worth the extra drive, unless you just want a trendy place to hang out.
3	I was really conflicted when writing this review. I went with a party of 12 for a birthday and they only had one server on out table, and they had him on several other tables as well. I know big parties are a pain in the ass but we had a reservation and the restaurant wasn't packed. It took 30 minutes to get our first round of drinks. We got a few appetizers and some didn't even show up til mid entree. Our sides for our entrees didn't show up until after we were done eating. Now that being said our food was actually quite tasty. The hotlinks and ribs were delicious. I'm not sure if this was just management not scheduling right and a new server, to boot. Someone had dined there before and said it took a long time for them to eat there as well. All in all our meal took 2 hours and 45 minutes. I would like to go back but probably won't, and If I do it would be in a small group.
2	My husband and I went on Friday to have a couple of drinks and apps at the bar.  We ordered the deviled eggs which were just ok.  The burnt ends, were not burnt and was just a pile of fat.  We also order the pork rinds, the menu states they have a chili lime salt, which I could not taste at all.  The drinks were ok, the bartenders seem to be in panic mode with trying to measure every ounce.  I may go back to try something on the dinner menu but no rush.
5	Delicious! We were in town from Salt Lake City and a stranger recommended this place. Thank you stranger! Delicious food. Friendly service. Francis, the GM, was friendly and funny. I wish we lived here so we could frequent this place. (Get the Mac and Cheese!)
5	interesting menu, we are thinking of starting off with the hummus! My brisket was good and they have an Alabama white sauce that is to die for!  Key Lime pie in a Mason jar was excellent too!
3	Visited on two separate Tuesdays, when (at press time) the entire menu is 25% off.  Decor has a modern feel to it, part upscale sports bar, part smokehouse.  The manager both times is easy to spot, as he's making sure the place runs smoothly in these opening weeks.Skirt Steak w/Oxtail Ragu: Steak was cooked correctly to order, a hint of marinade that had some distinctiveness but might've been lacking in a salt-ish flavor.  The ragu was an interesting compliment, but didn't exactly jump out for all its billing.Dry Rub Ribs: A half order is still quite a generous portion of seven medium sized ribs with one end piece.  A tasty, distinctive rub that meshed well with the rib's juices.  The end piece though was tough like pork jerky.  Kale and cashew slaw is quite unique and tasty.  Fries were not.  Good value though with the promotion.Would've appreciated some more napkins and wet naps once the food was served, but was eventually given a hot towel toward the end of the meal.Place is off to a good start from the times I went.  Does blow the doors off the chain BBQ joints in LV, and thank goodness for that.
5	I was taken to Pot Liquor for my birthday by a large group of my friends. The staff were friendly and courteous. The food was absolutely amazing, since there were 14 of us we were able to taste several items off the menu. Everything was delicious and the portions were huge! I especially loved the baby back ribs with the KC style BBQ sauce, Mac & cheese, collard greens and I'm still thinking about the key lime pie in a jar (HEAVEN). Thanks to the staff for a great birthday experience! I will be sure to return soon and have already recommended this place to several of my friends!
5	We have been in Las Vegas for over 20 years and have seen many BBQ restaurants come and go. Pot Liquor should stand the test of time if they can get the locals thru the door along with tourists. Great value Mon - Thurs 25% off whole bill during happy hour. We had the sampler platter with ribs , sausage and pork plus all the sauces. Beautifully presented and excellent tasting quality. My partner had prawns with boudon noir ( black sausage ) which was delicious. Later we tried a selection of smoked bacon, smoked chicken ( which is brined for 24 hours prior to smoking ) and braised ribs. These were superb and I would not like to choose which is the best dish here. All were scrumptious.  For dessert we had fried pie with creme anglaise and bread pudding. I thought the fried pie would be heavy but it was light and fluffy with a melt in the mouth sensation. The bread pudding was slightly heavier but deliciously delectable. The atmosphere in this restaurant was easy and very convivial much like a downtown New York Tribeca hangout but with much better service. The staff were a delight and our server Leah was incredibly knowledgeable about the menu and genuinely really lovely. The other staff were really great too. I know this is a newish place but it is always nice when the owners are present and mingle with their customers. They appreciate all feedback and  comments. All in all the Best BBQ in Las Vegas.  Hopefully it will stay around for many years.
5	I love everything about Pot Liquor! Great food, awesome staff, and beautiful location!
5	My son tried this restaurant once and wanted to take me (and a friend). We arrived, and the hostess recognized him and welcomed him like a long lost friend. The rest of the staff was just as terrific. The food was the best BBQ I have ever had in a restaurant. Our entrees were the spareribs, baby back ribs and the brisket sandwich. Huge portions! All of the ribs were very meaty, excellently spiced, and delicious. Our sides included the mac and cheese (excellent), the corn muffins (addictive), and the fries. I loved the kale and cashew salad!  We tried the pork bellies and grits as an appetizer. Amazing! Very creative dessert menu! The best was that our server Les took us back through the kitchen to see the smoker. Got to meet the owner- very fun and appreciated!  Our server has an extensive restaurant background and it showed. We will definitely be consistent customers.
2	Ok we came in after the Santa parade trying to find a place to have a quick dinner. Smelled good and seemed promising. Food gets 1 star, but I added another star since their service is actually great. Everyone was so nice, helpful, and quick to service. My daughters had ribs with fries. The ribs wereNot cooked properly and were  still on the raw side. We wanted to order their crab appetizer but they said they were out, so were ordered their hummus and prawns. Prawns had no taste. Hummus was ok, nothing special to rave about   After I tried ordering a sandwich and told I could only have it for lunch we got annoyed and left. Best thing there was prob my sons chicken fingers, but not what I would want for dinner
3	Interesting new place for BBQ lovers. They have a huge menu & good portions, for the meat. Their sides are a bit anorexic. The service needs polishing up. I had the feeling that another server thought the other server was helping us, so we had no help. Finally, a really nice gentleman came and helped us but he wasn't our server either. We had some girl who was blah & barely checked on us. She was prompt with the bill, aren't they always?
2	After recently moving to LV from the deep south my fiance and I were quite excited to find a new BBQ joint because we both love the stuff.  However, Pot Liquor was very disappointing.Highs:-Service! There was a French gentleman (owner or manager) who was very nice and our waiter did the best he could considering the ridiculous wait times.-Baked crab app was delicious.-Kale cashew slaw was delightful.Lows:-Service was EXTREMELY slow.  Dining room was half full and it took 45 minutes for the apps, then another 45 for the entrees to appear.  I had beer but my fiance's cocktail took 20 mins.  Smoked meats aren't done to order so I have no idea what the hold up was.-A terrible smell, sewage or grease trap meant we had to move tables.  The issue was handled well and there were plenty of tables to choose from but be warned it was nauseating.-BBQ overall was not very good. The pulled pork was in fact chopped and both the seasoning and smokiness were tepid.  Lot of fat left on board too.-Chicken was mediocre and all the sides (except slaw) were under seasoned.I know that this place just opened and  the service issues could just be kinks but you have to nail the BBQ down. This place is pricey and it's just not worth us trying it again to see if they've figured it out yet.
4	I will gladly drink the Pot Liquor here!! This was a great dining experience!A large group of us made reservations for Pot Liquor CAS for a Tuesday night (to take advantage of the Happy Hour Tuesday special- 25% off the entire menu). The hostess was SO friendly and warm and seated us right away. The restaurant is beautiful, gorgeous chandeliers, red brick walls, and really struck the right balance between down-home BBQ and upscale. The food- DELICIOUS! I was able to sample the Deviled Eggs, which were a little more mustard-y than I prefer (I like mine a bit sweeter), but the cracklins on top were a great touch!You could easily make a meal from sampling a few of the appetizer options, and some of our party did. My mom and I decided to be fatties and split the "Go Hog Wild" plate, which included dry rubbed spareribs, pulled pork, baby back ribs, and hot links as well as two side dishes (mac & cheese and candied yams). We also got a side of brisket, cause... we just had to! THANK GOODNESS our server let us know that these plates were meant to be shared! Both varieties of ribs were very tender, well seasoned and yummy! There were 3 types BBQ sauce served on the side. The brisket wasn't as tender as I like, but it had a good flavor. The hot links had a kick to them, also very good.  The only thing that I didn't like so much was the pulled pork. The side dishes were also fantastic. I could eat that mac & cheese every day! My only real complaint is that the food is served just warm- I like my meals to be piping hot, but that's just a personal preference. One of my friends got the chicken pot pie, which had a puff pastry topping, and that looked really delicious as well- I'll be back to sample that! We couldn't leave without trying dessert, so we ordered the brownie bread pudding... AMAZING!!  The perfect balance, not too sweet, and the gelato on top was a great compliment. The service was great all around, and the waitress even very kindly split the checks for us. The hostess even took tons of pictures of our group after we finished eating.I am definitely a fan, and I will be back for more of this liquor!
2	In our group recently, the men enjoyed a gigantic sandwich of meats and meats, with bacon.  The fries were among the best ever we've had.  BUT southren* cooking doesn't have to come with a layer of fat 1/3 thick on smoked brisket. And a body expects the brisket to be tender.  Pot Liquor's dipping and barbecue sauces are unnecessarily inventive--all the barbecue sauces were composed on the same overly - hot base. The mayo-based horseradish/lemon zest sauce was bland and puzzling. We tried a smattering of other traditional southern dishes,  but they were disappointing enough to be unmemorable. Prices were high for the quality.Service was super friendly and excellent. The store doesn't slam you with loud music.Me going back? Nope. Guys might for the sandwich and fries. Order 1 of them for two.
1	Today I read a food critic's column in the Las Vegas Review Journal's NEON section which gave 4 A ' s to a new restaurant at Town Square, POT LIQUOR CAS. Wow, I thought! 4 A's. This must be a great place. So off we went to dinner with another couple with grand visions of a fabulous meal to come. This restaurant is far from fabulous, not 4 A's as described in the column. Not even close! The food arrived cold, the brisket was more fat than meat and not very tender, the ribs were dry and unappealing; the mac and cheese side was bland and had not a taste of cheese; one of my dining companions sent his brisket back in exchange for the pulled pork but, after arriving looking like half a football, it too was sent back. The waiter was pleasant enough and sent an assistant manager who advised he'd get some less fatty brisket. This 3rd replacement was better with less fat. My complaint to the general manager was handled very poorly with no accommodation.  This was followed with a complaint to the chef - owner who responded with no emotion. I gave this place a one star rating because the cornbread muffin was just ok and the water was wet! We eat out often and I've not ever felt so used and cheated.
5	I'm giving them five stars because, for a new place, they have a lot of the right stuff going on right from the start. Mainly the service - the hostess greeted us instantly and with a great attitude, sat us down immediately, and our server Scotty was wonderfully friendly and did a great job. This was the first time here for my wife and me, and she doesn't normally like BBQ, but *I* do, so she got the Big Cobb Salad and loved it, while I got the "Go Hog Wild" combo plate, and I was happy too. The sweet tea was just right, as well. An earlier review said the food comes out less than piping hot, and that's true, so don't dawdle taking pictures of your chow, start eating, and you'll be fine. Big portions, all done well. The pulled pork with the Q3 sauce was my favorite, but everything was very good. Beautiful atmosphere and the aforementioned friendly staff will have us back again soon.
4	Short Review: Great place for lunch/dinner with 1-7 people. Although they have a fair variety of foods, the best deal is the combination plates that feed 2-8 people easily. There is also a generous kids menu. Longer Version: when you walk in you are immediately greeted. The staff is very friendly and you can easily see that they work as a team. Kudos to the manager for sure. The menu is basic, but does provide a variety for its size. There is also a large variety of alcohol to chose from (one of the largest whiskey menus I've seen). Most dishes are about $16, but the best experience is found in their combination BBQ platters that serve 2-8 people easy. For three people we ordered "The Beef The Chicken And The Pork", a combo platter that included smoked brisket, 1/2 roasted chicken, and pulled pork. Each came with its own sauce (I suggest getting extra sauce for the pulled pork). The two sides we had were Mac n Cheese, which was baked, and a rice dish called Jumping Jon. The Mac n Cheese was amazing, but the Jumping Jon was not. It was only ok. Mainly because it had a rubbery food product in it that none of us could identify. The BBQ was pretty good, but did lack that classic "smoked" flavor one would expect from a restaurant that has so much fire-wood displayed. Don't let that hold you back though. Each portion had a great flavor and fed all three of us with a small portion left at the end that we took home. The ambiance is very nice. The music consisted of "oldies" and the atmosphere is kind of a rustic Memphis-style BBQ joint with top shelf whiskey ready to complement the food they serve. The chairs are decent, it's easy to get in and out of, and the environment is kid friendly. Overall, I can see this place being a frequented place locals go to in Town Square for good food and great conversation. Improvements: bathrooms were not easily identifiable and aren't completely finished. Up that smoke! :)
4	Nieces 10th bday celebration, picks this place, that's why we love her. Owner comes to table, he's from the south, south end of Paris lol. No worries, they've got the BBQ down. Delish ribs and pulled pork, excellent greens (spicy!). Try the house Old Fashioned while you wait for dinner, relaxation in a highball.
5	My husband's work came here for their very early Christmas party. There were about 50 of us and they handled the service great. The waitresses were excellent and on point.  The owner came out and acknowledged us. Food was beyond amazing. We are from Kansas City and it was great trying their version of kansas city sauce.  Our friend grew up with Carolina style and he was able to try their version as well and loved it. The food is great, the atmosphere is awesome as well. Many more trips in our future will be made here. We live in the NW of the valley and it's well worth the drive. 100% recommend from a person who grew up having BBQ weekly.
5	So first off let's start with the atmosphere  it's laid back with a slight bit of flair. You'll feel comfortable walking in no matter what your plans for the day were.  The staff is fantastic!  We were in with a large group and Leia was spot on with taking care of all of us. She had another server helping, but I was unable to get her name. She was also so friendly and a great server. We didn't want for anything. Now let's get to the food.  Oh. My. Gosh. It's amazing. Finger licking good doesn't begin to describe it. It's positively mouth watering. Slow cooked all day in a smoker and it's fork split tender.   Actually you probably just need to give it a mean look and it will fall apart in fear.  The sauces are great. I highly recommend taking their advice with how you pair them with the meats. You won't regret it. We met the owner and head chef Flip, and he was so gracious.I cannot compliment this place enough. We had an amazing time with them. They were friendly and engaging. I will definitely be returning (once my waist size returns to normal!) with all of my friends as any visitors.
5	Outstanding!!!! Looked up restaurants in Town Square and came across Pot Liquor CAS. So glad we chose to come here.  Would highly recommend this establishment.  Great looking bar and very nice wait staff. Our friends both ordered the 8 oz Pot Liquor Butchers Burger, which had bacon and a fried egg. They loved it and it looked amazing! My wife ordered the Kansas City Style Burnt Ends off of the appetizer menu and a side of mac and cheese, which I shared with her and was very delicious. Off the lunch menu I ordered the Texas Dip which was made with sliced beef brisket, pepper jack cheese, and is served with a BBQ sauce a jus. Great sandwich btw. For dessert we shared an order of two small fried pumpkin pies, which were also very delicious.We were visiting from So Cal but will definitely be back to visit.
4	Big fan of this spot!Tried almost all of the meats. I especially liked the pulled pork, baby back ribs, and hot links. And delicious sides, too: especially the sweet corn succotash. The corn is cut off of the cob - and some magic happens in the little cast iron skillet it's served in.Very friendly, competent staff. Great place to watch the game from the bar, comfortable environment. Also fun to be able to walk a lap around the Town Square shops after stuffing your face with southern comfort (food, that is.)
5	We were in the mood for ribs and our friends, who had eaten here before, let us know that there was 25 percent off for locals on Tuesday night. While I had always been a fan of Famous Daves and Lucille's, I was more than happy to try this place that was offering a nice discount. I ordered the mopped baby back ribs which I shared with my wife. We got two sides with it. We ordered the Hoppin John and the Mellowed Candied Yams.The ribs were among the best ribs I've ever eaten. First of all they were meatier than any ribs I've ever gotten in the past. Even with two of us sharing a full rack, we were not even close to being able to finish it. The portion was huge. They were cooked to perfection. And I really liked that they weren't swimming in barbecue sauce. They just seem to put a small amount on to give it a little flavor. They did give a small container of BBQ sauce on the side for those people who wanted even more. But to my mind the amount that it came with was close to perfect. The Hoppin John side dish was a rice dish with some beans in it ( not really sure what kind of beans they were). That dish was absolutely delicious. A perfect accompaniment to the ribs. The mellowed candied yams are also very good. They were a little too sweet for my taste but what should I expect when the word candied is in the name.This is now my go-to place for ribs. Goodbye Famous Daves and Lucille's.
5	Popped in for lunch one day after deciding to try something new.  Glad we did.  Amazing brisket sandwich!!!!  I'm not sure if it was the owner that greeted us when we arrived, but he was very nice in fact everyone was extremely pleasant.  Glad we found a new lunch place in Town Square.
2	It's apparent the kitchen has no idea how to operate.  The food was good.  I was not upset with that. However 50 mins for bbq is absurd.  Bbq should be done. The owners friend sat next to us and they had no problem getting food early with prompt service. We however, were not given the same respect or service from staff...It's unfortunate because I was really looking forward to trying this place in hopes for good bbq in LV
5	Finally got to try this place. Went on Thanksgiving for their special spread. DELICIOUS! More than I would've ever expected and for $20. Just perfect. We had an amazing waiter as well. Plus the decor and vibe of this place was pretty cool. They had the later NFL games on to watch too. Just a great meal and experience. We'll be back for sure. I think we found a new place to add to our Town Square restaurant list!
1	I came across Pot Liquors as I was walking around Town Square the other night. I was checking out the menu when the hostess came out to talk a little about the restaurant. She mentioned they were doing a "Thanksgiving Meal". So doing a little more research on the places, reading a lot of positive reviews, I convinced my mom to cancel our original plans and to try this new restaurant instead. Unfortunately that was a big mistake. I really wanted to like this place after reading all the reviews on the food and the service. The same hostess that I encountered the other night sat us rather promptly. That was probably the only positive thing about our experience. It all went down hill from there. From the time we got sat, it took 15 minutes for a server to come over and help us. And if it wasnt for the hostess walking by asking us if a server had helped us yet, we'd probably still be there waiting for a server. And it wasnt that busy. Finally a young server named Kristen showed up and took our order. My mom and I ordered the special thanksgiving meal. The drinks arrived promptly. Several minutes later the server came back to inform us that they were out of the butternut squash soup and asked if cream of mushroom would be ok to substitute. I really didnt care either way. 10 minutes after she took our order the soup finally arrived. I wish it would have stayed back in the kitchen. The temperature was luke warm at best. At least I didnt have to worry about burning myself. After finishing our soups another 15 minutes passed before our main entrees arrived. That's probably because they were sitting out for 15 minutes, allowing them to cool down. Not one item of food on the plate was hot. Again, like the soup, everything was luke warm. I pushed the plate to the side and waiting for our server to stop by. Unfortunately she was too busy watching football at the bar. I had to walk up to get her and tell her our food was cold. She apologized and took it back. Maybe a little more than 5 minutes later she come back with new plates. Unfortunately nothing changed. Everything on the plate was still luke warm. The gravy on the turkey was actually congealed. A sign that it had been sitting out and cooled. Again I pushed the plate to the side. This time I got up to get a manager. The plates got taken back a 2nd time. Then the manager came back and asked if we would like something else instead of the Thanksgiving menu. After a few minutes we decided to try it a 3rd time. Before this, the manager came back to try to explain about the turkey and why it was a little cool. The turkey wasnt the problem, it was everything else that was cold. The manager was even on the verge of being argumentative, saying the the chefs personally prepared the 2nd dish and blah blah blah. A 3rd version of the meal came, personally served by the manager. I was hoping that the 3rd time's a charm. But it was the same thing. A cold meal. And this time my mom's plate didnt have the sweet potatoes. Instead it had this sauerkraut looking type side. Still wasnt sure what it was. My mom barely at anything on her plate. I did finish my meal, only because I was hungry. Needless to say we also didnt see the manager stop by for the rest of the night. Guess he really didnt care if we were happy with our 3rd round.The previous reviewer, Ryan R. I wish I would have had your meal. And while my mom was waiting for me to pay the bill she was talking with 2 couples outside who loved their experience. They said everything they had was excellent. Again, I wish I had their meal instead of what we were served.Now the million dollar question. Would I go back? Probably not. As much as I want to try their BBQ it is a little on the expensive side. I can get a kick-ass BBQ meal at Jack Stacks in KC, MO and pay half the price. If I do return to Pot Liquors, it will be to have a drink at the bar, just to see a cute female asian bartender who is covered in tattoos. Just because I am in to that sort of thing.We should have stuck with the reservations at Mimi's.
3	This place is A-OK, as you probably surmised from my selection of Yelp star rating.I stumbled across their Thanksgiving menu online. For $20, it sounded like something worth trying. We were looking for a low key dinner spot and this place fit that description.Town Square seemed dead, but Pot Liquor had a decent crowd. Looking through their beer list, although they have a respectable bottle and can list, the draft offering is meh. I went with a La Fin Du Monde that cost more than it should.On to dinner. The first negative off the bat was that the butternut squash soup was being replaced with cream of mushroom. It sounded like a downgrade. Luckily, it was actually quite good. The main course featured very tender peach wood smoked turkey breast and confit of turkey leg and thigh. This was accompanied by a salty and burnt cornbread/apple/sausage stuffing. Fortunately, the rest of the surrounding sides were well made--the requisite green bean casserole, yams, mashed potato, and cranberry/orange sauce. And like the starter, the pumpkin cheesecake dessert was surprisingly good.Their happy hour gets you 25% off absolutely everything (according to our server) and is available 3-6pm Mon-Fri and all day Tuesday. I enjoyed dinner enough that it would be worth checking out again during HH.
5	Went here for a pre-Thanksgiving, Thanksgiving. Ordered the 3 course meal. Started with butternut squash soup, it came out right away and was so freaking good, I wanted to lick my bowl. 2nd course was the main course which included turkey (white and dark meat), juicy, well seasoned, excellently prepared. Cranberry sauce, far too sour. The best stuffing I have ever had in the world (although a little on the salty side), sweet potatoes, green bean casserole and mashed potatoes. Every item was prepared exceptionally well. The third course, dessert, was a pumpkin cheesecake which was delicious as well, I ended up eating my dates cheesecake, too lol.The vibe in the restaurant was amazing. It was very dim, the bartenders were attentive and provided some colorful conversation. The noise level was very low, even with the football games playing on the three TVs over the bar, and the drinks were strong and cheap. My date and I ordered  raspberry tarts which I highly recommend. This place is great for friends as well as family. 100% recommend!
2	Came here on black Friday for the first time, was out of top entrees, no excuse for that, the cornbread sucks very very bland, how can u have a bbq place without awesome cornbread???, burger not cooked to order, ordered medium came our well done. Cool looking place but food is not up to true Bbq standards. maybe will be a better experience next time, if I ever come again but I'm doubting that. Very disappointed in this place, was looking for some great bbq, but did not receive it at all. Bacon on the burger was good tho along with the fries, not so much the entrees though.  Mediocre place for what it's talked up to be. Definitely not a 4 star restaurant. Venue is decorated nice but it does not match the food. Probably won't be back. Sorry not sorry
4	Delicious food. LOVED the environment! The chandeliers and lights were so nice to have around. The Lemonade Bar was amazing-got the Cloud 9 and Grown Up Gatorade...so yummy.
3	This is a cute little bbq spot right across from Yard House in Town Square.I let my friend for happy hour around 5:30. The restaurant was pretty empty, but it slowly filled up as we sat at the bar. The bartender was nice and attentive to us. My friend ordered a drink and I opted for iced tea. It took us a while to decide what to order since we were chatting but I ended up ordering some pork rinds from the happy hour menu and a baby back rib salad. The pork rinds were not good at all. Too salty and the texture was completely off. It was too hard to eat. My salad was decent. There was a good amount of rib on it and the Flavors were well-balanced. My friend got the fried pickles and the burnt ends appetizer. Both of these were pretty good. I don't typically enjoy fried pickles, but these were better than most and they were cubed instead of sliced or speared which was a little different than usual. Pot Liquor didn't blow me away, but a majority of the food we ordered was good and I'd come back to try out more of their menu.
4	Finally some good BBQ in Vegas!  We came with the Fam and ordered the Lord Have Mercy which has 1/2 smoked chicken, 6 bones baby back ribs, 6 bones spareribs, Carolina pulled pork, 4 Louisiana hot links.  It comes with 3 sides and we added a couple more.  I love me some sides.  We got Mac N Cheese, Corn Bread, Cabot Grits, Mellowed Candied Yams and Fries w/ Alabama White Sauce.  The Lord Have Mercy is a lot of food!  The meat and sides were great.  There were a few things that while were still good, weren't what I was expecting.  I thought the Alabama white sauce was going to be a white BBQ sauce like they have in the south but it seemed like it was just a side of mayo.  The Cabot Grits tasted like regular grits, I thought they were going to be cheesy.  Not a big deal but I was a little disappointed.  Service was good, food took awhile but was worth the wait.  They have a great all day happy hour on Tuesdays, 25% off the entire menu and you do not have to sit at the bar!
4	This is a delicious BBQ joint.  Their Carolina BBQ sandwich is good. Also, their burnt ends are tasty!  Their selection of whiskey is surprisingly decent. Two visits and I am a fan!
1	I only gave this one star because yelp would not let me write with no stars lit. We ordered a drink, an appetizer, and a combo platter for my birthday dinner tonite. The drink and the deviled eggs came out right away and both were great.An unusually long time later our platter came out. Brisket, chicken and pulled pork with Mac and cheese and green beans. The presentation was great, with the server explaining each of the three sauces. Everything looked great, until we started eating. Everything was cold. We sent the platter back and got platter #2. SAME PROBLEM!!!!!  All of the meat was cold, one of the slabs of brisket was a half slice of fat and burnt beef, and all of the sides were smaller portions. My wife asked for the manager, who begged us not to leave  and allow him to "make it right" and told the waiter to "take care of this" waving his hands around our table. After waiting AGAIN for our meal, we finally got one that was at least hot. At this point we just wanted to leave. But wait, it's not over!  After waiting for anther 15 minutes (during which the hostess who had obviously overdone the Xanax that night weirdly offered us more water) THEY BROUGHT THE CHECK !!!  And they had the balls to charge full price!!My wife paid the check in order to get us the hell out of Satans kitchen, convinced that the producer of whatever hidden camera show we were on would surely arrive and tell us it was all a joke and we had been punked. On the way out, zombie hostess told us to "get home safe and warm...."PLEASE GO ANYWHERE BUT HERE TO EAT!!!!  I can't imagine that this place will be open much longer.
5	Very pleased with our experience. I had an old fashion to drink and the boiled peanut hummus for starters. For entree I had the pulled pork, collard greens, and kale&cashew slaw. My wife had an southern belle with beef brisket, mac &cheese, and candied sweet potatoes. The kids had the bribs and mini corn dogs.The food and service was prompt and wonderful. The kids food came out early so they could start eating. The drinks were great too.In another post something was said about the lack of baby changing station...that has obviously been fixed. My wife and I are from the south. This is as close to good authentic southern bbq and cuisine as we have found in Vegas. We will be back.
5	Love this place, first time eating here, love the #4 sauce! Will 100% come back again!
5	I know I'm a little posting this review.  Came here for lunch on vacation (second home from home) in November on 11/20/14.  Menu is awesome.  Gluten Free Meats and Sides.Of course I had to try a little bit of my sisters food and fiance's.  :)My sister had the Fried Green Tomato Salad.  First time having Fried Green Tomato and it was really good.  My fiance had the Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich.  Pork was pretty tasty, piled high.  I had the Texas Beef Brisket 8oz with two sides Collard Greens and Macaroni & Cheese.  The sides are huge portions.  It served all three of us.  Brisket was on point.  Delicious!!!!!!  I would definitely become here again and try something new.
4	Pot Liquor is a must go if you're near the town center. As a new establishment, Pot Liquor serves some awesome BBQ in a modern environment with an industrial style decor. The service was fast and although the menu was pricey, the food was well worth the money. I ordered the half baby back ribs with macaroni and cheese, potato salad, and their homemade staple cornbread. Phenomenal. I wasn't impressed with their potato salad, and I do not recommend it. However, I do recommend their ribs. The half rack was more than enough and each piece was packed with plenty of delicious meat. I also enjoyed their robust beer list and definitely recommend their Full Sail Amber Ale. To top it off, the General Manager Francis was extremely nice and welcoming. We enjoyed our conversation with him when he personally checked up on us and asked us how our meal was. Overall, I would definitely recommend this up and coming establishment to others.
1	We arrived on a Tuesday night reservation for six. The special for the night was 25% off your entire bill, sounded like a great deal, problem was they meant 25% of the menu wasn't available. When we checked in for our reservation we were informed that there were no ribs available. Really a rib house with no ribs available....hmmm. We sit down and before we can get our orders out we were informed that there was no brisket available either. You've got to be kidding me. I'm looking for a camera now. And have to settle for the pulled pork sandwich and fries, only I can't order a sandwitch it's only available for lunch I can only get sliders. Very poorly managed restaurant is what I'm thinking. What food we did receive was good but don't think I will return.
5	Best BBQ in town by far. Service is great and for you New Yorkers out there, the dessert..forgetabout-it!!!
1	If I could post zero stars, that's what I would do.  Let me preface this with the fact that we got here at 7pm on a Saturday...busy time for sure, but a restaurant should be able to forecast for that. After placing our orders, our waiter let's me know that I got the last order of brisket available (again, it's only 7pm on a saturday). Next, our food comes and here's where the real fun starts. My Mom's pulled pork looks chopped (as opposed to actually pulled) and it's DRY AS A BONE. I live in Chicago and maybe I'm a bit of a BBQ snob, but meats should be able to stand on their own...they shouldn't  require sauce to make it moist or give it taste. Best part? They didn't have enough containers for sauce to go around so we had to wait like 5 minutes before they even brought us any! Now, on to my entree.  I ordered 8oz of brisket. Sadly, ~3oz of it is fat and gristle. For $19, I think I deserve a full 8oz of edible meat. My wife's ribs were OK, but definitely not great. Our sides were pretty "meh" all around. All of the most new at our table were fairly tasteless (Mac & cheese, candied yams, corn succatash, cornbread)...definitely nothing great. Oh, and they kept forgetting stuff. My cornbread came out without any butter, and my mom's Mac n cheese came out like 5-7 minutes after the rest of our food. All in all, for what they are charging, I'd be expecting a WHOLE lot more.
1	It's 830pm on a Sat and there is NO BRISKET. How is that possible? Mac & Cheese was cheesy, but flavorless. Corn bread was ok - Marie Callendars does it better. Since there was no brisket and I don't eat pork, I opted for a cheeseburger and had to ask for BBQ sauce on the side since they don't offer a BBQ burger. Very disappointed. My bill was $24, $30 with tip for waiter that did a good job of explaining menu items and offering drink suggestions. I left unsatisfied and thinking I could of eaten much better at Famous Dave's for what I paid.
4	Very interesting place.  The tables are spread out, making it a good place to hang out with friends, since you aren't crammed in.  The decor is nice, the hostesses cute, basically everything you'd expect out of a Town Square restaurant.The manager is super welcoming, has real conversations with the patrons, and seems legitimately interested in talking to people, not just the "is everything fine?" line that a lot of managers have as they run around the restaurant.  The food is interesting and unique.  Here is my take.The food is reasonably priced for Las Vegas BBQ, which is to say, unreasonably priced anywhere else, but thats par for the course here.The meat is all smoked in a real smoker that uses real wood, I've seen the smoker, you can see the wood piled around the restaurant.   The pork seems like good pork (though I'm not a huge fan of pork), the brisket was very tender and flavorful, which IMO means its a shame that they don't have more beef products, I bet they'd be great.  So what I've had thus far.Bacon Steak - Uncured, its like a pork loin.  Its "good", but I prefer cured bacon.Hot Links - Excellent.  The herbs taste "bright", probably freshly made there.  Not  spicy, I'd say a 5 or less, I can't perceive heat below a 7 at this point, but another person at a table said it had a "kick", thus my impression that its a 5.  It was a very "different" flavor, some might not like it, but I say give it a chance.Mac & Cheese - I don't eat it, but everyone else seemed to love it.Pot Pie - The pastry is puff pastry in an interesting latticework pattern floating on top of the chicken soup.  The chicken soup is amazing, the puff pastry is puff pastry (blandish).Sweet Potatoes - Interestingly served with lemon zest giving it a citrusy freshness that I disliked and everyone else really loved.  They put marshmallow cream on top and toasted it, which I now do on my own sweet potatoes, but I leave out the lemon zest.Brisket Hamburger - This was amazing, a very generous portion of brisket, a great tasting hamburger, good bun.  Really tasty.  I ate my leftovers cold the next day and was yummy.French Fries - Yummy thick cut french fries.  Not necessarily fancy, but seemed fresh (but none of the burnt starch problem like a lot of fresh fries, which I like.pork ribs of various types - nice amount of meat, smokey flavor, its pork, probably good.For dessert, we've had the pumpkin fried pies and had brownie bread budding.  My friend loved the brownie bread pudding, but IMO it was overly toasted, with a slightly burnt flavor.  My friend likes burnt brownies so whatever.So in the end, I didn't love the place as much as I do Lucilles.  Its not an apples & apples comparison, Pot Liquor doesn't have baked potatoes nor beef ribs, two of the most ordered things I get at Lucilles.  Pot Liquor made me go outside of my box for a lot of things, which is interesting and revitalizing.  My friends might want to go a lot, they seemed to like the flavors more than I did.  I would like to experience beef ribs here, and I'd like to try the brownie bread pudding again to see if they intentionally make it that dark.
4	This place is great! Coming from the south where ribs are a staple, I can honestly say the dry rub ribs are awesome as are some of the sides such as kale and cashew slaw, green beans, and mac and cheese.  My favorite though is the pork belly and grits (to die for!  This dish is a must have and an all time fave of my family's and makes my mouth water just thinking about them.  My husband is an executive chef who has worked in three star Michelin restaurants and has a position at a highly prestigious restaurant on the strip....he agrees, the pork belly and grits are the bomb!  :)
4	Having traveled around the country and been a diner at several of the finest of Carolina, St. Louis, Kansas City, and Austin Barbecue spots - let me explain first of all that (as a Vegas resident I sadly say this) - Vegas will probably never "get" barbecue culture.  I wish it did.  However, Pot Liquor cares about many of the right things and is as passable for high quality barbecue as we probably will ever get 'round these parts.  Positives:1 - Service was exceptional, beginning to end.  Pleasant as pie, perfect amount of attention.  Maitre D to waitress to manager.  Perfect.2 - Really interesting menu.  And drink list.  This is a gourmet interpretation of barbecue.  There are some cool salads, apps.  3 - Great portion size, but probably too much for any one person to eat. Issues:Burnt ends:At least the way I have experienced them, were not quite that burnt, and not quite end pieces.  These seemed like more of a pork belly cooked a fair amount.Overall selection:They feature specialties from so many parts of the barbecue belt (Carolina pulled pork, Ribs Texas style and memphis style, etc).  I think they need to perfect one technique and go with it.Overall - the best Vegas has so I'm not complaining!
1	Went here for lunch expected amazing food however recieved mediocer food and our service was aweful. She started off well and never followed through. I don't recommend it unless service improves.
5	Excellent southern BBQ. Large portions. Staff is very friendly and attentive. Dry rub on the spare rubs is very good. Excellent selection of whiskeys. If you're not sure which one to try ask and they will give you a recommendation.
1	Unfortunately everything that my husband and I ordered was unsatisfactory. The burnt ends were extremely dry, and the crab cakes and chili were terribly bland. On a brighter note, the sweet tea was delicious.
5	This place is amazing! It was just noted in the Review Journal as one of the top 10 restaurants in Las Vegas, and deservedly so. We stopped in for happy hour and ordered a bigger meal and split it. All of the meat was tender, juicy, and amazing, our green beans were fantastic and the mac and cheese was one of the best I've ever had. I can't wait to go back and try some of their appetizers. The restaurant itself is gorgeous and our bartender, Beth, was fantastic. The horseradish dipping sauce was my absolute favorite! I call this Gourmet BBQ, and damn is it good.
5	Treated myself to Baby Back ribs, corn meal muffins, corn succotash & green beans. The ribs were so tender & meaty I couldn't eat them all. What a surprise change to other local BBQ joints. If you want to take BBQ to the next level this is a must try! Thanks Francis for the friendly atmosphere. I'll be back soon!
4	To start off, I am a Kansas City born young man. I travel the US for a living, so my BBQ experiences are MANY!!!! We checked out this place on X-Mas Eve. Although the restaurant was slow, the food was explosive.Appetizer: Pork Belly and Grits----- Yummy!!!! Belly was cooked perfectly. It had a sweet tasting char on the outside and it melted in your mouth. Speaking of melting......those grits, with the butter and the cheese...... MORE PLEASE!!!Entrees: Smoked Chicken, Brisket, and BB Ribs------ Mom said chicken was good, nothing spectacular. Brisket was good, but a little on the dry side. The ribs, I was in heaven!!!! Probably in the Top 5 places for ribs I've ever had. They were great.Sides---- Green Beans, Mac and Cheese, Corn Succotash, Corn Bread. All were good!!!Service------ It was pretty good. The waiter didn't hover over us, and let us enjoy our meal.We'll go back for sure!!!
3	IT'S OK and OVERPRICED for BBQ. The service is slow for it not being busy. BBQ is really sweet and the food is average.
2	Took family here for Christmas Dinner. Made reservation so wait wasn't too bad.Place appeared to be packed. When seated noticed numerous empty tables even though there were numerous parties waiting to be seated. Turns out they were way under staffed. Only three waiters working. Dinner took over an hour to be served.The food was mediocre at best. Beef Brisket was fair, Lucille's is ten times better.Short Ribs tasted like they dumped the salt shaker on them. Burnt Ends Appitizer was grisly and chewy. None of the dishes served were much to brag about. I predict it will be one of those Resturants that after a short while and the hype is over it will be gone. There are a whole lot of better bar-b-que resturantsin Las Vegas.
3	I really appreciate the uniqueness of the food here. I also really like that they are using locally made foods from Nevada Brining Company. I can't say that it's the best I've ever tasted but I thoroughly enjoyed it. My husband wasn't overly impressed but our son was pleased. I look forward to revisiting again and watching this place get up and really going - possibly working up to a 5-star rating.
4	Took my mom here since she was in town for Christmas from Louisiana (also my home state). We have a lot of BBQ places back home so walking into Pot Liquor, our standards were going to be high.Luckily for us it was Customer Appreciation Day at Pot Liquor. That gave us 25% off our meal. We lucked out since our meal ended up being about $30 for both of us.My mom ordered a half rack of the "mopped" ribs with collard greens and the kale and cashew slaw. She said that the collard greens were sweet and not to her taste. She is used to more savory collard greens in Louisiana... usually cooked with smoked ham so I guess she wasn't prepared for them to be sweet. The only recommendation would be that they carry the tobasco peppers in a jar on the tables. This is a common condiment served with collard greens in the South.She loved the slaw and commented that the ribs were some of the best she had ever had. They were very flavorful and tender. I also ordered the ribs and they were awesome! The fries came with "Alabama White Sauce"--which seemed to be a vinegary mayo based sauce. I usually opt for ketchup with fries but I didn't need it since the white sauce was so good. I also had the mac & cheese which I personally liked. Keep in mind that it's homemade style and not like the crap in the blue box. TIP: mix it up well before you dive into it so the cheese gets mixed all around.Overall, it was a great experience. The service was excellent. When our server, Paul, was busy, the manager on duty had no problem stepping in and refilling our drinks.The restaurant is very clean, spacious and beautifully designed. I will definitely be back.
5	I went here for a quick bite to eat for lunch and sat at the bar. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich and had a beer recommended by the bartender. I won on both accounts. I told him I wanted a light beer with no hops and he knocked it out of the park. Too bad I cannot remember what it was actually called. Grrrr. The food was superb. I hate really dry pork and this was on point. I love spicy sauce and he had the kitchen cook up something special for me since they don't really have anything spicy on their menu. It can get pricey I am sure but honestly I thought it was great for what I paid for and I would recommend it to any BBQ fans!
5	Best BBQ I have ever had-terrific spare ribs, brisket and absolutely loved the baby back ribs-go hungry because portions are huge.
2	I thought that Lucille's BBQ in Las Vegas is much better.  Pot Liquor has big portions and big prices.  I had the Spare Ribs, which were good, but nothing amazing.  I thought that the portion was way too big for lunch and wish that they had some lunch optionsThe service was "OK."  It was a typical "What do you recommend?" "Oh, everything is good" service. If you come to Pot Liquor, just don't come with high expectations.
4	Got the recommendation from a friend at work. When we got there it was just before 3pm. My wife Lori and I decided to come on a Tuesday because of the 25% off the entire menu and drinks. There was hardly any one there. We were promptly seated and our server Dave came over, he was very cordial and helpful with suggestions.  Before coming there we checked out the menu online and we thought we had a plan on what we were ordering. We both ordered the Pork Belly over grits.  This was one of those dishes that you continually make that mmmmm sound while you're eating. We also ordered the deviled eggs which were good also. I ordered the skirt steak over ox tail ragu and Lori stayed from the plan and ordered the Spare Me Baby, which were baby backs, dry rubbed and mopped  spare ribs, that comes with two sides she got the mac and cheese and the fries with Alabama white sauce. When the food came out we were floored at the portion size!  Everything was tasty. My steak was ordered med rare, it was a little tough but manageable. It was served over hoppin johns which were really good. Lori could only eat one baby back and one of the dry rubbed ribs. Needless to say our eyes were bigger than our stomachs, we were so stuffed and we didn't finish it all. Dave came by smiling and offered to pack it all up for us. Overall the meal was great and we plan to visit again and try some other things on the menu. We also tried one of the lemonades too I had the sidecar and Lori had the cucumber one. They were also very good. I highly recommend this place, just make sure you are hungry because the portion sizes are huge and you will be stuffed when you leave.
5	I give this place a hands down 5 star! I'm not so much as a BBQ fan because i always think BBQ places are always the same but this place beats Lucille's BBQ & Famous Dave's.  You receive good quality food for a reasonable price! From the point when you walk through the door til' you leave was great experience! Hostess was very friendly to the service was on point to the food was awesome!!  I will definitely come here again!!!
5	The food was great all the way around. Started with the pork belly & grits appetizer,  then the baby back ribs and skirt stake over ox tail ragu, and finished with the brownie bread pudding. All were fantastic. Our waiter, Wes, was very friendly and offered a lot of great  suggestions, including drinks. We took his advice on everything and it was all wonderful. We'll be back and glad they are in Town Square.
4	I had seen this place walking thru Town Square quite a few times, so some co-workers and I decided to try it on a Tuesday because of the 25% off the entire menu and drinks. The restaurant was pretty quiet when we arrived and we were promptly seated. Our server was very prompt in taking care of us and very helpful with suggestions. My co-workers and I started with a cocktail, I had the Raspberry Tart which was very tasty! We then ordered the burnt ends appetizer to start, and we then decided to order a variety of items to share so that we could try a lil bit of everything..... we had the Carolina Pulled Pork Sandwich, the Texas Dip, and an order of the Macaroni and Cheese. Everything was great- but OMG the Macaroni and Cheese was sooooooo yummy! Definitely a must try! I would highly recommend Pot Liquor! Great food! Great atmosphere! Great service!
5	I rarely write reviews, but this is definitely worthy of my time. The girlfriend and I dropped in before our movie, that we inevitably didn't end up going to because of our food coma. We started with the Old Fashion for me and Cloud 9 for her from the cocktail list. Both drinks were great, Christian is a top notch bartender who knows what he's doing. Guys or gals should try the Cloud 9 it's the most popular drink there. For dinner we ordered the combination platter, Lord Have Mercy. It was amazing, you just don't find BBQ like that around here. It was more than enough for two, probably perfect for three or four light eaters. The spare ribs deserve their own shout out, you can tell good meat when you enjoy it  more without any sauce. Thanks to Doug, the chef, for dropping by, he has really done an amazing job. Everything was great. I highly recommend this spot, best of Vegas 2015! And don't forget the mac'n cheese.
5	Great addition to Town Square!  Great food, great atmosphere.  Most of all great ribs!  Highly recommended.  I hope they build one in Downtown Summerlin as well.
5	Pot Liquor in Town Square Las Vegas... What an accidental GEM! Service (Christian/bartender), atmosphere, FOOD.. Outstanding! Everything, I mean everything was delicious. Best "Hot-Toddy"... We ordered Deviled Eggs (crispy chicken skin sprinkled on top-YUM!), then Baked Blue Crab (full of Real Blue Crab!!... I know that's a crazy concept however, usually most restaurants fill it with mayo and fillers-not here). Then I ordered the Cashew Kale side (okay, my only 3-4 star..) it needed more Kale, don't be afraid Pot Liquor... Kale is great!  Finally, my best dish I thought- Fried Green Tomato Salad. It was the best salad ever. I hate when dining establishments drown your salad with dressing! We order a salad because we actually like our vegetables!! Geez, let us taste them. Pot Liquor had just enough Lemon Caper Olive Oil Dressing to enhance the flavor and allow the true flavors of ham, red onion, goat cheese and those beautiful Green Tomatoes that were battered in something CLEARLY amazing-now I have a run-on sentence! It was that good! Christian our bartender made it a great experience. Happy Guest-Happy Life!
4	A great place to eat, drink and make merry with friends.  We have made it a regular and always enjoy the food and especially the staff!  Make sure you go!
5	Pretty happy with my first meal of the year in 2015. The family and I decided to hit up the new Town Square BBQ joint called Pot Liquor. I was thrilled when there wasn't a huge crowd for the holiday. It smelled delicious upon entry, and my expectations were pretty high. There was a beautiful chandelier made from musical instruments that was a perfect decor for the atmosphere they were going for. Jazzy, blues, Bbq, bar yet family style type of place. The staff was friendly, and seemed to already have regular customers as they recognized numerous guests. My family ordered three appetizers; pork rinds, deviled eggs, and burnt ends. The deviled eggs came with a chicken skin crisp crumble over the top and added a spectacular crunch. The pork rinds were basic but good. And the burnt ends were the first thing gone on the table. We were also presented a sauce sampler with four different styles of sauce to pair with your meat. The first, a sweet classic barbeque sauce. The second was similar to the first, but more spicy than sweet. I would have preferred more spice actually. The third was a cider vinegar they suggest you try with pork. I enjoyed it, the vinegar was not too overwhelming. And then my personal favorite, the white sauce. They describe this as, mayo, horseradish, and seasonings. Don't pass up on the random white sauce, its freakin' great! For our entree we went with a Lord Have Mercy platter. The waitress insisted that with all this meat, between the four of us, we would most likely have leftovers. (Note: myself, my bf, our kids ages 17 & 12) The entree included:  1/2 smoked chicken, 6 baby back ribs, 6 dry rubbed spareribs, Carolina pulled pork, 4 Louisiana hot links and three sides. Let's just say, we were stuffed, yet our waitress was indeed impressed. Everything had a real smoked flavor. No shortcuts used with this BBQ. I also got an order of the breakfast brisket hash, because for $20 it came with unlimited Bloody Mary's, so that was a deal in itself! This is usually a weekend brunch special, but they were offering it because of the holiday. The bloody was great, I had 3 of them, and was feeling it towards the end. Don't ask me how we ate dessert, but we did. I felt like a family of food critics trying everything on the menu, the kids did great. We had the deep fried banana split (huge and awesome) and the strawberry shortcake sandwiches. Just get those, don't even ask, just do it. During our meal, the general manager Francis stopped by our table to ensure satisfaction. Although he was a Cowboys fan, we set aside our football differences and he gave us a coupon for 10% off, that we were able to use that day. The waitress even let us keep the coupon, which is cool because we totally will be returning to this place.
1	This BBQ was not good, dry and no flavor. The  pot liquor greens were sour (I've had pot liquor greens when I went to Atlanta, never tasted any as bad as these were). The Mac cheese make a pretty picture and when your going in your thinking, "these are going to be good", not. The candied yams, yuck on that and just makes a pretty picture. The price for the BBQ is too high for lousy food. The hot links were horrible too, not hot at all. I don't see them lasting long unless they get someone in that kitchen who can cook good pot liquor greens, Mac n cheese and candied yams. Anyone raving about this haven't had better. I just can't recommend it.  Service was nice but that is not enough to spend my hard earned money on it again.
4	You know, I'm a fan. I think it's way overpriced, but I liked it! Ambiance: 4 - It looks really classy when you're standing outside, staring into the huge glass windows jealously at the people eating inside..but when you're actually inside, it's pretty casual. And it feels like an interesting cross between a modern saloon and a speakeasy. It's really warm inside and inviting, so I really liked that! Service: 5 - Don't know about everyone else, but my service was fantastic. Before I could even ask, our server pointed to us what the best meals were and specific favorites of customers in all aspects of the menu--food and drinks. He was crazy nice and always came to check on us and pour us another glass..of water ;) Food: 3/4 - You know, I'm not usually a fan of American BBQ, but I thought it was pretty good. Overpriced, but yummy. I ordered the half Smoked Chicken with the sides: Kale and Cashew Slaw and Collared Greens. The sides didn't really stand out that much and weren't that great, but the chicken was really good. It was really soft and tender and delicious. I was really surprised. There was this dipping sauce that was BBQ flavored..so good. For drinks, I ordered the Hog's Nog, and it was okay, but it wasn't amazing.Because the chicken was good, I would love to come back for more food, so I'll see you again, Pot Liquor, don't worry.
3	Great menu options. Service was hit & miss. Atmosphere lacked a little bit of energy. Food was good. Grits & Pork Belly was my favorite . Quality of food was even better. Pricey for BBQ. Once management figures it out will be a great place.
2	I've been there twice.The first time, the food was good and the service was great.The second time, the food was just OK, their best dish (pork belly & grits) was not available and the service was poor.
5	My wife and I were walking around town square when a young lady stopped us as we were browsing the menu outside. She said it was happy hour which ment 25% off everything. We decide to stop and eat. I ordered the rib combo with greens and corn bread. The wide ordered the braised beef.Everything was delicious and the servings were huge! We order a pie in a jar fit dessert. Omg! The best thing ever!The service was great, as was the food. We will def.be back.
5	It doesn't get any better than this for BBQ in Vegas.  We got three appetizers; the Pork Belly with Grits, Deviled Eggs, and the Burnt Ends.  All very good, but the Pork Belly was over the top delicious.  My husband and I split a full rack of dry rubbed Spareribs which were very meaty, juicy and tender.  The rub was excellent.  We were only able to eat four out of the 13 ribs but the leftovers were great for noshing on the next few days at home.   The mac and cheese, and the collard greens were very good.  Glad we chose those.  Our server, Pauly, was so enthusiastic about the menu and the food we couldn't help but love him.  Looking forward to going back next week.
