1	I placed an order through Amazon on Saturday (Oct. 4) evening that was supposed to arrive on Tuesday (Oct. 7) of this week. My shipping notification from Amazon said it would arrive on Monday (Oct. 6). The Lasership website tracker said this pack was ON the truck on Monday and scheduled to be delivered by 8:00pm... it never showed up. The transit status was not updated when the package supposedly made it back to your facility that evening and the following day around 3:00pm, the status was updated to "Lost". I found this out around 6:00pm, no one bothered to inform me that I would not be getting my package because after a day of riding around on a delivery truck, it just disappeared.I spent over half an hour on hold with Lasership that evening before I got to speak with a real person. The service rep. (Isaiah, I believe) was very helpful and made sure to contact Amazon and transfer me to them so that I could get a replacement order underway... That order arrived at Lasership's facility yesterday (Wednesday at 5:26am) and was scheduled for delivery by 8:00pm that night. According to the tracking status it STILL has not left the facility today (Thursday Oct. 9) and when I called customer service again, they were unable to assure me that the package was even out on a truck, but they knew it was not in the facility.I'm just blown away that your business could lose a $500 package the day after it was sent out to be delivered, and THEN have no idea where the replacement package is. This is no way to run a business and I am extremely aggravated with the lack of information I've been able to get on why the first one was lost when it was literally in the possession of one of your employees on the truck the entire time... and then the replacement is seemingly lost at the moment too. I wish Amazon would give you an option of who delivers their goods so I could make sure I never have to worry about Lasership losing another order of mine again.
5	Excellent customer service. I placed an order on Amazon and mistakenly sent it to my former address. I called Laserships customer support to reroute my shipment and they took care of everything. I received my package two days later. The call took less than a minute. I will use them in the future. Five stars.
1	Worst customer service ever! They just don't answer the phone at all. My package was to be delivered 10 days ago! They are the WORST!!!!
