4	I thought El Torito would be too fancy for me, seeing as how it is on Scottsdale road amidst all of the resorts, but it was surprisingly good and inexpensive.  If you order guacamole they make it fresh at your table and it is delicious.  They have a wide variety of food and great house margaritas.
3	My husband I were starving and needed to eat asap so we pulled into El Torito since it looked as if it was going to be the only place in Scottsdale on a Friday where we didn't need reservations.   Its more traditional than what you find in Boston but certainly not "authentic" nor amazing - more "generic".  It was good for sure, but good like Chilis or TGIFridays is good - good for a decent, consistent, casual meal.
2	Yeah sure they make fresh quacamole at your table, but it's not very good. Same goes for the rest of the food. I've had better food at the roadside in Rocky Point. Their margaritas are flavorless and weak. The chips are bland and dry and their salsa is very American. The food is edible, but I don't think this place can qualify as mexican.I don't eat beans, so I can't comment on the quality of theirs - they looked disgusting though (like all beans do). I had some soft tacos - it came as 3 tiny tacos with some flavorless bits of steak and cheese inside. The plate was covered in a mountain of rice and junk. Meh. I had 3 margaritas and couldn't even draw a buzz.I'm surprised this place stays in business. Macayo's and Z Tejas and other chains are much better and they shouldn't be. I don't eat fast food anymore, but I'd seriously rather eat Taco Bell. The people I ate with seemed to enjoy their meal, but they aren't very picky.
5	I love the at-table guac. I don't care for cilantro, our server was happy to accomodate. The tortilla soup and guacamole is plenty as lunch!
4	Sunday Brunch Here is Awesome!Mariachis, cool outdoor atmosphere with delicious breakfast and lunch offerings. Free champagne included with the all-you-can-eat brunch. Brunch ends at 2pm (I think).
4	Went for the table side guacamole and the Margarita of the month (pomegranate).  Rather than my usual chicken fajitas I decided to try the veggie fajitas.  I saved some of table side guacamole with the bigger chunks and ordered a side of sour cream.  I liked about half of the veggies when they were nice and hot but left some of the bigger chunks of whatever the root vegetable was.  I still had to order some extra tortillas to finish the remainder.Beats me why four little tortillas come with the meal and more are usually needed to avoid spilling veggies all over the plate and this time my jeans with the sour cream.  Oh well, no one saw that one coming so exited to the WC upon leaving.
4	In the past I have oscillated between a "chicken tostada" and "chicken fajitas".  One time desiring a chicken salad with guacamole and another time pipping hot chicken and fixings to stuff in the tiny tortillas. Not exactly thinking out of the box but for the first time I spotted the table side "chicken fajita salad".  The decision combines my preferred ingredients with presumably  fewer calories - hot chicken and tossed salad with a mild dressing.  Good choice I must say plus the "necessary" Dos XX lager & water...
2	Chips and salsa are fine, but I've had better.I often forget that their cheese quesadillas have green chiles, which turn me off.  The service can be a bit slow, however I think it's because they don't have a lot of help.  I'll give them credit for the Happy Hour specials and the quiet atmosphere.  But that's about it.
2	Not as bad as Chevy's, but this generic chain is just OK as far as food and atmoshpere. Bland and boring, OK for drinks and meeting people after work, but I would not go out of my way to eat here.
3	Not my fave place but pretty good. They have a great Sunday Brunch Buffet  in which they have everything from fresh Menudo, to Carne Con Chile, Cheese Enchiladas and much more. They also serve complimentary Champagne and for a small extra charge you can order OJ and have some Mimosas. It's a great location to grab some food on the way into Old Town
5	Champagne brunch at El Torito is amazing. Great buffet and all you can drink champagne for $15. Not authentic mexican food but, it's tasty!
3	Had some work colleagues ask to meet here today. Was pretty bummed with other interesting places nearby like Humble Pie & even Houston's.Looking at the menu, it is just so chain uninspiring. Nothing super authentic, nothing fun. My biggest problem was the menu itself. Just pretty boring.Ended up getting a shredded beef burro which was ok.  I did think the chips & salsa were decent.I will say though that our server was awesome. He was as on the ball as I've ever seen.  Didn't have a ton of personality & wasn't super friendly but he was efficient & rocked it.  If it wasn't for him, I'd definitely have gone 2 stars as "meh" totally hits the mark for me.Just feels like such a wasted opportunity when you have a meal out & end up using it on an uninspired, playing-it-safe chain.
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!Long overdue in writing a review for this restaurant.Great for groups, couples, singles, families.........Yes, it is a chain restaurant, but it is so much more than that.I have been a patron of this establishment for 10 years and have never had bad service or a bad meal. I always leave pleasantly stuffed and happy.  Norm, the bartender is awesome and keeps you well stocked with the excellent chips and salsa. He makes a mean margarita as well!  He has been there for a very long time (12yrs I think) and is just a great guy and is always smiling!I moved away from AZ for a year and missed El Torito so much! It was the first place I went out to eat when I moved back! The Combo # 3 is my fav. The Tamales are great and that sweet corn cake, mmmm....what can I say?  The prices are very reasonable compared to other stupidly OVERpriced restaurants nearby. I have spent hundreds of dollars on trendier (whatever..LAME!) places  in Scottsdale  and have been very disappointed. I am always pleased when I leave El Torito. ( And I can be a tough cookie) Everyone working here always has a smile on their face and are genuinely nice( which is not a typical SNOBBSDALE attribute) So, if you are visiting the Scottsdale/Phoenix  area, or if you are a local, stop in, see Norm, have some great chips and salsa  and enjoy excellent customer service.  HAPPY HOUR in the Catina(bar) M-F  4-8pm,  great drink specials and deals on appetizers . AND  they have 1$ tacos on Tuesdays (in Cantina) and PENNY specials on Thursdays 4- close    (purchase any enchilada entree and keep the enchilada coming for just a penny or purchase Any entree and receive a side soup or salad or sweet corn cake for just a penny! 2$ off cadillac margaritas also on Thursday)   SAVE EL TORITO!!!!!!  I swear , if we had the money we would buy the place and save it from Corporate, Trendy ,Stupid Development. Really, do we need another trendy(ultra over priced) restaurant, boutique or store for that matter?  SAVE EL TORITO !!!!!!
2	A friend picked this place when we were visiting from out of town. The parking lot is pretty torn up and we actually were afraid it might not be open at first. The place is HUGE, but pretty much empty when we got there. They sat us at a table, but the waiter seemed pretty annoyed when we wanted to wait for the rest of our party to arrive before ordering drinks.  They wanted to rush our dinner order also which I don't understand considering how empty it was and the more laid back vibe I had been told to expect in comparison to NY. I might have ordered appetizers had I been given enough time to decide.I got a combo plate that had a cheese enchilada & chile releno. The sauce had a bit of a skin on it, but everything tasted OK for fast food Mexican standards. The corn tamale filling that they give a tiny scoop of is honestly the best thing on the plate. The rice was overcooked and hard. My husband had the same but added a beef taco that was just as unmemorable. One of our dining companions had a veggie fajita that turned out to be mostly potatoes and that seemed to be the most diet friendly thing on the menu. Overall, the food was edible which is more than you can say for alot of chain Mexican places. I was just hoping for a bit better considering we were vacationing in the southwest.
4	Yes it is a chain, but in my experience it is predictably good Mexican food.  Had drinks and appetizer's with my woman here this afternoon.  Sat in the bar and saw some football while we ate and drank.She liked her margarita, and she is not easy to please.   Salsa was good.  Food was a B, but nothing wrong with that.Clean.  Friendly, prompt service.  Looks like it's thick adobe-like walls would be cooling in the summer heat.  A bit pricey for what we got, but that's Snotsdale for you.
5	absolute best salsa and chips in town.......the service is awesome as well!
5	I used to like this place and am sad to find out that it has closed. There is a sign on the door that says their lease expired January 24, 2010. It has been open for 25+ years at this location. Oh well, I happen to know there is an El Torito in Istambul, so I guess I'll just go there.
3	CLOSEDEl Torito has shut its doors.....it will soon be torn down to make way for a Walgreens.  Their happy hour will be missed.
5	I know this review is worthless but I've always had such a good time here. The champagne brunch and buffet is second to none when it comes to Sunday mornings. The champagne flows until you become obnoxious, inappropriate, and obliterated. Needless to say I have a new hatred for Walgreens. R.I.P. El Torrito on scottsdale rd. you will be missed by all.
5	We will miss you EL Torito !We had so many great times ...we celebrated new jobs, decided to quit jobs, had serious discussions, decided to move out of state, decided to move back..all in the cantina (w/ margaritas of course!)I felt so sad when I drove down Scottsdale Road and saw the construction equipment.***raise margarita glass*** here's to you EL Torito and the kind people who worked there..
5	How sad that it's closed!  We went here every time we come to AZ for vacation.  The food was great and the staff was totally awesome.  I will miss this place!!
