4	Ok so I narrowed down the two types of Rubio's for you guys.  The one's that grill your meal fresh as you order it and the one's that grab what they grilled hours ago and feed it to you.  This location was worth a squawk because my Baja Grilled Chicken Burrito was fresh made and always is every time I visit.  Its clean all the time, even during lunch rush.  I hate when you can find an available table in these places but not a clean one.   So among the many locations  out there this one won't leave you wanting 3 cups of liquid and a refund.  Enjoy!
3	This fast food Mexican is a step above taco bell or a Mexican food truck. The decore is clean, bright, and looks like a nice Mexican beach. The food is all pretty fresh, and because they are a franchise you get a consistent experience.
5	This is one of the fastest restaurants Ive ever been to.I have a short break, so I have to take my food to go. I never spend more than 10 mins inside this place. Theyre always nice, and its clean.You also cant go wrong w/ vanilla coke from the fountain.
4	I get the fish tacos everytime!!! Never disappointed and love the fast service!
4	Just went last night for taco Tuesday ($1.50 fish tacos).  Their fish tacos are way good - make sure you get the corn tortillas.  Until having them here, I've always wanted more out of them.  Too often, tacos are placed into two tortillas - because one by itself typically falls apart.  Not here, they're perfectly cooked - and chewy - so go corn all the way.  Don't forget to get a side order of the refried beans, they're awesome as well.
5	Our first visit to Rubios and we will definitely be back.Why 5 stars? If you read my other reviews you'll see I take the whole experience into consideration. So, while a casual restaurant certainly won't ( in most cases) compare to a gourmet venue, each deserves a score based upon reasonable expectations for that particular class of establishment.Their basic fish tacos rival or surpass those we've had at 'fine dining' locations. The fish was fresh, the batter crunchy, cabbage and toppings crisp and the corn tortillas a perfect complement to the batter... plus they didn't fall apart.We also tried the salmon taco and blackened Ono taco. The salmon taco was very good but the blackened Ono was exceptional!We also enjoyed the mashed pinto beans (not refried with lard) and nice selection of flavorful salsas.The service was friendly and fast and when we jokingly asked if there were any specials for first time customers the woman taking our order gave us free drinks... now that's someone who knows how to make a good first impression. When the same woman brought our order to the table she saw the sun was in my eyes and cheerfully offered to lower the sun shades. Wish I'd gotten her name to write a note to Rubios HQ.The place was CLEAN... all tables, salsa bar, drink area and restrooms.To sum up. Can this Rubios compare to a place like Capitol Grill? Absolutely not. But in it's class of establishment Rubios is a standout and deserves a 5 star rating.We'll be back often.
5	Great food, service and ambiance!
4	I don't always eat fish taco's but when I do I choose Rubios. Love their gourmet shrimp tacos with bacon, so delish! locations are clean & the salsa bar is plentiful. A little pricey but since the food is good I won't complain
5	The Rubio's Original Taco is amazing.  It has all of the flavor, freshness that a Fish Taco should have.  I enjoy it a lot.  A MUST eat at Rubio's.
5	The service here is always top notch and for awhile for like 3 yrs we were regulars there just because it was the place for us to get a quick dinner before my single mom's group.  It was nice that some of the people knew us by name and greeted us so well.  The food is delish and they are always kind.   Good food, good service, nice ambiance.
5	This Rubio's always has great service, even when super busy. Their food is always fresh and comes out very quickly.  Another plus, they have never messed up any of my orders! Great job!I recommend the gourmet shrimp tacos, they are worth the price!
1	Rubios food is always great, but this was the worst experience i've had.  This was the worst service and most disorganized Rubios i have ever been to.  Will never go back to this store.  30 mins waiting in store after call in order. Unacceptable.
1	Decent food, only thing memorable is how much of a douche Jo$h is from behind the counter. I didn't realize personalities could be that pretentious but after my second encounter I'm convinced otherwise. I'll be attending a different rubios going forward!
4	I tend to go to this particular place after work on Tuesdays as they have $1.50 fish taco deal. Their fish tacos are really good. Place is clean, curteous and efficient staff. Their salsas are the best among other fast food joints. Price-wise if you don't have any coupon or deals, Rubio's is a bit more expensive than fast food in general, but the quality and freshness make up for slight premium.
4	Very respectable mexican food for a chain!  The salsa bar is so good and the food is consistent in quality and very fresh.
4	Been to Rubio's a few times and the food is always good.  could be faster though. also, I hate the tables in there, they always feel sticky which is just sooooo gross to me.
5	For a chain middle class sit down but fast food restaurant, this is still one of the best. The location itself is my favorite. They never get an order wrong, never argue with customers, and always love to throw fund raisers. This place has been rocking it for at least four years now.
4	It's close to my work, they are pretty fast, food is always good.  For Mexican fast food, it hits the spot.  Love the fish tacos whether they are battered or blackened.  I always have my chips with the chipotle salsa.  Love that stuff!  For a quick meal at a chain it works for me!
5	We just love Rubio's.  The food always tastes great.  The salsa bar is excellent and my husband says I always get too much chipotle salsa and that Rubio's should charge me for using so much.  I'm glad they don't.My husband and I have had many inexpensive dates to this place and it's just a nice place to get relatively healthy food in the area where we live, shop and am around.  The people are always great, friendly.  The place is clean.And Naty is my favorite person there, though, I don't see her too often.  Every Rubio's we go to ALWAYS has great customer service and we are so glad.  We go to the one on Warner/Cooper, Power/Ray, Power/Baseline, Cooper/60, Guadalupe/McClintock, Ahwahtukee, Ray/Rural, and the one in the Tempe Marketplace area.  We love them all.  We're so glad we have so many Rubio's to choose from no matter where we are in the South East Valley.My favorite is the Blackened Alaskan Salmon Burrito, my husband loves the Classic Steak Tacos, my daughter, the original fish tacos, my son the Ancho Shrimp Burrito.  Gosh, I'm craving Rubio's as I write this.
4	I love the salads at Rubios. Low calorie delicious eats keep me coming back for more! The service was really great but the floors were a little dirty. Overall, I enjoy going to this restaurant.
4	Very good blackened tilapia tacos. The lobster taco was good as well but a little expensive.  We have been a couple of times now and it has been good both times. My son had their bean and cheese burrito from the kids menu and ate all of it. Also had good ice tea. I am weird about tea I know but I hate all the places that serve gold peak (nasty) tea. This place has great ice tea. It's fast food but it's fresh fast food.
