5	Lindsay was here First!It opened up yesterday!Review to come...Allright, after many requests, here it is.This new location of the much-loved Ice Tango is on the scene with a totally different look. They have expanded the flavor collection to encompass the original Twangy Tart, the new creamy tart (which apparently tastes like Pinkberry yogurt), a sorbet (desert pear I think) and a few other options. The fruit and various cereal toppings are out buffet-style and the customer is charged by weight.I was there when it first opened. Everything looked fresh. I can't say I tried every flavor, so I can't comment on Sarah G's comment that the Twangy Tart was not the same. I did try the desert pear sorbet which, while being tasty, was seriously lacking some alcohol. It was screaming for a margarita glass. Some time when I have a girls' night, I am going to get some of this sorbet and blend it back at home with some tequila. I swirled the coconut and pineapple flavors and topped it with strawberries and backberries. It was divine.The price right now is $0.36/oz, but David is working with that as to avoid sticker shock for his loyal clients who are used to the other pricing. It should be noted that this location does have crepes, custard, and shakes. Those are not self-serve.I like the serve-yourself idea because it opens up all new possibilities. You could go plain, mix everything in the store, or anywhere in between. It felt more homey than mojo, which I think has a very corporate feel to it.Congrats on the newest location. I'm sure good things are to come.
2	The Original Twangy Tart that made my heart go Buck Wild ............... Yeah, that was the Original Location also....... This new one, not so much as a pitter patter. They were having a Grand Opening special, all orders 50% off so that was cool. It's Very Small and you Serve Yourself now, too bad the fruit wasn't looking very fresh. The Twangy Tart was anything but. Seriously it just tasted like plain milk, no twang. The Creamy Blueberry, not so creamy but very tarty, almost in a pixie stix kinda away, actually that's exactly what it tasted like. Sadly I don't think I'd come here again given the other options I have for frozen yogurt. Sorry Ice Tango.
3	Finally made the pilgrimage to the new location after dinner at Eddie's House. Well I have to say, lackluster. While I like the concept of self service the space is WAY TO SMALL for this type of concept! We could barely manage in and out. Sad because there were only a handful of people in there. Also the a/c must have been broken because it was so hot in there was unbearable. While some of the flavors were good, coconut and creamy tart, the gelato was pretty bad. Tried the pistachio, should have known since it was coming from a soft serve machine. Tasted pasty and dull. * FAT ASSES LIKE ME BEWARE* the cups are huge so its easy to over fill a cup just to make it look right. We as Americans have a real disconnect when it comes to food portions, ends up being really overindulgence and gluttony. So watch out.I think Ill stick to the Hilton Village location where I can have a smaller size and feel good about the fewer flavors and toppings.
3	I stopped by on opening day to check out the whole tangy froyo thing. The lady behind the counter was really friendly and explained the whole concept to me and i tasted through some free samples before making my cup happen. The 'small' cup is ENORMOUS. it must be a solid pint, for real. My two favorites were the nutella soft ice cream (not fat free, and thus delicious) and the fat free coconut. I went for the coconut -pineapple swirl. I didn't like the pineapple at all. and while topping are fun, i'm really looking for the quality of the base product and have admit that this frozen yogurt was really icy and not creamy at all. i don't know. I'm glad I got it 50% off  but I probably wouldn't go back.
5	I have to say, Ice Tango holds a special place in my heart... Maybe it's because Ice Tango gave me my first taste of tart yogurt, or maybe it's because the employees are super friendly. Perhaps it's that the toppings always look fresh and appealing.  But I think the real reason is that Ice Tango fro yo is just delicious!  It's refreshing and fat free and I just can't get enough!I stopped into the new old town location today for the first time, and I loved it!  Jared does too!  I had the coconut flavor and it was love at first bite.  This location also offers a soft serve gelato and granita (sorbet like dessert) as well.  I'll be back for sure!
4	Maybe I'm not as much a fan of the self-serve concept afterall... I think I prefer a serving size as I request it - not my amateur serving getting way too big since the fro-yo comes out way too fast and I'm not used to it!  And then you have to pay for it... 38 cents an ounce adds up!I stopped back by and treated myself to some fro-yo last night.  I stayed awhile to do some work while I was there as well (since my power was out at home).  In listening to the other customers while I was there, it seemed like everyone was having similar experiences.  Regardless, it was good to see the place packed on a Tuesday night.  I guess I'm not the only Ice Tango lover in this town.So, just to clarify - I still love the product and the friendly service and the delicious toppings, but I think I'm safer financially and diet wise, heading to the the other location!
2	So what is the dealio with fro-tang?It's a question that keeps me up at night, pondering...pondering.I needed an answer, so when I got out of the office and went for a walkabout in Old Town for lunch a couple of days ago, my route took me past the fro-tang palace in Old Town, Ice Tango!I thought (as I made my fateful decision to walk in) "frozen yogurt...how difficult can this be?"Plenty difficult, as it turns out!I was greeted by the guy who lost on American Idol (apparently, maybe a dead ringer), as I walked in. He pointed to the 10 rows of soft serve machines and said "you can try any flavors you want" and indicated a stack of exquisitely tiny paper thimbles, in which I was supposed to put a small serving of fro-tang to try out.I had no idea what the fro-tang was going to taste like, so thought "good idea"...I could not have been more wrong.I approached the first soft serve udder, with a label that said something like "creamy tang-fro" and gave it a short pull.2 1/2 cups of creamy tang-fro cascaded over the sides of my thimble and onto my hands (desperately cupped to keep the yo-tang from hitting the floor and marking me as a non-pro tang-fro jockey).I didn't really get a taste as I dumped the thimble and the extra 2 lb's. of yo-fro in the trash bin.While unsuccessfully trying to clean my sticky hands with a wad of napkins, I decided on another approach.I walked by the 30 different soft serve machines looking at lables in a hopeless attempt to find my standby...vanilla...no go for vanilla fro-yo.I did find some sort of chocolate blend, but it was in one of the 6 or so soft serve udders that were not in working order (swirling, cold, but the udders just wouldn't  give:)I finally settled on Mangy Tango (or was it Tangy Mango?) and Coconut Something combo.I got a small cup and by now well aware of the awesome dispensing capabilities of these hard core soft servers, I pulled the lever on the combo udder for 1 second...1 second!My little cup was only 1/3 full:) Just right! I added a spoonful of strawberries to the concoction and took my prize to the counter to pay for it.Adam (probably not his real name) motioned that I should set my tangy treat on the scale...he was going to weigh it and I was going to pay $.38 per ounce for my sweet confection:) Good Deal! I didn't have that many oz's:)$4.27? Adam, do you want to weigh that again? Are you kidding? Who do you guys think you are...Sprinkles?I asked Adam how they hide the ballast in the cups. Adam looks at me like I'm not all that funny...but I am:)I would tell you that I have never had better fro-yo-tang, but I had never had any of the stuff before.The Mangy Tango part was OK, but the Oil-Can Coconut had a chemical taste and I tossed about $3.49 worth of tang-yo into the trash(:So, no bro, on the fro yo from the tango.
1	I jogged by Ice Tango today for 10th or 12th time in the past 3 weeks (well, I was headed over to the canal for my run, and while I was running as fast as I could, I'm pretty sure it looked like a gentle "jog" to the race fans up and down Scottsdale Road...but I digress:)I again saw the same sign on the door that has been there for at least 3 weeks since I first noticed it..."Closed today, will reopen tomorrow"...tomorrow has never come!I slowed my pace to a slow walk and looked into the dark, dank interior of Ice Tango...the machines are all dead...the counters have crap all over them...except where there's dust all over them...not even the glow from the from the cordless phone...it looks like the power is disconnected...I hope it wasn't something I said...
