4	Oh Coffee Bean, Coffee Bean... what would I do without you?I go here pretty much every morning to get my caffeine fix for the workday.  Love the friendly staff and the White Chocolate Dream (hot or ice blended).  With the leisure tourists, Venetian employees, and convention attendees all needing their caffeine fix, the staff manages everything smoothly and quick.  They're so popular that there are two Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf (Leaves?) in the Grand Canal Shoppes at The Venetian.
3	I usually love The Coffee Bean.Something's wrong with this one, though....  something's wrong with all the coffee inside the Venetian!!?!?!I love a good, strong cup of coffee but it's either the water at the Venetian, or a plot to drive me insane, but all the coffee in the Venetian Hotel drives me nuts.  But, it beats the room service coffee, and every morning. I had a cup of Joe from this place.For the coffee -  1 star.The way I had it brought to me every morning while in Vegas by a wonderfully  considerate hunk of a man  - - I throw in an additional 2 stars... hence, the 3-star rating.  :-)
2	Finally catching up on my work email here at The Venetian...5pm...After spending a sunny & hot afternoon schmoozing with colleagues in the pool garden, I decided to make a pit-stop at The Coffee Bean to grab a Chai Latte Light before heading back to my luxury suite (which, I swear, looks like a mini papal enclave).My experience with the Coffee Bean in LA has always been pretty decent...it's basically Starbucks without the "star," but cost the same "bucks." Anyway, this barista who was working the counter here at the Venetian's Coffee Bean screwed up my Chai Latte Light order twice...the taste was fairly pedestrian...and the store looks like it was hit by one of the Venetian's gondolas that ran aground. I should have known better and went to Bouchon Bakery for my afternoon jolt. Oh well, there is always tomorrow morning.I had to get this review off my chest. More Sin City reviews (of more illustrious places) after I'm back home to the glimmering verticality of NYC...and I've got plenty to say...
3	Great place to run through, get a coffee or tea... on your way out to enjoy a night on the town!
4	I was having major caffeine cravings on the way back to my hotel room and I ran into Coffee Bean.  Since it was so hot, I ordered a blended and they gave me exactly what I ordered: an Extreme Sugar Free Vanilla Blended.  I was in heaven!
4	The only coffee stand that is available right when you get out of the parking lot. I remember this place really well since i attended one of those conventions where i have to get up early every morning. Right after i park, and i walk in to the venetian and through the double doors, i immediately see COFFEE. There's always  line of people buying coffee. although the coffee is priced higher compared to most coffee shops, the quality and service provided is just superb. They don't hire these janky high school kids like starbucks. I highly recommend those frap-like Ice Drinks, they are soothing when you get out of those 100F weather.
4	There aren't a lot of Coffee Bean &amp; Tea Lea shops in NorCal we were excited to find one in the Venetian.After a night of clubbing and little sleep, tea/coffee was in order to start the day. What really sounded good was the Lemon Chamomile tea. I ordered, paid for it, then BAM! "Sorry, we're out". Ugh. I ended up with the Jasmine Dragon. Jasmine tea is always good. They double-cupped it because it was HOT!The pastry selection didn't look so good. It looked like it had been sitting there a while and came from a package somewhere.
2	When they are too busy flirting with the girls in the news stand next door to keep their regular coffee fresh, they fail.Only reason they don't get a 1 star is that my wife's drink was made okay. BUT, the regular bold blend was old and cold... Seriously, all you have to do is brew a fresh pot every half hour or so!
4	The blended coffee drinks were great - caffeine and sugar = great!  As well, the Iced Latte was really good, with a nice, strong espresso flavor.The service was adequate - which is why the 4 star only rating. Good location if you are staying at the Venetian!  We would often send someone out to pick up morning coffees to bring back to our rooms while we were waking up, etc!  Get someone to do this for you to tide you over until you make it out for breakfast / brunch!  And while you are there, you can buy a big bottle of water and some gatorade from the news-stand next door to help cure the hangovers!  ; )
4	Really...really good!! Got the white choc with coffee. Yumminess! Reminded me of my towns local coffee shop. Much better than starbucks that's for sure.
5	I like to get away from the Starbucks chain every now and than since I AM from Washington state. ;0D I really enjoyed my Iced White chocolate Mocha here! The customer service was good, very attentive, and a well made drink! No complaints from me!
5	MMM..The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf..My bf and I wandered around..because I needed to have my morning coffee we were in search for a Starbucks..( I am a Starbucks addict and wouldn't settle for anything less) anyways..we couldn't find anything or wasn't looking hard enough so we ended up at the Venetian..and there it was The Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf..I ordered a Iced Hazelnut Latte..it was orgasmic =D hahaha okay maybe I'm going a little overboard but Im sorry to say that I would have their hazelnut latte's over Starbucks anyday.. it was just heavenly..I hope that they open one in the bay area soon =)
4	Good basic coffee - not bitter like peets.
5	I actually had a perfectly made cappuccino here. But coffee houses inside  casinos are always hit or miss, so hopefully your barista is skilled enough to pull off your drink perfectly. Cheers!
4	I love The coffee Bean! Especially for those early morning shifts I work at The Grand Canal Shops. It's located right when you come in from the garage at the end of the walkway. Very good location, I always come here for any blizzard or iced coffee because i usually don't drink hot coffee. None the less it's right next to my store which saves me time when I'm on my break, great place your caffeine fix and for desserts too.
2	Wow, $5 for iced tea?  I don't care how big it is, it's water and tea leaves.  Come on now. I don't really understand how chains can break suit with airport and Vegas-like locations as far as pricing.
2	I love The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf but oh man! SO EXPENSIVE FOR A CAPPUCCINO HERE! $6 for a small cappuccino?...Now that's preposterous! Do yourself a favor and go explore a random coffee shop near you! There are many within The Venetian and elsewhere :)! Such as the Grand Lux Express or Buchon Bakery. Don't worry, change is good!
4	I'm soo happy that there's a Coffee Bean at the Venetian. In all the years that we come to Vegas and play, I did not know there was one until we ventured out of our room one morning.. Everyone in our group was excited.. Ok.. Maybe just me! BUT OMG, a Coffee Bean up the escalators or a nice bigger one around the corner!In the Bay, we have to drive all the way to SF for Coffee Bean. I love any of their coffee over ice, especially the White Chocolate. YUM!!! Or if it's cold, I love their seasonal special Cinnamon French Toast.It is definitely pricier because it's Vegas.. But I would probably pay any amount to get my hands on Coffee Bean!
3	There's two Coffee Beans when you're on the Venetian side- one in the food court and one by the parking lot/Sin City Brewery. I'm reviewing the one in the food court. I can't really say much. I've been here twice. Once I asked for a specific ice tea which is vanilla and apricot tea mixed together and while it's hot, please put 2 packets of brown sugar. It wasn't a blend, just vanilla, and no sweetener and was still warm without enough ice. Second time I got the "tea of the day" so it was a get out of the fridge and pour situation. The second visit the person was much friendlier than the first who didn't really care. A-OK rating for one good service day and one bad day. I can't vouch for their consistency.
2	WOW vegas....lets amp up the prices by like 50%! SOoooo expensive here. I got one drink and a pastry and it was pretty much $10. Usually like this place, regardless of their super sweeeet drinks. lol
4	Love the vanilla frozen drinks here.  The "good one" (sugar free for me) and the "bad" one (full fat w/whipped cream) for the boyfriend. We came back one morning for drip coffee/morning lattes and it was good too.  Service was fast.  There are two locations near each other so easy access at all times to good coffee.Wish there were more of these in my area (Bay Area) and that it wasn't just on trips down South and to Vegas where I can find them easily.
3	Miss coffee bean so much.... But after having one, I noticed I'm a Starbucks gal! Lol
5	I love my Coffee Bean. You can keep Starbucks! Thank goodness Venetian has a 24 hour Coffee Bean. When I needed a large bold coffee with a scoop of hazelnut I  got my fix at 5:30 am!! Coffee was nice and strong. Of course the price is much more than it would be at any Coffee Bean away from The Strip (not like rent is free in The Venetian), but it's worth it considering how much money I spend in Vegas anyway.
4	When you got to have coffee at the Venetian, then better to come here than pay room service or even going to the bartender. This is the go to place.  Prepare to pay the premium (almost $4) for a large cup of coffee. That's more than I pay in Manhattan!
2	Tea Leaf... I think not.  Yes they have loose tea, but the staff have NO idea how old the stuff is, or how to prepare it properly.  Vegas may be the city of sin, but all that sinning doesn't include a good cuppa tea.
2	I know everything is more expensive in Vegas, but $8 for a $3 Odwalla protein shake?? I came here because I was broke from gambling and needed something to drink/breakfast. I was better off buying a meal some place else...I didn't order any coffee, but from what I observed, it took a while for the understaffed employees to make everybody's drink. I'm just going to assume it wasn't all that great especially for the premium prices because I'm still bitter about my drink. I only give it an extra star because it was still cheaper than a Redbull Vodka anywhere else.
4	Right downstairs.I am a Starbucks gal, so I pass on coffee here. But my b/f goes right down every morning for a coffee. Super convenient.
3	I'm usually a fan and lover of coffee bean, but this one is way over priced for the same product. 2 dollars more than usual. The ice blended mochas are still great but the taste isn't as great for such a bourgeoise price.
3	This has got to be the slowest service I have ever received. Our drinks were made correctly but I waited more than 10 minutes for 2 simple drinks. I work at a Coffee Bean and I know the customer service and drink speed should be a lot better than it is here.
