5	I'm just reviewing for brunch, as I haven't eaten dinner there yet. Both times, I had a variation of eggs Benny, including one with smoked salmon.  This was the BEST hollandaise sauce ever on eggs benny.  It was whipped to perfection and super light and fluffy. After my brunch,  I had to have a creamy desert which was quite good as well. The coffee was great with a bottomless cup. The price is not cheap but it's not crazy expensive.  The owners are super nice and you can tell they are dedicated to their work.  Can't wait to go there for dinner!
5	Fantastic find. I had the eggs Benedict for brunch, very good. The chorizo was delicious. I will have to go back soon for tapas.
4	A nice place for brunch at Verdun, the owner is very friendly, make you feel at home, Spanish style food is quite delicious, small place but warm, must try !
5	Delicious brunch. Great service. The owners are such amazing people. So friendly. I'm definitely going back!!!
5	I should probably go to this restaurant for something other than brunch, because if their evening stuff is as good as their brunch menu, then I am missing out.The owners are super-friendly and nice. The Horseback is a lovely steak-and-eggs dish with a mushroomy sauce and hash browns. It makes it difficult to order anything else!After you sit down, you get some nice toasted bread and two types of jam, like apple and tomato. These are always worth trying even if they seem a little unconventional at first (I was skeptical about tomato, and I was WRONG), because they are always delicious.The owners like to chat with us about neighborhood stuff. They call themselves a "neighborhood bistro" and the owners seem very excited and happy about a lot of the changes that are happening in Verdun.They really only have one sweet brunch thing on the menu, the blueberry pancakes (they're fluffy pancakes, not thin crepes). I wasn't thrilled with them, but that doesn't really detract from my enjoyment of the place. There isn't a ton of vegetarian stuff, but they always make sure to tell you what the vegetarian option is when you sit down, so I thought that was nice.
5	You really should go to this place and see for yourself how amazing the food is. I have been on different occasions for both brunch and dinner and I loved what I had each time. The best brunch item so far (I have more to try) was the eggs Benedict with salmon and for dinner the paella. This place is just wonderful!
5	Good service, the waitress was telly me story and that was interesting. The terasse was perfect. Cozy environement. Don't buy the chorizo (too dry).
5	This is a wonderful bistro, the owners are extremely friendly and the food is great. I left the restaurant feeling as though I had just had dinner at a friends home. We were a group of four and we're able to try almost the entire tapas menu.Highlights include: the oysters, Spanish Caesar salad and stuffed mushrooms. For dessert you absolutely must have the natas, they are by far the best I've ever had. This little bistro is a real gem. I can only find two minor short comings the bread that they served was not the best and in my mind should have been served with Spanish olive oil and the presentation of the ketchup and mayo for the fries (they came in Heinz and Hellman's plastic bottles).
5	Brunch: impeccable classic Benedict eggs fluffy creamy hollandaise, smoked ham, and home made salty cookie, for 11.50$ what a great price for quality of ingredients. French toast was thick and served with home picked peaches, also great. Owners are super friendly and love cooking fresh and quality. Will try diner soon...
5	I went for dinner and it was great! My dinner companions and I all agreed that they served probably the most tender & delicious octopus we'd ever had. Get the octopus, for reals.
