4	I like Zia a lot, and I have to say this location to me is better than the one on Eastern. Went here today so the boyfriend could trade in some movies which actually did not take as long as it usually does, around 15-20 minutes. Not bad by Zia standards. When you need to trade in CD's or DVD's for cash or some new music or movies (or in my case, vegan cookbooks and weirdly-awesome ice trays) this is the place to go. If you are not a fan of waiting, ask how long the trades will take because sometimes it is a LONG time. Today was a good day as it did not take long. We did make one purchase that I found in the book section which was quick and easy with the Zia credit the boyfriend racked up. Wait times here are usually far less than the other store and the selection is about the same. It is a huge store that is great for browsing for kitchy items you never knew you needed until the moment you picked it up, and movies and music galore.
4	This place is like DVD heaven! You can find a bunch of DVD's for a cheap price, I just wish they could have $1.00 special one day. Well that's a great big wish. Sometimes you can find some of their DVD's for a price higher than it's originally supposed to be.  Or you may encounter not having the DVD within the store.  But all is G, since you can request for them to look at all their other ZIA locations and have them send that DVD to your nearest location.  Awesome, isn't it? I can never enter here without buying something in hand, and I really don't understand the point system.  But all is good in the hood, I always get what I want and at a small price too!
3	Wow - this place is big, with a ton of CDs, DVD, Blu-Ray, and vinyl new and used.Being a vinyl freak, I was there primarily for the round black stuff. There was plenty of it, and they have a large 15-foot two-side bin of new vinyl. However, I was searching for the old stuff, and while there was a lot of used wax, it was mostly common 70s-80s stuff and second-tier prog rock. I did find a few interesting titles (Johnny Burnette, Steppenwolf), they turned out to be either trashed or re-issues, so I left with no scores. I noted but did not check out about 10 feet of 45s stored at floor level.I think you'll find this store very satisfying if you're after CDs or new reissue vinyl, but if you're searching out the vintage PVC, you'll need to search elsewhere. They also have a nice selection of fanzines and selected rock books, which means you can get your fix without having to brave the strip mall around the B&N.
5	One of my favorite places to escape the fast paced ways of the city and find new awesome music.  My first stop is always the listening stations; they have about several. One suggests great indie albums, great cheap albums, employee picks, buzz worthy albums, and others I can't think of at the top of my head.  They also have a movie, magazine, poster, and t-shirt section.  Not to mention, a majority of their employees are way cool and always friendly.  Also, if you are unable to find what you're looking for, ask an employee if they can order it for you and they'll do just that --no fees or charges included.Be sure to get a Zia card and start racking up points. The more you accumulate the more you'll save.
5	What seems to be a precious commodity now-a-days, Zia Records is still keepin it real!  They are located in a plaza on Sahara across the street from TGI Fridays.Zia sells CDs, vinyl records, DVDs, blu-rays, t-shirts, posters, random trinkets, books, incense, etc.  Everything that you would expect to find in a CD store near a college is here.They even do CD exchange.  So how does it work?  Bring in whatever CDs, DVDs, etc. that you would like to sell/exchange.  Be ready to wait as they don't look over your CDs with you standing there.  We brought in a box of about 30 and it took an hour for them to price them as we went to dinner and came back.  Also, if you have unopened stuff make sure you give them the right to open them up as they won't take them otherwise.Then they tell you that you can get store credit or cash.  Store credit was about $20 more than what you would get with cash.  We weren't very successful with our CDs and I'm guessing that either they had a large inventory of the CDs or they were like "aw hell no!".  Whatever the case, we were happy to walk away with $32 in store credit.A couple things: They are open to midnight every night.  They stop doing CD exchanges around 11pm.If you love music, you'll love this throwback store!
5	How do you not love a place where you can find a guitar spatula, a zombie board game, a record player pizza cutter, and a rotating collection of every CD and DVD known to man?  I walk into this place to pick up a copy of 'Waiting' on DVD, and leave an hour later with wooden spoon drum sticks, a video game, a CD, a DVD (not 'Waiting'), and a slew of early Christmas presents for the people on Santa's naughty list.  Every time I've ever walked into this store, my experience has been something akin to this one.  Zia's is one of the most unique places, and yet it still takes me back to the downtown "we carry everything they don't" record store I grew up with outside of Vegas.  Their revolving collection of discs is much more welcoming than irritating.  They usually have whatever you're looking for, though they didn't have 'Waiting' when I went. I know its been there before and I'm sure it'll be there again, but with the unique collection of books, magnets, glasses, t-shirts, action figures, candies, and well, stuff, its doubtful you'll ever leave disappointed.
4	I don't know if there's much to be said about the only record shop around in terms of quality, but I suppose it's good enough as it doesn't make me angry with inflated prices and nothing but top 40. I still find gems and oddities and the vinyls aren't badly priced generally speaking. I used to also come in because they carry a bit of kidrobot and other vinyl toys and the selection has been a bit more sparse as of late. DVDs here are pretty good. Some of the 2 for $5 or $9 actually have some movies worth picking up. I prefer this location over the other Zia. A bit more quiet and more convenient location makes for bored browsing on afternoons I'm stopping at Rani's.
3	It's a record store. One of the only in Las Vegas. If I ever pair for media, I'l likely buy it here.
5	This is where I spend a majority of my paychecks each month after I paid for everything else. The fact that I can take in old movies, games, music, and vinyls and trade them in for store credit or cash is AWESOME! They're got a few bins where you can get multiple movies for $9. The prices start at $2 and go up. If you're a vinyl collector, PLEASE check this place out. I bought the Beatles VERY FIRST album in AMAZING condition for $.97! On top of the incredible prices, they're got INCREDIBLE staff. Sure, you've got a weird-o or 4, but everyone is so laid back and friendly. Absolutely love it in there!
5	I'm seriously in love with this place. I just found out about it last week and have been here twice buying movies since the deals and prices are fucking awesome. I reccomend any movie or music fan to go here for anything you need.
4	I'm from the Bay Area and there, they have so many records stores just like Zia. I was starting to really hate Las Vegas for not having records stores. Thanks to MP3 players,iPods etc. Those technologies took away the fun of this social activity like shopping for CD's, DVD's, books, magazines, novelty toys and gadgets all in one place. I rather go out and shop for these things than to get them online. Don't we stay at home enough already???!!! This is why I love Zia Records.  They're keeping it alive.  They have a wide selection of music, movies, shirts, books, and posters etc. etc.CD's and Movies are new and used, and you can trade in your old ones for cash or to trade in.  They also give you the service of ordering you a CD or Movie that's hard to find, and give you a courtesy call to let you know it arrived. So you can come pick up. That's why I love Zia Records.  It gives me a another reason to leave my house.....
5	Great place to come and browse or trade stuff in. As far as I know they accept CDs, records, DVDs, and games. Every time I come here I go through the movies and music. I always walk in not knowing what I will walk out with. Which is the best way to shop for me. About 99% of the time I come across an item I been waiting to have for a while but never get around to it, and with their prices I'm finally able to have my own hard copy. I used to be a avid music collector. Anything from cassettes, CDs, vinyls, posters, magazines, books, and flyer's. The only genre I was interested in was Metal and went after hard to find out of print releases. Death, Black, Thrash, Speed, Heavy, Doom I love a lot of it. So when I come across something that I recognize for $6.99 vs $20+ on eBay, it makes my day. I also prefer this location to the East side. For what I shop for it seems like there is more selection. They also have a membership program with some perks if you go frequently.
5	You can never go wrong here..whenever i want to get away from all the hype shit,girlfriend arguements,boredom, i come here and browse at my old school hip hop section..They have everything and every artist that you can think of from the 70's to now..I Love this place..Great Deals...Great Customer Service..Great selection of every genre of music and DVD's..This place deserves more than just 5 *****
5	Call me old-fashioned, but I believe in keeping hard copies of most of my music.  I love iTunes and Yahoo! Music, but CD's and vinyl are still important to me.Zia is where I go when I'm in Vegas and have enough funds left to stock up on CD's.  With record stores dropping like flies around us (The Warehouse, Sam Goody's), I hope Zia is here to stay.I love the incredibly large selection of cheap used CD's, I love that they have a complete section devoted to World Music, Electronic/Dance, Folk, Jazz, etc.  They even have a hefty section dedicated to DVDs to accommodate the musically-challenged.I wouldn't really change anything at Zia.  I love you with your impressive CD and DVD collections, your records, your dirty stickers, your weird toys, your eclectic book section, and slick hipsters searching for that German import.
5	AH, I remember the good old days of that one record store that was really popular...Tower Records! Too bad Tower Records is no longer, however, Zia Records keeps on thriving! This record store was a really good find. I really loved the decor and feel of this record store. It feel so old school and had old and new cds/records/movies and a lot of neat little gadgets, shirts, and candy.I really liked that when we finally managed to settle on what to buy the lady at the register asked us if we wanted a bag and when we said no, she gave us a token to place on a charity  box of our choice. She said it was because Zia Records is trying to be green and for every plastic bad they save, they give the money to charity, awesome!
4	Vinyl Records.  need I say anything more??  They have real, vinyl records.  Even if you don't know what they were or have a way to play them.  Just to flip thru and see the amazing artwork of our generation.  They also have a pretty cool staff that seem to know their stuff.  i enjoy finding those movies that went from TV to DVD... or just never made it to Netflix.  you know the ones you love to hate, but want to watch anyways!!  Amazing selection, very cheap prices and they always offer to open the case to make sure what is in there is right and in working condition.
5	I freaking love it here! Great prices, wide selection, they do trade, and offer a points card. I guess it's kind of a good thing I don't live closer, because I would probably just go broke from being there every day. People need to get off this digital crap and support their local record store!
5	Will satisfy all of your musical needs. Long live zia records \m/ HORNS UP \m/
5	I love this place! They have stuff you could never find! I found an album by TLC that no one else had. If I need a CD or a movie, no one else would have. Check here.
5	I grew up being dragged to all the records stores my father could find in the DC metro area in search of that elusive album so I consider myself to be highly knowledgeable on the subject of cool record shops.  I put this one in my top 5 and since they actually had the crazy obscure album I was looking for I may even move them into the top three. The store is laid out pretty nice but the organization is a bit off. The Album I was looking for wasn't in any of the genres I thought it should be  and after I gave up searching on my own I had found 4 other cds I didn't even know existed or wanted. I then decided to go ask for help and wouldn't you know it they had my elusive album in the Jazz section.  What Jerry Garcia was doing in Jazz I don't know but I was happy they had it I just looked and Wiki has them listed under bluegrass but my point being is if you can't find it They have everything on computer so don't give up and be brave enough to ask for help.They also had a huge selection of pre owned DVDs and most of the time these bins are full of junk you don't want to waste your time watching or your hard earned money on.  That day I spent another $50 on a lot of DVDs.  They have a huge t-shirt collection and while I'm passed my days of wearing my musical fondness on my clothing I was tempted to buy a couple and add to my t-shirt collection.  Top notch staff and great selection of music on both CD and vinyl; a must stop if you are a fan of any type of music!
5	My brother and i are in Vegas for the weekend.  First stop was Zia.  Very cool store with a nice vinyl selection.  We went for the vinyls, but we stayed for everything else.  Friendly staff, other customers were awesome too, and so many cds, dvds, and much more.  The haul my brother and i scored here prompted us to fedex our records home, rather than trust the airlines with the great stuff we found @  zia.  Highly recommended.
3	This is strictly for the selling feature of Zia Records.  I might be moving soon so I decided to pretty much eradicate my physical collections of music and movies which consisted of 100s upon 100s of CDs and roughly 100 DVDs.  Figured I'd take them down to Zia and take whatever I could get for them, otherwise they were going to goodwill or to any friends that wanted them.   This required several trips due to the sheer size of the collection I'd amassed (full disclosure, 90% of it was Girls Gone Wild DVDs.   j/k)1st trip: two huge boxes of CDs.   I didn't bother to sort through any of them before bringing them or ensure that they were actually present in the CD cases or not terribly mangled.  The girl working the counter (very tall, short hair) told me she could give me a ring when she was done going through them, so I went back to work (and grabbed some Rani's for lunch!  you should do the same).  I got a call a few hours later and she let me know she couldn't take several due to them not being in the case or not being in good enough shape, and she offered me $70 or so.  Honestly I was going to take WHATEVER I could get but I will say that I expected a little more considering how much was there and I knew I had some good stuff (Color Me Badd anyone?)  When I went back to collect the money, I was shocked when she handed me back what seemed like 75% of the CDs I originally brought in.   At this rate the $70 seemed like a good deal on my part because it seemed like I wasn't giving much up.  Downside:  I had no desire to take anything back.  I still have no idea what they ended up taking that earned me $70 that day, lots of the stuff I figured might be desirable like all the White Stripes, Radiohead, Jay-Z and Nas discographies were still in my box, and even some of the rarer underground hip hop stuff I thought might command decent money was also still there.  I'm now convinced I had one or two CDs that might have been worth $20 each or something.2nd visit:   Brought a big box of DVDs and another box of CDs, this time I'd made sure they were all in the cases though there were still several that I thought were mangled that I threw in there anyhow.  Different girl this time who did the same routine that she'd call me when they were ready.  She called me a few hours later and told me I could get $60.   I assumed I was going to walk in and collect another huge box full of rejects, but this time when I returned I only got 3 or 4 DVDs and CDs returned to me because they were still sealed (I have no idea why I ever bought the Cinderella Man Collector's Edition for $35 at Best Buy).   I repeat:  NO REJECTS and $60 vs, the first time 75% rejects and $70.   I was officially confused but I must admit I almost preferred this since I didn't have to bring anything back3rd visit:  Brought another huge box of DVDs and only DVDs, and honestly I thought this was primo stuff.  Seinfeld Seasons 1-5, Scarface collectors edition, Sin City and Fight Club collectors editions, and all in great shape.  This was the same girl from the first visit so I was prepared for massive rejection.   It did take quite a bit longer this time to go through them all, which was no big deal to me, and they ended up offering me $80 for 60 of the DVDs/sets.   I took it.  When I got the items back I was a little surprised at what was taken and what wasn't.   Why didnt they want Schindler's List Collector's Edition or Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind?   Why did they take Seinfeld 1-4 but not 5?  These are the types of questions that will keep me up at night.All in all, despite the fact that I got about $220 for over $5000 worth of CDs and DVDs, I was quite happy with the experience and it was about what I expected.   I certainly think the process is fair and I could have said no if I didn't think it was.  Sure I could have made a lot more taking them to ebay, but for the time savings, it was worth doing this.   The one thing that makes me go 3 on the stars is the inconsistency.  I find it impossible to believe that the CDs the 2nd visit went through the same rigorous screening process as they did the 1st, which I would think would be important for this sort of deal.I didn't do any shopping myself but if you're into physical copies of your music and movies and not a scumbag pirate like myself, this would probably be your heaven.  It sure would have been mine when I was in college (RIP Big B's).   For now my heaven will remain Rani's for that $7.99 Lunch Thali next door.  Now who wants some really scratched up Radiohead, Outkast and Sigur Ros CDs, or a CD case for Dr. Dre's The Chronic with no CD inside?
4	The best place to buy and trade music.
5	we need more places like zia in vegas. friendly workers, great selection. vinyls up the ying yang!!!!! you can find used cds for great prices, you can trade video games. they got cool memorabilia. ahhhhhh i love this place lol.
5	Love Zia!  And I love this location too - although I haven't been to this one in a while.  As the husband scoured the newly infused used blues section (they bought a large private collection apparently), I ran through the used rock and pop vinyl.  It would seem that 80s rock/metal and some later radio hits rule the roost primarily - nothing too exciting to me (but admittedly, I'm an obscure New Wave snob).  The book section has been fleshed out nicely - picked up a Captain Beefheart biography I can't wait to dig into. Sure, I could have window-shopped and bought it online at a discount but I truly believe in supporting independent stores and am totally willing to put my money where my mouth is. BUY INDIE!
5	Love this place. Worth the thirty min drive. I don't buy CDs but they have everything else I want. Hope this store stays open forever. Especially these days when everything is bought in iTunes.
4	This is my goto store for CD's and records; both used and new.  It's always fun coming in here to kill an hour or three combing through the selections.  The prices are reasonable and the customer service, well, it's a record store...don't go in expecting smiling happy faces and top notch service; it's not cool to be happy and helpful when you work in a record store.  It's a rare occasion that I go in here and not find what I'm looking for or find something that piques my interest.  I go in with the expectation of spending $ and end up spending $$$...that must mean they are doing something right.
5	I have found many difficult to locate CD's here. Also you can order complete seasons of TV shows old and new without the shipping costs of Amazon. The staff is always friendly and ready to help. Online shopping is more efficient, but it is nice to browse within a real store and actually touch the product I will potentially buy. Call me old fashioned.
5	This is my first review in a while, but I thought I should write about my experience here.After searching for things to do in Vegas that didn't require me destructively burn away $20 bills in the casinos, fill my gullet to the brim with buffets, or need to buy new pants after donating $1 bills to dancing saleswomen, I looked for local record stores. I was on a bit of a tight schedule, since I was going to be in town for only a few more hours. While I thought it would be nice to check Zia out, I didn't really think I'd make it until my next visit.My friends and I went to Egg & I for breakfast and guess what? Noticed that Zia Records was in the same plaza! I had to check it out, at least, you know, to confirm your guyses findings as well.My experience is primarily going to be based on what I've examined based on the vinyl selection. Lately, I've been one-track minded in hunting down vinyls, and while this is the case I noticed that Zia Records wasn't your one trick pony. They specialize in all sorts of media.After finding a VG+ copy of Abbey Lane for $6.99 (!!), and a few Oscar Peterson albums around sub-$5, I noticed the clearance section. $0.75 for two, or $1.50 for two?! I picked up a few good finds! Mind you, this is one of those places that I could spend hours digging through. After spending 45 minutes digging, I reluctantly walked over to the checkout counter to pay for my records. My friends were having a food coma, and were ready to head back to our suite.I was surprised at the value, and now that I'm home, I'm surprised that these used records aren't your average thrift-store beaters. These are pre-loved, pre-owned records looking for a new home. I took a bumper sticker along with me that read "Support Your Local Record Store." While I'm far from being a local in Las Vegas, I know where I'll visit when I'm in town.TL;DR - I'll be back when I'm in town. Thanks guys.
5	Yeah! This place kicks ass! Looking for a CD? Or just wanna browse. Come here man! You'll love it there
1	Rude and no one seems to want to help you. Your not that cool you work at a record store.
5	I heart Zia records. I love record stores in general. Zia records reminds me of memories past. A record store. Not a gimmacky Blockbuster Music or Tower Records. A legit record shop. Walking in you are greeted by the aroma of new wave incense, an employee who is tatted up and wearing some underground band you've never heard of. It feels like the 1990s.This place has great deals. You can buy records (yes, vinyl), CDs, DVDs, and books that are either BRAND NEW or USED. And when albums and such are used, you get them at a steal. You  can actually trade CDs and DVDs (and intermix or just take the cash). Y'all remember Spencer's Gifts, right? Well, Zia has all sorts of really awesome Spencers' stuff throughout the store. (Bacon airfreshners, Wonderwoman socks, PIMP CUP, a new lunch box; don't mind if I do!) I can spend hours here! I seriously think the staff doesn't mind the loitering either. I also love the looks I got when I asked when the new Miley album was dropping. (I like my Pop and my EDM!)Zia has a loyality card. Every penny you spend racks up to points where you can take half off of a DVD/CD/Book or half off your entire order. Something else, when you check out and they ask you if you want a bag, say no. They will greet you at the end of the counter and you get to put a token to vote for a local charity!Not only do you get to buy cool tunes, DVDs, nick-nacks, and the like, you get to leave doing something good for others!
5	I love Zia.  I love BOTH locations, although I've been frequenting the Sahara location more, as its closer to my house.Zia has a huge selection of cds, DVDs and Vinyl.  They have obscure things that you can't find in conventional stores, and they always have good deals. I have a Zia card, where I earn points towards money off a purchase.I've found so many awesome trinkets here...Sugarcubes cds (Bjork's band), LOTS of Tom Waits, tons of Fleetwood Mac, Doctor Who memorabilia (4th doctor "scarf" knee high socks, AND River Song's journal), a Blu-ray of "The Midnight Meat Train", a magazine called "Girls and Corpses"  (don't judge...I like ridiculous and obscure things.) plus a box set of VNV nation music.  I have yet to purchas a "grab bag" as they always seem to be out of the cd grab bags, and I (sadly) don't have a turntable set up yet for vinyl, but what a cool concept!  Just a random mix of cds/dvds and vinyl...They also have great deals and specials on DVDS.  i've always had excellent customer service.  I usually have to go to the counter, as I don't see many employees roaming the floor, but they always help me look for cds, and offer to call their other store if they don't have it...they even special order.  I love Zia.  In fact, i can't wait to go back, I have a few cds I want to order. ;)
5	I really like Zia Records and I have liked them for some time now. I had never been to this location before because I previously lived on the other side of town (closer to the Flamingo location). Zia offers many different things: CDs, DVDs, Blu Rays, Vinyl Records, Video Games and consoles, books, and many other cool items (great from gifts). The staff are always very helpful and the managers are excellent (at both locations). My husband and I have recently started building our vinyl record collection and have spent a good sum of money at Zia, when one of the new vinyl records we purchased had some serious issues. It skipped badly. So badly, in fact, that we couldn't even listen to it. I called their manager, told him my tail of woah, and he happily replaced it. He did tell me that they typically do not replace vinyl records because of their temperamental nature but he made a one time exception for us. Our day went from bad to great! Nothing makes me happier as a paying customer then when companies back their products. Kudos Zia! Thanks for always being a great experience for us.
2	I went to this location earlier today and was disappointed in this store. I didn't shop the whole store, because the place was very disorganized. The records weren't alphabetized correctly, and they weren't organized at all. There were a few records that I considered buying, but after seeing how bad this disorganized this place was, and how there were about four or five people hanging out behind the counter I decided to put my selections back. If you can't take the time to organize your records, or even know how to bin them correctly, then I have no time for you.
5	By far one of my favorite places to stop by and collect and find good movies the record selection is good and they sell plenty cool animation toys. If your ever near a store you must stop by and check out there video game section they have all the old school systems we group up with and love still to this day.
4	One of my favorite things to do when traveling is to check out any local record stores to see what kind of treasures I will find, so naturally, when I saw Zia Records on my way to my aunt's house, I had to stop.Zia was not quite what I was expecting -- I had anticipated more of a "proper" record store, whereas Zia had more of an FYE feel to it. As in, they were stocked to the brim with DVDs, Blu-Rays, CDs, kitschy knick-knacks, and of course, records back in the corner. If I hadn't been pressed for time, I would have perused more of the other sections outside of the records, but records were what I came for. They have a nice selection of both used and new records. Organization was not their forte, as the records were very loosely (and loosely is actually a little generous) organized by letter. This was not necessarily a bad thing since this disorganization lead me to finding a nice copy of Velvet Underground's White Light/White Heat in the A section, but it was a little annoying that I could not rely on some sort of organization to riffle through the records. All in all, it was a nice stop -- found some records to take back to Oklahoma City with me, and when I'm in Vegas next, I will definitely stop by again.
3	I love Zia. Some.of the best nostalgic movies are available there! Only reason for the 3 stars, is because of an incident that happened. I bought a used video game inside and instead of a video game inside, it was a DVD. I called the same night asking if they can give me a refund or give me the proper game that was supposed to be there. Manager said he can only give me store credit. Luckily when I went to the eastern location, the manager there got me the right game and fixed the situation for me.
4	This place, on the right days, can have some rad used items to pick up. I like to lurk around the movie sections in used record stores to find some cool stuff to check out. This place has a great selection of Blu-Ray, and my only complaint was the seemingly small collection of Criterion Collection movies. The used prices are sometimes up with the new copies, but it's alright. Stop by if you're looking to grab some cool used records or movies, and sign up for the Zia card. If you spend enough time shopping there, you can get some good deals.
4	Loads of selections and with the right amount of searching, you can find some treasures here. From books, to DVDs, vinyl, and posters - Zia has it all. Check it out.
5	Both locations are awesome. I like to switch it up from time to time and go to the one on Eastern. Honestly, Zia records is the best place you can go for all your music and movie fixes. I can't and will not buy CDs anywhere else. Staff is always awesome, and love music. Every time I go in there, they greet me and when I check out strike up conversations. Awesome environment and awesome collection of Music, Movies, Vinyls, Books, whatever you're looking for, Zia has it. As long as Zia is around, I'll be there.
5	I love both locations. This one is a little smaller. I've always been satisfied with my visits. I have every KOL album thanks to this Zia, some for as low as 2.99:)The cds are never scratchedI've never had a problem with a purchase or service. I've been a fan of this place for years. Check out their random little toys/giftsThey have stickers,mugs,t-shirts,bags.. the list goes on and most of it is humorous. I love this place.
4	Great selection of CDs records DVD's games. This is a pretty popular location a lot of people----crowded. Would come back again
5	Beware! You'll likely end up spending more money than you'd intended to at this place, and moreover, you'll be happy about it!They have a great selection of music and movies, as well as a good selection of memorabilia and memorable service to boot. From the greeting as you walk in the door to their offering to donate to a charity of your choice if you choose to forego a bag to carry your goodies home in, the place is as warm and inviting as any I've ever purchased prerecorded entertainment items at....actually, they're friendlier and more inviting. Scratch that last bit.The staff is amazingly friendly and helpful, and should you have any issues whatsoever locating something, they'll be happy to look it up in the computer to see if they have it in stock, research it if they do not, or help you find it on the shelf if they do. The place is well-laid-out so it's not overly difficult to locate what you're looking for (unless you're looking for an action movie with a lot of good one-liners that could conceivably be either in Action *or* comedy for instance, then just ask), but they'll make sure your well-taken-care-of anyway.They have a selection of odd beverages for fun and laughs next to the checkout counter, and be sure to get a Zia card so you can receive extra credit when trading items in, and rewards for the items you buy with your credit.Overall, if you're looking for used movies, new music, or a Walking Dead-themed board game to tickle your best friend's fancy at their next party, be sure to swing by this store.
5	We visit this place every single time we vacation in Vegas and we always spend more than intended! They have everything I love, including vinyl, comics, books, games, toys and more. I always find so many gems here and the prices are great.
4	Zia is the place to go if you want to find music, movies, action figures, books/comics, cups, or just pretty awesome stuff in general. I went to both Zia Record locations in both nights(Eastern & Hammond; Sahara & Arville). My boyfriend and I wanted to see if another location had more rad stuff than the other. It doesn't. They have the same items, movies, music, etc. You just need to look around and first come, first serve on some items.Customer service is very welcoming and chill in both stores. They aren't up your ass while you shop around and find cool things but when they walk past you they acknowledge you and ask if you need help. It was a Friday night and the line had gotten pretty long, the employees downsized it quick enough though. At Sahara's location I found it was greatly organized and well kept up. It might be small in size but I found myself going back and forth. I couldn't make up my mind on what I wanted. Plus I didn't want to miss anything awesome! I snatched some incenses(10 for $1.75) and a collection of masks($10). At Eastern's location the parking lot was rather packed and it was hard to find a parking space. I figured the video section was messy and disorganized due to it being late but the entire store had items scattered.All in all, I will be returning back to both stores.
