1	This evil monopoly is always jacking up their rates and they will bust your balls about late payments and arrangements. They closed the location here so now it NV Energy and you have to pay at the grocery store,etc. We use Luckys or Smiths.
3	There are so many things about NV Energy that I hate.  However, I cannot give them anything lower than 3 Stars because I can't say that they're worse than any other electric company out there....here's a breakdown of my experience with them:Do I have power in my home?  YESDo I ever have any issues with the power supply that comes to my home? NOAre they prompt when responding to a change in name or setting up power for a new home purchase?  YESDo they offer online bill payment?  YESAre their electricity rates ridiculously high?  YES, my power bill is over $800 per month in the Summer...WTH?Do I have a choice of providers? NOWhen I step back and look at the overall service of this company, my only beef is the prices.  Is that their fault? or the government's for not allowing Nuclear energy in the State of Nevada?  I don't know....the frustrating part is I can't do anything about it.
2	I've lived here for two decades, back when this company was called Nevada Power. It's a tragedy that the company is legally allowed price hikes about 4x a year, which is pretty sad for the customers. Who are the customers? Everyone who lives here that is NOT homeless, business owners, homeowners and renters- in other words, all the people who pay bills. Now though, we are being "too energy-efficient", but here's the twisted way of giving us a reward, by taxing us an additional payment. See what I mean? There's been a new reader that the company is installing in some areas, that is supposed to be more accurate, but I guess that is up for debate. We're all stuck with this company- the ones who aren't homeless, anyway.  If you don't pay online or use your Bill Pay service with your bank or credit union, you can also pay your bills at various other places like Albertson's customer service desk or casinos like Palace Station. You will need your paper bill to do this, though. Even a copy of an old one will do. You can also use this location for payments at the 'Drive-Thru" windows, however, sometimes it's really busy, if you are planning to visit around your lunch time; I'd advise a day when you do all your errands. Yes, I've been here, so I know. The parking lot is usually packed, for those of you who prefer to speak to someone face to face.Yes, the company does participate in community events like the annual SOS drive (supply our students) sponsored alongside Fox 5 News and McDonald's, but it doesn't excuse the fact that they still can raise the rates on us 4x a year. When more companies participated in the Corporate Challenge events, a few years ago, this company dominated in co-ed softball for their recruitment process (hiring some very good players from UNLV). Yes, some of the muscular women were even mistaken for being men! I'm not even joking or exaggerating.
1	NV Energy today shut down power at two of my businesses, despite us having paid both of those bills.  These are the results...At my restaurant I have lost substantial business today, as well as losing product because my walk-in cooler is below what the health department requires.  An estimated loss of $3,000 of cooled goods.  Additionally, I have lost about $500 in potential revenue today because of their mistake.  They stated "We are not responsible for the US Postal Service".  They should have at least called to inform me of this.At my other business, a commercial building with 80 people who work there we lost the entire morning as well as having some of our tech gear fry when they abruptly turned the power back on without notice.  We lost a rack of switches ($1,000 hardware item) plus one of our servers isn't responding since the disconnect.Unfortunately this is typical of any monopoly, and there is no "economic recourse".  They never once said sorry, they just blamed everyone else.Now I'm saddled with placing 3 stop payments on checks (We averted a 3rd business from being shut-down) and those costs and hassles as well.Great way to start 2012.  I hope the State of Nevada takes actions against this company.  I'm certainly filing a complaint.
1	NV Energy refuses to allow me to make a payment arrangement with them.What company doesn't allow that? I have a family to worry about - now I have to worry about not having power?I wish I could cancel with them and move to someone else, like a cell carrier or internet. Southwest Gas always worked with me, my friends and my family. What happened to that?I guess I just don't understand why they can't work with me. They're getting their money, just not in their time.
1	SHAME ON NV ENERGY.That's all.  I don't feel like I need to say anything else.  This is probably the most hated company I have ever seen, and they deserve every bit of the criticism.
1	Nevada Power has zero customer service. I am elderly and not very computer literate, but i tried to pay on line,but after 24 hours,they had still not taken out of bank account, but since i did not understand it paid my bill again $187.24. I am on a fixed income therefore this is a lot of money to me. so i called nevada power  immediately to rectify this huge mistake. I talked to customer service supervisor Debra 20475 and she told me she could not help it if i am stupid and my stupidity should cost me. well it has $24 fee from nevada because i did not have the funds to double pay and a $34 charge from my bank. so for just trying to do the right thing my wife and i will not be able to eat the week at the end of the month and this Debra just laughed about it.
1	a disgusting terrible company.  thats what you get when you are forced to use a company.  we lived here 4 years but when we move 1 block we have to pay a $250 deposit?  these losers just  take on whatever fees they can at any time.  truly one of the worst companies i have ever seen.  words cant say how much i hate nv energy.  i hope all the people involved in management get some terrible, painful disease.  really, nv energy, i cant explain how much i hate you.  not that you care because its not like i our the thousands of others who hate you have a choice.
1	Horrible Customer Service in the morning.Never received a bill & got a termination letter. WTF??Called them 3x got disconnected the 1st & 2nd time. Long call back system, about 15-20 mins waiting. Told them I never received my bill and that can they give me a one time courtesy to waive the late charges since I always pay my bill on time. Agent said umm NO you should know when your bill is do. Your responsible. I know i'm responsible but your suppose to remind people that's why you send bills out to remind us. Agent oh the late fees is only 1% of your bill. I can't do anything about that etc. Guy got nasty & smart with me. Grrr.. Anyways they just suck and they charge you extra if you want to pay with credit card. I'm paying you already and now you want  to charge me extra on how I pay. Shhsh NV Energy just has no shame at all. Trying to steal every penny and being nasty about getting it.
1	WOW called the customer service line to make a late payment that we didn't even know about and to update some info on our file & the 2 different service reps I spoke with were SO RUDE! & let me tell you I always try to be nice and pleasant when speaking on the phone with people so I know it wasn't me! The lady had so much ATTITUDE and just didn't even care about doing a good job and the man I spoke with started speaking to me almost in an accusing manner.. So much so that I had to flat out say " you don't have to speak to me like that... I'm not mad .. I just wanted to know why I didn't receive a notice...?" UMMMM WTF... I understand that they probably have to deal with some douchebags on the phone but that doesn't give them the right to speak to every paying customer in such a disgusting manner! If you loathe your job so much then quit! AND NV ENERGY you need to train your employees better !!!!!! Ugh.
1	We stood in 3 lines to pay a bill. We got up to the SELF-SERVICE MACHINE and it doesn't take plastic - only cash or check. WHUUUUTTTTT????!!!!!! What is this, 1970? Hey, Nevada Power.... in case you people have been on Mars for the last 35 years, this is the 21rst century. GET WITH THE FREAKING PROGRAM !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i want to swipe and go. we had to go back out to the car, ride around looking for a Wells Fargo, i had to withdraw cash, we drove back to the FREAKING POWER COMPANY, stood in line some more, and paid our bill. you know, they'll drag you through the mud before they turn your power on, but they won't forget to switch it off. Have a nice day, Nevada Power..... well, not really.
1	Customer Service is abysmal.
1	Just spoke with Megan in Billing regarding auto pay option. Megan explained that NV Energy does not allow more than 2 card changes a year because they believe it to be FRAUD! Where is the small print about that? What a ridiculous response!!! First credit card set up when I moved to Nevada, the second card was due to having to close my Chicago account to a Nevada routing number due to my new employer not having enough brains to deposit my paycheck correctly. I am paid in full and have never been late. I asked if I could provide proof of identity and bank information to prove I am not FRAUD - I am just a customer trying to update my bank information. Megan said 'NO', and no manager will override her decision. There should be other options in Nevada. They have the entire state monopolized and they use this leverage to power trip over good customers. NV ENERGY wait till the day comes and I have a CHOICE...you are going to lose me and many others and then where will you be? Change your policies for case by case situations.
1	i never received my electric bill for september and when i try to call there's a one hr wait and when i give the recording my phone number it says it's invalid.  All I want is the amount I owe so I can pay it!  I will not pay any penalties because of this. deep six this!  i already paid it and had forgotten!  Sorry
1	I just moved here from out-of-state. So far I've had pretty good experiences in the state of Nevada. But NV Energy was Definitely an exception to that. If I could give zero stars, I would! I feel like everybody else on this page has said it all, so I don't feel like I need to go into a lot more detail. I've never been more frustrated, treated more poorly, or felt more ignorant, after dealing with these people.  Their customer service is inexcusable. If there was another choice, I would definitely go with it. And the fact that there's only one location where you can set up service is ridiculous. Ok. It's sad. I'm done.
1	I have the billing issue, called the customer service just to get very rude attitude staff whom just told me that's the way company charged my bill and I have to take it either like it or not. Nothing else. The worst company I ever encountered with suck customer service.
3	3 stars because my power always works.  3 stars because every other time I open my monthly bill my per watt rate seems to increase.  I moved here in Jan. 2013.  My beginning rate was .10349.  I open my bill today and see there is another rate increase.  Now am at .10883.  I call customer service and ask about this.  The answer I received was covulated, something about there are 4 increases a year along with decreases.  Looking back at each of my bills, I saw many increases and possibly one decrease.  The problem here is the feeling that these increases will go on forever.  To me this is bad business practice and, being that it is an option for me to live here, I won't be here long.  To many other wonderful places to live without this type of shenanigans.
1	Nevada energy crawled across my fence to install a new meter on Saturday knowing that I would not be home Nevada energy meter man saw a mezuzah at my front door and Their meter person crawled over my fence like a slimy sleaze bag wrote on my back door where he install the new meter without my permission and illegally Crawled and left his footprints over my fence wrote the KKK with a crucifix this happen Saturday the 14th it is  1245 and I will never forget what they wrote on my door.If you're Hispanic if you're black if you're Jewish if you're Catholic if you're Christian watch out for Nevada energy The most racist company in the world.
1	While I was at my Shoul On Saturday morning 14th day of June a Nevada power Meter man noticed that my car was not there saw a mezuzah  at my doorJumped over the fence of my backyard illegally and put a new meter in Without my permission he then wrote the KKK symbol on my back door right next to my meter with the crucifix This was to identify that he had been there and he had climbed over the fence like a slimy snake He does this for NV energy.This new meter was put in without them calling me letting me know they were coming to my house I assume it's because they need to put the KKK symbol on each and every person's house who is either Jewish black or Hispanic.He has a major paper trail from my house and he doesn't know it we have his footprints the police have been call shame on you Nevada energy shame on youI think you put these meters into Rob people you're a thief and you came to my house Like a thief when I wasn't home  your company is Shameful NVenergy.I spoke to one of your representatives and she said that they can do whatever they which means that you're just like Hitler you can come into someone's yard and take what ever you want and do whatever you want although it's your meter you still have no right to come in my yard like a snake And not even give a phone call or leave a note at my front door that you were here but I'll assume it's because you need to leave KKK symbols at the door. I have proof that you were here you evil vile people.
1	In my humble opinion, customer service does not exist here folks. I had an issue with my bill payment being taken out too early. It took an act of congress to fix the situation and by the time it finally was corrected, I had been through the ringer and spoken down to, by at least 3 different employees. Even as professional as I was on the phone, I had been spoken to like I did not know what I was talking about. Trying to get a supervisor was a hassle. In the end, my issue did get corrected, but the headache it took was unbelieveable. Poor customer service is an understatement.
1	I own and run a business in San Diego, CA. We flip houses across the country. I have anywhere from 3 to 20 houses at any given time. I put A LOT of the utilities in my personal name, as it's easier than jumping through hoops to get the utility companies to use my company name. NV Energy currently has 4 accounts under my name, all in good standing, all open. I received a letter from a collection agency stating that I owed money for 2 separate properties back in March of 2014. Mind you, it's now July 2014. I never received any bills for these two properties, NEVER. They aren't linked to my online profile. Come to find out, they billed another property I own, that is vacant, for these two bills instead of my billing address on file in San Diego. I tried to pay NV Energy direct, because collection agencies take something like 1/3 of the money that is owed. NV Energy couldn't figure out how to have me pay 2 bills that they claim I owe them. They told me that if I didn't pay, it would affect my credit, but then they couldn't take a payment. I called the collection agency, spoke with a nice guy over there, and told him to take his 30%. Seriously, there should be more options for energy in Las Vegas... if it makes you all feel any better, SDG&E here in San Diego, CA isn't much better...
1	If only there was a competitor to this mediocre company.Upon having a returned payment ($25) i have now lost all ability to pay online / over the phone even after being a customer for 2+ years. It is currently 2014 and as a customer i seek convenience in making a payment! (disregard to the poor phone support i received as well).Handicapped, without a car, or a long way from a 'utility payment location' they show no care in making customers happy or even helping, pathetic energy company.I elected to have a supervisor call me which i'm not holding my breath to hear from, expecting more mediocrity. I've refrained from venting my anger and being professional for reader discretion. NV Energy, look at all your 1 star responses. You are miserable. If a competitor were to establish their name i would abandon this leaky piece of shit ship you captain.
4	I'm giving 4 stars based on the interaction I had with Matt in the Renewable Energy department.  I'm leaving one star off due to the high cost of electricity.  I called because I got some wrong information from a solar company and needed to go to the source.  Matt was super helpful and nice.  He answered all of my questions and gave me the direct number to call back if I had any further questions.  He really gave me some great information on solar and renewable energy.  We have been thinking about going solar and received a few quotes.  Thanks Matt for being so nice and helpful.  Unfortunately, we are not moving to solar at this time.  We feel the solar companies are all over the place and it's not very consistent right now.
1	We moved out of a house in Las Vegas in 2008. I went to the office on Sahara to make the arrangements to close out the account. I received the final bill at my new home out of state and paid it the following month. In 2010 we lost the property in foreclosure. In 2013, 5 years after we moved and closed the account, and paid the final bill, I started getting calls from a collection agency. I finally called them and much to my surprise the bill was from the company formerly known as Nevada Power. I called with expectations of fixing a mistake, but was unsuccessful. In two calls I was given two stories. The first answer was that we had rented our property so when the tenant was in default we became liable for the $636. The fact that the bill was for a time period when we could not have rented the property if we wanted BECAUSE WE DID NOT OWN THE PROPERTY, did not have any impact at all. In the second call I got a different answer. I was told that I never closed out the bill, so was responsible for the bill. When I said this is obviously a mistake, I was told to pay the bill or hire an attorney. I no longer have the pertinent paperwork. I had no idea I needed to keep the final bill receipt for more than five years. Now we are attempting to buy a house and I expect this to ruin our chances!  The absolutely worst utility company I have ever dealt with.
5	I am honestly blown away that this company has such a low rating. They have been nothing but wonderful in the last year since I moved here, and these are the reasons that make them 5 star:1) their customer service is unbelievable. 24/7, and you almost immediately get right to a person. When you do, that person is always immediately helpful, knows their stuff, and if they don't they admit it and go to great lengths to find out the correct answer. In NY, I would have died for an electric company like this. Seriously, at any point I can call up and it feels like I'm just calling a friend to ask a quick question. 2) they have free solar powered electric vehicle charging ports outside of their office. Something's like 10 of them. I just got an electric car, and I LOVE that they offer this for free. I mean, solar powered panels giving free energy to power future electric cars should be the nightmare of electricity companies, but NV Energy is progressive enough and cares enough about the environment to make it happen. 3) their time of use program is a phenomenal  program. They have a special one for electric vehicles that gives a slightly better discount between 10pm and 6am for charging, but in the winter, time of use cuts yours bill almost in half. In the summer you just have to avoid heavy usage during peak hours such as 1-6 or 2-7 and you're golden! We already do that, so we were so happy to get this discount. Plus they GUARANTEE your year will cost less money on the time of use plan or they will refund you the difference. Talk about backing up their programs. I am extremely thankful that NV Energy is around and that there are progressive, helpful and always available. It's literally one of the top things I'll miss when I eventually move away.
1	DO NOT GET THE M - POWERED crap they offer. . My mistake that I thought it was a great idea, save power,  money and have access on my smartphone. I was completely wrong.   * the guy that came in to install the thermostats walk into my brand new home, with his dirty shoes,  not even wearing those shoe covers.  3 weeks later my thermostat downstairs stop working but for some odd reason the fan was still on. To turn it off I had to turn off the power supply at the breaker box. I had 2 different guys come out and blame it on my BRAND NEW units.  Its ironic that my unit decided to have issues the same exact time their thermostat did. They kept insisting that I need to have an HVAC guy to come out, of course I would be responsible for paying whatever work they need to do... At the end of the day I wasted my time and my energy dealing with this M-POWERED crap. I had them remove both thermostat and now I need to hire an HVAC guy to fix their mess
1	Competition for nv energy is coming in 2015 for information contact me  I can't wait to switch #deregulation of energy
