5	This place is wonderful! They go out of their way and beyond to give you that old-fashioned personal service. Elaine and Paul helped me organize centerpieces for my husband's surprise party. They made them, delivered them and even set the room for me (as I couldn't be there without arousing the hubby's suspicions). I very highly recommend them for all your party needs!
5	I live in California and had to make arrangements for some balloons of unique color and have them delivered to a hotel in Scottsdale.  I was very nervous about dealing with someone on the phone and not in person.  However, when Paul and I spoke he knew exactly what I envisioned, he also had some great suggestions, and he even called me back right away with more ideas.  This is what good phone-based customer service is ALL about.  Thanks to Paul and his staff.  AND....they deliver.  How cool is that?  Can't wait for the party now.
5	What an absolutely awesome party planning place!I wanted to surprise my daughter with balloons for her 4th birthday, and I wasn't sure where to turn. I didn't want anything super extravagant...just something to widen her eyes in front of her friends at school. With a quick search for "balloons", Yelp came through with Party Mart!The shop appears to be a little bit small, but that's only because it's absolutely chocked full of party supplies! When I did the search, I really just expected to find balloons at this place. Boy was I surprised!I was immediately greeted by the owners, who absolutely bent over backwards for my simple balloon needs. They were sure to ask about what my daughter liked to ensure that I walked out with a perfect compilation. From there, they inflated them, strung them up, and added a weight to make sure that my little one had them at her own perfect height.While I was waiting for them to finish their arrangement, I made my way around the store. There is SO much stuff! They have plates and napkins for all situations (baby shower, bachelor parties, weddings, etc. They have party favors for the New Year. They even have gag gifts for birthday. For example, there was this hilarious inflatable walker for those "over the hill" type of parties. There were so many things to see, that I'm positive I only took in about half of them.In the end, I walked out with a simple and beautiful arrangement that tickled my daughter seven shades of pink! If you're looking to throw the perfect party, you should definitely come by Party Mart. They absolutely have everything you need to ensure that your party is a huge success!
5	I called from New Jersey to have balloons delivered to a family member in Scottsdale who had surgery and they delivered the same day with a smile.  I would recommend them as a wonderful, cheery and overall terrific place to do business with.
5	Really cute and unique party supplies. Probably better than Party City, in my humble opinion!
5	Wonderful business. Staff was very helpful, thorough, and delightful.. very accommodating! Will return.
5	We've had 2 incredible experiences with this Party Mart!  Most recently for a 50th Anniversary party, and the other was for a 40th birthday party.Party Paul went above and beyond for our balloon orders for both of our parties.  I highly recommend!!
5	I have used Party Mart in the past and just used their services again this weekend. I was not disappointed. Paul and Elaine are awesome and go out of their way to help their customers. We rented tables and chairs and ordered several balloon displays for our 8 year old's party. Everyone commented on the balloons and how wonderful they were. I will continue to shop at Party Mart for any event.
