5	So far two massages and they both have been awesome. Very professional, knowledgable and location is close enough to walk too. Signed up for a monthly massage.
5	John gave me a chair massage after my Crisis Nursery Ks for Kids 5K today. It was my first 5K since I injured my back in November. He did a trigger point massage on my neck and back and even helped the rib I displaced last week feel better! I got home and thought I'd be in severe pain, and I actually feel like I could jog another 5K right now! I am definitely going to see him for their introductory offer for new clients of $59 for a 55-minute massage very soon! I'm betting I'll wind up a regular client of his!  Highly recommend John (it just so happens he's a nice guy too)!
5	I chose an 80 min massage.  Slovica was my therapist.  She was fantastic! She released a huge trigger point on my quads that made my knee pain go away.  She also released several trigger points in my upper back.  Her massage was very thorough and included work on the subscap and teres muscles which I desperately needed. She worked deep when she needed to and checked in often.  Finished up with some comforting Swedish style strokes that left me feeling great!
5	I absolutely loved the 55-minute relaxation massage that I got from Analus today. She did a great job working out a few painful knots in my neck and shoulders. I left Elements feeling so much more relaxed and pain-free. I will definitely be going back! I now plan to get my husband a gift certificate here for Father's Day next month. He'll love coming here too.
5	I never thought I would get a massage let alone get one regularly. But once I had my first massage at Elements, I was a convert! I am a member now and look forward to my monthly appointments. I also get an upgrade during my birthday month - a nice perk (I've had the hot stone massage which was great). When my husband started having some numbness in his arms, I suggested a massage. He reluctantly went, but after a couple of sessions, the numbness subsided. He now goes regularly, too. Slovika is the masseuse we see and in addition to being a Master masseuse, she is also a Reiki master if you're into that. Love, love, love Elements!
5	I came to Elements Massage as my chiropractor believed I needed some therapeutic massage; I went as a skeptic. I had some tingling down both arms and needed to get some relief, so I made an appointment and saw Slavica. All I can say, is WOW!! She was able to work the layers of knots and trigger points and within one visit was able to relieve tingling down one of my arms; the other arm proved stubborn, and took more visits, but after each visit, I felt more and more relief. Slavica has a great way about her, she works the necessary areas, moves to other areas, then returns to the first area (so that the muscles don't go into a defensive/protective mode). I am on a regular schedule, working on other areas of tightness and soreness that crop up, but am feeling great.  Slavica is outstanding and knows her profession; truly a master at what she does... Thanks, Slavica. If she is representative of the quality of the therapists hired by this company, it is a true testament to the owners of this business. Glad to highly recommend this business
5	I brought my teenage daughter here for a massage. She is a cheerleader and gets banged up on the regular!  Was pleasantly greeted when we arrived and there was no pressure to buy a membership. This was only her second massage and the girl that she had was sweet and gentle with her.  She was so happy when she walked out!!!  If I could afford it we would come here every week!  Next up I am going to try it out. I will keep you updated. Highly recommend!!!
5	I love the service. It is amazing. The staff is great and very concern about your body and comfort. I highly recommend these two Therapist Thomas and Analus. They are GREAT!!!!
3	I went there because I had a lower back pain the masseuse was great but there was a Russian woman who wouldn't stop talking about their membership and it was annoying. After I told her several times I would think about it she kept pushing it, so instead of leaving the place relaxed I actually really mad!
5	Decided to have a massage after a super long international flight.  Went online and after reading Yelps reviews for Spa's- Massage businesses near me, I made a reservation for an 80 minute massage. Matthew at Elements was able to work out all of my knots and sore muscles.  He was very professional. At check out the reception asked how it was, and did I want to make another appointment. I told them Matthew was great. Very relaxing.  And I would need to call them to schedule next appointment. No pressure to sign up for their membership.
5	I woke up one fine Sunday with a body that ached every muscle and bone after a day of misguided misadventures attempting sports that I hadn't tried for years. The first mail that I saw in my inbox was that of a deal on massages at Elements. I took it as a sign and called in for an appointment which I had no difficulty in getting just with half an hour's notice. The girls at the reception were super friendly and got me signed in. In no time my masseuse Carla beckoned me inside. I told her about my issues and she suggested a not so deep tissue massage as I was still tender and sore. She gave me the near perfect massage with the right pressure, concentrating on the sore areas and working more on the spots that hurt. During the course of the massage I did develop a couple more sore spots which I informed her and she covered those as well. Carla was a good conversationalist who gave me my space but still engaged in good banter when I was up for it. It was relaxing and healing at the same time for me. She did warn me that I'd have the stiffness for a day and then I should be feeling ok. Spot on!! The second morning, I woke up a perfectly fine man!!I'd recommend the place any day and with their membership plans and pricing, I'm even considering signing up for monthly massages. Definitely, the place to be and money and a Sunday well spent for me!!
3	**DISCLAIMER** I have not had a massage here. That is why I am giving three stars, even though my sole experience with this place has been negative so far and warrants a one star, it would not be fair, because I have not experienced a massage here...Coming to this page on Yelp, I read: "$44 for $89 deal.."I interpreted that as: I pay $44 and receive $89 worth of service. If you check their website, it states that an 80 minute massage costs $89. So I assume this all means that I pay $44 for an 80 minute massage. Perfect! Well, I call them and was told that the $89 dollar deal is actually for a one hour massage. That is their deal. $89 for one hour. So that means $44 will only cover one hour. The receptionist states that she will give me the 80 minute for $65 but the massage is a bit later in the afternoon, and I was looking for something earlier. By this point, I had already given her my CC# on the phone to hold the spot, but I am glad I clarified with her the final cost.I was feeling a bit confused but soon realized where the misunderstanding was. It was in the wording of the Yelp 'deal'. I explained what I thought I would get for the $44, and that I was not interested in the massage anymore, but was sure to remain polite and thank her for her time.This is when the problems begin... The receptionist was really really trying to get me booked. Really trying. Too hard. Uncomfortably hard. She just could not understand that I was not interested in that offer any longer. By the time I finally convinced her that I was not interested, she scoffed and said, "alright."I got off the phone feeling all sorts of bad vibes and uneasiness. I didn't necessarily NEED a massage before, but now I feel that I NEED one just to relax. Luckily, I feel a bit better after writing this review. Unfortunately, I will not be taking my business here today. I might try again in the future. Maybe.
