4	Kevin Burke is a very funny man!  His Fitz of Laughter is quite good.  He has developed a wonderful way of asking a few questions of some audience members, and with his quick wit, turning these answers into funny comments that engage the entire audience.  All is in good fun--well except for the time the girl got a cell phone call during a performance.Burke is introduced as the world's only psychic comedian and his act weaves comedy and illusions.  There is a good amount of audience participation and there is much laughter.Without giving anything away, I would assume that Burke gets yearly tetanus shots and has a supply of bandages nearby during each performance.  I have seen this show several times, and although some of the things are the same, I always laugh with the audience seeing it for the first time, and I come away with a big smile because the one hour show has been so much fun!The showroom is small and it lends itself to Burke's performance quite nicely.  The showroom is on the second floor of Fitzgerald's Hotel and Casino on "Freakmont Street."One of my favorite parts of the show is Burke playing the kazoo and the audience singing along.  "You know, if they wanted to get off the island, all they had to do was........"   Well, you're going to have to see the show to know what I'm talking about.  I'm not going to ruin it in a review.Go see this show.  You won't be disappointed!
4	Love this guy. I have been to see his show on probably four different occasions and he's always a riot. I've brought many out of town guests and family to see the show and they have all been very entertained as well.His opening act could use some work, but once Kevin Burke hits the stage you forget the first guy was ever there. The showroom is small and you can usually get discounted, if not free tickets some place so it's worth the effort to look for some discounts. You won't be disappointed.
2	His jokes go over the head of alot of younger people. Seems like the people in the 40 to 50+ range really enjoyed the show but all of the people in my age range (mid 20's and younger) did not find him very funny at all. I only had a few minor chuckles and was very disappointed. To be honest the audience (some jokers/minor hecklers) were funnier than he was.His "psychic/magic" tricks were pretty basic stuff and I have seen more impressive versions done elsewhere and weren't funny. I came to laugh and not be wowed.For the price of admission its not a bad show, especially if you are older. Plenty of coupons for Dinner+show and the steak dinner isn't bad.
1	Disappointing.  The description of the show says it's good for ages 12+, so I assumed it would be clean.  NOT.  I took my teenagers to see it, making for one hour of awkwardness.  He dropped about 100 F-bombs, flipped "the bird" at the audience at least a dozen times, talked about sex a LOT, and used pretty much all of the other swear words there are.  It just wasn't necessary.  You can be super funny without all that.  Unfortunately, he wasn't very funny.I had seen him do "Defending the Caveman" (without my kids) and laughed, but this new show just isn't that great.  He spent quite a bit of time doing psychic tricks which were interesting, but not very funny.He's a likable guy, but this show isn't his best effort.  If you want a family show or don't want to be thrown into the gutter for an hour, skip this one.
5	Anyone who cannot enjoy how funny this guy is does not live in the real world!  He is spot on for relationship "adventures" between men and women. He is  funny and very personable. He is relaxed and his understanding of the differences between  men  and woman is great and soooo very true. I agree that it is for a "older" crowd because we have "been around the block" a few times and can see the  how helpful it is to take a step bacl and appreciate each other for who we are.   Kevin's humor puts a light hearted spin on the intricacies for male/female living relationships.  I do agree that one should check out shows before going to them with kids--this was not appropriate  for them not even for the older 20 - 30 year olds. It wouldn't be relevant for their life experiences.
