5	I am so pleased with the work that Pedro and his team did on my backyard a few months ago! I had a very specific idea in mind for landscaping the backyard of my first home, and Pedro came out to meet with me on site for a consultation. He was very attentive, listened to all of my ideas, and was able to quickly and concisely put together some ideas and a price quote for me. Not only that, he had a lot of great ideas to make my backyard look even better. He provided me with a ton of options for my pavers and the artificial turf I wanted. Most importantly, everything he spoke to me about was within my price range - there was no pushy up-sell, which I really appreciated. Pedro was available anytime I had questions along the way, the work was completed within the time frame that he had quoted me, and his team were most definitely very hard workers. I would very highly recommend Pedro and FNV Landscaping, and plan on utilizing his services again for my next home.
5	I just wanted to share the great experience I had with FNV.  We are new to the area and our new house sprung a leak in the irrigation system.  Being new I figured it might be best to call the experts.  Pedro was great to work with and the landscaper he sent out took care of the problem and also found another leak I hadn't even known about.  They were fast and did a great job.  I'm very pleased with the work and would definitely recommend them to anyone.  Oh, they are also located not too far from Las Sendas which is another plus as it's convenient for the area if you are in Las Sendas..
1	WORST customer service experience EVER.I called the 0993 #, like any prospective customer.  The guy answered the phone, said he was busy and asked me to text him the details, so he could review when he got done with current job.  No big deal right?  So after several hours go by, I texted again, asking for a response.  He said he'd call me back w/in the hour.  Again, I waited, and then asked again when there was no follow up. This went back and forth for a while.After 6 times of me pursuing this guy, he finally wrote "we're too busy, thanks".  So just a heads up anyone else that needs yard work:  this company has shitty customer service, can't even return a phone call to schedule an appointment and then dismisses like its no big deal.  Hopefully, after other's read this, maybe he won't be too busy anymore.
