4	Having many storage units in the past, we have a pretty good idea of what we are looking for when it comes to amenities.As far as security features go, Uncle Bob's Storage has got it right. You must log in to enter the gate at the front. This lets you into the courtyard with the outdoor lockers and the building in the back is where the indoor lockers are located.For the outdoor lockers, once you are in the courtyard you just use your key to unlock your locker (you provide the lock[s]). For the indoor lockers, you must use a different code on one of 6 doors to let you into the air conditioned building. Once you are in that building, you use your key to unlock your locker. Most of the lights are on timers, so you just turn the light switch to the amount of time you want them to stay on (keeps electricity costs down).Pros:-Secure.-Good prices and sizes available.-Ability to use their moving truck when you first get a unit.-Climate controlled if you get an indoor unit.-Always have specials for new customers.Cons:-The entrance to this location only has enough room for a few cars; otherwise you get backed up onto a main street.-In order to pull into this location you have to pull off of a main road fairly quickly and then you don't have much driveway before you come to the gate.-The courtyard once you get in the gate is fairly hilly. There are a lot of dips, slanted roads, and storm drains. These are alright for a car or consumer truck, but with a trailer or moving truck I can imagine it might be a little difficult and unnerving.-I would have liked the flat-bed carts that are inside the indoor storage building to be a little larger to accommodate larger furniture and boxes.
5	The best customer service I have ever received was from this company.  It is always on par. Specifically Lauren Warburton.  She has been helpful, professional, friendly, and everything else a person working in customer service should be.  The  units are clean, the price is comparable, access is a little hard, but with the customer service you recieve a little hard access is nothing.  Kudos to this Uncle Bob's and Lauren.
5	We needed some storage and this place is very convenient to us. Dave and crew are awesome. I would recommend this place to anyone.
