4	This New England breakfast kitchen is hidden away in the back of a old shopping center in Las Vegas's Chinatown.  I've literally regularly eaten at a restaurant not more than 10 feet away and not even noticed the place...until recently when it made the annual Best of Las Vegas list.  As soon as I walked in to the restaraunt, I felt transported from Las Vegas into a little dollhouse, in fact, it was quite a creepy feeling. Aside from the gaudy decor however, the service and food is excellent.  The waitresses are all very nice and give you the service that you rarely find outside of a family owned business and rarely find in Las Vegas.  The food is what I guess you'd call New England breakfast comfort food; stuffed french toast with cream cheese and strawberries, fried french toast with cheese and ham...you get the point.  But the food truly is delicious and so much better than the IHOPs and Denny's you'd other wise go to.
5	I LOVE THIS PLACE!!! For the past 6 months this has been my go to breakfast spot. I am almost afraid to review this place because it is already a hot spot that is very small. ( I know I seem selfish, but I'm not )My GF says they have the best eggs-benedict she's ever had. I also think the are quite amazing. I must suggest the 1lb. maple ham steak breakfast. It is HUGE!! I also have had the biscuits and gravy. They are homemade and tasty. The stuffed french toast is awesome with fresh strawberries not that jelly crap. I just recently had the cinnamon-raisin french toast. They serve pure Vermont maple syrup which is great even though I eat mine with lots of powdered sugar. They also serve lunch which I keep saying I'm gonna try but I can get away from the breakfast.Make sure you prepare to wait for a few mins as this place is small and usually packed. Oh ya and don't go on Monday like I did once, because you will be locked outside and very hungry.
4	I've been seeing advertisements for The Maple Tree a lot lately, but it's really Cameron G.'s review that really got my attention.  Having recently discovered this lovely treat, the words "stuffed french toast" had me salivating.I was actually up early enough this past weekend to enjoy a nice brunch, so the BF and I headed to The Maple Tree.  Imagine my surprise when we pulled up into this tiny strip mall.  We pass by this area all the time and have never even noticed the place; it's definitely a hidden gem!Walking in around noon, there's a steady stream of customers with a few empty tables.  We're seated immediately and I'm in search of the stuffed French toast.  Our waitress, Karen, comes by to take our beverage orders and she soon learns that it's our first time.  She gave us a bunch of great recommendations from across the menu, which cemented our choice for brunch.  The BF already saw their version of the Monte Cristo and with Karen's suggestion, he was easily sold.  I was tempted with the stuffed French toast or one of their skillets, but Karen sold me on the crab cakes.We were anxiously awaiting our orders and I noticed immediately that two of the diners next to us also got the crab cakes!  "The New England Benny" (Two crab cakes, served on English muffin halves, topped with two poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served with country potatoes. $9.25) soon arrived as well as the BF's "The Maple Tree Monte Cristo" (A French Toast sandwich with thinly shaved ham, turkey, and Swiss cheese, deep fried to a golden brown, dusted with powdered sugar and served with pure maple syrup or raspberry puree. $8.95).Since the Monte Cristo comes with either maple syrup or raspberry puree, the BF paid the extra $1.25 to get both sauces.  It also came with a side of fresh fruit with is nice complement to this hearty meal.  He preferred the raspberry puree over the syrup in the end, and he ate it all.  It was a nice cross of sweet and salty at the same time for me, and the BF really appreciated that the ham they used was salty enough for the contrast.  He finished off his entire meal.I don't usually order Eggs Benedict or anything with hollandaise sauce for that matter, but the crab cakes was what got me!  And it was definitely delicious!  Karen told us the crab cakes are homemade and you definitely get the taste of crab, not a bunch of stuffing.  They also add spices that give it a nice kick.  My plate was licked clean!  The BF said the next time we eat here, he's going to get my dish because he liked it over his Monte Cristo!Service was great too!  The waitresses are constantly walking around refilling coffee mugs and water glasses. You probably won't see them standing by the side gossiping because they really work!  And everyone is super-friendly too!  Other waitresses had heard the BF was getting the Monte Cristo and asked him what he thought of it.  We also overheard other waitresses with the other customers and they really try to make you feel at home, especially if it's your first time at The Maple Tree.  And dishes are cleared quickly too!  Overall, The Maple Tree is a great place for breakfast, brunch and lunch.  Not only will you see your staple breakfast items, but you'll find Fish N Chips, Tuna Melts, Salads, Sandwiches, Burgers, Roasted Chicken, Baked Ham, and other goodies on the menu.  They also offer a few things for the Juniors and the Seniors!(You can see pictures of our brunch in the business profile!)
3	Friendly, efficient service in a local joint that serves up decent food. The upside to this place is that it's not a chain and you're not required to walk into a casino for a meal. The downside is that the menu isn't as creative as one might hope in a place that has so much potential.You can get your standard waffles, pancakes, eggs Benedict and crab cakes too. Expect to see some gray-blue hair which goes well with the grandma-esque decor. Yes... some would argue this looks like a quaint restaurant from New England, but I'm not feelin' it. It reminds me more of a New Jersey restaurant by the side of a highway I once went to that had a coffee clache every Sunday afternoon.On our first visit, I had the vegetarian Benedict and was unimpressed with the hollandaise sauce. It needed a little zest because it seemed rather flat to me. My BF had the biscuits and gravy and said the gravy tasted like a mix. I don't know about that but I don't think they gave us nearly enough.Again, this place has good service and decent food. It's just going to be disappointing for someone coming from San Francisco, NYC, Boston, New Orleans, or Chicago. Y'all have many more options than we do for great breakfast/ brunch spots.
5	Went back for Father's Day. Once again everything was GREAT. Service was A+ as always. I had the ham steak again. FOOD A+. The GF's dad was so impressed he vowed to eat there for breakfast from now on whenever he goes to breakfast. One more person I have turned into a regular at that joint.
5	I am not a breakfast eater, but the Maple Tree could easily turn me into one.They have an extensive menu for such a small place.A number of items not usually found for breakfast.......but all of them are an excellent suprise -The atmosphere is outstanding  -a super nice clean place.The people that work here and own the "Tree" are as nice as you could hope for. The service is excellent. The waitresses are superbly attentive to your needs.Then there is the food .................. WOW !!Home made hash, super breakfast gravy.The fried steak is pounded thin from a normal dinner steak, breaded and fried ........ outstanding.The fried bread is light and tasty. Their pancakes and waffles come with fruit, stuffed inside or on top.The Maple syrup is the "topping" to a wonderful meal.I needed a breakfast place for my parents as they visited last week. Searching Yelp I found the Maple Tree - thank you all so much.Your reviews were right on the money. An excellent dining experience...........It is located in a small set of shops on Spring Mt. road and is well worth your search.The owner of the Maple Tree asked how we had found them and I explained about Yelp ....... and the excellent rating they had built.She had not heard of Yelp and was pleased that people had reviewed the restaurant so highly.One stop and you will know why they have an outstanding reputation for good food and excellent "down home" service.You just can not do better than the Maple Tree.
4	I always seem to stop by here when in Vegas. You kind of feel like you're stepping into someone's kitchen when eating here. The waitresses are very sweet and friendly and remind you of someone's mother. We got the corn beef hash (homemade) and the crab cakes (also homemade). I liked the corn beef hash but it tasted a little saltier compared to the last time I tried it. The crab cakes are deelish and they don't skimp on the crab either. If you have a major sweet tooth try the maple coffee. Their fried bread is also good but I feel so guilty after eating it.
5	I decided to stay on my ass a little longer and start making some "yelp lists" - one that came to mind was breakfast.  as i scroll down my reviews and move the breakfast places into the list, i noticed that there is no active review of Maple Tree  !!  this is quite the oversight when you consider its my fav breakfast place in Vegas - i've eaten there at least 6 times - not sure why i missed the boat !The favs - the new england bennie ( crab cake benedict ), the maple ham, part of the maple sampler.  and the basic pancakes with maple syrup !  not a fancy looking place, kinda strange location ( middle of a strip mall )  but the place is just , RIGHT !
3	Another spot where you'll forget your in Las Vegas!  Great personal service and it's no wonder as the owner herself buses and waits tables!  I had the New England Eggs Benedict (with crab cake!) and it was just okay (I am a VERY picky eater) but the service made it all worth while.It's not to far off the strip ... and if you want to get out of the glitter and buffets go here for breakfast!!
4	me: where do you guys wanna eat lunch?them: you're the yelper...look up something.dang...i hate being the only yelper in a group.  does that automatically make me a pro foodie or something?  i say not.  but after some phone yelping in our hotel room, i decided on the maple tree.  it's on spring mountain road, so you really don't even need to get on the freeway.  and a side note: don't head north on the strip on a sunday at noon.  the traffic is awful.  go south and then west to the freeway.  if you don't get on the 15N at flamingo like i did, it should be less than a 20 min drive from the strip.  if you get on a tropicana, go north.  just trust me.  it'll make sense once you're there.    anyhoo, once you past chinatown (okay, maybe not.....but there sure where lots of asian restaurants along the way) you'll see a strip mall on the right with the tiny little door for the maple tree.  the inside, which looks like a country grandma's kitchen/dining room, is larger than it looks from the outside, but still not huge.  we got lucky...no wait.our resident gambler ordered the new england benny which i told him the reviews said they were known for.  it was delicious!  crab cakes on top of english muffins, topped with an egg and hollandaise sauce.  (yes, i know...three reviews in a row with hollandaise sauce.  it's just a coincidence, i swear.  this no yelping at work thing has really made me backed up on my reviews.)  my french toast was just okay.  ever since i had the deliciousness at the gourmet pie co here at home, no other french toast has been able to compare.  with my girlfriend's chicken fried steak, the three of us ate for about $45.  atmosphere is definitely family owned.  our gal was friendly and attentive.  i saw a couple locals come in alone with a book, greeting by name, enjoying their usual breakfast.  i hate eating on the strip.  it's crowded, more expensive and usually the food's not that good.  i found a local spot without having to call a cousin.  yay!
4	Here's the short and dirty about this place: It's fabulous (and not at all dirty).  Located in a undistinguishable strip mall, you would never know from the outside what a hidden jewel this place is.  Anyone who has ever spent time in New England would not be surprised to look out the window and see snow--you're instantly transported to that small family restaurant that is ubiquitous in every town in Patriots Nation.  It's not luxurious or exotic or anything remotely like the strip; instead, it's your typical downhome kind of place where you walk in and they treat you like family.  Now about the food: heavenly.  The french toast is unbelievable light and airy, which makes it quite easy to down a large plateful, only to groan as you realize you ate enough to feed a linebacker.  The pancakes are equally fluffy--at least a centimeter high and perfect for sopping up their pure maple syrup.  Speaking of maple syrup, there's a reason this place is called "The Maple Tree."  Maple features prominently in many of their dishes, including such a thing as the wonderfully sweet maple coffee.  The only thing better than the food was the staff.  I think they might have been the friendliest people I've ever encountered!  (That's one thing they definitely didn't import from snobby New England, and it's defintely not missed on my end!)  This is a family restaurant at it's best--good food, good people and no pretentions.
4	Small, family, place for locals, unexpectedly great.  ...well, it was expected thanks to previous Yelps.  Yelp Mobile does come in handy.  I must say that they did a good job on the UI as it gives me no more than what I really need when I'm in a rental car and looking for nearby goodness in a short period of time.  The patrons - all locals with families.  The waitress - decked out in a New England Patriots hat and jersey.  The Food - hits the spot, especially in Vegas.  With every plate served to other customers that passed me, I had the inclination to change my order.  Looks mois delicioso.  Apparently everything is home-made.  I missed out on the home fries but the pancakes were super-fluffy, pure maple syrup was pure, and the coffee tasty.  If it weren't for the drive, I would make it a point to come here every Vegas visit.  Definitely a great deal.  Interesting ball-busting line that I learned  that day:  (source:  our Patriots-gear clad waitress) - give a quarter to any Pats fan saying "I hear you need a quarter-back".  ZING!
3	I went to breakfast at 9a on a Sunday morning with a friend. I thought it would be really crowded because everyone seems to know about the Maple Tree, but it wasn't too full and we got a table right away. Even though there weren't many people in there, I think there was only three servers, so they were spread thin. Our waitress was really sweet though.The front facade of the restaurant proudly bears a Review Journal "Best of Las Vegas 2007" banner. The front of the menu describes how the restaurant is inspired by New England "sugarhouses" where maple syrup is made. My friend told me this place is family-owned and run. She said our waitress quit her job as a school teacher to help out with the place. My friend normally orders a hot maple coffee, but our waitress offered up an iced maple coffee. My friend liked it better. She got her usual, The Monte Cristo ($8.50), a maple muffin ($1.75), and a fried bread ($1.75). My prices may be outdated. I got the New England Benny ($8.75), maple muffin, and OJ. Her Monte Cristo looked good. Two other parties asked her what she got and ordered the same in turn. She swears by it. If it has ham and is fried, then its good by me, too. My New England Benny was okay. Its an eggs benedict with crabs cakes hidden up inside. It was drowning in hollandaise sauce, but the hollandaise wasn't really too tasty. Maybe it was the powdered stuff. My benny came with country potatoes, chunks of seasoned potatoes. They were a little bland. My maple muffin was good, though. The texture was kind of like a corn bread. My benny and country potatoes was enough to fill me up and have some leftovers for lunch. My first visit to Maple Tree wasn't mind-blowing, but I'm definitely interested in going back. I need to find the thing on the menu that will get my panties tight. All together, we had two entrees, two drinks, and three sides. $31.* off the strip, non-casino
5	We decided to try the Maple Tree restaurant on Spring Mountain Road this morning for breakfast. Though physically situated in a non-descript shopping center, the restaurant provides a touch of New England charm to the local area.   Ms. Westie ordered the French toast stuffed with strawberry cream cheese and topped with fresh strawberries.  She rated this second only to Bouchon's, but at half the price.  I was initially hesitant to order the New England Benny, but was I ever rewarded for my courage.  The New England Benny is 2 crab cakes served on English muffin halves topped with 2 poached eggs and covered with Hollandaise sauce.  This proved to be an amazing combination of flavors that I would love to duplicate at home. I pulled out the camera and took photos of both the restaurant and our server, Susan, bringing us our meals
4	I like all-you-can-eat places as much as the next guy but too much can be overwhelming.  I swear Vegas has to have more buffets per capita than anywhere else on the planet.Not that it's necessarily a bad thing, but after a while, I can't help wondering if what I'm eating is really worth what I paid for?Besides, there are a lot of local gems if you can venture outside of the Strip.And tucked away in a shabby looking strip mall, you'll find one of the better breakfast spots in Vegas.It looks more like a converted office space than a restaurant but the food and super friendly staff will help you forget your surroundings.I ordered the New England Benny.  The crab meat wasn't as sweet as I'm use to but the dish really benefited from their creamy hollendaise sauce.  It was so filling I could only finish one.  The wife had the fresh corn beef hash and it almost tasted like pastrami.  Good stuff.  And they gave her such a healthy portion she couldn't finish her breakfast either.At the end of the meal, I was asked if I wanted my leftovers.Leftovers?Now that's something you don't get at a buffet.Unless of course, cookies "accidentally" go home with you.
5	I went to Maple Tree to see if my Yelping did it's justice.  So now I can conclude that this is the second restaurant I Yelped and thank you for the reviews.  This place was awesome.  The portions was huge!! I had a side of pancakes and the southwestern scramble.   I would totally come back again.
4	Another favorite breakfast spot in Las Vegas. The Maple Tree is decorated like a someones Country Kitchen, and the food tastes like it too! Thick Belgian Waffles, home style potatoes, and stuffed French toast are just part of the faire...Oh yes, and the homemade corn beef hash is heavenly. The best part about the Maple Tree is the syrup, probably THE best Maple Syrup I've tasted. If you haven't been here yet, you're missing out!
5	As much press as these guys get for breakfast.. they are great for lunch too! I went for a weekday work lunch today and was very happy with everything.BLT ($7.25 with a side) - lots of toast options, tons of crisp bacon, fresh veggies... pretty hard to screw up a BLT, but their's was extra good.Omelet - my coworker got an omlelet with corned beef hash inside. She seemed to really enjoy it!Iced maple latte ($2.95) soo freaking yummy! Better than a frappacino and cheaper too.Fried bread ($1.75) - I had never eaten this before (it's a northeastern thing maybe?), but it was calorie-laden and buttery and DELICIOUS. MMM. I wish I hadn't tried it because now I'll want to end every meal there that way.
4	On this last trip to Vegas me and my gf decided that we wanted to get away from the buffets a little bit and look for some of those places that the locals recommend. After doing a little research on Yelp of course, we decided on the Maple Tree for our first morning there. We arrived in Vegas just a little bit past noon on a sunday, which ended up being a real good thing since we avoided the huge breakfast rush. Even then, we ended up waiting at least 20-25 mins for a table, which was not to my liking since it was only 2 of us. But being that it was a sunday and we had just arrived in Vegas, I didn't let it bother me much. We started off our wait standing outside because the little "lobby" is as tiny as you can get, sitting about 4-5 people maybe, the restaurant isn't very big in itself so it doesn't help the rate at which you get a table. After about 15 minutes of waiting the seats in the waiting area opened up so my gf and I went in there to sit down, big mistake. The area was so hot and muggy with the sun hitting it directly and no ventilation, we were about to step back out and keep waiting outside but they called us up right at that time so take us to our table. Inside the restaurant the temp wasn't so much better, we actually requested to be changed to a table underneath one of the ceiling fans, which helped. I don't know if the AC wasn't working or if they chose not to have it on now that we are out of the summer time, but I definitely can't imagine being in there during a hot Vegas summer under those conditions. Anyway, so we finally got to our table and ordered our drinks. As we looked around we noticed the homey, country kitchen vibe that others describe. Again, the restaurant is not very big, it is located in a small strip mall, so you end up pretty close to your table neighbors. After asking for recommendations from the waitress, I ordered the country fried steak and home style potatoes, my gf went with the Cinnamon raisin french toast. And after all the waiting the first time I tasted my food, I completely forgot about the couple of not-so good things. My steak was real new york strip steak, not that fake frozen cube steak they use at most places. The gravy tastes absolutely amazing, not canned, which is common. And the potatoes??? Great!!! I don't even like onions, yet they tasted so good in these. My gf really liked her food as well, she said the french toast looked and tasted like it had actually been prepared from scratch. As far as the staff, they were all really helpful and courteous. WE actually even got night club recommendations from our waitress. We loved this place so much we both agreed that it is now a must on any future visits to Vegas. If you love good home cooking, you must try this place too, but you probably shouldn't go here if you're in a hurry. You might wait a little bit but I think once you try the food you'll forget about that.
5	Great breakfast food and service!  Be sure to get the maple muffin.
5	Now this is a five star breakfast place!!  Thank you Melissa, our valet at the Red Rock hotel, for the recommendation.  It's a small place in strip mall and the decor is nothing special but the first thing you notice is how friendly the entire staff is.  Aimee the hostess not only chatted with us about the menu, but came back a few more times to ask us how we liked our food and we ended up having a really pleasant conversation with her.  A total sweetheart!Our server Karen was great...bubbly and friendly and held her own quite nicely with the smartypants men in our party.The food was delicious.  I had a combo that included 2 (HUGE) pancakes, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon and a small piece of ham steak.  I'm not really a syrup person but it was sooooo yummy.  Everyone else enjoyed their food as much as I did.  We would have gone back Monday morning on the way home, but they are closed on Mondays.
4	The hostess was nice. So nice! Especially for the usually surly LV staffers. The parade of niceness continued with the server who was even nicer. She took time to explain the menu to us new kids. Decisions were made. As they almost always are. Food was ordered. The maple madness began. Maple french toast? Yum. Scrambled eggs? Yum. Maple muffin? Not so much - it was dry. Go here because it's not inside some life sucking casino. Go here because there's more to LV than the Strip. Go here to meet some nice people and eat their maple covered treasures.
4	Thanks to yelp and The Maple Tree's 4.5 stars, we decided to try this place.  It was delicious food for great prices.Our order:Crab Cakes & Eggs w/ Wheat Toast: Crab Cakes were REALLY YUMMY, but you might want to order an extra side of Hollandaise sauce to go with them.French Toast, eggs overeasy w/ a side of sausage, which was also a great choice.Orange Juice & Ice tea..... bill came out to $26 plus tip.The service was fast and friendly.  It's off the strip, so the traffic isn't so bad.Will definately come back to try more items on the mean.  Would definately recommend for brunch!!!!
5	If your in Vegas with a car, this is definitely worth the 4 mile drive from the strip. Watch for the sign at the shopping center, you can barely see the front door from the road. Good diner coffeeFried bread is to die forHome made corned beef hash in the omlette, and a ton of it!Small cozy place, only 18 tables. Very friendly waitress. Feels like the old backwoods cafe near my hometown, not Las Vegas. A great find!
5	This tiny and quaint mom-and-pop's style breakfast place is easy to overlook, but served one of the nicest breakfasts I've had in a long time.  I had the Pancake combo with french toast instead and it was DELICIOUS.  The syrup tasted natural and the toast tasted homemade- fluffy and not greasy.  The bacon was perfect and the coffee was pretty nice too.  Wonderful service, attentive and so polite.  I wish I was a local so I could go there every weekend!  A perfect breakfast stop on the way home from Las Vegas.
3	My boyfriend found this place on Yelp and we decided to give it a try. We ordered the Eggs Benedict with Hollandaise on the side and Corned Beef Hash and Apple Cinnamon Waffles. Entrees come with choice of bread (toast, maple muffin (yum!!!) or fried bread (heard it was good but didnt try) and country potatoes... As for the Hollandaise, I usually hate that stuff but it was suprisingly good here! Not real tangy like at some places Ive been too....Everything was pretty good! We enjoyed our breakfast and the service was excellent. The waitress was very friendly and attentive. For those visiting Vegas, like us - its about 10min from the Rio Hotel. Id suggest you drop by!Id like to come here again sometime and try the New York Steak and Eggs and Blueberry pancakes and fried bread! :)**UPDATE: Extremely slow to take our order, but our food came our lightning quick - so Ill let that go. However; Their steak and eggs... Not that great... Waffle was excellent... Portions seemed to have gotten smaller... Now they are on par with any ol breakfast join IMO...**
4	Good portions, good price, good service. The Monte Cristo did not disappoint.  Hash was really good also.If you're looking for a comfy place to grab some brunch off the strip--come here.I'm definitely adding the Maple Tree to my list of go-to restaurants.[Sorry for the weak review, but I was hungover.]
4	Good food away from the crowds... Thanks for the tip Yelpers!
2	I yelped this place too...and was a little disappointed.  The only thing I like about this place is their orange juice and their super friendly service.  The waffles were terrible!  I couldn't even stand to finish them!  Maybe I just ordered the wrong thing.  At that point, I wished I would've hit one of those breakfast/brunch buffets!  We even drove about 5 miles out of the strip to go to this place! UGH!
3	I had the French toast and a side of corn beef hash. Hubby had one of their breakfast special with eggs, bacon and pancakes. It wasn't anything spectacular. It tasted fine but pretty average. It is nice to travel a little bit outside of the Vegas stripe to eat somewhere where the residents eat at.
3	In terms of food, this was just an average breakfast place, nothing really stood out. I have to say the service was good and the place felt homey but nothing worth the drive if you don't live in the neighborhood. I definitely appreciate the mom and pop style joints but the food just didn't do it for me. When it comes down to breakfast places, one thing that is must for me, is good coffee and this place had dissapointing coffee.
3	Seemed like a pretty standard breakfast.  Eggs were over cooked (got them scrambled with cheese) but the pancakes were pretty nice.  Sausage was flavorful and delicious.  Service was fine.Not sure I'd go out of my way to come here.
2	Been here a few times and return when I have a coupon. Service is friendly, but food is average. Tried pancakes, french toast and a variety of eggs. I've liked the southwestern scramble best.
4	YUM!! I have dreams about eating The Maple Tree Monte Cristo, so needless to say it's a must try. Fried French toast stuffed with turkey and ham served with your choice of maple syrup or raspberry puree... how can you say no to all that goodness?! Btw, I recommend the raspberry puree. It's deeeelicious.
5	Good breakfast spot.  Good food, even better when you consider the fact that it is relatively inexpensive.  I ordered smaller dishes of a few things on the menu just to get a cross section of the menu.  Everything was excellent, including the service.
5	Me and the fam where hungry for breakfest and decided to head over to hash house a go go but the place was packed and we couldn't wait.. So with help of yelp I found the maple tree. Boy, I was sure glad because this place is awesome. Great food, cheap and they give you huge portions. The country fried steak was great, there Rosemary Potatos and fry bread stood out the most to me. Even though smal and a little further out from the stripl I would not hesitate to come back. They are doing it right at the maple tree. Feels Like family..
5	Went with my husband and 2 and 3 year old children on December 24, 2009. My reply is late but we plan to go back to Vegas in a few weeks, that's why I'm submitting this review right now.  We'll be going back to The Maple Tree because we were very happy with this place.  Our waitress was super nice and the food didn't take that long to come out.  I ordered their country potatoes and scrambled eggs and my husband had the pancakes.  Everything was really "home-tasting", like something your grandma would cook when you were a kid, very good!  The prices were extremely reasonable and again, the food was so good.  I recommended the place to my sister and brother-in-law and they called me when they were done eating to let me know that they loved the place, and to ask how I found out about it.  Yelp!
5	The Monte Cristo sandwich with rasberry puree along with crab cakes are the best combo to start the day!!!
1	Not a bad location, it's a pretty small location. Went here for the first time to try it out since I am a breakfast fan and I like to try eating at different places.Ordered very berry french toast, it was good but noticed the strawberries were not fresh. My bf ordered the stuffed french toast, had a dead bug on the strawberry. Yes a dead bug that's just gross! We told our server she said it wasn't a bug and that it was part of the strawberry. Umm I think we know what a bug looks like. But she said that if we wanted she would give if a new one. Service was great that's because there was only 6 people. All and all I don't think I would go here again just because I found a bug and their fruits were not fresh. Word of advise to the owners check you strawberries and make sure they are cleaned properly.
5	Nothing bad about this place. They were kind servers and the food came out hot and quick. I didn't understand what kind of sauce they put on the meal so the server brought out a little sampler for me to taste. That was genuinely nice of her because I never had that done at a restaurant. It tasted magnificent and had a lot on the plate to fill me up. It's a little place and I also love that because I hate over crowded places. Perfect 5 stars
2	Seriously, I must be missing something. There are a ton of reviews here with four and five stars and I simply do not understand. Perhaps I am ordering incorrectly.We have visited twice. The first time, I had the Classic French Toast. Unbelievably bland. I always try eating french toast without syrup first but there was just no taste. On the second trip I had the Ranchers Club. The first problem is that I asked for it without ham and that did not happen. The other problem is that it was bland. It sounds great on the menu, the waitress said it was her favorite sandwich, but there was so little taste. I also had the baked beans which were quite nice and I can say the fries are good.My husband had the Cinnamon Raisin French Toast. He also thought there was a lack of flavor that was only saved by the raisins. He also had a side of bacon which was fatty and chewy. The other issue is the service. On our first visit, the place was empty because we arrived at about 1:15pm - not realizing that they close at 2pm. We are certainly not fast eaters so it did become a little uncomfortable when 2pm rolled around and they wanted us out. On the second visit the place was pretty empty again - probably because it was a weekday - and the service was not existent. We waited to be seated while the waitress and owner talked. Then we waited for drink refills while the waitress and the owner talked. Finally, we waited for our check while the waitress and the owner talked. I guess this would not have been a problem if there was more than one waitress or if the one waitress working was not crying. Just a horrible service experience.So, I am sorry to say, we will not be visiting Maple Tree again. I would much rather drive the same distance to Egg & I for a good meal and great service. Plus, they advertise their last seating at 3pm. Never have we felt that we were overstaying our welcome as we did at Maple Tree.
4	Checked this place out for the first time this morning.  It's a little hole in the wall breakfast joint.  Great food.  Excellent service.  It's a little small, but charming.  I would say the food is on par with The Omelette House - tasty, kind of diner style goodness.I was so bold as to get the New England Benny, which has crab cakes.  Despite how far we are from the ocean, it was really tasty.  They're english muffins are out of this world - it seems like they make them from scratch, but I can't say for sure.
1	Did you ever hear the expression..."gone to hell in a hand basket" ?Thats my description of The Maple Tree on a recent visit...for breakfast of course!    For whatever reason, we'd failed to return to The Maple for a couple of years...it's a quite a drive from Downtown, where I always stay and well, you know, you're in the casino and right there is the buffet...First of - THIS IS IMPORTANT...The Maple Tree no longer has MAPLE FREEKIN SYRUP...and it's right there on the menu..."we serve real WARM Maple syrup..."  Uh uh...sorry...I know MAPLE and I know WARM...this is SYSCO and it's COLD.Secondly, I arrived at 7AM...they were open...but the only people there were a cook and the owner.   The place was in an absolute shambles.  The already cheesy indoor-outdoor carpet had been ground into a BLACK GREASY FOOD ENCRUSTED DIRT...the chairs, were a flesh color vinyl but the backs (where you'd grab one to pull it away from the table...was BLACK with filth!As I looked around, I noticed cobwebs on the lighting...the ceiling fans were "fuzzy" with at least a 1/2" dust buildup on the windward side...Errrrr matey...your galley ha been scuttled :O(When I identified myself to the owner as a Yelper! he rolled his eyes back in his head and said ..."Oh, we're making changes around here".The meal no longer mattered to me...I wanted to leave...but stayed and paid $10 for a ho-hum meal.
1	AWFUL! First of all, I've been here a few times so this isn't based on just one visit... the food is good but the service is AWFUL! and today my husband and I walked out after waiting 45 minutes! we NEVER received our drinks or food! meanwhile, the owner greeted the families to our left and right but NEVER acknowledged us... we're disgusted! we'll NEVER GO BACK...
1	I don't understand how the place got such high reviews.  The recovery on their customer service was non-existent after I had to send my coffee back 3 times because the creamer was curled.  The food was below average, and orange juice  smelled funny.  If I could score zero stars on Yelp I would.  Save yourself the disappointment and eat at home.
3	This place was mediocre.  We were excited to try it with all of the positive reviews and hopefully find a new off-strip gem.  I ordered the biscuits and gravy after the waitress recommended it and said it was one of their best items and a personal favorite of hers.  Not so much.  Husband ordered steak and eggs which was tough and came with a dull butter knife to cut with.  Ugh.  They had some other appealing items on the menu - the monte cristo sandwich and a sweet stuffed french toast.  Honestly, I don't think I'll be back to give it another chance - there are too many great restaurants in Vegas to waste a meal here.
4	Whoever knew there was such a good breakfast place in Vegas that is away from the strip? Vegas is not only a place to go to for gambling, clubbing, and drinking. There's plenty of fine restaurants and good food to look for. My goal is to discover new places to eat at in Vegas that is worth reviewing. This is the first of the list to start the day off. I had the country fried steak, scrambled eggs, country potato and a muffin. This has got to be one of the best country fried steak i ever had. The gravy had so much flavor and was not salty giving the fried steak just the right amount of flavor and salt. Scrambled eggs were avg and the country potatoes were avg too. Also had the egg Benedict and a New England Benny. There hollandaise sauce is perfect. The original Benedict is good and they had other Benny. The New England Benny is a crab cake Benedict. WOW is all i have to say to that. The crab cakes is a must the next time I go back.
5	This is my FAVORITE breakfast place. The location is in a tiny strip mall near China Town. It's a little Mom and Pop Shop with a tiny little kitchen, limited seating, the nicest waitress, and just the right amount of kitch to give this place that New England Country feel. First off, they offer REAL maple syrup. The waffles are just right, crispy, warm, and fluffy. The crab cake benny is superb. What I love about this place is how un-Vegas it feels. It's a hole in the wall. It's exactly what Vegas needs. The wait on the weekends can be ridiculous, but it is worth it. Get here really early or arrive late to avoid the lines. Give this place a try if you want to try something new. Trust me. It's the BUSSSSSINESS!
3	Two words.  Fried bread.  I think that was the best thing to come out of The Maple Tree.  The ooey gooey sweet syrup and the warm and chewy bread hit the spot.The other stuff was pretty alright, too.1.  The New England Benny- (Two Crab Cakes, served on English muffin halves, topped with two poached eggs and hollandaise sauce, served with country potatoes).  Crab cakes for breakfast?!  Hellz yea.2.  Country Fried Steak and Eggs-(Tenderized sirloin steak, hand breaded and pan fried, served with our country gravy), salty and crunchy with some nice grravy.3.  French toast with peanut butter and banana off menu - I actually didn't try this fatty concoction, but my friend really enjoyed it.  It's off menu, so it must be pretty awesome. =)4. Corned Beef Hash - Last but not least, I had the corned beef hash, extra crispy.  It's definitely not the best that I've had, but I enjoyed the gritty very finely chopped texture.  Could be crispier.Conclusion:  I love fried bread.  mmm mmm
3	Decent breakfast place but the whole thing was a little too country for me.The ladies working here are very friendly and personable and probably the best thing going for it.My choc chip french toast was pretty good, I could have used another piece to be perfectly honest and the coffee was just plain ole coffee.Their other plates are pretty straight forward too and other than the service, there was nothing that would make me want to come back.I'm a huge fan of Egg & I and would go back there before I came back here.Its not a bad restaurant and if you wanna go for the country feel and be away from the strip then go here.
3	Disappointed!!!! Went on a Sat morning, no wait, place not that busy. They had NO muffins, and half the reason we drove twenty mins was for their maple muffin. Pancakes are dry and not that flavorful. Husband liked the crabcake on the Benny, but didn't like that the English muffin looked liked it had been deep fried. Their potatoes were good though, if not a little salty. Don't think we'll be back... Would rather go to Rachel's Kitchen or Cracked Egg which has much higher quality ingredients.
5	Located in a mostly ethnic strip mall, you could easily pass this gem by, as the signs are pretty small. (You know that you have, if you see Walgreens.) We found this place because it was in the Entertainment Book (BOGO). Open 7 days 7 am- 2:30 pm. This "Countryside Kitchen" is small, cozy, and charming. This is one of my favorite places (I have three and none of them are national chains) to eat breakfast (but then again, you can order breakfast for lunch). I always get the crab cakes (very good and not a lot of filler- I hate that) with country potatoes (really good, but I can't finish all the potatoes that they give me) with the freshly baked muffin loaf (it's warm!)- it's yummy- don't finish this one either. No complaints. The food is always good. The hostess and the waitress are pleasant. I highly recommend this to visitors and residents alike.
3	This is one of my favorite breakfast places, solely because of the AMAZING corned beef hash.  I had to give them just 3 stars, however, because I had HORRIBLE service during my last visit!  I had arrived for a late breakfast at around 2:15pm.  I noticed walking in that the neon Open sign was on, so I walked in.  My boyfriend told me after we had entered that the sign on the door said they were only open until 2.  I asked a server if they were still open and told her that I had just noticed the sign, and the server, Cindy, said she asked the kitchen and her boss and they could accommodate us.  We realized that we had arrived late and were ready to leave, but Cindy assured us it was ok. Cindy was extremely sweet during our whole meal, but what made our visit horribly uncomfortable was another server named Carol, who very loudly and openly bitched about our being seated after 2!!  I couldn't believe it.  Carol was rude and unprofessional and made us feel unwelcome.  The food was amazing and Cindy was great, but Carol's attitude ruined it.   Lady, your boss approved it, so shut up and be happy you have the business!  If it's such a big deal, take initiative to turn off that neon sign at 2pm-- I noticed it was still on when we left at 3.
1	Sunday 9 a.m. time for some Maple Muffins and Fried Bread....since this is what this place is known for!! ....Seniors all sitting enjoying waffles and eggs. We were seated right away (4 of us)...we waited for one of the 2 servers to come on by...after 15 mins we got water.....and was advised that there were no muffins nor fry bread and she would come back later so we could decide on a alternative??? WTH maybe I wanted a waffle? or eggs???? guess not!!! we waited another 10 mins....and walked out.....never ate there...and won't go back!!!
3	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  The busser was sitting in a table behind me cleaning the utensils. My table was the only one without ketchup. Too much hollandaise on my eggs benedict.LIKE  The "countryside kitchen" feel. The New England Benny. The country potatoes. Real maple syrup.LOVE  The energetic hostess/waitress.
4	I just wanted to base my stars on the particular experience I had  and not on the experience I would have had. Anyway, this place is not in my part of town. I had to venture to the West Side a little to get here. My friend recommended this place.It's a little unkept but I think it is meant to have a country appeal so being a Vegas brat that I am, I am a little too used vivid colors, fancy and trendy decor. I wasn't prepared for a mom and pop strip mall restaurant. In any case. The breakfast menu had variety and they I should have tried the well known first grade maple syrup but every time I get breakfast I am drawn to a Benedict. So I found prosciutto Benedict. I wasn't a fan of it. It wasn't delicate or as thinly sliced as I had expected it to be. Again, I don't have very much prosciutto experience other than when I am treated to super fancy Italian restaurants. A breakfast for three here cost us less than $26.00 so I was happy that my son got his own breakfast with a mickey mouse shape with blueberry eyes and an orange for it's mouth. I recently had a pancake at "Homefries" and it was covered with fresh strawberries so I was kind of expecting a little more fruit. Again, I may just be expecting too much for the cost.Ricky got corned beef hash and finished it before I could ask him to try a little :( But it looked great for the 5 secs that I saw it. He shared it with Herbie and they both were sad to have finished it.All in all, this is a good breakfast place. It doesn't really beat the major chains or trendy breakfast places. My friend says that they have a very tasty crab cake Benedict. I would like to try it some day, but it may not be for a long time.I didn't care too much for their potatoes, I prefer the cracked eggs potatoes far more.
3	Knocked down to 3.5 stars. The crabcakes aren't the same- it's changed now, it's mostly filler- how disappointing! Very little crab- didn't even finish it. The potatoes were still very good. We won't be ordering the crabcakes here anymore. The maple loaf was very good- that didn't change. From what I've read here, according to other yelpers, the monte cristo is supposed to be really good. The server was very nice, although she was new (a few days on the job) and wasn't sure about our meal coming with the maple loaf. Still an Entertainment coupon participant (already got our new book last month).
2	I am so sad to have to write this.  For the 3 years that my son was in HS we spent almost every Tuesday morning before school here for breakfast.  Since then, he's graduated and gone on to college and those breakfast dates have become fewer.  but today was an exception and we both said "how about Maple Tree."  I think after today it will be Maple Tree no more.  Oh the service was good but the place was dirty.  The chair, once filled with people, now sit empty and stained. the creamer for my coffee curdled.  We had our usual:Me: Ham steak with toasted english and a side of cottage cheesemy son: Monte Cristo with double turkey, no ham and a side of hard boiled eggs.  Kudos for doing the hard boiled eggs..not many places will do those.  but the usually delicious Monte Cristo was sadly lacking.  It wasn't crusty..but rather limp and soggy.  We brought it home thinking it might fare better after it got cold. (6 hours later and still not) So many wonderful and joyous memories we have to our pre-school breakfasts together and now we probably won't be back.  While I realize it is a sign of the times with the economy and 14.9% unemployment in Las Vegas, this place was always packed to waiting on the sidewalk for a table.  While we were there, a good hour, only 1 other table came in.  I'm afraid that we will have to find another goto place and play taps for this one.12/29/2011:  this is the 3rd time I've been back since writing the review and sadly it is still the same except the service has completely vanished.  hard to do when there are so few tables to begin with.  But they managed it.  2 diners.  1 gets their good..11 minutes later the 2nd diner gets there and they completely forgot the soup which should have at the very least come out with the 1st diner's soup and salad.  Also, the shabby attitude of the waitress when asking for cream or arguing with us when I refused the soup is not very customer service oriented.  I know I said I wouldn't go back after the last disaster but you know people have bad days. and it is in my "hood" but I'll have to schelp to somewhere my $$ is appreciated.
4	This place truly is the epitome of the breakfast/brunch/lunch restaurant. I have yet to  order anything that did not completely live up to my expectations. I have to recommendations for this restaurant and they they are that you either first get the Monte crisco or a Benny. The omelets and skillets are good too but they just are not the name sakes.I would happily give the restaurant a five star rating but sometimes the service is just not that go od and five stars has to  mean something!
3	Want to get away from the strip and eat a hearty breakfast for under $10? The Maple Tree is one of those "not-for-tourists" home-style cafes in a small strip mall. It's nothing fancy, but the staff is friendly, portions are generous, and you can't beat the price.My friend and I ate the PEANUT BUTTER & BANANA FRENCH TOAST and OVEN-BAKED DUTCH APPLE PANCAKE. Both were completely over the top delicious!TIP: If you are not a local, be sure to map this place out before getting in a cab so you don't get driven around or ripped off.
4	Tired of the same ol' Vegas breakfast buffet? Then head right down to the Maple Tree.  This Mom & Pop place is no frills, but definitely has a friendly, homely feel.  The staff is also very helpful and attentive.I had the Peanut Butter & Banana French Toast which was superb, one of the best breakfast dishes I have had in a while.TIP: The Cab fare to get there can be rather high ($15-25, depending where you are on the strip). So it only makes sense if you have your own ride or have 3+ people.
3	It's really hard to rate this one.  I keep waffling between a 3 and a 4.On the one hand, the service was extremely friendly and quick, and the food we all ordered was REALLY yummy... but on the other hand, I thought the prices were pretty high for breakfast and the quality wasn't exactly awesome.So yeah.. I guess 3-stars would be about right.  Probably more like 3 1/2.The menu has LOTS of choices for breakfast, which is nice.  My New England benny was delicious, even though I could feel my arteries hardening as I ate it.  My husband enjoyed his Monte Cristo and our friends enjoyed their pigs in a blanket and breakfast scramble.  My daughter's biscuits and gravy plate was ENORMOUS and the gravy was really flavorful.  The biscuits looked straight outta the Pillsbury can, though.  The best part were the potatoes which came with almost everyone's breafast.  They were some of the best I've ever had.  They are cooked with onions and have LOTS of flavor without being greasy.  5 stars for those!  The "kids menu" was a bit of a joke, with only one choice for breakfast. I guess if I were a tourist, used to paying much more at the hotels, I would think the prices were good....but for breakfast foods like pancakes and eggs, I don't think you should be paying a whole lot more than $5 a plate.  Most of the things on their menu were closer to $10.  For a little hole-in-the-wall place like this... I think that's a little steep.
5	I'm in love with this place for breakfast. It's our regular spot when we're setting out for a day of hiking at Red Rock. What a treat to find a New England-style maple sugar shack in Las Vegas. The first time we went, I got a country breakfast with 2 eggs, maple-glazed ham, and country potatoes. The ham was amazing! A thick juicy steak with wonderful maple flavor. It also came with a side, and I asked for a maple biscuit. It was too early, the maple biscuits weren't ready yet, so instead I got an order of fry bread. I hadn't had fry bread in a restaurant before, just at pow wows and gatherings, so I wasn't sure what to expect. I wondered if it would come with maple syrup instead of honey, it being breakfast at a maple sugar shack and all, and as it turns out, IT DID! Had never had that combination before but it was delicious. Then as a bonus, the waitress brought me a maple biscuit later when they were ready, which was also very good. My partner got the buttermilk pancakes served the pure maple syrup, and they were excellent. We loved the friendly service and the warm atmosphere. So, of course, we had to go back. The second time, I got the New England crab cakes benedict. Hands down, best crab cakes benedict I've ever had. Very crabby, meaty crab cakes! My partner got an apple cinnamon waffle, which was so excellent; loved that it was thick but also soft and fluffy, unlike some waffles that are more crunchy and doughy. We went a little later in the morning, but still got great service despite the rush of people. We'll keep coming back!
4	Good, solid country breakfast cooking in Chinatown.Had the sampler - 2 pancakes, 2 eggs, 2 pcs bacon, 2 pcs sausage, and some ham steak.All very good and cooked how I asked.  The boyfriend had the southwest benny.  It was super good.  And the crispy home fries/ potatoes are awesome.  Decent prices and a whole lotta food.
4	Solid breakfast joint, country-northeastern themed menu, fantastic service.  I've never been disappointed with my meal.  I'm almost always tempted toward the crab-cakes eggs benedict... Drool...  I've never heard complaints from anyone I've dined with.  Prices are reasonable and the staff is almost always super friendly and talkative... Aww, just like being back east again...
2	I really planned my way around this place for breakfast earlier than my usual. I got here a little after 7am because I had errands to run near by and plus I've had this place bookmarked long enough!I Asked the server what was popular?.. She says "Monte Cristo and the New England Benedict (I remember this was on Yelp's quick tip list.. and the fried bread, but i'll get to that in a bit!) I chose to go with the New England Benny because I've had a Monte Cristo before, elsewhere. The crab cake benedict was an eggs benedict but the ham was subsituted with a couple patties of crab cakes instead. Clever and interesting idea but I wasn't impressed with it. The crab's flavor didn't do it for me. The hollandaise sauce was typical and satisfying. The other half of the plate was filled with seasoned potatoes. They were edible, I just put a lot of ketchup and pepper on them! I feel they were overcooked. The Fried Bread was a different story.. more like a night and day difference! Now this may had been one calorie packed creation BUT it was worth trying. It looked like a loaf of bread, powdered sugar on top and maple syrup sitting on the bottom of it. Oh My Fried Goodness.. Save room for this!! Its Fluffy with a Sweet Donut Flavor! The server also gave me a sample of their Pure maple syrup to taste the difference. The Pure maple had a lighter flavor and thinner consistency.. the regular maple was fine.Server was Very Friendly and Courteous, Place looked dated and kinda runned down (old/dirty carpet and lighting makes it even worse) and value was ok for size ( but fried bread was definitely worth it) I may try the Monte Cristo and their Maple French Toast, If I ever go back..
2	Stuffy, sticky air, like back in the day before casinos discovered circulating fresh air. Needs new carpet (adds to the smellyness). Crab cakes were very gluey (I don't understand the raves for these. They're nothing like the real-deal lump crab meat crab cakes). The fried bread is good, but the "raspberry puree," while tasty, is not actually raspberry puree - its the red goo that's used in jelly donuts. Red, raspberry-flavored corn syrupy stuff. Whatcha gonna do. This is super basic, generic breakfast food. Perhaps the owner doesn't care to watch the food network and maybe get some new ideas or up the quality game so he can get better reviews and then more business. Just sayin... Two stars for nice waitress, good service, fresh coffee.Owner doesn't accept Radio Shopping Show or Entertainment Book coupons anymore, fyi. Be aware.Overall, I am not motivated to return for any reason.
3	From some recent reviews, I was really worried about trying this place... but I have searched near and far around town for the Monte Cristo. And I hear this is the best place for it. Having not had it before, I wanted to have a good first impression of the Monte Cristo, so I didn't wanna just go anywhere! This is just a breakfast place though, closin at 2pm, so I had to actually set a date to go when I didn't work.Was looking forward to dining here for a while! Ending up going around 1pm sometime in late January. Got inside and it was quite a bit warm, there was 2 other tables there. I was worried it would be dirty and muggy inside but it was decent for a small and old restaurant. Don't expect anything fancy!We just sat down anywhere. And we already knew what we wanted..! New England Benny and Monte Cristo. Food came out at a decent time.The benny was better than expected and the bf loved it! He generally isn't a fan of crab cakes but likes bennys. And the potatoes that came with it was yummy! Very crisp and well browned. The Monte Cristo, the moment I have been waiting for... was ... okay. I imagined it be a cross between french toast and a turkey sandwich. Which it was. But I guess I had my expectations too high. And it came with a small cup of fruits, which you can tell was canned fruits. The syup was very light, almost like it was watered down.This is your average local breakfast place. Nothing fancy, but not dirty. The server was a sweet lady. Don't think I'll be back for a while...
4	Semi hole in the wall restaurant in Chinatown.  Service was good probably because we were the only ones there at the time, mo worries three other fame came in when we were there...crab cakes were a little salty but still good.  Husband didn't like his potatoes, but eggs were delish...over good for off the strip breakfast.
4	This is a great breakfast joint to hit after a night of partying. A nice big country style breakfast to get you back in shape for another night out. I had the French toast, eggs and country potatoes. It was great!  Seating is limited so very large parties may have to wait.
5	Best country breakfast you can get!I usually am not a "let's go eat breakfast" type person, out of all the delicious meals of my day breakfast is normally the non existent one. I have eaten at a few of the other raved about breakfast spots in Vegas (Cracked Egg, Egg & I, Egg Works) and I think Maple Tree is just on a higher level overall. The ultimate for diner breakfast. The maple coffee was a nice sweet drink to try, and if you are a fan of maple and coffee obviously a must order. It was too sweet for me, but delicious anyway.The Monte Cristo half order I tried was delicious. My boyfriend and I split it to try, and I have to order a full portion for breakfast next time.I ordered the Prosciutto Benny and got so excited to see sliced, homecooked skillet potatoes on my plate! I hate how other breakfast places bake frozen seasoned potato cubes and try to call them skillet potatoes or breakfast potatoes. There were a few peppers and onions mixed into the potatoes also, yum!My Benny was a traditional Eggs Benedict but with some Prosciutto, I really enjoyed it. The only thing I wished for was a little more lemony flavors in my Hollandaise, possibly because of the salty Prosciutto. My english muffins were crispy on the outside but not crunchy or difficult to eat at all. Overall, I was extremely satisfied.Our service was great and it seems like they are all characters; our waitress was friendly, and I especially fell in love with our young hostess who wore her hoodie up until some important-ish looking person told her not to. I will be back, and soon!
4	So, we went here for breakfast on a Saturday.....Wanted somthing a bit less expensive than the hotel restaurant breakfast....read the reviews on Yelp and figured we'd give it a try!The food was really good... I ordered Eggs Benedict and my partner ordered the Vegi Skillet.I had the round potatoes on the side...those were excellent -- YUM, order them well-done lol -- Coffee was ehhh, typical...Each meal was right around $10 ~  We saw someone else with the french toast -- that looked YUMMY.So overall, I'd go back again....and would recommend ;)
2	Disappointed. I absolutely love finding great new breakfast joints. This was a cute place upon entering. Reminded me of someones grandma's house. But that's where the compliments end. We ordered french toast and an omelet and it was not tasty nor well prepared. I was looking for something to awaken my taste buds, especially for your first meal of the day. I got a greasy overcooked omelet and the french toast? Oh my, I might as well have popped in a frozen one from the grocery.
5	cinnamon rolls made fresh every morning. Red Velvet pancakes. Oh and the Breakfast sliders are wonderful.
3	This restaurant was one of the best places in Las Vegs for breakfast before the onset of economic downturn, but had reportedly deteriorated in recent years.  Fortunately, new ownership took over this past March with the intent to restore it to its prior glory.  Our waiter was the brother of the new owner and his aunt serves as chef.  The menu has not changed much except for an overall price increase.  We each ordered the New England Benny, poached eggs with Hollandaise sauce over twin crab cakes and English muffins accompanied by a choice of breakfast potatoes.  The meal was very good, but the crab cakes must have been on the Jenny Craig system because they were noticeably thinner than in the past.
3	So we were looking for a place other than baby cakes (dont wanna get tired of it don't think its possible but hey) This was near our house and got pretty good reviews. I had the Benedict Skillet with apple fritters, and my husband had the deep fried french toast. (Not the actual name ) The food was good nothing to write home to mom about. My hollandaise sauce was edible the potatoes under were really good. My husbands didn't really have too much flavor. Everything was waaaayyyy too expensive the food is definitely not worth the price. The apple fritters were really really good!
2	In my opinion this restaurant is way overrated. I was expecting greatness as per all of the Review Journal write ups, etc. Total maximum let down. I wanted the food to kick ass because it is close to my house, nope it ain't dope! FYI: They won't accept the two for one coupon that was printed in the 2011 Entertainment guide. I learned they have a small sign on the door that says no coupons accepted. Oops I missed that one on the way in, could have saved me an embarassing moment when the waitress went into her rant that the Entertainment guide group put them in without permission. Well shit, If I owned a business I would honor it rather than making a potential customer feel like they just comitted a crime by presenting a coupon. My bad I did not see the tiny index card of a note on the door so sue me! That is tacky anyways in my opinion.Anyways now let's get onto the food part...Had breakfast, Omelette and country potatoes with toast. Toast was over toasted and my denver style omelette was dry...come on really? Um not impressed, my pal ordered pancakes and sausage just ok. I expect better than ok from a restaurant that has as many rave reviews as it does. I understand we ordered simple...however if they are sub par on simple meals I can't imagine the outcome of anything else. We ate, we paid and will never look back...There are too many mind blowing restaurants in Vegas for breakfast to ever consider The Maple Tree as an option.Service sucked, food mediocre.They have good coffee that was the best part of our meal which is not saying much.
5	Great service! Great food! They have the best pancakes!
1	I dined here several months ago and thought I would throw my two cents in here. The place is decorated like your grandma's house in 1960. This might work if Maple Tree  was a separate house or cottage, but this joint is in a strip mall, so time to change the wallpaper dude. Of course, lousy wallpaper can be overlooked if the food is good. Perhaps I should have went for breakfast, but I was on a burger kick and me and a buddy went in for the Maple Burgers. This was supposed to have maple bacon, but i could not taste it - actually I could not even eat the thing and here is why. Ordering a well-done burger must bring out panic in some $10 hr grill guy's world because 60% can't cook it right, even when I say burn it. Well 45 minutes later with the place half-empty, still no burger. Eventually I had to ask for it to go and very lucky for maple Tree management that it went that route. I enjoy confronting owners and this burger after an hour was still not cooked to even a medium well. Fuming at my pad, I fired up my backup lunch and I wrote it off cause my buddy had paid,  but with the slow service, civil war-era decorations and lousy food, this place needs to be avoided.
3	This place serves up good homestyle breakfast.  I was pleased with everyhting we ordered.  One of my gal pals mentioned it should be called the greasy spoon because it's just that kind of grub.  Heavy, filling, breakfast comfort food.  Lots of country gravy to smother everything and options like, fried bread, biscuits, apple fritters and so on.  Not for the faint of heart.  I had the breakfast sliders.  They were buttermilk biscuits topped with eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, and all doused with country gravy.  Good stuff - no complaints.  We also ordered a side of 2 red velvet pancakes so we could give them a try.  They were delicious.  Fluffy and not too sweet.  Prices are reasonable and portions are large.
4	Cool little breakfast spot. Staff was really great. Nice atmosphere and country decor. We had the red velvet pancakes and the Monte Cristo. They were INSANELY good. If you aren't watching the calories go and try these. They also have a good selection of items for you if you are eating very healthy too, as I look forward to heading back there and trying the lighter options as well. A+
4	We had great service and great food.  A treat was the yummy coffee cake brought out while we waited for our meals.  Only on weekends we were told.  Be aware though, the Belgian waffle was topped with powdered sugar and very sweet.
4	Order the Monte Cristo, it is to die for... I love breakfast food and this has to be one of my all time favorite breakfast meals. Service is great in this quaint little breakfast place. I much prefer The Maple Tree's atmosphere, selection of menu items, and service over the larger, more crowded "Egg & whatever"/other breakfast restaurants around town.
1	I was sorely disappointed.  I had made a reservation for six for breakfast, which was not honored.  We waited over an hour for a table, then just as it was ready, if was given to another party.   The manager, waitresses, hostesses, etc. could not have been more inconsiderate or uncaring.  It was a special occaision, and my family was here from out of town.  We never got to have our meal, since there were planes to catch.  No apologies either from the restaurant.  I wrote separate letters to the owners and managers and did not receive a response.  I will never go to this establishment and tell everyone I know and meet not to visit this establishment.  There are a number of choices in this town for them to exhibit this behavior.
4	Found this place via Yelp!  It is in or near the Little Saigon community in a strip mall.  The restaurant is relatively small (seats ~30-40).I was looking for a great place for breakfast before the drive back to CA.  I got the french toast with side of eggs.  The wife got the breakfast sliders (basically a breakfast sandwich made with biscuits/gravy instead of toast/etc.).  She loved it and ate most of it.  The hash-browns were good - a little greasy/salty which was to be expected and really hit the spot after a weekend in Vegas.  The french toast was good.  Service was good, prices were reasonable.  One of my party members said the coffee was not very good and unless you need coffee, would probably opt for OJ or milk next time.  We will probably stop by again as there were a few other items on the menu that we would like to try (most notably the Monte Cristo).
4	Maple Tree is a cute smaller mom and pop shop. Searching for a good breakfast place with pancakes semi close by, Maple Tree was the winner. The place is cutely decorated in a "country" like style.We decided to go with the Corned Beef Hash, the Chili Skillet and a short stack of red velvet pancakes. The wait was a bit long for the food, but when we got there it started getting busy due to it being around lunch time.  The corned beef hash was delicious! The owner had told me that the hashbrown was finely incorporated with the corned beef. I was definitely pleased with my selection and when I tried the Chili skillet I loved everything about it also. There was enough cheese to make this cheese lover happy. The Red Velvet Pancakes might have been my all time favorite item though. The owner had said it was a bit sweet, which was true...no need to add syrup, but it was delicious. The cakes weren't too dense just the way I like them.Overall Maple Tree is a win, but service can be a bit slow especially during breakfast/brunch/lunch. It's definitely a good breakfast place and I know I will be back.
2	Okay we had a chance to check this place out. We ordered the RVP with a side of sausage and  biscuits with gravy side of scrambled eggs and ham. The RVP was good actually very good and the sausage was great. The biscuits with gravy were just okay, we've had better. It was more on the bland side. As far as the bill it came out $37, kinda steep for two people that only ordered that with water and juice to drink. Not sure if we will be back.
4	It's really more of a 3 and 3/4 stars. We went with a Groupon, but honestly it would have been pretty reasonable even without it. I ordered the Monte Cristo. It was very good. I would definitely come here again just for this. It was nice and crispy on the outside, melty cheese and tasty ham and turkey on the inside. My mom ordered the pancake plate with sausage and a fried egg. The pancakes are good. I am usually really fussy about pancakes so for me to like them is something else.  The sausage was very meaty, not at all like the the tiny little things you get at a certain chain breakfast place. My first cup of hot choco was good the second was not as chocolate infused as the first.So the not quite 4 stars is because of the service. We were seated and served in a modest amount of time. However, when it came to getting the check and a box for leftovers we waited just about as long as it took to seat and serve us. Entrance and execution were good, wrap up needs a bit of work.
4	The wife and I were out driving to the different casinos trying to play instead of pay. I told her to keep an eye out on places to eat. She spotted this place, and told me a bit about it. I haven't had a good Denver omelet in a long time. I was going to have it specially made with egg whites but I asked too late. (it was my fault, otherwise they would have) The omelet was still very good. The order came w/ potatoes and coffee. I actually couldn't eat all of the food, and THAT means something! We started with the fritter it looks like a apple turnover -turned inside out and covered with maple sugar. MMMM that was gooood! I wish they were open so I can get one. Plus(the reason for 4 stars): The waitresses worked together which you don't really see nowadays. Kept drinks filled! brought food fast ....the waitress saw my military Id card and offered a percentage off without asking. I hate asking. Neg.: I think they should update the furniture. (a mom & daughter checked the place out and said that before leaving) I can understand why they don't change the furniture, probably same reason I don't go to Denny's. I like the Homey type of feeling. They do sell homemade jam. I would like to have tasted it. Instead they have the prepackaged jam. [reason not a 5 star :( ] Next time I am going to buy some jam, I plan on coming here.
5	I can't wait to go back to Vegas to get breakfast here again!  Hubby and I were about to drive back to Cali and used Yelp! to find this little treasure away from the hustle and bustle of the Strip.  It's very cute and quaint inside and the staff were all super friendly and attentive.  It reminded me of the "mom and pop" diners back home in Texas.  The prices are very affordable.  When we sat down we were served a complimentary coffee cake (I think that's what it was).  I ordered the veggie benny and my husband got a skillet.  Everything was fresh and yummy.  The fried bread hubby got with his meal was like a dessert with powdered sugar and syrup.  I liked my meal so much, I immediately tried to make something similar when I got back home (it just wasn't the same as the restaurant's though).
4	So, continuing on with my quest to find the best Chicken Fried Steak in Las Vegas [plus the fact that my friend had a Groupon], I finally got around to trying this place. As we walked in, we noticed that they were already cleaning up the restaurant. Without realizing, we had accidentally come about half hour before their closing time. Feeling bad, we asked if that was OK and said that we had no problem coming back another day. However, they were more than happy to still have us eat there, which was nice [ I for one hate customers who come in an order at the last minute possible].Naturally, I ordered the CFS. For $10 you get the steak & gravy, two eggs, choice of potato, & choice of bread. The pricing was pretty decent. I got the apple fritter with mine, which I wasn't a big fan of. It was just too sweet for me. Maybe next time, I'll try the fried bread. As for the steak - it was good. Cooked well, and wasn't chewy or rubbery. The breading on it was a little more thick than I prefer, but had good taste. And the gravy was decent. Wasn't the best I've had - but it sufficed. While this place isn't my number one favorite for CFS, I'd still come back for their other food. Everything was cooked well and had flavor and service was great. It's a great place to go for breakfast.
4	I think there are alot of  great mom and pop breakfast places around town despite what some people say. You just have to find them ! The Maple Tree is right in the middle of China Town. It's a small cozy place that is an unassuming strip mall. It's not the fanciest place but the food is good!I started with their homemade apple fritter. It was huge ! In donut lingo it was almost as big as a bear claw....I do pretty well when it comes to donuts. There were little chunks of apples in it....yum! I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with the gravy on the side, and some home fried potatoes. The Chicken fried steak was nice and crunchy but a little on the salty side. The home fried potatoes were tasty.  They serve big portions here so bring your appetite! The service was great ! Our glasses were always full and the food came out quick!
3	Update: I have to say that the last time I went here it was just OK. Still good, but not necessarily worth traipsing across town for. We noticed the menu had changed slightly, and a friend told us the ownership had changed. It didn't seem too different, though; the character of the place seems to have been preserved. As others have noticed, the service can be very slow. Still an enjoyable place for breakfast if you're in the area!
2	Hubby and I were super excited try this place. We had heard great things about it. We bought a groupon back in May for it. We decided when we got there to order one lunch entree and one breakfast and share. Hubby got corn beef hash breakfast with fried egg and pancakes and an apple fritter. I got the chicken fried steak lunch with a salad with ranch. We also each got a maple iced coffee. My salad came out first, looked ok, started eating it and like 6-7 pieces of the lettuce were brown, slimy and rotten looking. Kinda grossed me out and I only ate a couple bites. The ranch was good...but not amazing like the waitress said. Food came out and looked ok. The chicken fried steak was good but NO Texas chicken fried steak and the gravy was yellow...what the heck??? Came with barely toasted bread and nasty frozen mixed veggies, hubby's food was just ok. The eggs weren't cooked right, and the pancakes were just ok. The corn beef hash was ok. Overall....NOT impressed. We used our groupon and will never go back.
1	Came here twice and was forgotten in the waiting area, even when the restaurant was half empty. Never coming back again!!!! Food can't be that good to be disrespected like that.
5	Had the deep fried breakfast burrito....best thing I've ever had for breakfast!  Also the pumpkin pancakes were delightful.  Service was great and prices were right, $25 including tip for two meals and a pancake on the side!
1	Out of Apple FritterOut of Fried  BreadOut of Country PotatoesAlmost empty ketchupNever fills up your drinks (I asked twice, and I still never got my water)Burned toastsDry baconWaited forever to get seatedWaited forever to orderWaited forever for the foodMisleading menuI can't believed that I got dragged here a second time. NEVER AGAIN!
2	**Summary**       - Seating - We arrived at 10:30 on a Saturday morning and had a 20 minute wait.       - Ordering - It took another 10 minutes to place an order. They had two waitresses and a bus boy for the entire place.       - Service - The staff is nice and pleasant. However, it took 30 minutes for the food to arrive and probably 5-10 minute each time we asked to refill water.       - Understaffed - The main reason I wouldn't come back. From walking into the door to food arriving at the table was an entire hour. The management must be horrendous.       - Availability - They were out of both fried bread and apple fritters. I ended up with their wheat toast that just tasted awful.       - False Advertising - A lot of the items on the menu say "sausage or bacon, and ham," but they actually mean "sausage, bacon, or ham."       - Home Cooking - The food does have a more home cooked feeling as compared to Denny's or IHOP. However, I don't know if the price hike and wait is really worth it.**Ordered**       - Red Velvet Pancakes - Three huge fluffy pancakes. The only reason I'd even think about coming back to this place. It was true carbicide.       - Starter Omelet - You get one meat, one cheese, and one vegetable. Nothing too special.**Recommendations**       - I'd say if you don't mind waiting and are really feeling like red velvet pancakes come here. Other than that, I'd stay away.
1	I have been to the Maple Tree twice and after reading the reviews it appears that some type of new ownership took over in the middle of 2011 so this review will only be on my most recent visit even though the issues I had previously were almost the sameArrivalArrived at 1:10 on a Sunday, there was a wait but since the sign states please wait to be seated by hostess we were not aware you needed  to walk to the back of the restaurant to tell them you wanted to be on the list. Either way about 10 minutes into waiting at the front door with 3 other parties a lady came up and asked if we were on the list. We informed her that no one came and put us on the list. She told me that it was not an issue they would have a table available soon. We were said about 5 minutes after that. Beverage ServiceAfter we were sat we waited about 5 minutes to have a beverage order taken. We ordered 2 iced teas and 2 root beers. The server brought out 2 teas that had almost all of the ice melted in them and 2 children's root beers for my sons (age 10 & 12) without any ice in them. We flagged down another server for a cup of ice to get our drinks chilled down. In regards to beverage service we were never offered ANY refills on the tea or soda for the remainder of the time we were sitting there. I did notice the staff walking through offering refills on coffee so I guess we should have gone that route.Food OrderWe placed our food order shortly after our beverages arrived so by my guess it was not about 20-25 minutes into our arrival at Maple Tree. We ordered the following items:Breakfast BurritoHam & Cheese Scramble w/ Apple FritterBiscuits & Gravy w/ side order of baconCountry Fried Steak w/ Apple FritterAs you can see NONE of these items are extremely difficult to make and it should NOT take 45+ minutes for them to arrive to the table. It is sad when my children realize that the order is taking WAY too long. Food QualityBiscuits & Gravy - When the food arrived the biscuits and gravy were cold (my girlfriend had to actually get up and take her plate to someone to have it remade since ALL of the staff was in the back because by this time the restaurant was closed). Country Fried Steak - They were only able to give us 1 apple fritter because they had run out so I was brought sourdough toast that had so much butter on it that it was soggy. I also ordered hash brown potatoes but I was served Country Potatoes and 1/2 of the potatoes were so undercooked they were not edible. Even with quality issue with the B&G and the PLUS 45 minute wait no one ever came to the able to offer an apology nor did anyone try to turn the situation around and save a customer.There is ZERO chance that I will ever go to the Maple Tree again!
2	This used to be one of our favorite places for breakfast, but the original owners sent it on the skids before selling out last year.   Our waitress took our orders and returned with a miniscule sample of a coffee cake "that just come out of the oven" though it was served at room temperature. We each ordered French toast stuffed with strawberry cream cheese and topped with strawberries.  The cream cheese filling was little more than a smear and the French toast itself was pretty ordinary.   Based on our experience on this trip and last, I feel the new owner needs to immediately address pricing (too expensive) and quality (disappointing) issues.
2	I wasn't really feeling this place. I was already turned off when the line was out the door and they refused to take names. I understand that they were completely inundated with Groupon holders who needed to redeem, but a waitlist would go a long way. Instead, everyone was forced to stake their place in line waiting for a seat. They called groups based on group size according to how big a table they had available instead of first come first serve, which was also a bit off-putting.After a 45 minutes wait, my mom and I were finally seated. Our drink and food orders were taken right away. We looked around and no one had food. Not a good sign. The staff was clearly overwhelmed with the large crowd and did their best to remain cheerful. We waited, and waited and waited. Finally our orders came out about 50 minutes after we ordered. We were starving at this point and just ate quickly and wanted to get out of there. They forgot my fritter, so I just had them package it to go. The food was ok, nothing amazing but I do highly recommend the fritter. It was fresh and tasty. Everything else was just basic breakfast fair. The place is incredibly small and a better organizational system would do wonders for them. Pleasant enough staff. I probably won't be back though.
2	Let me start off by saying the first time I ate here I enjoyed it but every time after has been worse and worse. The food for the most part is average with the exception of the fry bread, cinnamon rolls, and apple fritter. Don't hold your breathe in getting one of these though as it seems they always run out extremely quickly. The last time I came here I decided it would be the last. My party of 4 waited an hour for our food. There was no apology and our waitress seemed to have an attitude with us when we questioned where our food was. I like to support family run businesses but never again for this one!
4	One day on yelp I was searching my area for places that served good breakfast to narrow down the search I was in the mood for something different, red velvet pancakes. I stumbled upon The Maple Tree Cafe, they had pretty good reviews on yelp and they were only a fifteen minute drive from my house, so I figured my mom, boyfriend and myself would go for a nice brunch. The service was friendly and the restaurant itself was small, but reminded me of my hometown in england. The menu was simple and effective. The red velvet pancakes were amazing and a must have for any red velvet lovers out there. Tried some of their apple fritter...if you like deep fried, you will want to eat at least five of them! The only things were if you want sunny side up eggs ask them to cook them reasonably longer, my boyfriend ordered them extra crispy on the bottom and the sunnyside up was a little too raw for his taste. I did ask for the maple cream cheese sauce on the side and it wasn't when it was brought out, luckily for them it wasn't drowning in the sauce, nicely drizzled. However, we are very excited to go back and try MORE menu items!!
4	I've been here a few times already. This morning I took my parents out for breakfast armed with a Groupon. It was for 2 entrees up to $10 ea and two drinks up to $3 each for the very low price of $12, oooh yeah!The place has a very modest interior. It's definitely styled like a little country cafe with fake flowers, wooden tables, random pictures hanging on the walls, and little trinkets on the shelves. The menus are huge (literally) with a good variety.  I couldn't fully open mine without it overlapping my dad's right next to me. They even have some specials posted on a board that aren't on the actual menu, so make sure to check those out! My mom went with "The Frita" skillet (spinach, choice of meat and style of potatoes topped with cheese and eggs, served with choice of carbs) for $8.99. My dad ordered the Huevos Rancheros ($7.99), which was on the "daily specials" board, so don't expect to find it on the actual menu. I ordered the Country Fried Steak ($9.99) served with eggs, potatoes, and choice of carbs (pancakes, apple fritter, fried bread, or toast). We also ordered two coffees and an OJ. They weren't stingy at all with the coffee refills either; we probably got about 3 each.The entrees were all huge! I didn't realize how big they normally were because I split a plate the last couple times I came. None of us finished our entrees, but mainly just the potatoes and eggs. The Country Fried Steak was delicious. This is probably the first time I've ever ordered it for myself since I usually just take a bite of someone else's. I was told it was one of the best Country Fried Steak dishes in Vegas though, so I wanted to try it and I was not disappointed. It was thick, perfectly breaded, and came smothered in country gravy. I know lots of people don't like when things are smothered in sauce, but I do (depending on what kind of sauce). Some of the country potatoes were a little burnt around the edges, but I like crunchy potatoes, so I can't complain about that either. My mom's Frita looked pretty tasty, but I didn't try any of it. It was served in a little skillet and the first thing my mom said when she took a bite was, "Oh, it's pretty good!" My dad's plate came with two Huevos Rancheros served on tostadas, rice, and beans. The rice looked like they tried to serve it in a small ball, but it must've fell apart and the beans had cheese on top, but it wasn't melted at all. I'm sure they put the cheese on top of the beans right before they brought it out though because I remember hearing one of the chef's saying, "No, the cheese on the beans. The cheese needs to go on top of the beans!" The apple fritter I ordered with my meal was pretty tasty...on the inside. The outside was a little too sweet for my taste since it was fried and covered in glaze. Overall, I would consider this place to be a local gem. A lot of the food is pretty heavy, but they also have a "lighter fare" section on the menu, so you don't have to force your buttons to explode. The prices are also decent. The breakfast entrees range from $2-$13 (don't expect to get much for $2 though) and they also have daily specials.Tips*-THEY ARE CLOSED ON MONDAYS! The first two times I tried to eat here just happened to be on Mondays, so I ended up eating at Nanay Glorias next door. -Look out for the daily specials that are posted on a little sign at your table AND on the board when you just walk in. They both have different specials though, so you have to look at both-Post a review on Yelp.com and get a complimentary egg breakfast on your next visit!-Breakfast special 7am-9am Mon-Fri: Egg Breakfast:  $3.991 Pancake, 2 Eggs, Meat:  $3.992 Eggs, Toast, Potatoes:  $1.991/2 Monte Cristo (A La Carte):  $4.99
4	Groupon breakfast!!! Came here with a friend who loves breakfast. I've been trying to find more country style breakfasts in the area since I get a little homesick sometimes. The inside of the restaurant is quite cute and reminds me of some of the restaurants back in Roswell, GA that I frequented as a child. The menus took us a while to browse. My friend had the biscuits and gravy and I had the country fried steak and eggs. Our server was really nice and friendly and took our Groupon right away (which I like cuz then it's not sitting there getting food on it). My entree came with a side so I picked the apple fritter (which was a pleasant surprise since it was huge and crispy and delicious). The meal was quite awesome and a pleasant surprise since I wasn't sure what to expect of a country style breakfast place in the middle of China Town. Will definitely be back the next time I'm homesick.
1	Middle of the week, not very many customers, and the service was slow. Food was average, but did notice food not eaten by customers. Found burnt onion peel in scrambled eggs and hash browns.  I think this cafe has a new chef, the waitress had to keep telling him he was doing ok. The chef kept yelling "Food up" and the whole cafe could hear him, get a small bell or light, not that pleasant. I do not know how this could be the best of Las Vegas?
5	I thought of going down to 4 stars for the coffee (it isn't great), but  the amazing breakfast specials and great food definately make up for it. The service was excellent as well.
2	Had a coupon from kshp for this place....under new ownership, I think these ones one last long either.  This is a one and done for me.  I eat out at least 40 meals a month so I know my food.  First off the decor is fine, cute little place.  Service was fine, pleasant waitress.  Coffee average, but when I saw their specialty was an apple fritter made in ThisFABULOUS maple syrup, I was so excited as I consider myself a donut junky.  Omg then it arrived, there is noooooo way this is even made on the premises, it looked like one of those doughy Vons fritters, annnnnnnnnnnnd they charge $3.99 for it.  Worst item ever for the money at a restaurant.  Breakfast burrito was mushy and the eggs my friend ordered were undercooked.  To top it all off they charged an extra $8.99 omelet to my check (by accident ) they said.  Would definitely say stay out of koreatown for this meal.
4	I love breakfast, so when my friend brought me here I was excited! For such a small place, it sure has an extensive menu with a lot of choices! This restaurant reminded me of the small country kitchens you might see in the movies where there are a lot of regulars, and everyone knows each other's name and what they like. I had the biscuits and gravy, and it was fantastic! Not too salty, and just the right amount of gravy over the huge biscuits. Our server was sweet and very attentive without being overbearing. I will definately be coming back!
1	When we got in there is a sign that says "wait to be seated", so we waited. The place was pretty empty and the one waitress was chatting with a table. After a few minutes she looked over at us and just told us sit anywhere. Rude! I got the big breakfast which is pretty much a sample of every staple. Bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, country potatoes, toast. Everything tasted like nothing. Except the potatoes they were chard. My hubby got pancakes which were equally tasteless. When I went to pay the bill The waitress asked me how everything was and I told her. As she was running my card she says "Oh, you should have told me earlier. i would have done something". Guess what, you could do something now and not charge me. I will never EVER be back to this place.. EVER!
4	Waking up at 5:30am is a new habit of mine. I try to be as healthy as possible and go to the gym. Afterwards, I am a ravenous fiend and it is hard to not give in to breakfast. By the time I am finished, it is 8am and there is not many options in Chinatown for breakfast. Usually mixed reviews scare me, but I want to experience a place before completely dismissing an establishment.It is one of those come expecting nothing and leaving with everything type of encounters. Breakfast places tend to not be the healthiest, so I do not even pretend that it is low in calories. I ordered a Veggie Omelet($9.99) minus cheese add avocado. Cheese and I have a love hate relationship. When it comes to omelets, I prefer the green stuff to give my meal a velvety texture. The vegetables are not overflowing, but had a nice mix of tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and bell peppers. The egg mixture was fluffy yet solid which was impressive. Usually tomatoes and mushrooms release water making the omelet runny, but not here. It kept it's shape well and was delightful. A side of home fries or hash accompanies it. Don't forget about the toast, fried bread, or apple fritter. I got the last item and it was good. I have my dad to blame for my love of this fried treat since childhood. The fry each one to order then slather on the icing. When it arrives, it is pipping hot and needs a minute to cool. Trust me, those two minutes are the most excruciating. Once past magma stage it is great except the middle was not cooked all the way.My waitress was the only one working today. If it was busy, this would be problematic. Since there were three other tables besides myself, she was attentive. I didn't get that "welcome to my house" feel everyone was talking about, but it was cozy. Check out the specials on Tuesday-Friday. There is a list of options for under $5. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qjLlFfu2pnJ9lVYlj-4QVg?select=OSaZJITQDnMHu9sP7UVQwg
4	Worth the drive from the strip if you have a car. Don't be put off that it is in a strip mall. It was definitely a hidden gem. All in the party enjoyed it. Only problem for me was what to choose on their extensive menu. PB&J waffle or the Works waffle or the much awarded Monte Cristo. Good value as many come with several sides.  Nice cozy family run business with great service. I'll be back
5	Best monte cristo I've ever had. Portion was large enough that 2 people could share it.
4	I'm not really a breakfast man cause waking up in the early hours just isn't in my possibilities but I often get dragged out for breakfast with my girlfriend so all is lost. We decided on the Maple tree because we haven't been here before and it had some good reviews on Yelp. It was very quaint inside. The service was great and very friendly. Which is always a plus for me since I love good service. I had the french toast breakfast and it was very good. I would recommend this restaurant to my friends as it was fairly priced and food quality was great. The service was excellent and that's perfect in my eye's. If your looking for a good breakfast spot this is just as good as any other breakfast location.The Vegas Villain
1	We went there last Sunday for breakfast. Husband ordered the Ham Steak breakfast with eggs, potatoes & toast (dry). Toast came out with butter, ok not really that big a deal right! I ordered biscuits & gravy & added bacon & eggs (ordered poached). The biscuits & gravy & bacon came out, no eggs...I asked the girl about the eggs, she went to the back. She finally came out with them & they were fried eggs. The biscuits had such a strong yeast taste & the gravy was bland & expensive for the quality. We won't be back for sure! Unfriended them on FB as well!
4	Food is always good at the Maple Leaf
5	I ordered several catering items for a large event I was hosting.  We did an italian theme.  I ordered the chicken parmesan and blackened chicken alfredo.  Both were great.  Alfredo had plenty of chicken and the chicken breast used in the parmesan were so tender and large!  I would definetly recommend
4	It wasn't difficult to find, however the area it's self was kind of sketchy.Inside it was nice and cozy -- we went on a Wednesday at 8:45am.  We wanted to avoid the going to work crowd and the lunch crowd.There were only two tables taken and the waitress told us to sit anywhere.  She was very friendly and offered us a few suggestions since it was our first time there.My husband already knew what he was having as that was basically our main purpose for going there and it was for him to taste the Red Velvet Pancakes that he had read about in a magazine.The waitress mentioned that their chili was homemade and really good so I got the chili cheese omelet and my mom went with the standard scrambled eggs and crispy bacon.I also ordered the maple coffee, which was a little sweet for me but I usually drink my coffee black.Service was quick.  My husband totally loved the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Chili was in fact really good and the omelet was fluffy.My mom was happy they got the bacon crispy, which is something she always complains about.We will definitely come back on our next vacation to Las Vegas.I took pictures, wish I knew how to upload them =(Figured out how to add the pictures of the Red Velvet Pancakes and the Chili Cheese Omelet.....it's attached now.
4	Best Monte Cristo and Red Velvet Pancakes! Another customer there was telling me he is a great fan of the buck wheat pancakes.Friendly service one of my favorite places to have breakfast.
4	First time guest,service was average,food was great. Monte Cristo and Red Velvet pancakes very decadent and completly worth the calories.
3	Stopped by after reading some of the reviews.....good sized portions but the quality is below par...service is great though! All of the girls are very friendly.
5	What? 3 stars only? This place is gold!!!!I stumbled upon this place years ago, when I lived around the corner. And fell in love! Sure, it's small and can be cramped on the weekend--- but that makes it cozy! The decorations are quaint and cute, making it feel like a dining room from a B&B rather than a restaurant smack in the middle of a strip mall.The servers here are nothing but friendly. It's a small, local place, so everyone knows each other. I went so many times that each server started to recognize me.  But what really clinches this place is the food. Heavenly breakfasts, my favorite meal, Every time, I order the maple french toast--- soo good! Add to that a maple muffin, and it's sweet carb heaven. They used to serve great sausages here, too, but changed the menu. Disappointing, but wouldn't keep me away!I recently moved to L.A., and have yet to find a replacement for Maple Tree. It sucks, because it was our tradition to go here every weekend. I can't wait to go back, next time I'm in town!
3	My first time here. Had to use a groupon I bought. This is a mom and pop type of dining, cute setting, small and busy. The servers were very friendly, maybe a little too much. Almost every couple minute someone would come up and say is everything okay? I ordered the Big Breakfast with a side of Red Velvet Pancakes. I ordered that because I was originally going to order the Pancakes by itself and add some food to it. The way the menu was written, it seemed like I would get 2 eggs, 2 sausage or bacon, hash brown for $2 but the server said it's actually $2 per item which is quite pricey. The pancake was alright, it was my first time trying a red velvet pancake.My bf ordered the Chicken and Waffles and he said it was too plain for him. The chicken had no taste to it and was very dry.The OJ was very good and fresh.
4	Good breakfast place, excellent service.I used the Yelp deal here, which was no problem at all.I would go back here for sure.The place did miss the WOW factor, which gives it 4 out of 5 stars.  The  Breakfast Burrito was decent sized, but what I didn't like was the grease in the bottom of the burrito. I wouldn't order that again, but would go back and try something new.
3	I've had a Groupon for months and I let it expire.  This was my first time using an expired Groupon for its original cost rather than what it would be worth and thinks went smoothly.I had plans this morning that fell through because of the strong winds.  What to do?  Stop somewhere for breakfast.  Since I had the Groupon, why not get the value out of the original purchase.I've driven by the Maple Tree a number of times so it was a piece of cake to get to.  There were only two other tables occupied as it was getting close to 10:30.  The server told be I could sit anywhere I wanted and I chose a table near the kitchen doors with a view of the front of the place.On the way in, I noticed there was a special today--red velvet waffle.  I ordered that along with sausage links.  When the waffle was brought from the kitchen, it looked like a regular waffle.  The young woman said something along the lines of, "It looks brown but there's a bit of red there.  It's red velvet."  We both chuckled.The waffle was served with their maple flavored cream cheese and toasted pecans.  There was also a small container of maple syrup which really wasn't needed.  While the waffle didn't look like red velvet, it did taste like it and it was quite good.  The sausage links were very hot and good and my coffee was refilled anytime I needed.  Service was very good and the two young women were very pleasant.This is off the beaten path for me.  Normally I'm on my way home in the evening when I'm coming through this section of Chinatown and since they're open for breakfast and lunch, this will be only an occasional stop.
3	UPDATE---- The place got sold :(This is no longer the restaurant that I raved about. The menu, service, decor... everything is different. It's not the worst dining experience I've ever had, but it pales steeply in comparison to how Maple Tree used to be. I'll always hold a spot for you in my heard, Old Maple Tree
5	The sign on the window says 'Countryside Kitchen' and it's on the money. Even though the location is a bit out of place (the edge of Las Vegas' Chinatown), as someone from the South, I felt very home with the staff and decor. And the food!  The food was great!I definitely recommend this little cafe for those wanting a taste of home.
3	This review is based on the "new" Maple Tree since the Restaurant Impossible makeover this week. We went for dinner last night at around 7:30. I had never been to the Maple Tree before but was excited to try it out to see what had been done. I saw pics of what it used to look like and I loved the new decor and look of the place. The outside needs updating and they are in a pretty awful looking plaza on the corner of Spring Mountain and Jones. We were seated right away as it was not very busy, I guess they have never been a dinner spot so this is all new to them... and it showed.Before I get into food... the service needs work. They need to pay attention and listen when orders are placed and they should really take the time to learn the new menu... I understand its only a day but you don't know if there is sauce on the burger or not? The funniest moment came when one of the busser girls walked by and asked if I would like a refill on my soda (that I hadn't even ordered but was brought to me anyway). I said no thank you I'm ok, so she asked if she could take the glass... there was still a good amount of soda in it! I kind of looked at her confused and said no I would like to finish that. The biggest negative for service for me was that they had way too many staff there (not sure if this was because of  the show) but their servers and hosts were all huddled up by the hostess stand talking at the front of the restaurant. Even one of the girls that looked like she might be a manager or something was there as well.On to the food... I was pretty surprised that for a place known for its breakfast food that they now have a full dinner menu (created by Robert Irvine I'm sure) but not what we were expecting at all. Was actually a bit disappointed because I was hoping for breakfast food. I ordered the burger ($10 w/ bacon added) and my girlfriend ordered the steak ($14). The steak was a "baseball cut" and had good flavor but wasn't a great cut of meat. The $10 filet at Firefly is a much better buy. The burger (beef/short rib) that the waitress asked if "medium-well" was ok came out well done. I'm pretty sure it was supposed to have cheese according to the menu and I don't eat tomatoes but they were pretty ugly looking tomatoes. The saving grace of the burger was the awesome thick cut bacon on top! Delicious! The fries had the look and taste of store bought frozen fries, but I could be wrong.I believe that with a few minor changes this place could do better! I don't know if the dinner menu is going to save this place though. A more well trained staff would be a huge next step after the beautiful interior renovation that was done. I would also highly recommend they work on the store front as well.
5	Restaurant Impossible has done well for this place. Located in a strip mall, they only have about 15 quad tables in one open room.  I had the country fried steak and eggs up with hash browns.  They didn't have any biscuits made, so I got the apple fritter to-go.  The steak is advertised on the menu as pan fried and I thought it was pan fried but the chef who I talked to later said it was deep fried. The steak was thick and breaded just right.  The seasoning was good.  The hash browns were crispy and seasoned good.  You can tell the potatoes were turning color before they were cooked.  Maybe they can find a way to stop the color change.  The white sausage gravy was good too.  I thought this was one of the best CFS I have had.  I talked to the chef later to recommend putting the steak on top of the gravy to present the crispy golden brown steak instead of smothering it with gravy.  She said she would try it and see what it looks like.  That's when she said it's deep fried. Oh well... regardless how it's described in the menu, I enjoyed it either way.The apple fritter is made from scratch and is fried to order, so I did have to eat some of it while it was fresh out of the fryer.  It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Just melts in your mouth good.This restaurant will be on Restaurant Impossible in the near future.  Check out what Robert Irvine started with and what they ended up with.  A good surprise.
2	the red velvet pancakes were horrible and brown, and potatos were over cooked and bland.. would not recommend
1	We decided to try this place again, yesterday. I looked online at the new menu (I need to plan ahead and try to see what would do the less damage to my new restricted diet guidelines). BTW, I had gotten a message from the new manager about coming back after my last review (disappointing bread crumbs filled crab cakes lacking lump crab meat; a huge change from previous visits). We were planning on using the entertainment coupon (which they still do accept). However, yesterday was a packed house. (Immediately, we noticed the new decor and theme of the restaurant- it's gone yuppy (black paint and sleek modern lines), kinda like the Luxor when it dumped the Egyptian theme; a shame, because there was an old country charm about it before, kinda like the unchanged original Omelet House). We opted to sit at the bar (warning: small stools), but it was facing the sun, so it was warm (even with the blackout shade); my husband got uncomfortable really quick. As we were looking at the menus, I noticed that there numerous changes to the menus, not reflected online (update, please!). We were sitting for a good eight minutes, but were ignored by the wait staff. Another patron sat next to us at the bar. Almost immediately, his drink order was taken (we didn't get any acknowledgement, except from the hostess, upon entering the restaurant). My husband got up, and declared to me that we were leaving. So, with that, we'll never be back.
4	Took my staff here for lunch on Friday after hearing about the RI update.  I'm anxious to see the show, but I'm happy to give it my thumbs up.Service is quick and attentive.  Servers are friendly and spoke briefly with the owner to ask how things were going since the filming and she indicated that things were better than before, but some changes were still in process.  We arrived at about 12:30 and the place was fairly busy.  I don't know if they were serving dinner that evening, but we elected to order from the B/L menu.Overall ratings from the group wereRed Velvet Pancakes ++ better than mostMonte Cristo ++ really nicely doneCorned Beef Hash ++ some of the best I've hadHeuvos Ranchero ++ Nice presentation, great portionOnce again, everything was quite good.  Service was quick and friendly and the new decor is very new and clean.  We were all impressed and will be back again...perhaps for dinner next time.
2	We've been going to the same places for Saturday breakfast so we decided to try this Cafe as a change because I remember going there years ago with my father.  The decor is nice and modern but that's about it. We sat down and waited 10 minutes before someone asked if we had placed a drink order. There were probably 10 people seated so it wasn't busy. I ordered the New England Benny which was good but my wifes Country Fried Steak looked like a thick cut piece of pot roast that was breaded and fried. It was very dry and stringy. My daughters Red Velvet pancakes where dry as well even with cream cheese frosting. The food was ok but the faults lie in the wait staff. They werent rude, just absent. We had to ask 2 times for sugar (which isnt on the table) for my wife's ice tea and thank goodness for ordering water cause after finishing our drinks no one even bothered to check and see if we needed refills or even how our meal was. We say or waitress 3 times total. Once to order both our drinks and meal cause we had more then enough time to look and 2 times when she dropped off our meals. That was it. The only time we had prompt service is when my wife spilled her water and a server magically appeared with a towel next to me. The part that I found to be very awkward was when the check came. I handed the hostess my card, she returned with the paper for me to sign and just awkwardly stood at the table and waited for my wife to fill out the paper. That has never happened to us before. It felt like we were being hussled out. And when we left and past the hostess she didn't even acknowledge us on the way out. I'm a chef at a five star hotel on the strip and if this had happened at one of our restaurants the staff would be terminated. I hope that the problems that I saw (which are just my own opinion) get fixed cause this new Maple Leaf Cafe has potential.
1	Horrible service in every area today. We waited at the host stand for over 4mins as well as another party; they sat themselves but we waited. Finally sat we waited for drinks for several mins. We ordered the breakfast burrito and the spring rolls. Well the spring rolls were way over cooked and the breakfast burrito was made with sausage instead of bacon like it was ordered. The hash browns were burnt as well. After in forming the server she looked at us and just shrugged her shoulders like oh well! She did bring the food back to the kitchen and explained to the cook about the food and we heard the cook say it's not burnt they don't know what their talking about. The food came back cooked ok but not anything like we were used to before the remodel. We loved this place but now we won't be back!
2	Not terrible, but definitely JUST OKAY. My husband had a Ham & Cheese Omelette with Hash Browns and Sourdough Toast with a side of Fried Bread. I had the Maple Tree French Toast which is cornflake coated. The bread used for my French Toast was very small and thin. The cornflakes weren't crushed enough. There were just cornflakes randomly pressed into the bread. I have had French Toast that is cornflake coated before and it's a lot more fine and the French Toast is COATED. The Maple Syrup was nothing special at all. The Fried Bread was just fine. Service was super awesome, yummy Iced Tea, and very cute decor. Overall, the food wasn't terrible, but was mediocre and nothing special... at all.
5	I have been eating at this restaurant for years. I've seen many changes... new owners... new menus.. new decor. Honestly, I've seen a pleasant improvement here. The service was top notch the last few visits. [Always a full drink. Quick service. Quality menu.  The servers always ask about the quality of the meal.] I feel like they actually care about their restaurant and their customers. I really enjoyed the Denver Omelet. The Maple Coffee is pretty amazing (and has been a favorite of mine for a while). I also recommend the Apple Fritters if you are looking for some comfort food :). I am very happy to see this place succeed and progress.
4	Ok, so I guess the before and afters (Restaurant Impossible, that is) do this place a bit of justice, at least when it comes to the decor.  Otherwise, it seemed like it was the same food...not that I had a problem with the food to begin with.I was there for the Restaurant Impossible episode and ordered a whole slew of food.  Everything from lunch to breakfast.  When I say everything, I mean it.  See below for the list of ordered items:Grilled chicken spinach salad--onions, feta, tomato, and bacon vinaigrette dressing on the side California Omelet--egg whites, bacon, tomato, avocado with potatoes on the sideSide of bacon*Gluten Free specialties*Chicken Fried Steak with gravyRed Velvet Waffles (complete with pecans and cream cheese)Red Velvet Pancakes (complete with pecans and cream cheese)Did I say that this was for three people?  Lol.  Oh man, my boyfriend, Jude N, and friend Nicole B, had a field day.  Since I confirmed for three of us, we ate to our heart's delight.  Did I feel like a fat@#$$ afterwards?  Definitely.  However, it was worth it.  Almost everything was amazing.  The bacon was a bit singed, the steak and gravy a bit dry, and the GF Red Velvet waffles were also dry.  Otherwise, I thought that everything else was pretty tasty.  The salad was delicious (love a good salad), potatoes were pretty good, the omelet was so huge that I was thankful we were sharing.  Soooooo good.  We devoured the pancakes in less than five minutes.  I guess the fact that the decor was (as other Yelpers so eloquently put it) straight out of the 70s and the service was a bit slow, but otherwise, I enjoyed my meal.  Can't say the same for the rest of the patrons that were there for the taping.However, my boyfriend and I recently returned to see what had happened as a result of Restaurant Impossible coming in.  Glad to say that the decor is more hip/trendy and not a sight for sore eyes.  They moved the hostess booth to the front vs. having it toward the back.  Also, it just feels more roomy in the restaurant/cafe.  We changed up our orders this time and opted for the Steak and Eggs, Gluten Free Red Velvet Pancakes w/ pecans and cream cheese, Veggie omelet--egg whites, onion, green peppers, mushrooms, tomatoes--with a side of potatoes, as well as a side of bacon.  We almost ate all of it, except that I took home some potatoes and another order of pancakes (free with check in).  This time, zero complaints whatsoever.  They cooked the steak medium (per Jude's instructions) and it was pretty juicy/tasty.  The bacon was definitely more on the crispy side, instead of being burnt.  They definitely made the omelet the way I wanted it, egg whites vs. regular eggs, and triple checked to see that we wanted the Gluten Free Red Velvet pancakes, which were phenomenal.  Zero complaints, for sure.  I liked that they were pretty attentive, chatty, and were more than willing to sub in gluten free pancakes for the regular ones, in case we chose to do so, since that's one of their new check in deals.All in all, I'll be coming back.  The location is definitely what is killing them, since they're surrounded by so many other food choices in Chinatown.  But if you're wanting Gluten free deliciousness, I definitely would give this place a try.  Not only do they have some affordable prices, but their food is quite tasty.  Make sure to sign up on their email list in case you want coupons or deals sent to your inbox.  Til next time.
5	Never noticed this place until my mom told me Restaurant Impossible was coming in to fix them up! Its right by my house! I finally tried it over the weekend first time ever I had red velvet pancakes in my life! It was something I wish I could have every morning for breakfast it was that good! The waitress was very nice and a pleasure to have, Im sure Robert played a role in it, we will be back for sure as regular customers! AND ITS CHEAPER SAME QUALITY AS IHOP!
3	Cute place mostly due to the restaurant impossible makeover.  Food was good not great.  My girl and I love local spots vs the trendy hot spots in the malls and casinos so we will probably support one of their locations.  strangely enough the staff seemed a bit nervous and confused but our service was spot on just a bit strange.  to add to the peculiar visit, our check arrive at the table before our main entrees...strange...confusing but no big deal.  My lady had the country fired steak and eggs and i the pulled pork. both very good and piping hot out of the kitchen.  sliders were very good as well.  fries were super hot and delicious however i noticed some folks with fresh cut fries and we had the old frozen fried numbers.  we will ask about that on the next visit.  menu selections look fantastic and based on our experience today we are excited to try a few more of the offerings.  hopefully the restaurant impossible culture shock will wear off next trip
1	Horrible!  Horrible!  HORRIBLE!!!  If you are going to this restaurant due to seeing it on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE, don't bother!  It's not worth it!  My husband and I were there today (Oct. 1, 2012) at 12:30 pm.  It took about 5-10 minutes after we were seated to get our drinks ordered.  Then our food order was taken. FIFTY MINUTES later, we were STILL waiting for our food!  People who came in well after us got their hot food while we sat there!  We finally got up and left, paying for our drinks, and got lunch elsewhere.  The pre-pubescent "server" with short, blond hair (Hayley??)  couldn't have cared less and had a crappy attitude!  Robert Irvine needs to come back and kick some butt, though I doubt this would help with this staff who obviously don't care about the customers.  I agree with someone else's comment that this place needs to be on Restaurant Stakeout!  Once the "thrill" of seeing this place on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE wears off, I give this place six months tops before it's gone.   I wish I could give this place less that one star as a one is WAY too high!   Don't bother coming here.  This place DESERVES to fail!  Definitely won't be back!NOTHING was done to try to make up for the issue.  One would think that we would have been told not to worry about our drinks. !   Nope.  NOTHING.   My husband is a diabetic.  He had already taken his insulin thinking that we'd have our food within 20 minutes at the latest....not be sitting there FIFTY MINUTES later without food!  We had to get him something to eat. The owner just gives a lot of EXCUSES, just like she did on RESTAURANT: IMPOSSIBLE.  I can handle an APOLOGY (which we DID NOT get!); not incompetence!   The fact that this place barely has three starts should tell you something.  NOT worth going to!
4	The Gluten Free community needs more restaurants like this!!Another great find on the Gluten Free Registry. On our last day in Vegas, I searched for a "breakfast house" that specialized in or at least catered to Gluten Free ingredients and preparation. The Maple Tree Cafe has so many items that can be ordered gluten free. I decided to try the Red Velvet Waffle and it was fantastic! Flavor and texture was just as if I was eating a regular waffle. My daughter ordered the regular red velvet pancakes and loved she loved those as well. My husband took a bite of each and commented that the gluten free tasted better to him. Big surprise, because he swears he will always know the difference. There are 3 in the Vegas area, I say they need to expand to Ca.
2	We came here for late breakfast..early lunch.. And I have to say I'm disappointed with all the hype my friends have for the joint. I got the cinnamon roll french toast and coffee. It didn't come with eggs, potatoes, meats nada.. Wait it came with an orange slice. Here's the kicker.. It cost me $14!! So many better places where I can get a huge breakfast for less. I'm actually still a little hungry :(
4	Watched the episode and decided to try this place. I lived in Vegas for 13 years and moved back to Calfornia so have explored many many restaurants in town. This is a definite must try.  Breakfast is great and I believe reasonable for the servings. Their menu is creative and I hope they continue to improve to become a great 'sleeper' restaurant in town for locals and even those looking to go 'off strip' for a different experience.
2	Went there years ago, did not like the ambience. Went there few weeksa ago and liked the ambience. However, my hashbrowns were half raw and the toast was the 69 cent kind that was as small as the palm of my hand, and smaller, it was processed not whole wheat and had something resembling butter barely drizzled on it. The coffee was weak and not at all good. The egg whites were good. Service good, but waitress could have smiled once or twice. I would never go here again, Try Cracked Egg. They have sourdough toast that is delicious and the coffee, the best!!
4	I didn't get the Monte Cristo but my friend did. He let me try a piece and it was actually pretty good. Especially the maple sauce :D! I'm not a fan of ham too much, though, just sometimes. But not bad.I simply got an egg breakfast and it was pretty typical. Probably would have to try other varied stuff in the future.Monte Cristo is definitely a must try. Ask them for recommendations. They will tell you what's most popular.Service was expected. Nothing too over the top. They were nice enough and if I needed anything, I felt comfortable enough to ask. Water didn't taste very nice, though :b.
4	I liked the Gluten Free Red Velvet Waffle, it was a little dry, but hey, can't be too picky for GF! Bree was GREAT. In case you haven'y caught on, my family and I can be a handful. Luckily, we had the place to ourselves for the first hour. Bree joked with us, and tolerated my Mom's weird coffee/food issues. Food was plentiful, hot, and we got everything just how we asked for it!
2	In Vegas for the weekend was told this had the best breakfast. Sad to say that is not what we got. Arrived on a Sunday around 11. We were seated and a drink order was taken right away. After the drinks came and we ordered food it took about 20 minutes for the food to come out. When it arrived it was Luke warm. I had the monte cristo which was good but the meat inside was cold as though it had just been taken out of the cooler. My husband had the kielbasa breakfast which was decent but the potatoes were room temperature. I would not go out of my way to eat here again.
4	We decided to give this place a try for breakfast. The restaurant was popping but luckily there was one table open and so we didn't have to wait.The decor is very nice. It is tiny inside but the tables are laid out nicely. I started out with a cup of coffee. That led to 2 more cups because it was delicious. Then it was time to order my meal. I had a hard time deciding between a few things but  finally decided on the "Maple Tree French Toast". It had some sort of corn flake batter it was cooked in and I would totally order it again! It doesn't come with any sides but they are generous with the french toast you wont go home hungry. I did order a side of bacon because bacon is too tasty and I wanted to try theirs out :)The server as well others checked on us often and were very kind. The other people in my party were very pleased with their meals too! I will for sure be back to The Maple Tree!
5	Visited before the remodel wasn't planning on returning, watched restaurant impossible decided to come back and give the place another try and it was AWESOME!!! Everything was great keep it up!!!
2	Didn't leave an impression on me.Came here for lunch today because my coworker saw them on the show "Restaurant Impossible" on the food network, so I was expecting to be somewhat blown away.  Unfortunately I wasn't. The restaurant is located in Chinatown. This particular location has horrible parking. When we walked inside, I was underwhelmed at the set up and decor. Nothing spectacular and not inviting. I wanted to order a buffalo chicken sandwich until the server informed me it was ground chicken as opposed to a breast meat. I opted for sliders instead.  It wasn't good. I've definitely had better at other American chain restaurants. Service was alright. Again, nothing to rave about. They were attentive enough. Overall for a show that's been on national television I was definitely expecting something more.. A wow factor you might say.  However I won't be making a repeat visit.
3	I wanted to love this place. I can't have gluten and the idea of going out to eat at a place where I could actually get pancakes really excited me!  Sadly, I was disappointed.We went on a Sunday after completing the Zombie Run at Sunset Park. It was myself and my teenage son and our bellies were hungry after putting in a good run. Just in case you're wondering--we were both killed by zombies before crossing the finish line.Anyway, I figured it was a perfect time to try out The Maple Tree. I was surprised that there was no wait on a Sunday. I expected it would be really busy. There were two open tables in the small restaurant and the last one filled up shortly after we were seated. So, the place was full but there wasn't a line of people waiting or anything. I was kind of disappointed with the decor. It was really blah and the weird topiary things on the back wall were just odd. I think they could really do something different to make the place feel cozier or even play up their maple theme a bit better. The staff was great. Very friendly. We both ordered the red velvet pancakes; mine being gluten-free. I also ordered their maple latte. That latte was EXCELLENT. Loved it! And I'll just say now, I'd go back for the latte alone. However, the pancakes....they were flavorless. So, they are covered with cream cheese and toasted pecans. You pour you syrup over that and you have a wonderful flavor combination. But take a bite of the pancakes with none of the toppings and there is zero flavor. I'm not kidding; zero flavor! I thought maybe it was because mine were GF. I asked my son what he thought and his answer was, "They're good with all the toppings but when I take a bite of just pancakes, they don't taste like anything." I'm giving this place 3 stars because of their friendly staff, that excellent latte and the fact that I only tried one item. Good service goes along way for me and I'm willing to give a place another shot based on that. Also, I found out there is another Maple Tree up here in Centennial. So, I will try again and see if I have any luck with their buttermilk pancakes.
1	I've been there three times since the Restaurant Impossible folks came through.  I can see the old habits coming back each time I go in and after this last visit, I probably won't go back.  Our server didn't know the menu and didn't seem to want to work that day.  She had no idea what kind of salad dressings they could offer.  She just kind of moped her way through our 45 minutes there.  The salads and a bowl of chili were served with the meal and not prior.  I ordered a hot sandwich.  When it was served, some of the meat was refrigerator cold.  Since the waitress was surprised, I touched the piece of meat I was referring to and she did the same.  I expected a replacement sandwich, but I can tell that all they did was put it in the microwave.  My room temperature bun was now very warm, my fries came back soggy and my pickle scalding hot.  It goes without saying that the meat the waitress touched was still in there.
5	Really good breafast food items. Love the huevos rancheros and the gluten free pancakes. They even made my son a mickey mouse pancake. Its hard to find good gluten free food at restaurants.
3	Of course just like everyone else I came because they were on Food Network's Restaurant Impossible. So last week was my second time here because the first time we came 10 minutes prior to closing and the host says to us were closed and no doubt she had that look on her face of us daring to even enter.  Finally made it back and I ordered the country fried steak with apple fritter substitute since that was something that was featured on the show. The country fried steak was really delicious and the country potatoes as well. The breading on the steak was a little on the thick side but the gravy definitely helped. I finished my entire plate. I waited to eat the fritter later and it was honestly so hard it was inedible and when it was first originally served it didn't look too fresh, but was warm. Maybe they cooked it earlier and just microwaved it? Something that occurs a lot at restaurants on RI. My friends order the pulled pork sandwich and the turkey wrap. Unfortunately the food was just "okay" and didn't wow them.  So it won't be enough for them to come to this place? I want to come back, but I don't think I actually will?
3	Great food!! Horrible service, the girls were rude, and not attentive. the waitresses need to go through a training course on people skills in the food industry.
2	I really don't like writing negative reviews but I was quite disappointed with The Maple Tree. I was excited to try this place after seeing it on Restaurant Impossible. If this is "after" transformation, I wonder what the "before" was like.Even though it doesn't  fit in with the Asian businesses in the shopping center, the interior is nice and quaint.  We went on a Sunday morning and were the only non-Senior citizens for some reason. Luckily they have high chairs so they are kid friendly.They advertised the Monte Cristo sandwich on their window so I ordered that along with Red Velvet Pancakes. My husband ordered the Country Fried Steak. We both got coffee and it tasted watered down. I didn't taste any Red Velvet in my pancakes. The Monte Cristo was interesting but nothing special. The Country Fried Steak was chewy and the batter wasn't sticking and wasn't flavorful at all. Their famous apple fritter was hard and didn't taste fresh. I has high hopes that I would like at least one thing we ordered since we ordered a lot of items; however we didn't like a single one of them.Albeit the tasteless food, the service was good. The hostess and servers were friendly and attentive. I was surprised to learn that they have two other locations in town which makes me wonder how they survive with mediocre food. Sadly, I will not be back.
4	I loved the apple fritter!
4	I ate here for breakfast with family the morning we were leaving Vegas.  I was intrigued by the fact that it was on Restaurant Impossible and wanted to give it a shot.  The decor was nice and the service was great.  Our waitress was very friendly and super attentive.  The food was very good.  The part that impressed my most was that the food was not overly salty like a lot of breakfast places.  I got the corned beef hash.  It came with two eggs, hash browns, and fried bread (think funnel cake).  The corned beef hash seems to be a popular item.  I also tried some of my mom's country potatoes and oatmeal.  Both were delicious and I was impressed that the oatmeal came with some fresh and high quality items to mix in (blueberries, nuts, brown sugar,etc.)Prices were reasonable and overall we had a good breakfast experience.  I would return to eat there again.
3	The food was good. The main reason we came was the gluten free options. I was surprised by the decor. The pictures are dirty and could use a good scrubbing. I also find the back purple wall with what is supposed to be topiary balls disgusting. Even my 5 year old son said, "Eeww! what are those?" and tried to steer clear of touching him when we sat down. We dubbed them the algae balls. Not appetizing in a restaurant.Service has been fine (we have been here twice) and the was food delicious. I did find the gluten free pancakes to be bland. This was my first order, but had the cream cheese and syrup to flavor it up. Next time, I ordered gluten free chicken fried steak. I wonder if it was truly gluten free as I couldn't get specifics about the ingredients in the gravy. (I had a lot of digestive distress later, but not sure if it was from this.). My husband had huevos rancheros and he enjoyed it. It was served on a corn tortilla vs english muffin and he would order it again. (I posted pictures of our food as well as the algae balls behind us.)I'd like to take moms and kids on slow days they may have, but they need to offer some kind of kids eat free or discount. I know they have slow days, this would help bring in more customers. I did enjoy the free pancakes via the Yelp checkin. Thank you!!!!Yes the outside is ghetto-ish, but many places around Chinatown are like this. However, so many good restaurants to eat located in crappy places (such as Lotus of Siam). Don't judge a place by the location (lot of beautiful nice places and the food just plain stinks). Definitely will visit again and may make it our local breakfast spot as it's near our home.I do feel they need to clean the place from floor to ceiling and definitely remove the algae balls.
4	Had breakfast here as we were leaving Las Vegas (no pun intended). Located off the strip and in shopping center, this cozy little spot with a somewhat remodeled modern country feel is nice.  Check in on yelp and get great little breakfast surprise too!The wait staff are super friendly and make sure to take care of you while not imposing. We had the egg sandwich and big breakfast, which was delicious and tasty.  Their homemade salsa was not so spicy good and if this is what they serve with the Huevos Rancheros, I will definitely get this next time we are in town and having breakfast here.
1	My wife and I have been anxious to try this place since seeing it on Restaurant Impossible, especially since it's pretty close to an area we frequent.  The parking lot is a total cluster.  The outside of the establishment is ho-hum.  The interior is just as I remembered it from RI, but nothing spectacular.  Upon entering we were immediately greeted and told we could take a seat wherever we liked.  Unfortunately, the hostess wasn't the only thing that greeted us.  We were immediately hit with an incredibly foul odor.  I thought perhaps it was some kind of chemical smell.  My wife was sure it was more like a damp, mildew/mold funk.  Either way it was pretty overwhelming.  We were given some menus which, despite the sign outside indicating "Breakfast and Lunch", only seemed to contain breakfast items.  As it was already after noon and we were seeking lunch, we asked for, and received, lunch menus.  Nothing on the menu seemed spectacular to me.  During this time a young lady (I think her name was Bree) had already taken our drink order, continuing with what appeared to be pretty decent service.  By the time our drinks arrived we seriously hated the stench which filled the entire establishment.  There were two or three other tables filled with customers.  I assume they had all been in a combat environment which rendered them unable to smell; otherwise I can't imagine how they had consumed a meal in this joint.  Upon a bit of further discussion regarding the retched smell, we decided to leave a few bucks on the table to cover the iced tea, and bail out.  We did just that.  The smell was so bad we couldn't even stay to try to the food.  Never again.  This one is off the list.  I had high hopes, but this place didn't live up to the "smell test".
2	Well to start of we walked in and there was a horrible smell. Then my mom ordered coffee and she said it was the worst coffee she ever made. 30 minutes later when we got our food it was cold. Four people at our table and all our food was cold. Only thing that was good was hash towns. Would not recommend this place to anyone. Also if they have friends come in good luck getting any service.
1	Went to try this place because it was not too far from home and we wanted a small cafe style Sunday breakfast.  When we entered we were hit with a very foul odor, but stayed in spite of it.  Our mistake... the waitress took our drink order right away but it took 15 mins to get our drinks. The coffee was the worst cup o'joe i think i have ever drank it tasted like it was made with hose water. If you live in Vegas you know our water has alot to be desired...it all needs to be filtered!  We were never offered straws and after the first bad cup of coffee was never offered a second till halfway through our breakfast. Which was awful as well it took 40 minutes with only three other tables in the place filled we only had 4 people and ordered simple breakfast items.  I had the veggie benny which was like ice cold when it finally got there, the hollandaise  was like some glob of yellow stuff atop my poached eggs...it was like a yellow goo that didnt move it was disgusting the hash browns were so cold even the salt i added just sat on top like sprinkles. Needless to say all the orders at our table were cold and bad. However the table behind us which hosted some personal friends of one of the waitresses, arrived after us and received their food in record time...and it may even have been hot who knows..and at this point who cares. When the waitress came to clear the table she asked everyone to hand her the plates and other various items on our table. God forbid she actually walk two steps to the right and get the plates herself.  We waited and never saw her again after she finally brought us the bill. So we asked one of the other 4 waitresses to please take it so we could leave.  The pictures on the wall are smeared with food and grime. The tables are sticky from not being wiped down properly and the floors were just plain filthy. We will never go back and will let everyone we know not to go as well. This place is just bad all around.  Oh yeah one last note.... one of the waitresses seemed so stoned she couldn't even concentrate on wiping a table...she was in la la land for sure. Horrible....
4	We ventured here for red velvet gluten free pancakes. I saw the ad on Yelp. They are good, but way too much. I suggest sharing this. Husband had corned beef hash and toast. It was the best hash I've ever eaten in a restaurant. They also have sugar free syrup and the coffee is good. I thought the decor was cute for a breakfast place. It was also very clean and smelled yummy when we walked in.
1	Horrible service. I waited 20 mins for them to take my order and when she came, no friendly hello what can I get ya? All I got was "okay" followed by a blank stare. It took 30 mins for the food to come out and then it was cold. Very bland country fried steak. We walked. Did not pay and I'm never going to return. I'd rather go to arizona charlies for breakfast which is where I'm headed as I type this
4	We saw the show on Restaurant Impossible and noticed that they offered gluten free so we decided to make sure we visited on our trip to Vegas.  There were two waitresses working when we went in and it wasn't terribly busy since we were there after the rush so we got a table right away.  Neither waitress seemed all that enthused about being there.  Being gluten free, I opted for eggs, hash browns and bacon and couldn't resist a side order of the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese topping.  The eggs, hash browns and bacon were great but I sent the red velvet pancakes back they were AWFUL.  When I describe them as cardboard it's spot on.  Really bad.  Hubby got an omelette and asked for a side of salsa.  He said his was delicious and he LOVED the homemade salsa.  Overall we thought our meal was very good and we would go back, just avoid the gluten free red velvet pancakes.
3	I got the idea to go here from a review by a Yelp friend.  Jamms and The Egg and I are my goto Breakfast places.  I wanted to try a new place and this was it.  I got the Oatmeal with toasted pecans and blueberries.  Not much to say here but I've never had toasted pecans or blueberries in my oatmeal and this was very good.I got a half Monte Cristo served with raspberry and maple syrup.  Geez!!!  My tastebuds went crazy happy.  Sooo... good.The service was top shelf, refills were plenty without having to ask.  Very attentive staff and friendly.The atmosphere was a 3 and looked like it could've doubled as a kick boxing center after closing hours, minus the mirrors.
4	Great  breakfast and very reasonable for the food
5	Excellent Food. Great Service.The New England Benny is my favorite.Even the coffee is good (and it's hard to find a restaurant with good food AND good coffee.
3	Pretty good food but cramped and loud atmosphere.
4	This was my first time back here in quite a while. I was thrilled to find they were open on Mondays (they didn't used to be). I was in the mood for a good egg breakfast at a fair price and this was more then I could expect.    The eggs were great and I love the home fry potatoes. Slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I loved the grilled onions. They were simple, just the way I like it.     I strongly advise to pay the extra dollar and exchange the toast for an apple fritter. They are incredible.  Made fresh they are soft and not too sweet, but sweet enough. This was a great breakfast and I will be back.
4	I can't believe I have written my review for the maple tree yet. I adore this little spot. I tend to eat with my eyes so I've tried a lot of their plates and can't really complain on any. My favorite is their french toast! The one thing that needs is improvement are their lattes. They lack so much flavor and coffee/lattes are so essential to a good breakfast place.
5	Lets make this simple....the breakfast type food was excellent!   The hash browns is the best I have ever eatten and the breakfast burrito....the bomb!  Sure beats Denny's or IHOP!
4	I used to come here a few years back.  My mom and  I stopped in for breakfast and are sure glad we did.  She had the veggie omelet with homestyle potatoes with onions and I had the delicious veggie Benny.  The veggie benny has tomatoes, avocado with their delicious hollandaise sauce.  Their hash browns are delicious.  Check it out!
4	Going to Vegas saw the episode on restaurant impossible and Definitive gonna hit this place again. Gluten-free 5 stars for that! . Here we come!
5	I have visited this cute spot on many occasions either for breakfast, brunch, lunch, and to go and not once have I left unsatisfied. From the hostess to the server I have received great friendly attentive service. Food tastes amazing, just the fact they have vegan and vegetarian options and are willing to add or remove certain items when requested just impresses me and makes me more excited to keep coming back. The breakfast burrito, eggs benedict are two of my favorite items and never disappoint. The food arrives promptly and with great presentation. Truly happy to continue going to this place.
2	The food was alright and the service was terrible. There were a ton of waitresses, but it took forever to even be able place our order.
2	This was our go to place for breakfast....then reality TV stepped in.  Went just after the change....was not impressed...the menu was not even close to the what it used to be...and the food was not that great either the eggs benedict had shaved ham...I didn't care for it...oh well.  Went again because friends wanted to check it out (they were picking up the check so I went along) It was Mother's day and the place was dead.  Went for the 3rd and last time yesterday because I found an unused Groupon..it was a Tuesday at about 11:30am there was one other table of 5 or 6. I had a California omlette it had sour cream on it that had a funky taste didn't eat that  pushed it to the side of my plate....the hashbrowns tasted like they had been sitting around for some time..and the toast was cold.  My daughter had the biscuits and gravy  the meat in it tasted like hotdogs.  Its too bad about this place because we used to enjoy going there for breakfast
4	Visiting Vegas means I have to try meeting up with at least one old friend. We decided on Sunday brunch and this place seemed nice and convenient. There were no lines. and we were seated pretty quickly. I shared Huevos rancheros and a plate of pancakes with a friend. I do have to say the Huevos rancheros were pretty good, especially with the pulled pork on top. The pancakes were good pancakes. Nothing too special. And the apple fritter tasted like an apple old fashion donut..This restaurant is pretty small and they seem to have a good amount of waiting staff. But somehow the service seemed forgettable. I do remember looking around for our check.
1	Time they closed.  This was a favorite of ours before the tv transformation.  It lost all of its charm and would feel cold if they turned on the a/c.    Food wasn't great and menu has been reduced to not many choices.  Service was poor even though there was only one other table of 4 there.  You used to have to wait to get in and it was worth it.  Now forget it.  There are too many other good choices in Vegas to waste your time and money on this restaurant.  Restaurant Impossible ruined this restaurant and truly made it an impossible place to go to.
3	Food was good, walked in when there was a discrepancy about a bill. Was handled unprofessionally. I'd probably not come back
5	A hidden gem awaiting the hipster individual/family.
5	When ever we come to Vegas we stop here. First try the maple coffee it is a perfect blend of maple and java. Order some fried bread, then pick one of the two French toasts. I tell every one we know about this place. The staff is very friendly and sympathetic to Vegas hangovers. Way to go maple tree .
4	I love coming here for breakfast with the family. I like to order random items on the menu. The service is friendly and is an enjoyable atmosphere.
1	Went on the recommendation of a friend, and the positive Yelp reviews.Food is terrible, service sub-par.  Menu items sound special on the menu, though everything is worse than bad cafe fare.  They don't even provide spoons to stir your coffee (wooden sticks).  Will not return.  If you want a FANTASTIC breakfast, go to Egg Works on Flamingo- THAT place is awesome.
3	Kind of a sad little place, but the food works for what it is. I know it was on Restaurant Impossible, and I've seen the episode. The decor is still there- though seems dirty to me, but my boyfriend insists that it is intentional distressing on the artwork. Whatever. The food is pretty ok. The monte cristo tastes good (get it with the raspberry sauce). It's greasy, but it's a fried sandwich so what do you expect. All-in-all, this always seems to be a third option if my first two breakfast places don't work out.
1	As of 11/03/13 they appear to be closed by order of the courts and there is a for lease sign in the window.
1	I was in Las Vegas this week and the restaurant has been closed. It's kind of the pits....  I saw the Restaurant Impossible show and I planed to visit the place for breakfast.
4	I never like knowing when a restaurant closes down. I feel bad for the owners. This review was based on back in September when my husband and I went. I ordered the Reuben sandwich and by hubby ordered the egg special. My plate was good, hubby thought his plate was OK. The APPLE FRITTER..was sooo good!!! I wish I ordered one to take home. There was no one there besides us and the waitresses. No business. Sad but I think it was a terrible location in my opinion. This restaurant needed to be on the corner of a street, and not hidden.
4	I am saddened to hear this place has closed down! Even though I only went once, I really liked the food! The food quality was excellent, you can tell they made it with love. Their food is better than a cafe inside of a station casino cafe! Hope to see this place pop up in a better location! Business 101 = LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION
3	Beautiful place! This cafe never disappoints. Breakfast burrito is gigantic and can be shared due to the large portions. "The" apple fritter is a MUST TRY!
1	My wife & I went on a recommendation from a friend. We arrived a little after noon on Sunday, 8-26. We were seated promptly as there was one table open. I'll give the pros & cons.Pros, we were seated promptly & Maggie, our server was very good.That's about it for the pros.Now the cons...If you order a beef dip, that on the menu says it comes with swiss, you'd expect swiss, right? Well, they must have found a source for invisible swiss, as they wasn't any on the sandwich. The beef was way overcooked & very dark, the roll was hard & crusty, it softened up a little after i dunked it in the au jus. The fries must have been in the rinse cycle for a bout 20 minutes. Soggy & limp & had no taste. My soda was good.My wife ordered the California Omlette. She was not impressed. Her potatoes were ok at best & the fried bread was horrible. We thought about sending our food back, but just then, a party of four sent three of their meals back, so there was no way I was going to follow suit. Don't know if the cook was being rushed or he was off & the janitor was making meals, but, the makeover might have done wonders for the inside, but they sure need lessons in cooking.Never again.
