5	Laziza is the place to be! Great food, the kabobs and hummus are amazing, and it's all very well priced. The atmosphere is very relaxing and a nice way to unwind after a long day. It's a pretty large restaurant/lounge so there's a lot of seating and plenty of room. The times I've gone I've participated in this awesome Lebanese dance and there's always good times to be had! I live all the way in summerlin but I still drive out to eastern and 215 to go here, it's definitely worth the drive!  Go to laziza, you won't be disappointed!
5	Five stars from me are hard to come by, but I thought about it... And I thought about it, and I think Laziza truly does deserve a five-star. I don't smoke hookah, but I have been here a couple times to hang out with friends. It is a good location for me since I only live a couple miles away. The ambiance at Laziza is really cultural - a very nice place to hang out with friends. As other reviews said, they do have a live DJ. There is also a dancing area, but it is not crowded and packed like a club would be, so that is a plus for me. (For those of you who are shy about dancing and being seen, then it might not be something for you.) The DJ plays a mix of Arabic/Persian and American hip hop/R&B music. I personally think it is a nice mix. I also tried the filet mignon kabob, and it was delicious! The kabob also came with either a house salad or soup of the day. I tried the lentil soup, and that was also surprisingly good. The menu is not too extensive in the sense of Mediterranean-wise, but it is extensive enough for those who just want a burger and fries or shrimp scampi. Most importantly, the service is great! For all the times I have been there, the staff always seems so eager to help and to make sure we are okay. I will definitely recommend the next hang out with my friends to be held here. If you are in the area, definitely stop by and give it a try! You'll be surprise!
4	Music was great!!They had this Samoan band playing, they were GOOD.I thought the price was too high for just couple drinks and some hookah.Couple hours here for two would run you about $50 plus tax and tips.We did enjoy ourselves while we were here.
4	Unfortunately I wasn't able to sample any of the larger portions of food that is here, but I was here one night during a college function and I have to say the atmosphere is very trendy and lively. As far as the little party appetizers went, I was a big fan of the hummus and pita bread served. Our function had a DJ so of course there was some mainstream music bumping, but besides that the ambience was dim and welcoming, a little cozy, and the hookahs featured were tasty. One of my drawbacks was that the bar was a little pricey, but then again it wasn't too bad given the atmosphere. Am definitely interested to come back to this place again for a 2nd and a more in-depth review!
1	I was very excited to go to Laziza after reading the Yelp reviews, but I left sorely disappointed. The ambiance seemed very inviting at first, until I realized I couldn't even read the menu it was so dark. It didn't help that the DJ had a terrible affinity for the Black Eyed Peas (no less than five songs by them in the two hours we were there) and other top-40 junk and the bass was jacked up so high, it was literally shaking my chair and my friends and I had to yell to have any chance at hearing each other.I could have forgiven those shortcomings had the service and product been decent, but that's where Laziza really fell down. It took the waitress twenty minutes to get us our beers, and she didn't offer us water. We ordered the apple hookah and when we hadn't received it after forty five minutes, we approached the nearest waiter and asked what had happened. He responded that he would have to get the waitress. Twenty minutes later, she still hadn't shown up, so we had to track her down. She gave us a hurried excuse about forgetting it and eventually we got the hookah without enough mouthpieces for our group. It took us another twenty minutes to get her to come back, during which we noticed that the hookah tasted awful -- more like black licorice than apple. We pointed that out to the waitress, who assured us it was the correct flavor without bothering to double check. So we ordered another beer, which she forgot about, water, which she forgot about, and more mouthpieces, which she also forgot about. Meanwhile, we watched her spill a drink on a girl at the table next to us. Disaster.Given our horrible experience with the service, my group did not want to leave a tip. However, because we had six people, she automatically added an 18% tip to our tab and we were sure if we asked her to take it off, we would've had to wait another half hour, so we just bit the bullet and left. I will never return.
3	I get it.  It's a hookah lounge.  That serves alcohol, which is pretty rare nowadays in Vegas.  However I knew some friends who were throwing a party there and decided to go, mostly because they were boasting free alcohol for ladies for this private party.  The place overall has nice decor when you walk in.  But then it gets confusing as you head to the back where the bar is.  There's an indoor "patio" and a huge room with nothing in it.  A few booths and a few tables, but it seemed really open and under-furnished.  The bartender ladies were super nice and greeted me immediately, which is refreshing since most women bartenders ignore other similarly-attractive women.  The drinks (keep in mind they were free so I wasn't expecting amazingness) were really sugary and sweet.  I ordered a few jolly ranchers for me and my group of friends and although it tasted good, it left that sweet/sour taste in your mouth.  Plus after 10 of them, you start to feel a little sick from the sugar, and not buzzed enough.  The music was some weird Reggae music.  Not good reggae, just weird pop-trans-throw-in-some-reggae-music. The hookah was good, and they changed the coals often, which was nice.  Overall my friends and I had a great, fun time.  Should go back one time to try the restaurant.
4	A very fun hookah lounge. The servers are very friendly and they always check up on you if you need more drinks or if your hookah is up to par.
3	I came after dinner with a few Yelpers to sit and have drinks. I originally wanted the Baklava-tini but then our server said they didn't have martini glasses and it would be a wait so I got a mojito ($10) instead. It was alright, but a bit heavy on the citrus element. Our server was friendly though. The table shared guava mango hookah ($15). Even though I lost my taste for hookah smoking a long time ago, I knew this wasn't premium tobacco and when I saw them lift up to replace to coals that there was quite syrupy stuff in there so it's probably a type of mu'assel, possibly even not tobacco based but herbal based but I would have to open the foil to really tell. It had a throat feel that I think I've grown to not find enjoyable. However, I don't deny the flavor tasted good.  We went during Raggae night and there was a live band playing. It wasn't too loud even though we were right in front of the band. Lots of people were having fun and dancing so the vibe in there was good. I wouldn't say I would come to seek this place out, but if I'm around the other side of town and my friends want to smoke, I don't mind accompanying them.
5	WOW...Simply AMAZING..From the drinks to the hookah this place is 5 start no doubt!!!
3	Not too shabby, not sure if worth more stars...1.  Location - Great location in strip mall, easy parking and easy to get to.2.  Ambiance - really nice and relaxing. We went early, so no music which allowed us talk and converse in peace.3.  Service - Not bad, yet this place could have improvement in this area as it is adequate, and not terrific.4.  Price - Very Reasonable.5.  Food - The hummos had a very nice texture. the babaghanoush was succulant with its wonderful smoke / grilled flavor.  All the entrees were okay, and not great and I would have expected more great flavors in all other foods.  I ordered the dish with extra steamed vegetables and I got instead an order of frozen type vegetables that was fried or with oil instead of steamed. Check this place out. Remember that Hookah is actually a not healthy for you!
4	Nice bartender who was pleasant and attentive. The hummus was not the best in Vegas as advertised, as it was rather plain. The calamari was good. The price was also very reasonable.
4	This place is GREAT for happy hour.  We got here at 5pm when they were barely opening their doors so we sat at the bar. The bartender apologized for them being unprepared as the manager got there late... not a great indication on how the place is managed.  They had half price apps, house wines, beers, well drinks, and their bottled beers were $3. We ordered the Mezza appetizer (labneh, hummus, falafel, baba ghanouj,  Tabbouli & pita) The menu says it serves 4 and they are not kidding. LOTS of food!  A couple of beers and glasses of wine and our bill was only $22. Unbelievable!We will be back to check the place out late night.
1	Based on the reviews, my bf and i decided to check this place out. We had a pretty bad experience. I won't deny the happy hour selections are pretty good, but the drinks were awful. The service is what turned me off the most. Having a waitress come take our orders took 10mins, then another 10mins passed, and then another, finally we asked another waitress where our drinks were and she apologized and went to put it in. So then after that, it took about another 15mins for our appetizers to come out. They did apologize to us, saying their system was down, and then to us it looked like they didn't have enough staff. I tried to keep this in mind, but i still couldn't help but be bitter. We got so annoyed, we didn't even want to get a Hookah. We weren't the only people unhappy that day. The tables around us were also complaining. Might of been just a bad day, but it was enough to turn me off. Maybe in a few months i might give it another chance...if it is still around.
1	My friends and I decided to drop in on a Friday night whim.  We'd never been here before, but upon entering it looked very promising. The interior was a lot larger than we expected, and we were escorted to the smoking section of the building.  The service was excellent, however apparently Friday night is open mic night, making it impossible to have a conversation without yelling over the music.As for the important part, the hookah, it was subpar at best.  Having been smoking for years, it was really disappointing after all the awesome reviews.  Trying to get service to fix the harshness of the shisha was even harder with the loud music. I think I'll stick to making my own bowls to smoke at home.
1	Very bad customer service . Food was ok and the music is very loud.
4	The roomie and I were craving Mediterranean food one night, and we discovered that this place was right around the corner from us, and had a fantastic happy hour half price appetizer deal, that we felt the need to take advantage of.   We lucked out with great customer service over the phone when we called and placed an order for two hours later after a yoga class.  We arrived to pick up the order and everything ready to go, a great price with the happy hour deal (the food was even worth the full price), and it definitely satisfied our cravings.  We ordered the mezza sampler, which consists of labneh, hummus, falafel, baba ghanouj, tabbouli and stuffed grape leaves.  This served as a wonderful light dinner, I'll definitely be taking advantage of that again!  The baba ghanouj was nice and smokey, the hummus was decent, and the pitas nice and toasty.  I can't say anything about the quality of the drinks or hookah, but from my one visit I was impressed with the quality of the service and the food.
4	This is a great place in the Henderson/Green Valley area if you are looking for a hookah lounge with a nice Mediterranean menu.
4	Good time on the weekend, enjoyed live band (but way too loud).  No idea how the food is but it looked good and there were a lot of people eating.  A cool lounge atmosphere.
2	We went to Laziza after work for happy hour and it was disappointing, we ordered most of the appetizers, some drinks and a hookah. Of all the appetizers the hummus was the best but everything else was just bland. The service was ok when we actually saw our waiter. For a Hookah lounge I was expecting something a little more intimate and comfortable. I won't be going back to this place again.
4	All of my co-workers one day showed up for working noticeably hungover - the cause? Laziza. The next week, I decided to join them in the debauchery of Makeout Mondays.Laziza is the epitomizes the all that a hookah lounge should be: dimly lit, DJ pumping out good music in the corner, a dance floor (which that night, was for vanity rather than for function), and a well-stocked bar with drink specials throughout the night. Our hookah had a mix of various tropical fruits (I believe mango and pineapple) and mint - boy was it smooth. I'm usually not a fan of hookah, but every time that hose came my way, I went to town. As for the drinks, so many stipulations to the drink specials. My coworker was disappointed he couldn't partake in two dollar vodka drinks since they were for the ladies - a stipulation he'd like to dispute! Also, in order to get all of these deals on drinks, you have to order at the bar - a detail overlooked by our waitress when we asked her and subsequently ordered from her. However, I'll overlook the fine details, for this is the only place where the bartenders and waitresses know what a White Boy is. Having never heard of it, my coworker ordered me one - a Blue Moon, mixed with some orange juice and a shot of Amaretto. One of my favorite drinks definitely - I've ordered it elsewhere, but the proportions are never perfected as they are at Laziza. As the night progressed, my crazy coworker ordered a round of Lemon Drop shots. What a perfect way to end the night - that is, after some dancing and a few embarrassing photos afterwards.I now get the appeal of Laziza. Drink specials, dancing, and dim lighting leads to uninhibited actions, which in the case of my coworkers is both an excellent and dangerous thing. We left around 3 or 4, only to return to work at 6 - all of us inflicted with a terrible hangover and the desire to fall back asleep once we were off. Thank you Laziza!
2	I came here late on a Sunday to see a DJ spinning that night. We had the "Mezza", which is like a big sampler. The food was all right. The service that night was frustrating. We asked questions about the menu (recommendations, etc.), she couldn't answer. The ditz seemed like she wanted to drop the subject and hide behind the bar. When she brought out the sampler and named the dishes (hummus, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, etc.), my friend asked what are they made of (ex. chickpea spread, parsley salad, eggplant mash). She seemed caught off guard. It didn't matter since our group of friends weren't picky eaters. She rarily checked our table (we were the ONLY ones eating in the lounge; rest were smoking hookah or downing beers) and seemed to be having a bad night...
3	I've been here a couple of times and like it, but don't love it.  I think it's a cool place to hang out in the evenings; they have a DJ and have different events going on in the evening depending on the day.  (Last time we went, it was open mic night; some people are really good!)  I'm not a hookah person, so that may have some bearing on my experience.I think they do reverse happy hour but haven't stuck around long enough to find out.  Last time, I had the Maxeki Margarita, some tequila concoction off their list.  It was ok, but tasted a bit like alka seltzer (thus bringing back horrible memories of Lolita's in Town Square).  I've also had the Falafel Pocket; the patties are good but the wrap was a little dry/hard.  The hummus is delicious and definitely worth trying.All in all, it's a cool place to hang out, but the food isn't super great (or at least the times I've been there).  Also, once the night event start, it's impossible to have a conversation with anyone at your table, even if you're sitting in the restaurant section.  If you're there to eat with someone else and/or a group, it's probably best to go earlier in the day.
3	I have been dying to try this place forever since I enjoy frequenting hookah lounges for the relaxing atmosphere and hookah. Finally my boyfriend and I came here for dinner last Wednesday.When we came in we were seated right away in the bar area at a booth, you can choose no hookah and sit in nice booths like any other restaurant or I guess if you want hookah they sit you in the bar. There were 4 TVs blasting football and the bartender was sitting at the bar using his laptop. Given there was only 2 other small tables I don't blame him but maybe hide it a little? I am used to big cozy booths with dim lighting and a relaxing atmosphere, not a sports bar. Since I am not into sports at all this was a HUGE disappointment for me. But I took it as a new experience and thought I would give it a try. Their happy hour is pretty good, 50% off appetizers and drafts so that is a nice deal. We got very fast service and we ordered everything at once. They brought out our hookah and food at the same time, which is terribly inconvenient when you are trying to eat and enjoy your hookah before it burns out. The hookah tasted nice but they set it just on the end of your table so the hose gets in the way of your food on the small table.The saving grace was the food! Yummy! I got the falafel pita & my boyfriend got the fillet minion kabobs. It was delicious! 5 stars for the food! Their hummus appetizer was average and I would get it again considering it was something like $4 during happy hour. They did have what looked like a hookah lounge in the back and had advertisements for 21+ nights with a DJ & such which looked fun but the chairs didn't look comfortable and it looked like an odd place to mingle. Go for the food and not the hookah and atmosphere, unless you love watching football with the boys while smoking some hookah!
3	I've been here a few times for the night/bar scene and hookahs, but I finally made it out the other night for dinner with 2 friends. I am a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine so I was pretty excited.. plus Groupon Now! had a $13 for $26 deal. Once we arrived, to our disappointment, the groupon was not working! This was not the restaurant's fault but that was definitely a huge let-down. We ordered a handful of appetizers and a couple glasses of wine (half off during happy hour, great deal!) and they were definitely enjoyable; however, I've had phenomenal Mediterranean cuisine in Manhattan; therefore, I wasn't overly impressed. The entrees were disappointing :( Unfortunately, the kebab wraps did not have much meat in them and my friends didn't seem to enjoy them much. I had the plate of rice, salad, and beef (shawarma.. sp?) and the beef was a bit dry; plus, I asked for it as spicy as possible and it came out mild. So we won't be going back for the entrees; however, the appetizers and drinks during happy hour are definitely worth going back for!Service was fantastic. The waiter seemed busy but still managed to be attentive and provide thorough information on each of the dishes. He was definitely helpful when we couldn't decide what to order. There was some sort of open mic night going on in the other room that should honestly be scheduled for later hours. Freestyle rap isn't exactly what people want to hear during dinner at a Mediterranean restaurant. Overall, I would go back during happy hour for various appetizers to share amongst friends :)
2	I was quite excited when Laziza opened. With them being the new kid on the block in the hookah scene I of course had to try them out. My friends and I went on a Friday night around 9pm and it was dead. We got a nice little couch section to sit back, chill and enjoy our drinks & hookah. Here's where it goes downhill....once we put in our initial drink order and got our hookah it was fine. Trying to find our waitress for drink refills and new hookah coals was little pulling teeth! She was never anywhere to be found. Whenever she did finally show herself again (stinking of cigarettes) we had to ask her up to 3 times to get us a drink refill. Frustrating!The hookah smoked poorly. We got two different tobacco flavors that night and each time they tasted like nasty black licorice (not like the fruity kiwi strawberry we requested) and it took so long for the hookah guy to come back and move the coals around that the hookah would go kaput and he'd say "well now we have to charge you for a bowl refill". NO! It's not my fault that you had to talk to the half naked women galavanting around the bar that you completely forgot about us....The only saving grace, and I mean ONLY, is that they have decent Lebanese food. This is the reason they even got two stars. However, even at that though I got the beef shawarma, they charged me $16 and it was a measly portion.  If you take anything away from my review, take this....save your money and head somewhere else.
3	Happy Hour goes from 5pm-8pm. Half off appetizers, wine, beers, and well drinks.The selection of appetizers are limited to the six that appear on the menu. The rest of the items are reasonably priced, if those do not satisfy. None of those small bites are over $10 during HH. There is hummus, baba ganoush, crab falafels, hot wings, and two mixed plates that are good for sharing. The baba ganoush was delicious and came with 8 pieces of pita to wipe up the goodness. The wings were standard, coming in an order of six. The hot sauce is made with the garlic chili sauce used in Chinese cooking. Beers and wine seem to be the way to go for their HH. My mojito would not be considered a well drink even if it used stock rum, and came out to full price. To get half off, the drinks need to be the simple well alcohol+mixer. Otherwise it treads on the line of a signature drink or specialty drink. The mojito was good nonetheless.The service was mindful, with two different servers checking up on us often.
2	We went there thinking it looked nice from the outside so it might be a cool place to try. Walking in, the decor on the inside was very disappointing, we thought the place looked like a orange colored dinner. It was also empty, which should have been a tell that it was not that great a place. The waiter brought us the menu, The menu selection was pretty small for a Mediterranean place. I didn't really care as they seemed to have what we usually like. Well, they were out of two of the things we wanted... My falafels and my boyfreind's Kabob. How can a Mediterranean resto be out of those 2 items?We ended up ordering a fattoush salad, the falafels-less mezza plate and some sandwich for my boyfriend. The salad and sandwich was not impressive. The mezza plate had a very good tabbouli, the  hummus was good but not the best in Las Vegas (as they claim) and I didn't care for the stuffed grape leaves and baba ganoush at all.The waiter was friendly, but overall the place was nothing special, had no ambiance, the menu options and food taste was pretty weak.  I seriously doubt they will be in business very long. I don't think we will be going back. There are much better options for Mediterranean restaurants in the valley.
5	Decided to check out the new Latin Night they are hosting. Showed up early with a few friends to have an early dinner. I ordered the beef kabob. Fantastic dish. After a few glasses of wine, they switched from typical lounge music to latin music. The music was great. It was a great mix of latin music and mainstream commercial dance music. Everyone had a great time. The decor was excellent. I was told that Laziza was recently remodeled. Overall, I think Laziza is probably one of the best Lounges in Las Vegas.
2	Not thoroughly impressed with laziza ;( the hostess/waitress was new so I'll give her some slack but she didn't know anything about their menu or what the hours for happy hour was or what the happy hour specials were. We didn't have any sugar, salt, pepper or ketchup on table so we had to ask for everything. They didn't have draft beers on tap even though the menu said they did. I will compliment them on their falafel which was tasty.
3	Great house music and remixed pop music. Excellent seating and lighting. Sexy vibe.However, the hookah does not last long--maybe 30 minutes. It got really annoying to have to ask the bus boy to keep changing the coals. And even then sometimes it didn't pick up.  I think either they're not using enough coals, not using good enough coals, or not making the water cold enough. It's an easy fix on their part--they've just got to do it. I'm used to the hookah hitting well for 1-2 hours with minimal coal changing. So, this issue is a big one for me.
5	Great FOOD! Great Drinks! & Great Entertainment 7 nights a week starting with a hysterical Stand Up Comedy  show on Monday's at 9!Multi cultural entertainment  at its FINEST !
1	I will definitely NEVER be visiting this horrible hookah lounge again. Overly loud music! Bad hookah! HORRIBLE service! and did I mention HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service! Do not waste your money, and most important  your time.
2	This building must be haunted.  We ate here once but were not impressed with the hookah experience.  We were going to give it a second chance but alas, it has closed its doors!  This is the fourth restaurant at this location that has crashed and burned.  Someone call an exorcist.
3	Great the last time I went. Hookah was nothing special, but the drinks were strong and the food was awesome. I over heard the servers saying they were closing and I just drove by and I don't see their sign up anymore. Also, the website redirects to NuSantucary in Town Square. Call before you go.
1	Out of business
4	Unfortunate news to hear that they are now closed, maybe I should've wrote this review a bit while ago huh? I actually never came during restaurant hours, but I did come on several occasions after hours when the Hookah Lounge opened up for business. On Rebel Wednesdays, would be Reggae Night here, with performances by Members of Haleamano, Fortwentydaze, aboriginals, etc. It usually consisted of an all star band performing a reggae jam session all night! Drinks were nice and strong (in a good way), definitely worth your $10. They did continue to serve food in the lounge at night, a whole menu ranging from Tapas to sandwiches and salads. My favorite was the Baba Ganoush served with warm Pita bread and the Calamari. Occasionally I would reluctantly order the overprices french fries to help soak up the Alcohol. The hookah I believe ranged $15 for one Hookah, $25 Unlimited Hookah. I knocked a star off of this place because while its busy, flagging a waiter down to get a hookah could be a challenge. I've had to walk up to them and ask for the flavors list and request a hookah. However, throughout the night, (since we got the unlimited) they frequently will replace the coals and change the flavors upon request! All in all, this was a popular hang out for a while on Wednesday nights. I sad that I never got to actually try out their restaurant side, and sad that they are no longer in business!
1	Laziza is now closed...it was only a matter of time.
