4	My eyes popped out of their respective sockets when we walked into this local purveyor of spirits and libations!  Well organized, the wine selection was overwhelming and awe-inspiring for rookies.  We found out about this place looking for Olde Mecklenburg Brewery growlers, and we couldn't have been more excited!  The staff was courteous and knowledgeable.  On the way out, we talked with the owner and found that there were several classes held there throughout the year.  My ol' lady and I were quite thrilled that there are several beer tasting classes for October brews!  I think we've found our watering station!Noosh!
5	Love Total Wine, they not only have a great selection but they are very friendly, helpful and informative. Love the wine tasting they have every week. Their website has the times and hours. I almost forgot the most important part, they have very good prices. Will be going back, again and again, love my wine.
4	Stop in, while having lunch near by.  They had wine tastings there, sample a few.  Nice store with large selections to choose from.  Ended up with 3 bottles of wine. Had to stop hubbby he could have bought more. It was like a chocolate candy store to him. The staff was very helpful.
5	This is a great place to go for wines and beers that you can't find at the usual grocery store.  One of the reasons that I really love this shop is because they have an excellent selection of sake, ciders and champagnes.  Every once in a while I like to treat myself to a nice bottle of the bubbly and I've found that the prices here are much more reasonable that local night clubs.  A bottle of Cristal will only run you around $179 versus $500-700 in a night club.  You can even find bottles of the now popular Armand de Brignac Rose for only $479, which is a great deal compared to the $2000 that night clubs charge in this area.  Moet and Dom Perignon are also very reasonably priced here.
4	Case discounts are helpful here, because buying twelve bottles of wine is easy! I use their online website to research their highest rated, best value, French wines. There ARE plenty of bargains to be had for excellent quality wines! They have great wines at decent prices, up to and including "behind locked doors," quaff that will put a sizeable dent into ones wallet. I'm talking the Opus Ones, the first growth Bordeauxs and Burgandys, etc. Their beer selection is just as extensive. There are top rated national microbrews, and craft beers from local NC breweries. German beer? Check. Belgian triples? Check. Service is attentive, knowledgable, and helpful. The main drawback, if it is a negative at all, is that their selection is so extensive, one can easily become overwhelmed by the huge number of choices. That's why I do research prior to visiting. I also wish the aisles were wider.The only way that Total Wine could be better would be if they were located closer to Hickory!
