5	I recently had the opportunity to check out Johnny Fox's Public House during a pre-opening/soft opening event. Having never visited during its previous incarnation I didn't know what to expect, but was immediately impressed by the care taken to design the exterior, which provided an inviting facade evoking the warmth and charm of an Irish village. The entryway to the restaurant is equally inviting and as you move from room to room you are greeted by unique niches and details one usually sees only in an older establishment. The wood floors were polished to a high shine to welcome the new visitors. I was particularly taken with the bar off the entry which provides as a certain coziness in contrast to the high energy main dining room. The bar has an impressive selection of beers, Irish, craft and your basic American lagers. I was taken by the scotch list (as per usually) and was happy to see some old favorites and a broad range of choices in blends and single malts. On this particular occasion we were served Irish classics such as corned beef and fish and chips, which were just as you'd expect. I was impressed by the fresh oysters and smoked salmon. As I understand the menu will place an emphasis on fresh seafood and I am looking forward to a second visit to try out more of the options the kitchen has to offer and to work my way through the whiskey list soon.
5	It's nice to go to an Irish bar that isn't just fish and chips or corned beef and cabbage.  I had a seafood stew that was fantastic.  Full of delicious fresh seafood, with a very tasty white wine broth.  Even though it was opening night, and I'm sure they were running into their share of obstacles, the service was great and the ambiance was warm and inviting.  It won't be me last visit!
3	I have mixed feelings about this Irish Pub.  Yes the beer is as good the previous go-around when it was the LDV and the food is pretty good although pretty expensive if you ask me.  My wife and I ordered off the limited lunch menu - I had a burger and one beer and the wife had the lunch size fish and chips and tea.  Total tab was just shy of $40.  That seems like a lot of money for just a lunch but if the cost isn't a factor for you then you'll probably like this place not only for the pretty good food but the excellent Irish beer.Given that this place has been open just a few days, I can understand that they would have just a few missteps and I noticed just a couple.  I think the hamburger meat was just a bit too juicy so the bun absorbs the grease (nothing worse than a soggy, greasy hamburger bun) but I was able to use a paper napkin and that saved the day.  The hamburger comes without condiments so you have to ask for mustard or mayonnaise and you have to ask for ketchup if you ordered fries.  Like I said, just minor inconveniences.  I may go back for the beer from time to time but like I said, I thought $40 was a bit steep for a burger and fish.
1	I had lunch here on 09/22/2011. The waiter immediately stated they only had a limited menu as their vendor did not come through with their food supply.I ordered the fish and chips which was terrible. The fish was very small, sparse and was extremely greasey.The chips were soggy and had way too much salt.I did not complain, but the waiter apologized for the order and said he could not do anything to correct the order. He stated they have a new staff in the kitchen.On my way out the female manager asked if I enjoyed my lunch.I informed her of my disappointing fish and chips and she just shrugged her shoulders.This place is just like the previous place. The food and service suck.
3	I have now been to JFPH twice, on their third day of service and today.  I am trying to keep an open mind about this place, I really am.First, some background.  This restaurant location was previously a really fine place, Lis Doon Varna, and finally closed due to financial issues: It was a great place, fun, with a great beer selection, impeccable food, and great wait staff.  There is a sister pub in Tempe, Rula Bula, with the same menu but apparently, under a different corporation from the ill-fated LDV.Once closed, Robbie Fox (whose other restaurant is in Tempe), purchased this building. I hear he was in on the design and building of this location originally, although I am not sure how a restaurateur fits with being a general contractor, but I digress.  There was, apparently, bad blood between these two entities and there's a bit of a "gotcha" atmosphere going on.OK...the restaurant.The interior is mainly unchanged BUT the changes that have been made are a little too...neat? manufactured? shiny?  The photos of the Kennedys--fine, but way too many.  The framed art in the main dining room--looks like crap from a mall art shop.  The banners in the "church" area are gone, which was really unique stuff.  One of the things I really liked about the other incarnation was that there were no TV's.  No crappy NFL Sundays, no guys yelling at the TV's with vulgarities, no distracted dinner guests.  Now they have them.  Big negative.  If I want to watch sports, I'll go to RTO'Sullivan's or Padre Murphy's.The beer--we had a proper pour of a Stout today, which I appreciate.  And I like that a local beer, Kiltlifter, is on tap.  The waitstaff needs more education, though.  My husband asked about a beer and the girl clearly didn't know.  She should have offered a taste but didn't.  Pilsner Urquell would be a nice addition to the tap beer.The food--I agree with the other reviewers that the prices seem high.  I finally asked the waiter today if the fries/chips were fresh potatoes or not because both times, they have been, well, bad.  He assured me they were.  Well, if you are going to convince me, then leave a little peel on the potatoes, and fry them to crisp, not warm.  How can you not do fries right?  My chicken and leek pie was good, although really small for the price.  It looked dwarfed in its ramekin on the platter. My husband's chicken barbeque sandwich was good.  I ordered a tart for dessert and it took 20 minutes, I was told because there was only one pastry chef.  ????  It was a refrigerated piece of pie with blueberry sauce on it!  It was good but really?  20 minutes?And I was told they didn't have the order in for the bread pudding (which makes me suspicious it'll won't be made on site)--what's bread pudding take? Bread, eggs, cream, cinnamon and raisins.  They don't have that in the kitchen?  This time the waitstaff seemed a little more with it, less deer-in-the-headlights.  The owner, Robbie, was seem both days bussing tables,  and taking care of unhappy patrons.  With that all said, I really want this place to succeed.  It is a lovely place, the menu is adequate, with a lot of seafood, expected Irish dishes, and good beer.  We will continue to go there and hope they get their legs under them and make it a place to go and relax before a movie, after work, and when I'm tired shopping.  With the prices, though, it will likely go from a drop-in place to more of a special occasion place.  Stay tuned....
5	A sister restaurant to my homebase Robbie Fox's.I was lucky to attend a soft opening a few weeks back and was unbelievably impressed. The building is gorgeous, the decor and design are superb. I especiallly liked seeing all the different rooms and pictures, especially all the ones of JFK! The old church organ in the main dining room is a wonderful touch! Since it is a new establishment, the new servers will eventually get their legs, same goes for the food being cooked in the back. Chef Mark though has created a wonderfully tasteful menu. It makes me jealous of the food at Robbie's. The owner's Robbie and Dominic have worked very hard on this new pub and it shows. I wish I lived closer to it though, there are no signs of obnoxious ASU students to detract from the environment!!!! I forsee Johnny Fox's becoming the best pub in the west valley; dishing out pints of "Craic" for years to come!
2	We went the first night it was open. Some issues with the food. Ordered the salmon with sweet potato wedges. Came with mashed. When I told the waitress she said she would get the sweet potatoes. About 15 min later I got these greasy limp potatoes that tasted awful. I chalked it up to opening night. Very willing to give it another try. We went back about a week later and we were told there was a 35 min wait. I saw lots of empty tables. When I mentioned this, the "hostess" rolled her eyes and said, "we don't have wait staff." Her attitude was awful. We did not stay. If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again. What a shame...We ate at this place under the old owner at least once a week....They need to do something about this gal if they are going to make it...
3	Summary: Great food but avoid this place on the weekend because the kitchen and wait staff can't keep up.We were seated for a good 15 min before anyone came to our table. It was obvious that it was chaotic. It took 20 min before we had drinks and a good 15 min wait between courses.I don't blame this on the waitress completely because they were understaffed in the front of the house as well as in the kitchen.My husband and I have been there twice. Once we had mussels for an appetizer (yummy) and today we got the smoked salmon platter (very good). After telling the waitress that we were starving, it still took forever to get our beet salad. The tomatoes could have been a little fresher and the salad could have used a little less oil, but we have also like this enough to get it twice.For dinner, my husband and I ordered the same thing both times - he had braised lamb shanks (gunormous!) and I had the bollycotton (seafood pie with a delicious cream sauce and flaky crust).For dessert we had a buttermilk tart that tasted more lemony that buttery, but was a good companion to the Bailey's and coffee.I wish that a manager had come by or at least we had been offered a free dessert or something, though. The excuses from the waitress about everything from the bartender to the kitchen to the computer gives me concern about how well the place is organized. I hope they can improve the service because the live music and environment is something we really enjoy.
2	I got their chicken wrap. Very very bland. It almost tasted like taco bell actually. I would give the decor 4.5 stars though. Also tried the bread pudding, again, very very bland. Try famous daves bread pudding, no comparison.I doubt I'll be back.
3	Checked this place out for the first time last week and I wasn't overly wowed like I had hoped for. I really was expecting a little more that Lis Doon Varna but it was pretty much the same. I still like the back patio area and it is still a great place to grab a pint. The bar service was good and fast....never had a dry glass...Guess I was just hoping for a more lively scene this time around.
4	Delicious, outstanding, phenomenal.  Three words I would use to describe Johnny Fox's Public House.  We went in on Friday night, around 7:30 and thought that we would have to wait forever.  We were seated just after we walked in.  The wait staff was at our table in no time flat getting us our drinks.  Appetizers were OMG!!!  We had shepherds pie and corned beef (of course) and it was phenomenal!  I highly recommend this place!!
2	Tonight we went to this restaurant for the first and last time. The decor and atmosphere are good but the food is disappointing. We ordered the Shepard Pie and fish and chips. Nothing special and overpriced for the portion size. The food was much better when this restaurant was LVD.
4	Well I'm no Irish pub expert by any means but I really liked this place. Granted my wife took me here for my bday on a Monday nite so can't say what it wld b like on the weekends but the food was great. We loved the patio. Staff was very accommodating for getting us a heater for my wife. Will check it out on a weekend and rate again.
4	Wife and I went back on Friday night,sat out on the patio again and enjoyed another wonderful meal. She had the garlic shrimp on rice and I had on fettucini alfredo. Once again staff very accomodating even for a busy Friday night. Our waitress Joey was the best, I really like this place.
1	Dined here with 3 other people. No one was happy.Waitress was clueless (new and untrained?) she wasn't sure what soda they offered. She brought the drinks about 10 minutes after we ordered them, saying "sorry I was looking for cups"My lemon on my water smelled like dirty kitchen rag. Fries were nice and thick, but dry and soggy. Corned beef was hideous, very tough and rubbery. I sent it back for a fish and chips plate that was similar to what I get at CoCo's, but with the big soggy sponge fries.Highlight of the dinner, the company and my beer.We will never come back, unless it's only for drinks.
2	Tried the"all you can eat fish fry". it was served with a plate of fries and one piece of fish. We immediately requested more fish. 20 minutes later (when the rest of our group was finishing their meals) a second piece of fish was delivered. We were told that only one piece of fish could be served at a time. There is a 15 minute wait for each additional piece. Fish was delicious but not worth the wait for three pieces of fish.
5	Best place for Irish food.Great ambience, the selection of beers is excellent (having Murphys on tap sold it for me).  We came during happy hour half off all food and beer - best happy hour ever!Nice outside patio area to hang out.  Coming from England this is the best approximation to an English/Irish pub I have come across so far in Phoenix.
1	Have eaten here 3 times now. First two were OK. Tonight we had the worst service I've had in a restaurant in years. Over a half hour wait for appetizers. Wouldn't you know it, the entrees arrived about 3 minutes later.Hostess came by at about the 20  minute mark and asked how everything was. Mentioned the appetizers were taking forever. She took off toward the kitchen, We were encouraged. Never saw her again. Drinks were empty for as much as ten minutes at a time.Finally, one of our guests asked for hot water and lemon while we were having a nightcap. Never came. We mentioned it as the bill was being delivered. Waitress rolled her eyes and said "I guess I'll have to get it myself." By now, she's blamed the kitchen for the appetizers and entree's arriving almost together. Now it's someone else's fault the water never came. Should have been pretty obvious to her by now that this hasn't been a very well handled dinner.No apology, no 'let me buy you a drink', no offer of desert or taking the appetizers off the bill as we didn't really have the chance to enjoy them. Never saw the concerned hostess again, Nothing. Can only assume this is considered business as usual for them.Won't be back.
4	You can't mess up a place with great beer and when you pair that with a respectable menu then you get Fans like me!  We have visited two of these locations in town and hear they are expanding. Definitely don't mind it because you can never have enough Guinness.  We had their bangers and mash with some french onion soup.  Their fry's and curry, yum!The location is awesome for those going to spring training and they have plenty of great size tables for large parties.
5	So here's the deal, Lis doon varna is CLOSED.  For everyone whining about it, get over it.  Don't go to Johnny Fox's expecting LDV.  Life moves on.  Have been several times.  Have been pleased with service, food and music.  Be a good patron and support an original business that is not a CHAIN.  Branch out, try something new, you just might enjoy it!
4	After leaving another restaurant down the street last Saturday night because the service was horrible, we ended up at Johnny Fox's.  I had been there once before.  My friend had never been.  We had a most enjoyable meal and, especially, a most enjoyable experience with our waiter, Tim.  Thanks Tim!!!  I would highly recommend this restaurant.
2	Service Glacial (ignored by bar staff served by waitress from dining room while sitting at the bar).Cod & Chips good, Mushy Peas Great.Shepard's pie ok, portion small and seasonal veg cold.Over all not good & over priced.
5	GREAT BEER selection, and some of the best service I have had in a long time.We had the Corned Beef, and the Fish and Chips.  Both were fantastic, get the mushy peas as a side.
3	This place is alright! The drinks are kinda pricey for a little plastic cup. The bar is pretty big and nice to look at! I love the games they have outside, my friends and I had a lot of fun with it!!
4	We came here because every other restaurant in the strip of restaurants was packed and had a long wait time and we were trying to catch a spring training game at Peoria Sports Complex. Johnny Fox's sat us right away with a smiling and friendly server who seemed genuinely excited to wait on us. The atmosphere was a little loud but the place was hopping for a Friday night and it added to the liveliness of the restaurant. I wouldn't go here for a romantic, intimate dinner but it's obviously not that kind of restaurant. The menu had tons of Irish options. What I liked was that besides the usual fish & chips and shepherd's pie, they had Guinness braised short ribs, lamb stew, bangers and mash, and seafood pie.  Their menu also had a American fare like spinach scallop dip and beet salad. Then there was  Mediterranean selections like gyros, Greek salad, and lamb sliders. And it all worked! It was a welcome surprise that there were lots of different menu items so everyone could get something they liked or you could mix and match!In and out with full bellies and in time to catch the Padres beat the Giants. All in all a good night.
5	My girlfriend and I had the joy of coming here for lunch one Sunday a few weeks ago and was blown away by this awesome place.You walk in and the place is different from room to room. It feels straight out of Ireland!  I've never been, but it feels like it.. so yeah.We sat outside because the weather was perfect.  I've been to a pub over in Tempe Marketplace (forgot the name) and was not impressed with their bland food.  This time I asked what was good just to make sure. As we sat and looked at our menu, something caught my eye.  Black Pudding.  Being a fan of shows like Bizarre Foods and Anthony Bourdain.  I knew what that was and it was time to try it.  I told my girlfriend what it was and she said she'd try it.For those who dont know what that is.. it's Blood Sausage.. yep. I LOVED IT!  ...she hated it. lol.  I finished it off with some crackers and some sauce.  Just tasty stuff!We split a sandwich and a salad for our main course.This place was just wonderful and I cant wait to go back!
1	Avoid this place like the plague. I was a big fan of Lis Doon Varna and came here hoping it was basically the same place, just new ownership. Well it is not the same.One of the things I loved about Lis Doon Varna was the fish & chips. I'm always game for fish & chips. Johnny Fox's Public House does a poor rendition. The fish & chips that Lis Doon Varna serverd were some of the best I'd ever had. So when I came back to Phoenix for a visit, I was hoping to get my craving fulfilled. Well, It was a huge waste of time and money. I was first served under-cooked fish. I reluctantly asked for it to be redone. Even the 2nd plate was not cooked well. Fish was bland and the batter was tasteless. The tartar sauce was ok. The chips were not chips at all and also under-seasoned. I was really disappointed.The service was OK, but our server was a complainer and didn't seem to be enjoying his job. He was attentive enough, but shared way too much information about his personal struggles in life and at his job.Anyway, the beer selection is good...so if that is what you are looking for, right on. Just don't order fish & chips.Next time I'm in town, I won't return...and I won't recommend that you visit this place either.
5	This is a real Irish Pub.  It's not some cheap, Irish-themed sports bar where the most authentic thing on the menu is "Irish-Nachos."  Johnny Fox's, like Robbie Fox's (Tempe), has got it right: great food that is traditionally themed, great service and great craic (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Craic).It's a good place to just grab drinks or have a nice meal.
5	So it was Saturday night and my girlfriend wanted to try eating somewhere new.  We have our favorites, but sometimes get bored.  We ventured out to 'Restaurant Road' and came across Johnny Fox's Public House.  Very nice atmosphere, cool furniture and tall ceilings.  It has a very inviting vibe (if that makes sense).  For an appetizer we had potato cakes which oddly had egg on top.  It was good.For an entree, I had the Corn Beef sandwich and my girlfriend had the St. Patricks Day traditional Corn Beef, Cabbage and potatoes w/ carrots. Dessert was upside-down apple cake w/ toffee sauce and candied pecans.  A little too sweet for me, but very good.We both enjoyed our meals and had lots of left-overs.  The corn beef was extremely tender and lean.  Never seen corn beef so lean before.Service was great.  I drink a lot of water and the waiter was kind enough to come often to refill my glass.We are glad that we found Johnny's and will definitely be going back to try new dishes.
4	Went here on a friday night and had a awesome time with my friends .great eighties bands was playing and they were entertaining.  Will return
5	We went here for Mothers Day Brunch and Had a wonderful meal!! They had fresh crab legs, oysters, salmon, shrimp and fish . They also had breakfast items as well. The french toast was delicious!! There was also a carving station and desserts. This was the second week for the brunch. It as 18.00 per adult plus drinks and 9.00 for kids which inculded drinks!  Awesome!!
3	Ok food and only interesting crowd. They serve Tito's Vodaka so that worked.
4	This review is for the Sunday brunch buffet, as have never ordered off menu here.My 71 year old father bought a Groupon for Sunday brunch buffet  for 4, which included one Bloody Mary or Mimosa each, & was a great deal for $40. I was a bit leery as JF's has only been doing the brunch for about a month, & buffet menu was not mentioned on their website. We've recently been to another restaurant which couldn't keep up with the Groupon demand, but Johnny Fox's seems to, for the most part  have their act together. We arrived at 10:55 am, 5 minutes before the buffet was supposed to begin, and there were already about 40 people lined up outside the locked doors. By 11:00, there must have been 100, and they didn't open the doors until about 11:05 - first only allowing in the diners who had reservations. Make sure you book!We were seated at a great booth, the Irish music playing wasn't too loud, & the atmosphere was impressively authentic. The staff milling about were very polite. According to our friendly waiter, they made sure the restaurant was extremely well-staffed for the buffets.First the waiter took our drink orders, which was unique as we had a choice of the waiter bringing out glasses (for those of us who chose Bloody Mary's) to take ourselves to a build-your own Bloody Mary bar. The bartender traded the glasses for a fresh, cold pint glass filled with ice & a generous shot of vodka. The BM bar was very well stocked with several hot sauces, different condiments & pickles, and hot horseradish. It was really nice to be able to make it the way I like it.Back at the table, the waiter brought us large plates for the buffet, which is spread in a separate room. It was joyful to see the plentiful items - shrimp, salmon, sea bass, oysters, carving station ham & prime rib, leg of lamb chunks, stuffed pork loin, cold cuts, fruit, salads, as well as the usual breakfast items like O'brien potatoes, scrambled eggs, applwood smoked bacon, french toast, etc. The food was all elegantly presented & kept stocked. Food was overall very good, however our only complaints were that the hot items were not held hot enough (cold by the time back to the table); the lamb tasted somewhat "gamey"; the prime rib was surprisingly tough, and there could have been some poultry selections instead of just red meats & seafood. We all managed to fill a second plate, and were all stuffed! There were numerous selections of pastries & cakes to choose from for dessert.The only surprise on the bill was that there was no tax added, & the Groupon covered all but the tip.So for this review, the star rating goes as follows:Value: 5 - fabulous deal for $40; Service: 4.5 (being left to stand outside until 11:05 took half a star off)Ambiance: 5Selection: 4-4.5 Food: 3.5-4 (points off for temperature, tough beef)I would definitely go back for the Groupon deal for sure, and it is still a pretty good deal for the regular price of around $20/plate.
1	Our first time to this place was not memorable at all. We walked in and wondered about with no hostess paying any attention. Finally I asked her, if we can sit in the bar. She waived us which direction to go, no offering take us there, or offering menus. We sat at the bar table for about 15 minutes and at least ten waiters, bus boys passed by us without any acknowledgement. So, we got up and walked out. Again, hostess did not say a word. It was not a busy night and that makes it even worse. We are not going back to Jonny Fox's again!
3	Finally went to check it out in the afternoon and really enjoyed the food.  I was expecting a new decor from the previous Lis Doon Varnas but nothing had changed. The atmosphere on a Sunday afternoon was a bit blah but the food was good.
1	THEY RIPPED ME OFF SHAMELESSSS!!!!!!! The bartender brought my bill when I was ready to leave and he added 1 dollar per drink I guess he thought I was drunk or stupid!!!! When asked about it he said ah ah well I guess you got the in the biz discount at the bar? hhhmmmm bad idea to try this with afederal officer what a dork does his boss know he does this on A WEEKDAY!!!!!!!! wow never going back I sure hope i see him for breakfast at the joint soon. Be sure you check your bill and check what the REAL price for drinks are, how embarressing he must be to have to try to take people's money on an outside bar, I hope the popo that patrol the DUI alley by his bar get him one night -NO SHAME and then he didn't even ask if I wanted my change!!!!
5	This review is based on the times we have been there for dinner.I have had seafood stew that is quite good, a shepherds pie the was good, great Irish beer and nice low hum of conversation. We have eaten at two of the bars in different areas of the restaurant and both times were pleasant. The bar tenders were attentive and genial. We ate in the main dining area at a tall table, I think the seats could be a better height, but that is neither here nor there. Didn't affect my opinion of the place. Our servers in the main dining area were attentive and on the go, it was a busy night, and we were never forgotten. It was overall a good experience each time and has kept us coming back again and again.
4	We stopped in for a quick lunch on a Thursday so we had the place to ourselves, so service was very good. Looked like it would be a great  time on a Friday or Saturday night, bartender said they have live music on the weekend evenings.  We will go back in the evenings to check it out.  They had at least four bar areas plus a nice size outdoor area.  Food was great, the fish and chips are the best I have had since I left the east coast!!
4	MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITE BAR in the West Valley.I am pretty picky when it comes to what I consider my 'home bar', but I don't expect too much. When it comes to Johnny Fox's Public House, they have pretty much all that I need in a bar.FOODThis restaurant would receive 5 stars in my book, but because I am not a fan of authentic Irish food I can't call this place PERFECT for me, although it is pretty damn close. The desserts are amazing here, and that's what I can often times be found eating. The Jameson ice cream is to die for, and the red velvet cake is heavenly! Everything else is pretty foreign to me, literally. Bangers and mash? Lamb meatball sliders? Mussels and chips? This might all seem rather appealing to your taste buds, however, mine say 'negative ghostrider'! However, the wonderful staff and relaxing ambiance makes up for the non-appetizing entrees.DRINKS/STAFFYou can find a good drink everywhere, but can you find an equally as awesome bartending staff? I have had a good experience with every person who has ever served me. Particularly my boyfriend and I are fond of the bartender named 'Timmy'. He is attentive, friendly, humorous, and always takes care of us! When you work for the 'industry' (ex: bartender, server, etc) you are always looked after at Johnny Fox's. They offer a 25% off discount for industry folk, which really comes in handy! Getting even a little discount on my tab makes me feel welcome, like family, and who am I kidding.. it makes me wanna leave a better tip; these bartenders will take care of those who take care of them. PLUS, they always remember us!AMBIANCEI have heard this bar is slammed and busy on weekend nights, which is great for business and most people, however I prefer my bars quiet and humble. On weekend nights when the restaurant is a lot more lively I have heard they often times have bands, deejays, and groovin' tunes. They also have two bars inside and one outside; the outdoor patio is huge and offers an equally inviting atmosphere. I can often times be found at Johnny Fox's in the deep evening (between the hours of 8pm-10pm). The bar is a little emptied out, but that's just how I like it. This place is by far my number one pick when it comes to choosing a bar to hang out at.
4	My bf and I wandered in here to enjoy a beer and kill a half hour before a movie a few weeks ago.  I would sum this place up in one word: CHARMING.We sat out on the patio because there were two decent musicians doing acoustic covers.  The bartenders were attentive and knowledgeable about the beer selection.  I was impressed by the friendly staff, cleanliness, and overall charm of this English/Irish restaurant's decor. Our intention was just to have a drink, and then, the craziest thing happened - the large group at a neighboring table was served some of the most delicious-looking food I have ever seen - and suddenly I just HAD to see a menu.  I sat there, minutes before we left to go to the movie, openly gawking at these people's food.  We are talking juicy steaks, garlic potatoes, sauteed garden veggies, and succulent sausages.  I had already eaten dinner, and yet I was practically drooling because that food looked and smelled so good.After the movie, we could not resist but return to try the fare.  I'm a sucker for a good fish fry, so we split the walleye and fries with an added side of sauteed summer squash.  The portions were large, the taste was amazing, and the veggies were as good as they looked.  We could not help but try the bread pudding; I was smitten.This place is NOT cheap; if it were less expensive, I would have probably been back several times.  Drinks, dinner, and dessert for two adds up quickly.  However, it is the kind of place I would take a guest from out of town or celebrate a special occasion. (Or, it is a great choice if you know someone else is going to pick up the check ;) )  It is definitely a good value, though.I look forward to my next visit!
1	Was there tonight  was seated around 6pm. Terrible service. Left after waiting  twenty minutes for the server to come back to take our order. Won't be returning.
2	The plus side is that it has a nice decor and is cleaner than a real Irish pub, well lit and the bar looked nice.  The bad side is that the food was not very good.  Seeing that I have eaten in both Irish and English pubs you don't expect the menu to be very extensive but you expect it to be good and provide a good value considering that you are supposedly are dining in a pub.  The menu and the prices reflect more of a higher range as far as prices, I would say higher than their  immediate competitors.  I had the Guiness and Beef Cobler which consisted of some beef stewed using Guiness for that was about the only flavor of it, the serving was about a cup and the flaky biscuit was more of a crumbly dry biscuit, the vegetable was some unseasoned  squash.  Luckily I only ordered the smaller portion and it was $8.00   My companion ordered the Shepherd's Pie, it did look better and tasted better than what I ordered and was the same serving size that I received, she requested mushy peas as her vegetable but they were out of them and gave her the same squash.  If you want the Irish pub experience go to Ireland, for this is an restaurant and not a pub, the food isn't very good and in my opinion overpriced for what you get.  I guess that explains why there was no problem getting seating during lunch time on a Saturday, the adjacent restaurants looked like they were extremely busy.
5	I've been here twice, the first time by chance and second time by choice. The first occasion, my friends and I were in the area and I searched "live music" on my phone map. This place popped up so we decided to give it a try. Having lived in Boston and New Haven, CT this place totally hit home. The outside is made to look like an an old street in Ireland complete with thatched roofs and water wheel. The inside is sort of a mish mash but in a good way. If you blacked out the windows you would swear you were at least on the East Coast in a legit Irish Pub. We had the fish & chips with a side of curry, corned beef and cabbage, braised short ribs and the seafood stew... all delicious. Our favorite part was our waiter Tony. He was so much fun that the next time we went we requested him as our server. Once again we were not disappointed. Seriously looking forward to St Pat's day this year since this place is great AND on our part of town!
5	My husband and I love love love Johnny Fox's. Great happy hour with entire menu half price, $3 Jameson, live music on the weekends, fish fry Fridays, and great service. We used to go there often when it was Lis Doon Varna and were sad to see them close, but we love Johnny's now. The owners are ever present during busy hours, their dedication to service is very obvious.
2	We went to Johnny Fox's today (Saturday) with a party of 8 for after dinner drinks and dessert.  The following review is broken into two parts, as we had two very different experiences.The first half of the evening we were seated inside.  Although it was somewhat difficult to talk (the music was very loud), our server (Alex B) was great...she was very attentive, fun, and made sure to keep us well supplied with drinks. The drinks were tasty, reasonably priced and sized, and arrived quickly. I was the only one of us who actually ordered dessert, and went with the bread pudding.  It was pretty decent...nothing special, but tasted good, decent texture, and was presented very simply but nicely.After a couple of hours, we decided to move outside to listen to the band that was warning up; they turned out to be a a blues band called The Blues Revue.  Although a blues band was unexpected at an irish pub, they were a lot of fun.  Sadly, our server outside (Thomas C) was nowhere near as attentive as Alex: even though Alex told him were were moving out there, we were ignored for the first 15 minutes outside until we finally got a busboy to get his attention.  Over the next 2 hours he stopped by our table twice; we saw him intentionally looking at us, then ignoring us when we tried to signal him over to order another round.  When we decided to leave, it was a nightmare trying to get our check and get my card run to pay for the bill...it took multiple requests and waiting for over 30 minutes to finish the process.While we are leaving town and therefore won't be back regardless of the service, the three other couples with us all agreed that it was a disappointing end to the evening. One of the couples had regularly gone there since before they were Johnny Fox's (when they were Liz Doon Varna), but doesn't think they'll return. So, in a nutshell the drinks were good, prices were ok (about $200 between the 8 of us over the course of the evening), and the service from Alex was great, but as it only takes one bad server to ruin a dining/drinking experience I'm rating it 2 stars.
5	We have only been here three times, but plan on being back when are in the neighborhood.  Each time has been different from our end (once as a couple, another with friends, the last with our baby), and in each unique visit, everything was great.  The food is great, the atmosphere warm.  The drinks are crafted, not poured!On our last visit, we had Sean (spelling?) as our server, and he was awesome!  He took the time to welcome us, go through our menu questions, make suggestions when asked, not as a "salesman", and was attentive to our experience.  He also recommended similar places throughout the Valley once he found out that we lived nowhere near JF's.Overall great.  Thank you Johnny Fox's!
2	Food was.... o.k.   Server was AMAZING. But the other servers were REALLY loud and running around like teenagers... Then some kid in a wife-beater came in, he kinda looked like a gang banger, he was talking to the staff and making it really obvious he worked there. I'm not an idiot and I know the people that cook that work at restaraunts aren't exatly the creme of the crop (hence why they are in food service) but to be so "in your face" that some thug with ghetto tattoos and penguin pants on is making your food... not cool. Not professional. Staffing behavior here needs to be re-evaluated.
3	This is a really neat looking place and probably the best looking Irish restaurant I have visited. Both the outside and inside are beautiful!I have been here a couple of times and once was for St. Patrick's Day. I had a lot of fun and would give the restaurant a higher rating, although I don't find the food to be all that good and its kind of expensive.They went all out on the decor, which I love, but I wish the food was a little better!
5	My wife and I have gone past this place dozens of time, but had never tried it. I asked several friends, and all said it was excellent, so we visited on a Friday night two weeks ago. We really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere, so we returned last Friday and sat at the bar, inside. Had different dishes (The beef rib in Guinness is to die for), and for those who enjoy Scotch, they have an extensive array of high end Scotches. Mon thru Fri, the whole menu is half price, and we intend to work our way through the rest of the menu. The flavors, the presentation and the service have been outstanding each time we have visited. The waiter and bartender were extremely helpful and friendly. Highly recommended. It is now one of our favorites.
4	Usually come here on Friday nights with my friends who are regulars.Food is pretty solid the lamb meatballs and Johnny's nachos are very popular with our group. Even their ranch dressing is really good and I am not a big ranch fan. I also like the Guinness stew.The only thing keeping this place from being a full 5 stars is that it's probably a bit on the pricy side for what it is. Beers start at $6 (i think I haven't had one cheaper) and pretty much any food item is $10+ with sandwiches at $12. Shave a couple bucks off and they would be in solid 5 star contention.The service here is also good as all the servers are friendly, keep up well with groups and splitting checks (always hard since our group can be anywhere from 4-12), and they are willing to joke around with us and not throw us out (always a possibility with our non-pc humor and discussions).
5	Great food, beer and service. This is a terrific pub!!!
5	I like to think that I seldom give 5 stars ratings to any restaurant but this Johnny Fox is a stellar light. My wife and I both LOVED it.It's like a trip into a charming pub in Ireland.  Let me say up front that I've never been to Ireland but I've spent a great deal of time in England and this place is far superior to any place I've been to in the UK. or Phoenix version of English pubs for that matter.  The place has a wonderful decor with plenty of wood decor.  It has a lot of little rooms that go off to themselves for those who need to get away from the crowd. The interior of the great room has a large skylight which makes the dining room appear modern and comfortably well lit.The music is a wonderful selection of Irish sounding music.  Nothing jarring, just well put together and in wonderful taste.Our server, Tom, was wonderful.  He was attentive and helpful.  The kind of server who keeps his distance but who is there when you need him and not there when you don't.The food!! Ah, yes the food.  My wife and I had the special for the day, Corned beef and cabbage.  All you can eat.....$10.00.  Now that's a deal.  I figured first that there must be little corned beef and alot of cabbage. (I hate cabbage).  We tried it anyway and it was delightful.  Four slices of corned beef, no fat,  and cabbage (I really liked the cabbage and I said before that I can't abide cabbage)  One plate filled my wife up and I had a second helping.....four more slices of wonderful corned beef with cabbage.  Also, I forgot to mention that there were also carrots and roasted buttered potatoes served on the plate.It so happens that every Thursday is Corned Beef and Cabbage special.  Today, of course, being Friday, it's fish and chiips.Until now the king of Irish restaurants has been downtown but from what I've experienced yesterday, The King is Dead!!Long live the King!!Try this place out you won't forget it.  There's also live music beginning at 6pm but the real party starts at 9.There's even a brunch on Sunday.
4	My husband and I finally had a chance for a date night. We wanted to do dinner and movie. After looking at reviews and show times, I saw that we could hit their happy hour and then catch the flick. The happy hour is advertised as 3-6 M-F where everything is half off. So we planned our Friday date around that. So husband got off work early so we could hit the happy hour. It was packed!. We got there around 525 and there was already a wait. The place was packed! Fortunately, the bar was available so we sat down there. Well, we were in for disappointment because we found out that they no longer do that amazing happy hour on Fridays. You just have some drink specials and a smaller menu. We were very sad. We picked ourselves up by the bootstraps and carried on though, and ordered from the happy hour menu.I ordered the shrimp poppers and he got the fish fry. The fish fry is all you can eat. Anyways, we enjoyed our drinks and waited for our food. The food came and my husbands fish were chicken tenders. They also ran out of cocktail and tartar sauce.Now I know you are thinking? Well, why are they ranking this place 4 stars? Sometimes it is not about the experience, but how they handle it and fix things. People are busy and are going to make mistakes. Johnny Foxes recognized that they messed up, and they gave us a big discount on the meal. That is true customer service and we appreciated that. So would I go there again? Yes I would. They offered excellent customer service and I appreciated that. PS they have groupons a lot so keep you eye out
2	This place is ok, but we probably wouldn't go back.  The good part is the nice selection of draft beers, and good friendly service.  However neither of us were impressed with our meals.  I had a house burger, which was rather thin, dry, and overcooked (ordered medium rare, they say they cook to order).  Not terrible but just a rather generic burger.  My wife ordered a spinach and cheese dip that had extremely little cheese.
2	So this place looked like it had the potential of relying on novelty without the quality to back it up, like so many other places in Phoenix that try their hand at originality. It turned out to be not so bad. It wasn't the greatest place I've been, it wasn't nearly the greatest Irish pub I've been, but it was ok. Not three stars A-OK, but just ok. I'm not a huge fan of Irish pubs to begin with, just because there are so many of them in the Valley and it's hard to find one that has the deep character and history to make it a good pub. Most of them just rely on the novelty of being an Irish pub and fail to hold up. And it's always an Irish pub. It's like it's state law or something that if you open a pub around here it has to be an Irish one. However, this is one of very few places in the Peoria area that isn't a chain restaurant. Nobody does chains like the greater Phoenix area! So I wanted to try it. On the outside, they did a great job making it look like an old Irish cottage type house. Very inviting compared to the strip malls around here. The inside was pretty cool. It had a lot of character. Plenty of books stacked in corners and in bookcases on the history and social aspects of Ireland. There was an entire wall of photos of JFK. So, in case you didn't realize that you walked into an Irish pub from the looks of the outside, there was no mistaking you were in one now. Aesthetic qualities. Where this place failed, and one of the only reasons I didn't give it more stars, were the prices. Definitely priced too high for the type of place it is. I even went during happy hour, and the prices were still too high for a pint, and even for the food. It was quite disappointing since the website clearly states "Half off entire menu!" and that was not the case at all. Go to this address: http://johnnyfoxspublichouse.com/ Look under the tab Events, and under the happy hour times you'll see it. Half off entire menu. No, they had a very small menu with select choices from the main menu that were almost half off, but the entrees were also half sized. I hate it when they do that. The beer was only a dollar off the regular price, but $3 well drinks. I got my staple, whiskey sour, which was a little on the sweet side. And they downsized my second one. Seriously. They brought it out in a smaller glass. Almost unnoticeable if you weren't paying attention. Maybe try that when I'm three or four drinks in. Not when I'm just starting. So I cut off the drinking at that point. The only really impressive part to this visit was the bangers and mash dish I ordered from the happy hour menu at $8. It was smashing. I can't see myself going back to this place, and that's mainly because of the prices. Too high for what it is. And also because of the false advertisement on the website. That was just irritating.
4	Awesome. Great patio setting and great beer. Food is really good as well. Go for the fish and chips. Patio gets loud when there is a band.. but it is a bar so..
4	I have only attended this place for their Sunday brunch but that is what keeps bringing my family back. You are always greeted with smiles and the wait staff is fast and talkative. We enjoy the fact that the brunch is loaded with food and for my husband meat choices. My daughter loves being able to eat all the fresh fruit she can and have a bunch of olives to go with it! My only compliant is that the buffet needs more room, it is often hard to navigate around other people or food.
5	My hubby and I were just there for a happy hour dinner.  Unbelievable!!  I had the best sea bass I've ever eaten, served with ginger rice and sauteed veggies (mostly yellow and green summer squash and onions).  The fish rested on a sauce that was delish, something with corn and slightly sweet.  I also enjoyed two glasses of the house chard which was nice.  My hubby had a huge plate of corn beef and cabbage with little red potatoes and carrotts.  And he enjoyed two glasses of Harp.  The bill was $37 total (without tip).  The trick is to go during Happy Hour (M through F from 3PM to 6PM).  All the food on the menu is 1/2 price and the food is wonderful.  There are also great prices on drinks during that time.  Our waiter was friendly and checked back frequently to make sure we were OK.  Nice Nice Nice.  I am looking forward to our next trip back.  Only trouble is now I don't think I'll order anything other than the sea bass!!
5	Im a fan of happy hour! i love this restaurant very classy but great prices, DELICIOUS! I SAY TASTY fOOD!Yaum!
5	I was introduced to Johnny Fox's about two years ago by a good friend. it is a nice place to visit.  food is amazing; a little pricey for me at present time but still delicious. i definitely recommend this place to my friends all the time.
4	Very impressed with this fun place at Arrowhead! Food was yum, service was pretty good! We were initially seated inside but it was such a nice night that we asked to be moved outside to the patio--NO PROBLEM! We got in a corner booth and it was perfect. The only thing that keeps me from giving this 5 stars is that for those of us not imbibing in alcohol...we had to BEG for refills. And those were sparse at best. Hate that. :(But, the food was quite yum. We had Fish and Chips, Shepherd's Pie, and Bangers and Mash. We also had the Corned Beef Nachos as a starter. All dishes were piping hot and very well seasoned without being over powering. I had the small portion of the Shepherd's Pie and it was just the right size. The side of veg on all of our dishes was sparse at best and very oily...and kind of an after thought but so be it. We also enjoyed the bread pudding, red velvet cake, and apple cake for dessert. The apple dessert really needed ice cream but was otherwise pretty good. The bread pudding was wonderful--not overly mushy. I'm not a red velvet fan but this one was moist and the frosting was super YUM! All in all a good visit and I look forward to going back soon!
2	This is nothing like the previous Lis Doon Varna (which was arguably one of the best Irish restaurants in this corner of the valley) - only the building is the same. Very slow service, and the food was super greasy. One of the few pluses are the deserts and small portion options.My daughter and I came in for lunch after an offsite school function. After getting an initial drink order in, it took quite some time for our server to return to take our main order.We ordered Curry Chips as an appetizer. Comparing to our local Irish Wolfhound, the curry had good flavor, but was far too thin to adequately coat the fries.I ordered a lunch portion Guinness and Beef Cobbler. It was bland and greasy. The Guinness flavor was there, but was overpowered by the amount of oil in the sauce. The puff pastry seemed like it had been prepared hours prior and wasn't all that warm. My daughter ordered the Chicken and Leek pie. It appeared to be topped with a very hard biscuit. The pie contents were oily and bland (needed salt).For both of our plates, the vegetable side had good flavor (sauteed with onions), but was also quite oily. Once we had finished our meal (or were ready to box the remains), it took some time to get our server's attention for both refills and to order desert.There was some redemption for desert. I ordered some bread pudding (to take home to my wife.). I took a few bites before packaging it up. The sauce was sweet and pungent of the whiskey used to make it. My daughter ordered something chocolaty that she claimed was heaven.I suppose if they had some sort of live event where I was only eating desert and beer, I'd be compelled to return, but I wouldn't recommend this place for any sort of solid Irish fare for a main meal.
4	Love this place, good live music in the outdoor area and its not to loud. Very friendly and they have all the Irish Beers! A nice place to unwind on a Friday evening.
3	Great food choices with many different items you will not find everywhere. The fish and chips were very good and they give you the option of Cod or Seabass. I had the Seabass and enjoyed it very much. Service was a bit rushed but good. Many restaurants ask if you want dessert before you are finished with your dinner and I do not like that. I want to go back and try the Lamb stew. Worth a visit. Three bars in a large multi room restaurant so seating is quick at rush time if you are willing to sit at the bar. Give it a try!
2	This barley got 2 stars. Took my family there for Mothers Day Brunch and although some of the breakfast items were tasty the rest was less than desirable. The table was filthy with gum under the chairs that you had to scoot in. The bathrooms were just disgusting. It was 100 outside and 85 inside. The server we had was sweet and attentive but the serving staff at the buffet were rude and presentation was not important to them at all. By the way assorted desserts really means some dry coffee cakes and nothing to write home about. Also they charged us for my nephew who should have been free and even Ice tea was not included in the brunch price. We will not being going back there. We did mention this to the Manager on our way out very politely and we just were looked at like we were crazy.. you win some and you loose some they just lost 5 customers :(
4	You have to love the layout if this place.  Ample areas to select based upon your group size, friendly staff, and decent selection of beer.  Plus, the hummus is awesome - not even traditional Irish/British fare.Heard this was closing? Shame, shame :(
5	Had Brunch here today.  Fantastic Prime Rib !  Shrimp salad was great as well.  Enjoyed the walk up do it your self Bloody Mary station. Great way to set it up.  Our waitress was right on time, offered refills and clean plates (for seconds) without our asking.  The manager came to the table twice just to check on us and made sure we had the right seating for the baby.  All in all a very nice fathers day in a fun pub.  Will be back.
1	Can't believe this place is still in business.  We went to the Harkin's Theater for an evening movie and decided to have a later evening dinner after, reverse of our norm.   Upon leaving the theater we quickly realized that we would have to walk somewhere to eat dinner since the roads in the vicinity were in gridlock, the Peoria Stadium had just finished up their 4th of July festivities.  We were quite happy to see Johnny Fox's Public House on the end of the parking lot.  The outside of the building looked inviting so we decided to try it.  We were greeted by a very nice blonde hostess who quickly brought us to a cozy booth in the bar area.  As she sat us, she handed us 3 regular menus, and 3 "late night" menus (it was 10:05pm).  I excused myself and went to the restroom (which was far from clean).  On the back of the stall door and by the sinks I noticed posted signs that discussed their happy hour and times, 10pm being "Reverse HH".  Right after I sat back down at the table, the hostess began picking presentation signs up off of all the table.  I noticed it was the HH signs.  Hmmm.  About that time, the server came back to our table and said "Sorry, the kitchen has taken down their line for the regular menu, we only have the late night menu", and he removed the menus from our table.  I then asked about the HH.  He said that they didn't do HH on holidays (not stated on the flyers, table menu or even their website that I looked at later).  Since we needed time to look at the alternate menu, we asked for a few minutes to decide.  I looked around and other tables that were just being sat were still being given the standard menu, even though by this time it was well after 10.  We asked to speak to the manager.  A dark haired man in a cheesy royal blue jacket came to our table side.  When I told him our concerns and said we would not be ordering anything else and would like to pay our check (my husband had ordered a drink), he just said, "I'm sorry you feel that way,  would you like me to take care of that for you" (meaning our bill).  I figured he would at least give us HH price on the 1 beer, but no, instead he ran our credit card for the full amount and brought it back. I have to say, we go out to eat about 3-4 times a week and with all of the wonderful restaurants to choose from in the Phoenix are, we will not make the mistake of going to Johnny Fox's Public House ever again.
1	Here for the first time. Outside enjoying the live band, but not enjoying my experience since this venue allows smoking within 20 ft of door. Apparently AZ law's do not apply here at this venue.
5	If you happen to be up ever on a Sunday morning between 10 and two and you happen to live in the area of Bell Road you would be very ignorant not to try Johnny Fox's the best brunch I've ever had in my entire life right up there with the Biltmore fashion park right up there with the brunches at the Biltmore the meet is absent incredible they have everything you could ever want for breakfast including lamb ,ham And animals spam It's all there on The buffet it is a don't miss experience
4	Missed the Fish Fry special Saturday.  Nice enough folks, live music, nice outdoor patio.  I had a chance hang out with friends here.  Amazing in the winter I bet.  Can't wait for the cool season to check this place out.
5	It felt like you combined a rustic cottage with a cathedral, breathtaking interior design. Loved the authentic design and cultural aspects of this pub, which combined with their friendly staff, unique lighting (low lighting in many areas and then BAM has a skylight as well), and raw/real crowd gave it a fantastic atmosphere. Whether you want to go out with family, friends, or dates it's practically great for everyone. Oh and there's three massive bars, a 270 degree bar at the front, a normal 180 bar, and a horseshoe bar outside. There's authentic Irish food, some English food on the menu, as well as more familiar American items if you're not the adventurous type. On Friday and Saturday nights on their outdoor patio and horseshoe bar they have live music.
4	This is another one of those cases where the quality of the food doesn't quite meet the quality of the service.  We LOVED the food!  My lamb shank was tender and the barley gravy perfectly done.  Our waiter just seemed to be a tad off.  Maybe a bad day or worrying about the impending storm.  Not sure but we tried awfully hard to get him to smile and to engage him in conversation.  Wednesday is also 1/2 price night so you couldn't beat the price.  I would come back again...give him another try, too.  To his credit, the beer he suggested was perfect for my taste.
2	I will always love the place for its wonderful decor, but was saddened to be greeted most recently with tunes reminiscent of a Miami club. The music improved as we sat for dinner and changed back to the traditional Irish music I was hoping for and expecting. The food was decent when we started coming here a few years ago, but has continued to go downhill unfortunately. There is so much potential, but until they improve the menu and embrace their Irish roots, I don't see things getting any better. A good potato soup and an improved Guinness beef stew would be a huge boost to the offerings. I want to love this place, but currently the only things bringing me back are the great facade, the Kennedy room, the beer and the dessert. The west valley needs a great gathering spot and this could be it. I hope the owners give it a little more love and bring it to the place it ought to be.
4	Happy hour was great.  Loved the pulled pork sliders and the fried calamari.
4	I've been here twice now, one time sober and another time spontaneously while bar hopping...(aka not so sober). I've,sadly, only sat at the bar for a drink or two but the dining area seemed perfect for a cute wine and dine with a date, family, or friends. The entire restaurant reminded me of some sort of fancy house that all these people were invited to for a special celebration of some sort... And they all don't know each other so it's public yet private at the same time haha maybe that was a bad narrative but hope you get my drift.The bartenders are always.. And I mean always, very polite, very knowledgable about the drink selection, and are just the right amount of social to help make the place feel a little more like home. I would prob come here alone if I ever mustered up the courage to do that (grown up business..I'm not there yet). All in all, great place! But I am waiting to try their food before giving them the last star
4	Alright, so after a long hiatus, I tried this place again.I had the Sheppards pie, which was decent, not great, but decent. Half off food for happy hour?? Yeah I'll probably be back.*edit* they no longer have the half off menu. no reason to go back :(
5	This is an authentic Irish pub! I had the Bellybutton, wonderful! can't wait to go back!
4	After my favorite bar down the street closed down, we needed to find a new place to grab a quick beer. I think we found it. We've been here a few times before but always at really odd hours on really odd days when it's slow. We finally came in early on a Saturday night and it really shows what this place is made of. Our bartender was really personable and he was able to have quick, relatable conversations with all of his customers sitting at the bar. The selection is mostly Irish (lots of scotch, whiskey, Irish beers,etc) and we've never tried the food, but the atmosphere is friendly and it's a great place to get together with friends. Service is the main thing here and they have it down pat.
5	Came here to test out food for our company celebration, it was great! We booked and then had a really good time. Nice beer selection.
4	Best Irish Sunday breakfast buffet in town...bit pricey (adult: $18) but so worth it, and one that certainly can lead one to sinful gluttony. The Irish sausage and the creamed salmon are the real deal. Polite, attentive and yet not intrusive service. Five stars were the dessert selections a bit more interesting (note to management, if they're reading: sherry trifle!). But truth be told, you'd have to be a trencherman or -woman of truly heroic appetite to feel the need for a closing course of sweet after a swoop on this buffet. Plan for a post-prandial hour or two to devote to reflection and digestion after a Sunday morning at Johnny Fox's.
1	Place closed with no notice. Two days after they sold me a gift card. Gave to a good friend for Christmas. Guess we are out of luck getting our money back.,,
5	Love, love,love this place! Happy hour is amazing and the food, drink, and service has yet to disappoint! We can't wait to go back!
4	Really sad that this place closed... I hope someone buys it and keeps it an Irish pub!!
