4	My wife bought me a humidor for my birthday and I didn't have any sticks to fill it with.  I didn't really know what I liked about cigars so I went in, described what I liked about booze, women, and life on the edge.  One of the owners (who's name escapes me) was incredibly helpful.  He helped me pick out cigars that were in my price and flavor range.  From that I discovered the Tatuaje by Don Pepin Garcia.  This cigar remains my favorite to this day and I now keep my humidor stocked with Don Pepin cigars from cigarbid.comThis store is a great place to socialize with other cigar smokers, the selection of cigars, pipe tobacco, and accessories is huge.  They have a private club which looks awesome but even as a non-member it's a great place to hang out at (non-club side of course).  Check it out!
5	This place is a pipe lovers dream. There's a variety of affordable quality pipes there, some fantastic tobacco's, and a wide selection of lighters and accessories. They have a huge cigar humidor as well. Even some hookah stuff. There's even a little indoor smoking lounge, which is a rarity for me because I'm from Seattle where smoking is practically criminalized. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in AZ.
4	I work nearby and never knew this place was here until I was referred by a friend. It is a hidden gem. I do not even believe they have a sign outside, and its on the back of the building facing away from the street, but if you can find it you are in for a treat. They have a huge lounge area where you can watch a ball game or play cards while you smoke, and the walk in humidor is stocked with great cigars. They do not have most of the big names like punch which I like.. They force you to try some of the smaller boutique brands, but most of which are better than the big name cigars. They carry a full line of My Father Cigars and Aging Room Cigars which have become my new favorites. If it weren't for The Tinderbox I would not even know these cigars exist. You will find me there once or twice a week!
4	I am in town for a weeks visit to AZ and I just went to this tobacco/ cigar store. They were most helpful and had some very nice pipes and pipe tobacco. The 2 recommended tobaccos are just great and I I scored a 2014 ST Pattys Peterson pipe while I was there. They have a beautiful cigar lounge on site which is roomy and well appointed. A great place to enjoy the sins of great tobacco. Cheers.
