5	I would highly recommend this company for window and/or door replacement.  Last November, we had them install dual pane windows with Lo-e and they have really help this summer in keeping the cool air from our A/C in and the hot sun out.  The pricing was fair and the warranty is excellent.Two weeks ago we had our patio door replaced by them and they did a fantastic job.  The sales rep called afterwards to make sure that eveything went as planned and their customer service department called a week after the installation to make sure that we were happy with the door and the work.
4	The absolute best deal I could find on windows, and beat the competitor prices by almost 2k. Installed them at the beginning of summer, definitely like the noise reduction and seems to keep the house cooler. They installed them fast and were very cordial. Do not see any decrease on our electric bill though, actually a slight increase. However to be fair, I'm keeping the house 2 degrees cooler than last year as well. Trust me, if anything happens to the windows and I need to use the service plan, I'll write in how that experience goes.
5	Nice and quiet in the house now! Can't wait to see how they do on a nice hot day versus my old single pane windows!
5	My neighbors and I have both used Window World for our whole house. My husband and I replaced 6 windows and the back sliding glass door. The crew was on time, very friendly, and very fast. The house is noticeably quieter and cooler with our upgraded windows. My neighbors and my family all agree that they did a great job for a great price. Would definitely recommend them to friends and family. Let me know if you want a referral coupon for $25 off your final price :-)
5	Absolutely awesome!!!!  From sales to installation.  The install crew was the best we have ever seen and we've been around a long time and had a lot done over the years.  They were absolute perfectionists and went above and beyond to make certain the job was as easy on us as possible.  I would give 6 stars to these folks!  The product is fantastic and our home is staying so well sealed now A/C/ is running much less often and the inside of our home is very quiet...we live close to a busy street and can't hear the traffic anymore!
