5	I used to see Dr. Manning when he was at Gateway Smiles at Signal Butte and the 60, and he has opened a new practice near Pecos and Recker. The office is gorgeous, and the staff is extremely welcoming. They treat you like a guest at the Ritz Carlton, and the dental chairs massage you while you're getting you're work done and watching your own personal tv tuned to the channel of your choice.The office is not all about aesthetics though. Dr. Manning is the best dentist I have ever been to. While he was preparing his new office, I saw another dentist in between who wanted to fill 8 cavities! Once his office opened, I went straight back to Dr. Manning, and it turned out I only had 3 cavities that needed filling. Dr. Manning is extremely kind and honest. He truly listens to my questions and concerns and does not make me feel rushed. As long as I live in Arizona I will not see another dentist. I definitely recommend checking him out if you're looking for a dentist. They have some amazing specials for new patients on their website, too.
5	First let me say I HATE HATE HATE going to the dentist.  I have had more dentist do wrong things in my mouth then right things. (I have no taste or feeling on the right side of my mouth due to a dentist hitting a nerve when taking out my wisdom teeth) We moved here two years ago so I was nervous about finding another dentist.  I had a friend recommend Dr Manning.  As the other review said his office is beautiful and the staff is amazing.  You watch TV while the chair gives you a massage.  I had 2 cavities the last time I went in.  One tooth they had been "watching" and another tooth that was just starting to look suspicious.  Dr Manning saw that I immediately had anxiety about the fillings (it is really hard to get me numb and I need a few shots)  He offered gas and a valum the night before.   He was understanding and very kind and even said, 'Let's just do one and watch the other one."  There is no pressure like I know other Dr's can put on you for "extra services."  I feel he is very honest and he really cares about his patients.  I am so happy I have found him since I am one of the pickiest people when it comes to dentists due to past experiences.  He does have one night a week he takes appointments at 5 (which takes a few months to get that appointment) and he has one morning a week he takes an appointment at 7.  My husband was put on the waiting list and they called to get us in.   They do what they can for everyone.
5	Dentists are mean, cruel, sadistic bastards!!!  Or at least that's what I thought till I went and saw Dr Manning.  Dr Manning has made Dentistry as fun as visiting a carnival (unless your afraid of clowns, then it is more fun then going to the carnival that is infested with clowns that scare the hell out of you.)  So I mean a fun carnival that doesnt have any scary clowns. Maybe a Carnival isnt exactly the right thing to compare it to.   Maybe i shoudl compare it to going to a Masseuse.  yeah thats it a masseuse.  The offices were very nice very clean and there wernt any clowns or screaming.  Just happy pleasant people. The dental assistant was actually able to take x-rays of my tooth without shoving a hard piece of plastic and cardboard into my skull. In fact it was very soft and comfortable.  I really was expecting more pain. Yay!!! Me!!!Dr Manning made removing my broken molar and act of bliss. First he rubbed Novocain on my gums so I wouldnt even feel him giving me the shots of novocain.  So I wouldnt feel him ripping this big giant tooth out of my head that was allready missing half of the crown.  As he removed this giant mass he explained that it would probably be a difficult removal due to the fact that most of the crown was missing and that the roots were actually curved into the jaw to make it more difficult.  But he kept working and pulling and being very nice about it. At no time did he place his knee upon my chest and pull (like my last dentist did when he was trying to remove one of my wisdom teeth).      At times he even sang Whitney Houston songs to distract me from the horrible noises and grinding that was going on in my mouth. At the same time his awesome assistant was able to use the dental vacuums and rinses to keep me from gagging and drowning on my own spit and small chunks of tooth.   Gently he worked and tugged and massaged that mean bastard of a tooth right out of my head.  Mission accomplished. I right this review because I was sure that today was going to suck. Because frankly I am a big giant sissy when it comes to tooth pain. And today. after that difficult extraction I have only taken 1 ibuprofen this morning and have not had any pain all day. Thanks Dr Manning you are truly an awesome dentist that makes me very happy that I picked you to extract my tooth.     When my wisdom teeth were removed My face, mouth, and head hurt for days.  You sir are a GOD among dentists.
5	I have been seeing Dr. Manning forever and a day. Best dentist ever, has a beautiful singing voice. His staff is the best.
5	I first started seeing Dr manning when he was at gateway smiles as well,he has seen myself and my daughters.He is a great dentist,that puts you at ease from day one.I have since moved to north Scottsdale and tried another dentist office that I left almost in tears,I have periodontal disease,and am on a budget.Some dentists just make me feel like scrum for not having proper dental care my whole life.Not Dr Manning,not ever.I have had abscessed teeth extracted by him ,no judgement at this office they are kind and.welcoming and I truly believe concerned about their patients.
