4	Got a coupon deal for a 60 minute massage here, CHEAP, so I didn't mind that it's a student clinic.  The spa is located inside the Pima Medical Institute so not very fancy, but the suite itself is decorated nicely and looks very much like a "real" spa.  I was greeted by a friendly receptionist, filled out paperwork and was soon met by my massage student.  She was friendly (although you could tell she was a student, just a little too shy/timid) and once in the private room, she asked me the typical massage questions... are there certain areas I want work on, what kind of pressure, etc.  She listened to me and checked in a few times during the massage to make sure I was happy.  The massage was great.  The music (your typical spa music) cut out a few times so it was kind of awkward silence every now and then, but otherwise I was very pleased with the entire experience.  Can't beat the prices ($25 for 60 minutes or $35 for 90 minutes), and I think I'll be back in the future, but get the 90 minutes next time.
5	Great experience!  Their new location is separate from their school.  You walk in and feel like you are in a spa environment.  Right away I was helped, asked if I wanted water, and told where the restrooms where.  I got in on time and the massage student did an excellent job.  It felt like getting a massage from a LMT.  Their was soft music, a heated massage table, and nice decor.   This is a great place and with fantastic prices!!!  Only $25 for 60 min.  You cannot beat that anywhere and this is their price year-round so you do not have to worry about buying Groupon-like deals.  Sure at some point the student graduates so you have to use different people but it so cheap.They also can send you an e-mail immediately when you book your appointment and for a reminder a few days before.  I would never consider going any place else again.
5	One word "AMAZING!" I have gone to some pretty pricy spas for massages. This place was better then any place I have ever been. The student was polite , knowledgeable and amazing. I felt so good afterwards. I will make this place , my only place for massages for now on! It was also so clean! which is always a plus and customer service was to die for!
5	Great massages, great prices, great experience
5	So happy I discovered this place!  Its very nicely decorated and peaceful.  The front desk girls are always friendly and I always get remindrs.  Great afforadable way to pamper and treat yourslf.
4	You can get massage by a student or a licensed therapist but the LMT's are more expensive , I think they are $39 per hour but still a killer deal.  I haven't seen a student yet but the people I talk to have nothing but positive things to say about them . Definitely worth a try
4	Just got done with my deep tissue massage. My experience was stellar. The option of getting a student to do the massage at a charge of $25.00 is no longer an option. But I was fortunate to get a deep tissue massage for $39.00. I am very satisfied and will recommend this place to anyone that wants an affordable quality massage.
5	The staff was extremely nice. This place is really clean and smells nice. This is my first time here and I had Jennifer as am massage therapist and she is wonderful. She asked what where my problem areas and made sure to focus on those areas. I really like this place because of the prices. I got an excellent massage and i did not have to break the bank.
