5	I got married here on Valentine's and they had an opening for my last minute booking. It was awesome! Everyone here was very, very nice and the performance was fabulous. It's the only way to get married! Our service lasted appx 20-30 minutes. Elvis sang three songs, we had a slow dance, exchanging of vows (Elvis style) and rings, they gave us Elvis sun glasses to wear halfway into the whole event. It was great!Their website claims that they have the friendliest service, the best Elvis, and the best value and I totally agree with all of that. Other places I called that same day were nearly double the price for the same packages. We saved 10% for paying in full when we booked on the phone and they also gave us a free upgrade to DVD (normally $40 extra - versus a VHS tape, and thank god because who uses VHS anymore) since they didn't have a limo which could pick us up.I had a great experience, and the couple who went before us was renewing their vows on their 40th anniversary. The first thing the lady said when she came out was "We should have done that the first time around!"
4	My husband and I had our Elvis Ceremony on December 20, 2009. It was absolutely so fun, low-key,low-stress, and very easy ---everything that I wanted from this.  Our parents had a blast and was dying of laughter during the entire ceremony.  I worked with Kristen on the phone and then met her on our wedding day, and she is so easy to work with and she is really on top of it.  Our elvis was so fun and high-energy and did a great job entertaining everyone.  The only hiccup we encountered was with our limo driver who was late due to miscommunication of our hotel.  We stayed at the MGM Signature and she was waiting for us at MGM grand.  When I called Kristen to advise that the limo was not here, it seemed that there was no way to contact the limo with cell phone service, i was told to wait another 10 minutes.  Not a good thing to tell a bride!!!We have our big proper ceremony scheduled for March 2010.  I'm positive it won't be as easy and low-stress!
5	cannot say enough nice things about these guys!  had a vow renewal at the sign earlier this month...  booking was painless, and the prices were very competitive.  the actual ceremony was everything i had hoped it would be.  elvis was incredibly nice and friendly and funny, and completely unfazed by our crazy friends...  it took probably 10 minutes for us to make our way up to the sign for the ceremony (it's a popular spot for photos), and he entertained us all with additional songs and poses.  the ceremony itself was funny and oddly quite sweet and romantic.  our photographer did a great job, and we got a CD of photos in the mail less than a week after the ceremony.  would recommend the elvis chapel to anyone!
4	I highly recommend this chapel if you are getting married or having your renewal vows in Las Vegas. The pastor is really nice and friendly. The chapel is pretty inside, and the prices are reasonable. And the packages include photographs and a video (though the video was not edited. Just a raw footage. All done by the same photographer and videographer who gives you the DVD and CD in just a few minutes after the ceremony. And when you leave, you do get a free book from the pastor about relationship. Overall the wedding ceremony was a short but sweet.Oops, no, I was not the one who got married, but if I do it in Las Vegas the next time I get married again, I would consider this place. But then again, that probably won't happen again since....oh okay, TMI. I better stop here, LOL. But if you find your true love and just want a low key fast wedding with just a few close guests, and the only way you can prove your love to each other is to get hitched, then this would be the place to do it without breaking your bank.By the way, I forgot to mention this important detail. Since I am a professional photographer myself, I asked if I could photograph the groom and the bride, and the pastor let us. Now if you go to other chapels in Las Vegas, for sure, they would never let you do that. Now that is a big plus for me in my book.
5	This is great place to get married.We did Elvis wedding and it was so much fun.People are nice there and Elvis is great.I also liked that they are upfront with any fees you need to pay and they also give you CD with photos and DVD with recording from your ceremony.From what I research other chapels ask you to purchase each photo for $10 and DVD is also extra.Chapel is big and you don't feel like you are in a can of sardines.You also get free live webcam that worked and our family in Europe could see us.Definitely worth the money.
5	We had such a great wedding here, I highly reccommend this chapel if you are looking for a fun, tacky wedding which is exactly what I wanted.  We went with the "Burning Love" package so Elvis sung three songs of our choice and presented us with "Elvis Glasses" halfway through the ceremony.  One of our songs was all shook up which we broke out in dance to mid-wedding.  The last song was Viva Las Vegas and he got our witness up there to do kicks with all of us while he sang.  The photographer did a great job, we are very happy with both the pictures he took (he gave us more than what he had to) and the video.  If you want a fast fun wedding this is the place to go!
5	From the initial booking to our limo ride back, I could not have been more satisfied. Everyone was friendly, courteous, professional, and enthusiastic. And, their prices were fair and very competitive with other chapels. My husband and i were in Vegas and as part of wanting to have a full Vegas experience, decided to renew our vows. The limo and the driver were on nice (and on time), and when we arrived it was all very quick and easy to get going. Elvis was an absolute hoot. He had us and our guests smiling, laughing, and singing the whole time. And although it was silly, it still felt special. The photographer was also very good. I was impressed not only with the pictures for our ceremony but shots from other weddings (some outdoors) that he did. Wedding or vow renewal, this place is great!
3	What a Trip! Just went here for our 10th anniversary to renew our vows. The limo was nice from the outside and looked like it had been destroyed by to many high school prom nights on the inside. The chapel was nice and had room for plenty of guest. Elvis was funny and entertaining. I felt like we were ammunition in a machine gun, the last wedding got into the limo as soon as we got out and we were in and out of the building in about 30 minutes. We waited for the limo to leave as long as the ceremony lasted. Even though we were rushed I'm still happy that we experienced an Elvis wedding.
5	we got married there one week ago and if I had the choice I would absolutely do it again. Kent the Elvis is wonderful, the photos and video we got were great and the whole experience was fun and still romantic!
5	It's been just over a year since our marriage at Elvis Chapel and I'm so happy that we choose here to get married.  Below is a link to our ceremony if anyone is interested to see what the experience will be like.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IwjhrxV0fLU
5	Hired Elvis to remarry my parents on the 50th wedding anniversary.  WE ALL LOVED IT!  It was funny, cheesy, and came equiped with a limo ride for 6 from the hotel, plus the package let me pick 3 songs, allowed video streaming, a disc of pics, etc.  It was the best part of our trip and I HIGHLY recommend this for anyone who wants to have a blast renewing vows.  Marriage is fine too, but you have to pay for a minister because Elvis is Elvis, not a minister.  :)  Great photographer, helpful staff, and a nice limo driver to boot.
4	That guy and I got married (!!!) here on 12/23.  We purchased the "Hound Dog" package.  It was awesome. All of my friends and family watched on webcam and we had a blast.  We asked for Kent (Elvis) to wear the white jumpsuit, and they professionally obliged my silly request.  I did most of my planning via e-mail and they were prompt and courteous.  Elvis was just over-the-top, hilarious and delightfully gaudy.I didn't give them 5 stars because of a few minor issues:-It felt a little rushed.  A few people missed the webcam ceremony because they tuned in right on time and we started a few minutes early.-I loved that there was an option for a Christmas theme, but I was a little disappointed that Elvis walked me down the aisle to Blue Christmas (That is a sad  song!!) and then used some obscure Christmas song in the middle.  I know it is supposed to be "Elvis's choice" but c'mon.   Play something we know.  I also thought there might be some Christmas/Holiday decor.   I would say that if the management reads this, they should do that next year.  It would add a little extra memory to the photos and the experience.The hiccups were no big deal because it was my wedding day and I was there to have fun and enjoy it.   I did.  I also have some surprisingly beautiful pictures (50!) on a disc that beautifully capture the smiling and fun my DH and I had that day.
5	Ever since we first got married, we have been talking about renewing our vows with Elvis on our 10 year anniversary. This year, we were finally able to make it happen! We looked around to see what kind of chapels are out there, and came across this one. After watching the video of Kathleen's wedding below, we knew that this was the place!The booking process went very smoothly, and they were very accommodating. We wanted to dress in costume, so they even gave me a recommendation for a hair stylist (Glamsquad, they were great!) On the day of, the limo driver picked us up and he was wonderful. Very sweet and friendly. He even gave us a recommendation for a great Thai restaurant because I told him I am a huge foodie :)The ceremony was a riot! Elvis is absolutely amazing! Very charismatic and energetic. We were cracking up the entire time! It was exactly what we wanted! The ceremony didn't last very long, but that was fine by us. It was silly and fun, and that was perfect for us. I uploaded some pictures...just look for the flapper and the gangster!
2	Limo driver was late picking us up. There is mandatory $40 tip to each of the three people: the limo driver, elvis, and photographer on top of the other fees (is ridiculous!) That's $120 already!Leaving we felt we were rushed out and they locked the doors on us. A homeless man came up to us and was bothering us, so one of the guests knocked on the door very hard with his key and the photographer finally opened the doors (after we knocked with our fists and rang the doorbell several times).Then the limo driver was late picking us up (about 30 minutes late even though we called him and he told us he was 10 minutes away). Went inside to talk to the photographer and he would not give us back the $40 tip we had to give the limo driver. The envelope was on the desk in plain sight and told us we could not get our money back. I bet if we said we wanted to ADD money to it, that would not have been a problem. Told us he is an independent limo driver even though the place's address and name are on the side and the photographer handles the money. Elvis impersonator was funny, kind of cheesy, but the photographer had an attitude and reminded us of the wedding guy from The Hangover except not cool and not funny. Elvis would make me want to go back, but the rest of the staff ruined our night.
5	me & the current wife! renewed our vows whilst in vegas with the kids in tow. The booking process was easy the cost was fair the look on my wifes face when we arrived at the chapel (i managed to keep it a surpise) was priceless! The ceremony was a blast and short enough to entertain the kids. Elvis was great fun and we laughed and danced our way through the whole thing. Defo a great fun experience and one that we will look back on over the years with a great big smile on our faces! Would highly recommend these guys for this type of fun service whilst in Vegas Baby...
5	Best.  Elvis.  EVER.  Booked a 10 year anniversary renewal with the Hound Dog package.  I was really excited about the "Elvis" vows.  Had a great time from the limo pickup to drop off.  All our guests were really happy.  Everyone was very helpful and friendly.  Elvis talked to us while waiting for the limo stuck in a traffic jam.  I only wish I had the option to buy ALL the photos the photographer took at the end.
5	Best experience EVER!  My husband and I renewed our vows after 20 years, and a lot of my friends thought I was crazy for selecting this venue... however after the event they ALL said it was AMAZING and totally worth coming all the way from Oregon, California, Kansas, etc...  The MC Elvis was just great, the facility was lovely, and best of all they did everything.  I didn't have to worry about a thing, the flowers were lovely, the photographer was GREAT!   We also had a Showgirl that was just beautiful and really added to the fun.  I would do this again, and again!   The performance was just great, and his singing was terrific.    Elvis made the whole event about us, and not about himself, we were the center of the performance, and he was very funny too... a great sport (My hubby is a ham) I would give my strongest recommendation to this place!!!
5	The experience was everything I hoped for after we watched a few you tubes and decided we liked this Elvis, vows, and ceremony. The photos and video are treasures. Everyone was so friendly and helpful and made it a really fun experience from beginning to end. Elvis is a true performer, the photographer is very professional, and the vows and ceremony were a hoot. They worked us in to their schedule since we had not reserved in advance, and even found a minister to come in on a half-hour notice. There are changing rooms, the chapel is lovely and there is great Elvis memorabilia in the lobby.  I highly recommend this chapel.
5	FUN FUN FUN!  We celebrated our 25th vow renewal with Elvis and 2 close friends. Elvis was hilarious and quite a ham!  The photographer did a fantastic job too. I price compared several other options. This was the most reasonable price and well worth it too.
4	I am remiss in writing this review.   If I could, I'd rate Elvis Chapel as 4 1/2 stars.   This was such a neat experience from beginning to end.  We got married 12/15/2013.  We booked the Memories package about four weeks in advance.  The company sent us a confirmation email with clear concise information regarding gratuities, date, time, and location of pick up.  Our wedding went off without one hiccup.  The limo arrived on time, the photographer's work was top notch and very economical.  Elvis had us laughing so hard we were in tears the entire ceremony which lasted approximately 9 minutes.  The total cost (including gratuities) was $450.  Elvis made this experience the most, romantic, happiest time of my life.    If you are looking for the $20,000 fairytale wedding, it would be prudent to look elsewhere.  I highly recommend Elvis Chapel to people who want to renew their vows in a humorous way, to people who don't believe it's necessary to go broke to get married, and to people who believe laughter and romance are intertwined.  Save all that money for an epic anniversary celebration or honeymoon.   The only criticism I have is the limousine was in pretty bad shape.  The door handle broke off, it was dusty inside,  and there was duct tape on parts of the seating.  A little bit of of monetary investment plus some elbow grease and this would be a five star experience.  Highly, highly recommend!
4	Fun and totally worth the price and extras! The staff was great & Elvis was hilarious!! This was the perfect wedding for us, since we're both goofballs & our fav movie is Love Stinks!!
1	This business is BREAKING THE LAW by refusing service to same gender couples who want to legally marry in the state of Nevada. This business has a business license which legally requires it to offer the service they provide to ANYONE. These people are the worst kind of people, hiding behind religion as a reason to be hateful bigots who discriminate. Jesus by the way, did not say to not serve gay people.
1	Currently not performing weddings. They were turning away same sex couples who wish to get married, due to religious reasons. This has some sticky legal ramifications, so in the meantime, they are booking no weddings at all. Is it just me or is claiming religion at a Vegas Elvis-themed chapel a little strange? You can be irreverent, but you can't be gay.You can, of course, choose to get married at a chapel that refuses to marry same sex couples.  In 20 years though, will you be happy to be on the wrong side of history?
5	We decided to renew our vows here for our 10th Wedding anniversary. The experience was the best Ever! Totally worth every penny! The Chapel is charming on the inside. The staff was warm and welcoming. They put us at ease, as we were a bit nervous. Elvis is amazing. He has a great voice, is really funny and yet very warm as well. The ceremony was a hoot and still very touching. The photographer was terrific. We love looking through all the pics and we bought the DVD so we could re-live the memories over and over. They were also the best price, so we could not be happier.
