5	I have had the pleasure of working with Joe, Omar, and the professional staff at eRealty on some of my Nevada-based transactions in the past, and look forward to more in the future.Some of the adjectives I'd use to describe Joe and his team of professionals...Courteous, prompt, thorough, knowledgable, quick, personable.Above all, it is a very efficient operation at eRealty.  For agents looking for a real estate broker in the Las Vegas area to work with, you owe it to yourself to give Omar or Joe a call to talk about the benefits of a partnership with eRealty.I sound like a paid commercial for them, but they really are great guys...very refreshing to see in the not-so-clean-cut world of real estate!
1	HORRIBLE Property Management company. Do not use them  to manage your rentals or rent any property they manage.They do not respond to repairs request. We had a damaged roof and it took them about 2 weeks of calling them, calling them, calling them, before someone showed up to take a look + fix the problem.The monthly rent is paid on time and include pool maintenance once a week.  we have been notifying them of a possible leak in the pool and we have to manually add water to the pool almost everyday so that  the pool pump is not blown. This was told to us by the pool service guy. The issue is now over 2  months and they still have taken very little action to correct the problem.We called the property manager  and they gave us the run around as to why it has not been taken care of week after week.The pool is now about 80% empty and turning green. Which is a health hazard, and our neighbor called the county about the health hazard of the pool. The city came and posted an notice of possible green pool violation or be cited. I called the property manager and told her she said " I would not worry about that notice at this time"  That was over a week ago and no response since. I called the broker and he said he was not aware of that the problem was not fix. And that someone would call me by the end of day. No calls from anyone.My advice is to stay clear of this company.  "eRealty" probably stands for Eek Realty.
5	Our company rented office space inside the erealty building when we were first starting out.  We had all of the amenities we needed and even formed friendships with their staff...receptionists and office managers. They were all very mice people and always worked hard to make sure we were comfortable and well taken care of.  Joe, the owner, was very accommodating and friendly and always available.  Highly recommend.
