3	This is my 300th review - the day is 30/12/2013 - I think it is no more appropriate than to write down my experience of the Edinburgh Hogmanay Street Party. Twice I have been here now and it is always a very, very busy affair. Yes it is outside.They close off City Centre and only paying guests can enter. Once in you stay in, because if you leave you cannot get back in again. You have to have a ticket to get in, they are very strict with the do not bring alcohol / bottles and will search your bag and there are metal detectors paddles. There will be stands that sell beer, there will be a queue. There will food truck that sells burgers, chips, hot dogs and what have yous, there will be a queue. There are portaloos, yes, yes, there WILL be a queue.Every year there are around 80.000 to 100.000 people (oh sorry 'revellers'), you certainly will not be alone. Possibly you'll loose your mates at some point, but you certainly will not be alone. The fact is you will have one of the best views of the fireworks and you can see live broadcast on big screens of the bands playing in the 'Party in the Park' - of which you are not part of, but you can say you were close by. I personally think the hype is just that. Yes,Though I agree you must have done it at least once in your life. It is one of those bucket list thingies. But don't dwell on the 'fantastic times' to be had - really, it could be raining (which is most certainly a given as you are in Scotland after all..)This year we are not going. We decided that the privilege of paying to have a good view of the fireworks, getting soaked and catching a cold whilst queueing is not worth it. We stay in a nice bar instead on comfy sofa and a bottle of champers. Happy Hogmanay - wherever you are celebrating it!
5	My first time abroad and this was the event I chose. As a previous reviewer wrote, sure there were plenty of ques, but the wait wasn't that long. Don't go if you don't like crowds and getting really friendly with strangers. In an environment like this with so many people all vying for the best spot to see the fireworks, expect to be snuggled up with 80000+ of your favorite strangers. :)I stayed in a hotel right on Princes Street and was fortunate enough to have tickets supplied to me through the hotel. I can't imagine why you'd need to go outside the party zone after 11pm. (There is no re-entry after 11pm - but there is up until then with a ticket/wrist band.)Amazing fireworks. Several stages with bands playing alone the side streets. Quite a few food and beer trucks scattered along the street. I really enjoyed this event this year and would definitely go back again, hype or not.
