5	I go out of my way to get my gas here.  Why? The staff is always courteous, the store is clean and their gas prices are consistently $0.08-$0.15 cents cheaper than other stations just down the block.  Combine that with the fact they accept Fry's Fuel Points and it really lessens the blow of dropping $$$ to fill up your tank.
4	I mostly get gas at Costco, but when I have Fry's Fuel Points, this is the gas station  that I hit up. For the most part, it is convenient because I live by it, but even when it's not convenient (like, when I am out shopping or working across town), I still make it a point to get to this gas station to fill up, even if it means running down to the last drop of gas.The reason being is because it is at least a dime cheaper than other Circle Ks.  Sometimes, it is the same price as Costco!  So, if you have 200 or 300 fuel points,  you can get gas $.20 or $.30 cheaper than Costco.  My husband says it's not worth the effort that I put in to save just a few dollars on gas.  And, maybe he is right.  But it is so expensive these days, like everything else, and it just makes me feel good when I see the price get down to like $2.97.  It reminds of the good old days, like back in 2005.The problem is though lack of parking.  So, the gas station (which is small), always appears to be packed.  But if you look closely, most cars are empty.  These people really need to read my Yelp review about QT.  There is nothing special about soda or coffee from  this particular location.  It is all about the cheap gas.
3	I stopped into this gas station today for an emergency soda (and gas). There was a sign taped to the door that said, "Ice is only for use with soda machine."  Ok...noted...won't be stopping there to refill my water bottle while running!  Inside, the store was littered with signs repeating the exact same thing. I took a 32oz styrofoam cup next to the soda machine (that had a sign to remind me that ice was for soda customers ONLY).  I was getting a soda, so I also got ice.A voice bellowed from the front counter, "ICE FOR SODA MACHINE, ONLY!!"  I think its a bit presumptuous to assume that your ice is so cold and wet that every time someone uses the soda machine, they are stealing. Obviously this location is battling something -- people overusing ice, homeless people using ice, people using ice for coffee, people licking ice and putting it back -- I  have no idea but I hope they put an end to the madness!!
1	Fuel points scam! Avoid this Circle K like the plague you will regret patronizing this location! First, always a long line.  They have problems with vagrants and various miscreants so therefore their treatment of those individuals blatantly trickles down to their paying customers.  You will see signs about this and that, not doing this and that etc. and you will see disgruntled employees who don't care about serving you in a timely or friendly manner (there are a couple exceptions of course).  I have paid for gas here on at least five occasions where every time my Fry's Fuel Points are rejected or suddenly "non-existent".  The first time he clerk yelled "REJECTED!" in a loud tone referring to my fuel points (at the time I had 800 valid and useable points!!!). The second time I went in (the pump never takes my card or alternate ID suspiciously), the clerk waited until I FULLY PAID to inform me that the fuel points "weren't working in the system" tricking me into paying full price right under my nose. The VERY LAST TIME I made the BIG MiSTAKE or coming here, I again went inside with my 500 fuel points, worth at least 20 cents off per gallon, the clerk informed me, after running my debit card of course, that since it was "the first of the month" my points were no longer valid!!!!!! I said no that's not how they work, (points are good for two months at a time), and the clerk said to me as I stormed off "It ISSS HOW IT WORKS AT CIRCLE K!!!!! CHECK YOUR POINTS!!!," In an extremely loud and rude sarcastic tone!    I have ONLY had problems with THIS Circle K in redeeming fuel points and I can say with absolute confidence that they are running either a scam or simply do not want to participate in the program.  This prompted me to not only contact the corporate office but also seeking out the manager of the store (who currently remains elusive not surprisingly).  Steer clear of this dump, they just SUCK and disappoint on so many levels and worst of all, they run a dishonest business with rude, misinformed employees!!!!! Never again!!!!!
1	The worst circle k I have EVER been to!!! I have been going there for years $50 has a week and a soda every day and a pack of ciggs every day. The past year they have had an old lady I'm there who is slow as molasis and gives me dirty looks every time. They don't have Ice 90% of the time after 5pm.  Oh don't try to get $50 in gas and pay with a $100 dollar bill. The old lady will refuse because she is so scared of being robbed at 6 pm ...I'm 31 yes old and have NEVER IN MY LIFE SEEN SUCH AN UNORGANIZED, UN PROFESSIONAL, DIRTY , circle K with such rude employees. Disgusted and will spend my $100 a week elsewhere just so they don't get my business.
