2	After catching a show at the nearby V Theater, wandered over to Blondies when it was still located in the Aladdin Resort & Casino name.  It was probably a Tuesday, and that meant all you can drink beer and well drinks for $10.  Walking into the back, tables of beer pong were in full action and it reminded me of fraternities gone wild.  There were even girls making out for the mere sake of making out in Vegas and having guys gawk at you.  (It wasn't even that late yet and the girls were far from drunk!)  Bartenders were less than friendly, probably because they aren't making any tips during all you can drink beer nights.  And with that crappy attitude, what's the point?  It's a bit of pain, they won't even let you in to eat or watch the games on the television without paying the $10 up front.  So, that part sucks alone.  They make you wear one of those bracelets anyway saying that you paid for all you can drink, so why not let other people in to eat?  I personally wouldn't bother returning. I'm not interested in revisiting college frat life.  But if that' what you're looking for or am missing, swing on by!  You'll fit right in with your Greek letters.They apparently have a happy hour here too.
1	All I have to say about this place is GROSS.
2	Not the highlight of my Vegas trip.. The waitresses are dressed in high school cheerleader outfits but their attitudes were shitty.. Like they were pissed that they had to dress in stupid uniforms and serve us.. hello, you applied for the job, no one put a gun to your head. The prices are expensive for normal, boring American fare, the waitresses are not sexy, pretty or charming and the food was just OK.. I like sport bars so it is hard for me to give only 2 stars, but in this case I will.
3	$10 for a simple sandwich? That's what you get in Las Vegas. I had Philly cheese steak and Reuben sandwich. Both are just OK.It's in front of V-theater of Miracle Mile shop connected to planet Hollywood. BTW, why is it called blondies? There is no single blond waitress in it. All hooters girls have big breasts, and people know what type of waitress they will get if they go to hooters. But if you go to blondies bar, you will get a black hair waitress.
1	We were starving after we arrived in Vegas! Too bad we decided to eat here for our first venture. It was convenient but that's not saying a lot. So were lots of things.What's not good here:Expensive food that was just ok.My meal didn't come out with the other three. I had to flag down a different server and ask about my meal. I guess our server was "done" with us.You can't get a glass of ice water here. Well, you can but you have to pay for it. A bottle of water only, for several dollars! No tap water served here. No glass, no ice. Weird. Well, it's the "water is a top commodity" thing......Ok, time to pay. Our hotel had given us coupons. We each had $10 off. We didn't want to do anything strange. We were just two couples who wanted to split the bill. Don't try this here. Our server would not, could not, did not split our bill. It had already been rung up she said and no way to change that now. So, we could only apply one coupon and she wasn't happy about that even as the bill had been rung up. She saw the coupons when we sat down but said nothing and did not take them. Had she perhaps not been in such a hurry to get back to her friends, maybe she could've paid more attention to our order. Then she went into her diatribe about us not having told her we were using coupons from the get-go, blah, bah, blah. Ok, whatever! We did, but whatever!If this place wasn't so pricey for the rotten food (and no drinking water), we would not have wanted or cared about getting any $ off at all!She said we could take it off her tip.We did.
2	EHHH...My friends came to Vegas and wanted to try this place out because they had coupons for it. I expected it to be blah, since I checked the reviews of the place before hand. I ordered their chicken sandwich, which was grilled (and BURNT AND REALLY TOUGH/HARD ON THE ENDS OF THE BREASTS!) Oh my gosh! It made me full though, since I didn't eat anything that morning and afternoon. The only thing I ate good here was the curly fries (and the honey mustard...and definitely the dill pickle....and my unsweetened ice tea)Oh btw.......you have to buy a small water bottle here...which is a $1...and they give you a cup with ice....There is a happy hour from 4-6pm...$10 all you can drink Bud, I believe....They also have this HUGE pitcher of beer which is great for a group of friends...(forgot the price, but it's very affordable!) You can also play beer pong here too!The waitresses were dressed in skimpy cheerleading outfits, which many were not very tasteful in. Don't eat outside unless you want to hear a load of noise during your meals, since it's right across from that performing arts stage with acrobats! It's a bit quieter inside, even if the sports games are on. It could get very LOUD though when there's a big game!
4	I really dont know why all the hating on this place, I mean it wont be your MAIN go-to-place for a night out, of course but $10 and all I can drink for 2 hours, im in! (happy hour weekdays 4-6pm)Tip: Buy a restaurant.com Certificate and get some apptz for your drinking evening, you pay $5 for a $25 certificate, not bad at all!Its fun if YOU make it fun, I dare you.. no wait, doble dare you to do some shopping after, so fun!Its not fancy but its cheap and a good way to start the night.
1	Terrible service and overpriced meals. 'nough said.
3	We went here for the 15 dollar all you can drink but it was miller lite.  We drank our normal bud light and jager bomb.  Had a steak and salad, not the best but with the pre dinner shots it was just fine.  Our server was cute and blond.  We sat outside or 'outside the bar, but in the mall'. The people watching was great. I would go back to this place as a starter bar.  Booze in the middle of a mall ....perfect.
3	1) they do not serve tap water.  I had to pay for a bottle of water!  I tend to drink a lot of water and can easily go through 2 or 3 of those bottles of water in a meal so rationing out my one bottle of water to last through the meal was not the easiest task.  Especially since I was already a little dehydrated and tend to rely on restaurant tap water for hydration when I'm in vegas anyway...2) The food is kinda bland.  You must pay extra for a lot of condiments/extras that typically come with your meal.  However, I do tend to like food a little on the plain side so I really enjoyed my sandwich.  The turkey in it was really fresh, as was the lettuce and tomato in it.  Not having any mustard/mayo/etc. added to it was a little odd to me though.  It felt like something was missing the entire time I was eating.3) Loved the steak fries here..4) a little overpriced, but that is to be expected in this type of vegas dining.
2	this is one of those places you eat at cuz you're walking around and suddenly hunger creeps in... and walking anywhere else is really too far.  the cheerleader-esque waitresses usually hover over their podium outside gossiping... and once in awhile one of them will look up and seat you.  and if you want to order water... its bottled only (for like $1 i believe... which is cheap for bottled water here... but expensive cuz you just wanted friggen FREE water right?)  dont order soup (fuck you diet)... it's definitely from a progresso can... you get like half a can of soup for like $5-6.  tiny and dry chicken wings...philly cheese steak sandwich is good... except for the bread, which is COLD?!$10 all you can drink during happy hour... that's pretty sweet though.
4	Not a bad place to grab a quick drink and some food.We were brought in by the host and hostess as they told us the deal was $10 Draughts!  We bit, and came in because we also wanted food.  There were a lot of beer pong matches going on as it was a Thursday night and that seems to be the theme.  We ordered some food, and I ordered the "Build your own Burger" and it was pretty damn good.  You get your choice of THREE toppings as well as cheese - I opted for Avocado, Blue Cheese and Bacon -  and skipped the extra cheese.It was interesting though when our bill came because they waitress told us the beer we were drinking was "not included"... even though we told her we had the bands, and wanted to "try" the best beer AND the host and hostess specifically told us come in for $10 DRAUGHT beers, and the menu said $10 DRAUGHT beers - so maybe there was small print with that but if we have bands, and we are drinking anything BUT what is included, you would think they would question it.Anyways - They were nice enough to drop those off our bill becuase it was clearly a misunderstanding by all parties.  Because of that, they get an extra star!  The downfall of this place is the noise-  It's filled with screaming college kids playing beer pong on Thursdays, Im sure other days may be a bit more relaxed as it wouldnt have the wristbands, so when I am in town again, I will be stopping in again.
5	My first night in Vegas ever!!!  Got drunk at Blondies!  It was a fabulous experience.  Didn't eat anything, just drank a lot and can't count the amounts of chilled stoli shots we did.  Woke up with my to-go cup on my night stand in my room at Bally's.  The bartender knew our local bartender from Sleepy Hollow NY, hooked us up, and made us feel right at home!
4	fandamntastic ... all tired from walking, head ready to explode ... walked into tacky sports barwaitress said ... wait ... in a minit it's $10 for two hours of drinkingwe did ... my gf ... my friend ... my friends gf ... and Ifood common, drinks (on special) common ... waitresses hot! (gf kept wacking my arm) ... service great!!!no question ... on my list to return ... had sports ... had waitresses ... had beer pong (jesuschristie!) ... had way fun (gf fine now ... had good time)
4	I came here on St. Patty's Day in 2008 and it was so much fun!!!We paid $30 (or was it $25) for all you can drink... and boy did we have our fill of green beer!!!! They have beer pong tables... which was A LOT of fun... it's a very casual and kick-back atmosphere and the people there are really down to earth and cool.It seemed like everyone there was there to have fun.. no drama, no frills.. just plain old fun!!!
1	Wow, worst customer service ever. We went there a while back. We chose to eat there cuz my bro in law had bets on the basketball games, so we figured we would go watch the games and drink some beers. -First problem is he asked for a glass of water to go along with his pint, the waitress said they only sell water for $1. Can you say, Illegal? -Second, all of the tv's were on sports center while the games were on. We asked our server to change a tv that only our table could see to the game. She responded with "all of the tv's  have been requested to be on a certain channel by other guests." The place was practically empty. -Third, we ordered a $7 chips n salsa started and received half a basket of chips and prepackaged salsa. I asked for a refill of chips and she said she would ask about refills, and never came back. -Four. They had a special for a gallon (ish) personal table beer dispenser. I asked for that with the "blondies"  brand beer and was told they only fill it with buttwiper products, even though it says nowhere on the menu that it was restricted to that brand.-Five. the food sucked. I didn't expect much from a sports pub inside the miracle mile.. but this was really bad.-Six and final. I asked to speak to a manager and I addressed all my concerns list with him. As for the water, he told me it cost money to wash the glass so they can't give free water. I just spent well over $100. I think that can cover the rinsing of a glass. As per the TV situation. He told me that it is first come first serve, but he would be happy to put a game on for me. (we're done eating now and don't care)As per the chips. He said he will get us more chips. Again, we're done eating and don't care.)As for the beer special, He told me that the menu should say its restricted, but won't do anything about it. I told him it was false advertisement and he compared his restaurant to a STRIP CLUB in saying that just because they say you're buying a lap dance doesn't mean you're not going to get a BJ+. He blamed all of our problems on the waitress and told us not to tip her if we weren't happy with her service. I responded with fact that it was his fault because he is in charge and even if I didn't tip her, the company would still tax her for it. Overall, I will never go back to this dump.
3	The all you can drink is up to $20 and no more restaurant.com certificates available, down 1 star
3	This spot has pretty good Jack In The Box food.But beer makes it better.
1	This is the worst restaurant I've ever been to.  Sodas are 4.00 each for a soda are you kidding me.  The food and service are horrible.
1	What a disappointment!I was here a couple of years ago and ordered the beer can chicken.  It was moist and delicious.I returned last weekend with friends and suggested the expensive beer can chicken ($17), remembering how good it was the last time.  Boy, has the quality declined!  Before, they used to fit an entire beer can into the chicken, but now, then chickens are so small, they have to use one of those Texas longneck style aluminum beer cans cuz the normal style could not fit in this stingy, malnourished bird.Our table ordered two of these lame entrees, and both were undersized, dried out and tasteless.  Nothing like I remember it.  Water was free, but tasted like crap (unfiltered Vegas water, I presume).  My friend ordered a margarita on the rocks and had to send it back because it tasted disgusting and was the worst she ever had.  Veggies were overcooked.An expensive meal for crap food.  NOT impressed!  Never going back there again.
1	Worst place in Vegas At first glance this place is enticing, luring unsuspecting visitors to the sports bar setting. Don't be fooled: this place is awful. Starting with the service and ending with the bill, Blondies is a waste of everything: time, calories, and money. I only ate there with my family and friends because the line at the renowned Spice Market Buffet was over an hour and a half long. The wait staff is pathetic, everything on the menu is overpriced, and the food was not even mediocre. You will end up paying $23 per person for a soggy burger, limp fries, and a flat drink. If you can't make it to the buffet, eat somewhere else in the Miracle Mile.
2	I was on mission to find a place on the Strip that makes a decent cheesesteak.  So after doing some research I came across Blondies menu, and I was glad to see that they serve cheesesteaks with Amoroso rolls from Philly.  That was all I needed to know.  I came here late at night long after the Miracle Mile shops were closed, so I felt kinda awkward walking thru an empty mall trying to get to this place.  When I got there the place was pretty dead and the waitresses seemed very tired.  The only real noise was coming from the drunk folks playing beer pong, that was pretty entertaining to watch.  Anyways, I ordered a mushroom cheesesteak whiz witout (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4X0KWUPcD2EkHN83aa4cXg?select=cJxcSH1uMl3nQqQeBtJEQA), and after I took my first bite, I was in cheesesteak bliss.  Sure it might have been because it was 1:30am and I was having hunger pangs, but I didn't care, I was enjoying it.  So why only 2 stars??  Good cheesesteak, but that's pretty much where it ends.  Place was dead, atmosphere was cold, waitresss weren't very motivated.  I'd only suggest stopping by here if you're really hungry and need a quick lunch or late night snack.
1	Think they can't ruin a burger?! Think again.  Plus they have the audacity to charge an automatic 11% for TIP!!!!  Service SUCKED, beer SUCKED, burgers SUCKED - need I say more - don't waste your time - grab anything elsewhere - anywhere!
4	I think the most I've ever eaten here are the fries, because I've only, really, been here for after dinner drinks. My brother recommended the place a while back when I was in Vegas visiting and since then, I've always made a trip back to Blondie's.  I was in Vegas last month to celebrate a friends birthday and we came here looking to drink and play some beer pong at about 1 in the morning. When you walk in, you can tell that Blondie's is a sports bar.  College, NBA and NFL sports Team Banners hanging from the ceiling and walls. Waitresses dressed like cheerleaders and (noticeably) no male waiters, only bartenders. We ended up getting a 64oz container of beer for only $35, which was perfect for beer pong, so we grabbed our cups, split up into teams (boys vs girls) and proceeded to attempt to destroy the boys. We failed, they beat us by two cups ... twice!We stayed until 3 in the morning, a little drunk and very happy.  Good times all around!
4	I have been here several times & love it for lunch...The Tuna sandwich & the burgers were real good & you can people watch. Plus if you like sports, there are lots of TV's. I keep going back for the tuna sandwich & fries. We have always had very good service. It is a bit spendy, but I keep going...
2	We were looking for a good place to do happy hour where the boys could watch some sports. Lured by the $20 all you could drink 3pm-6pm, Blondie's seemed like the best choice closest to our evening shows. Well, started off rocky when it took nearly a half an hour for a waitress to come to our table. When she got there, we promptly told her we were looking for the $20 deal. Well, you go to the bar for that and when you need a refill you go back to the bar, she took care of food orders. Ok so we ordered some food and went and got our first rounds of drinks. Bartender was a little sarcastic but hey so am I. Second round of drinks? Not so quick and more attitude from the bartender. 3rd round? We had to wait in line at the bar and bartender was, dare I say it, a little ruder still. By the time we felt as though we had gotten our money's worth, we had worked pretty hard for our beers. In addition, our waitress came to our table and asked if she could give us our bill as her shift was over. We were all done eating so no problem. Well we sat there another hour and a half and our waitress was still helping other tables, giving us the impression she didnt have to leave but just didnt want to tend to our table any more. All in all, pretty lackluster experience at Blondies. As for the sports on the tvs for the boys? Well there was for the first hour until the infomercials came on and no one bothered to change the channels.
3	Pro's: Beer pong tournaments! Good happy hour drink special. Cute outfits for the cute waitresses. Nice people watching seats. Con: generic hot wings, Pizza tasted like Domino's
1	Really awful experience from the start to the end of my meal. It was as if the bar was purposely trying to turn away service. The food is overpriced and they charge for a side of fries. They have no refills with $4 sodas and you have to pay for water!! (it's actually illegal to charge for water) The tragedy is this place has a lot of potential. Being in a prime location and with good service it could be a  great place. It's clear that ownership and management has no idea what they're doing. In a tough economy you should be doing everything to better serve your customers.
2	Nachos were horrible.  Bar was fun with lots of half naked women.  Beer pong was great.  Don't eat here, just have some beers.  Average at best if you want to watch the game.  Big screens not HD.
2	A poor excuse for a sports bar. Granted, we ate here purely to be able to dine "al fresco" (or as much as it can be while in a casino), but the beer selection is abysmal and my meal wasn't really even up to bar food standards. The tomato soup tastes like it came from a can and my spinach salad had unidentifiable ingredients. Plus, it was all over priced.Also, FYI to the waitresses, when a customer order san appetizer, it should come out BEFORE the rest of the meal.
1	maybe a 1.5 stars for me, maybe.so my friends and i stroll in here while our trek through miracle mile shops at planet hollywood. the only reason why i walked in here was for the beer pong. another beer pong joint on the strip besides oshea's?! awesome! of course i compare the two: oshea's wins hands down. cheaper and better service.so my friends and i get a table here, get our beer and set up. round one, i lost, that's cool, there really are no losers in this game anyways (that's what i tell myself when i'm stuck with more beer than i can handle). then again, i already had a 1/2 yard of some sort of vegas juice in my system, so i wasn't feeling like chugging more down. a friend gets more beer and we are setting up for a next game. next thing we know, we are all being told to finish up our games b.c they are setting up for a ufc fight. they start taking down tables and take cups to re-fill our pitchers. excuse me, wtf?!?! why would your guys at the bar sell us beer for beer pong if they know you're gonna set up for a fight in a bit. that's some shady ass shit!!! so i ask where can we sit to finish our beer. "go talk to the hostess honey, all these tables are reserved.""honey?! who you callin' honey?!?!" then i start on some rant, yellin' and throwing punches in the air, one of them actually punching one of the bartenders out! as the rest of my fellow beer pong patrons cheer me on and join in on the ass kicking fun!!yeah, that never really happened, but all i gotta say is that you got a place with bartenders sportin' mohawks, seriously, every single one of them had one! i dunno if it's a requirement, but that should've given me the clue to stay away. douchebags might as well have been wearing ed hardy shirts.we ended up getting a seat b.c we just sat down at a table and a waitress came by with a menu. the food was your typical bar food. but i was inebriated so my mini corn dogs and fries with honey mustard sauce was poifect fro my drunchies.the only reason for 1.5 stars is the beer pong, i will always have a place in my heart for beer pong.
4	We had a large group attend the Super Bowl at Blondies. We had a great time. The draft beer selection was lacking but the bottle service was awesome. The bar drinks were even better, big pours with more on the way! The food was good. The service depended on who your server was, ours was great. As far as a place to go to watch a UFC event or big game? You can't beat it. Dozens of big HD TVs every where. We will be back neck year for sure. If I had one complaint it would be the restroom. There are not enough men's facilities and they need a cleaning during big events.
4	My review is based strictly on their mozzarella sticks.They are amazing!Other than that, all I can say is that they apparently have a really good happy hour and it is located in the shops at Planet Hollywood. For a quick  bite and a drink though, I would definitely recommend it.
2	Blondies is a tough sell on me.  I like playing beer pong, and the crowd Blondies attracts is young and fun; mostly.  However, the beer is cheap and tastes cheap, the food is lower quality than most of the local bars, and the service is below par.  IMHO, there are plenty of better places to go on your night out, however, you should still visit Blondies and experience it first hand.
4	Not quite sure why this place gets poor reviews. Other than its proximity (it's basically in a mall within Planet Hollywood), the bar itself is awesome. There's plenty of TVs with sports, cute waitresses who are quick to take your order, beer pong tables and relatively cheap beer prices. We had a group of about 20 in Vegas for March Madness and we were all thoroughly impressed (this was our second year in a row coming here).The only downside (outside of proximity) is seats are limited and it's a bit of a shark feeding frenzy when it comes to finding a table.The wings were awesome.It's a young crowd here, so if you're over 40 or so you might get annoyed by the volume and drunkeness of its patrons.
2	I had buffalo wings and a side cesear salad.  The food was fine.  Nothing special.  Not too overpriced considering it is located on the strip.I was told that they do not serve tap water (only bottled) so I was forced into purchasing a soda.The service was horrible.  There were about 30 people dining and only one waitress.  The other waitresses were on break or hadn't started their shift.  I could see them sitting around texting on their phones while I got bad service.They turned on the audio to some basketball game.  It was way too loud.  I had to scream to my friend sitting accross the table.The food is 3 stars.  The service is 1 star.  Averages to 2 stars.
5	Great service! Great food! I think you should check it out!!
3	Located in the Planet Hollywood miracle mile mall we checked and couldn't find many better options as far as sports bars to watch the ncaa final four games.  The place had all you can drink beer happy hour and with games on that basically everyone in the bar was interested in, it made for a festive atmosphere.It seemed hard to flag down a waitress, when i finally did i ordered some nachos that were pretty good.Would probably go back here if i wanted to watch a sporting event that happened to fall in to their happy hour(s).
4	Good service and fun atmosphere. Katherine was friendly and attentive (+1 for her). We both had salads which were huge, oriental for me and Caesar for her.
3	$100 a head to watch the Mayweather vs. Mosley fight here with an open bar.  Located in The Miracle Mile Shops.Fight was wack.  Spent about 2.5 hours here from 7PM-9:30PM when the fight ended.  Ended up paying an additional $70 for a couple servings of french fries and hot wings to go along with all the beer and alki.  The server chick we had was pretty attendant to us considering how packed this place was for the fight.  We paid $100 a head and got seats and our own server while a lot of other people paid $60 and I believe they had to go up to the bar to get their open bar drinks.  I really thought we'd all get a lot more drunk since we all threw down $100 each, but I'd say on average out of our group of 11 dudes, we probably only put down about 3 beers and a shot each.  I got a 3 beers, a shot, and 2 jack and cokes.  Could've done more, but the stomach wasn't liking me that night.  Not sure if it was the food or the previous 2 nights of drinking in Vegas.Place is alright overall, nothing special.  Just another sports bar & grill with a bunch of TVs and server ladies dressed up like cheerleaders.
1	REGARDING BOXING AT BLONDIES IN VEGAS PLANET HOLLYWOOD i would like 2 say that first of all we were told it would be 60 dollars to get in then they said it had gone up to 80 dollars we were waiting in line when it was our turn to pay it was 100 dollars this was at blondies in vegas  this place is not a safe place for girls when they need 2 go to restroom there wasnt enough security there was a lot of people in case of a emergency me and my friends went 2 restroom and there was guys going in there and no one seemed to care people just kept coming in hopefully the owner will see this comment and he can go back and see the cameras also it said free beers they were selling them afterwards and we had 2 wait about thirty minutes to get a beer i think this place was not a good experience for us we will not go back GIRLS be carefull if u happen to go there.if i were to rate this i would rate it a zero if this happened to any other girls out there u should call and complain my husband called and spoke to the owner and the owner said he would refund us our money back and he decided not 2 afterwards  i know that he made a lot of money selling this bracelets to watch the fight it seemed like he didint care of the customers we will not go back 2 this place
1	Arrived at this establishment looking for a place to get some wings and watch a Blackhawks game. I got both of those items but it was a pretty painful road to get there. Had to wait about 3 minutes for the hostess to come out front and get us to a table. The floors here are bare concrete and the chairs have metal legs so anytime you move one it sounds like very loud nails on a chalkboard, starting off on the right foot. Get inside and the place is basically empty and the hockey game is on a big screen right in front of us which is nice. The waitress comes around maybe five minutes after we sit down. We order water and guess what they only serve bottled water! Can't imagine how much bottle waste they must have to deal with on a day to day basis but I'm sure they love that extra $1+ they get to charge everyone. And its not like were talking Perrier here you are just getting a generic plastic bottle with their "brand" on it. We ordered some wings they didn't come out  for a decent amount of time. When they did come out they were pretty far past  "Meh" on the universal-wing-scale.  Wait staff didn't come by the rest of the meal to offer us more bottles of water. Had to flag them down to get the bill and get out of there. Basically, if this place is this slow and painful on a slow Sunday I can't imagine what it is like when it is busy. Also, any place that charges you to buy bottled water rather than serve you tap better be amazing and serving you water synthesized from hydrogen gas and oxygen in their custom reaction chamber.
1	regarding fight at blondies,first of all they lied 2 us since we were in line getn ready 2 go inside we were told it would be 60 dollars then it went up to 80 while we were in line it went up to 100dollars we wanted 2 see fight so we paid it we were six of us it was.we were told that it would be all u can drink on some beers after a hr they didint have the beer we were drinking once fight got started the waitresses were taking a long time coming 2 help us when fight got started me and two friends went in to girls restroom and there was guys going in there we were getn harrased in there and there was no security in sight one of the guys that we were with went to tell the manager and he was to busy collecting money from people getn in it is not a safe place to go if ur a girl we contacted the owner when we got back to town and he gave us a big story that there was no complains at all on that day A BIG LIE we will noy go back 2 that place ,and if there was any girls on that day that know what i am talking about you should call that place and complain
1	Rolled in with some homies to ingest some greasy food before a bout of drinking. They sat us a beer pong table. That shoulda been a red flag. Hey, fuck it, we're in a sports bar, whatever man. Bring us some sandwiches and beer. Please. Now.Our order took the better part of an hour to deliver. Our order wasn't difficult and the place wasn't busy. They don't serve ice water but instead will sell you bottled tap water with their logo on it for a dollar. Hey, in Vegas, everything costs.Then they bring out everyone's food except for one guy's. His order takes another 15 minutes to come out. I timed it. (The server gave his patty melt to another table; they were seated after us.) Some guys at the table are done with their meal before homie even takes his first bite. Another one of the homies says that the bell peppers on his cheesesteak are gross and slimy and taste pickled. He brought this up to the waitress an she argued that the peppers are cut fresh every day. She's a liar. Why not just apologize and bring a new one, sans peppers? Argue with a customer about something you didn't cook? The fuck outta here.On top of all that, the hostess allowed a party of six to play beer pong 1.5 tables away from where we were eating. Beer pong balls kept exiting their field of play and bouncing under our table; the assholes following the ball. We kicked the ping pong balls into the bathroom. They drank their beers with piss. Beer Pong? Cool, good times! But not where paying customers are trying to enjoy a meal. I hope they tasted the piss. They left after one game.If this sounds like a deal for $25-35, you've found your ultimate sports bar and grill experience.Terrible. I hate your guts Blondies.
1	Where do I even start? This place sucks ass! We sat down at the table and one of us ordered the Philly Cheesesteak.  The waitress says, "If you want onions or mushrooms, it's an extra .35 each"  WTF!!!!! A Philly cheesesteak sandwich is supposed to come with onions and mushrooms!   We ordered a large pizza, okay? Not some greesy dough covered in slimy, greasy cheese.  HORRIBLE! Then here's the kicker.  The waitress comes out with four glasses and four BOTTLED WATERS!  "Hold up," I say, "I didn't order bottled water...regular water is fine."  She says, "Water is a dollar a bottle...it all goes to charity."  WTF????  "Well, you really should have told us that when we asked for water," I replied.  The waitress just looked at me and said, "Do you want the waters or not?!"  Oh HELL to the F*** no, you didn't, Bimbo. The next time she came out to our table and asked if there was anything else she could get for us, I just said, "Just more napkins...UNLESS...you charge for those too!"Absolutely, hands down, the WORST restaurant in the Miracle Mile!
1	4 stars for their all- you- can- drink beer pong deal from 3-6pm for $20 per person.  1 star for shorting me change on my bill!!  i ordered chips and salsa and the total was $6.34 (or something like that).  I gave her $10 and the waitress gave me back $3 and said, sorry we're out of change.  I couldn't believe it!!  So I said, "because you guys don't have any change, you're charging me more for my food and shorting me my change??"  She said, "uh..yeah...i guess!"  I said, "I would think you would give me back $4 versus $3.  This is crazy!!"  Poor waitress..not very bright, of course, didn't even get it so I let it go. I know it's only $0.64, but that's not the point.  That's absurd that they would even do something like that!!  I'm still in shock!
3	This place is ok.While touring Planet Hollywood an overwhelming sensation for a nice refreshing lemon drop came upon me so, not really knowing where to satisfy my craving, we just happened to walk by this place and decided to check them out.The place (Interior wise) is nothing really special, just your typical sports bar.Our bartender was extremely nice and went well out of his way to make some decent lemon drops, especially considering the fact that its a sports bar where lemon drops are not usually a specialty of there's.Overall, the drinks were ok, the bartender was extremely friendly and the place supposedly gets pretty packed when the games are playing which is when they have some special prices on beers and so forth, but in all honesty, it definitely is not  a place I would look forward to stopping in again.
2	Update:  The money was remedied, so I gave it an extra star for that and just having a great time with my friends.  Went out to party in Vegas last week for Pre New Year's Eve celebration at Blondies. Somebody had to screw something up. The i***t bartender charged us for another party's bill of $138.00 ON TOP of our own overpriced bill!!!   And it is not like we signed for that bill either.  We didn't notice this until 2 days after when we checked our account. Husband did call the manager said to get back to them as they are sure that bill should be refunded back to our account (of course that bill will first be deducted from our account, good thing we are not poor people).  I guess they have a tendency to do this to their clients...so people beware of this carelessness.
4	Great food. Love the tuna sandwich. Cute waitresses, lots of tv's. I eat here everytime I go to Vegas. Perfect sandwich, burger, fries place. Love the atmosphere and there are huge portions for the price.
1	The food was bad and over priced.  The waitress was slow and not helpful.  She couldn't even think of anything to suggest we get when asked.  Also, she served me a beer that was only 3/4 full and charged me $5 bucks for those 6ozs of bud light.  The bartender single handily ruined the night for the group with rude comments and D bag behavior.  At one point he called out some people in our group over the PA system to stop cheering about the beer pong tournament because they were annoying. This caused a few of them to be insulted.  They were not out of control or anything... just gave a woot to our friends who were playing.  But hey no worries, Mr. Bartender,  I'll never suggest to any of my out of town guests, who are looking for some fun, to spend any of their money at Blondies.
2	Only reason I'm even giving it 2 stars is because the food was decent.. Service not so much. And when you go to pay they tell you it's a "minimum" 25 dollars if your using multiple credit cards when that little fact is clearly not stated ANYWHERE. She tried to say it charges the house if it's under 25 dollars. Either management is completely stupid or the owners a penny pincher, either way I've never had that happen before and def won't be back again.
2	The food would have tasted better if the service was better. Our server was uber busy and never even helped us out. She took care of everyone else around us though. Lame. The only thing that was cool was the girl who took our order and got our drinks. Wait a sec, was SHE our server? Who knows.It was the middle of the afternoon and the basketball game was about to begin. There was going to be a cover charge to enter Blondies after 3p. Luckily we got there earlier because I would have been very disappointed if we had to pay a cover. Sure, us girls were not in the mood to watch sports but still. Next time I'll pass. I bet the stripper bar across the hall had better service. ;)
5	Blondie's is such a fun place to kick it! Pizza is AMAZING! Nick and Niall are hilarious and so fun!
1	This place should be called beer pong bar because that's all there is.  Well, plus some to small 40 inch tvs so far away they can't easily be seen. Wont go back.
1	On a visit to Las Vegas, with my Husband, he was craving a Good Hamburger, and he liked that Blondie's had alot of TV'S to watch Sports, so we decided to eat there!  WRONG CHOICE !!!  my husband had Sliders, that tasted good, but was way OVER priced,  and if he would of wanted french fries, they would of been, $6.00, I wasn't that hungry, which was a good thing, because all I ordered were the chips and salsa, and they were $5.95, I had a Margarita that was served in a plastic cup for $8.00, and the coke's are $3.95, oh! they only serve bottle water, and charge you $1.00, they say it is for charity?  We would never go back to this Restaurant !  Oh! they have Happy Hour!  which is $20.00, all you can drink, Domestic Beer and Well Drinks, which is really not a very good idea, when someone is young, and dumb !!!  I would say the only good thing about this Restaurant are all the TV's if you are a Sports Fan !
2	So, my husband and I were hungry and just wanted something close by where we were staying, so we decided to try Blondies. We ordered the regular size pepperoni pizza. I asked for a water and they waitress stated they only have bottled water!  I will never pay more than $1 for bottled water, so I ordered a soda. The pizza was good. Our waitress sucked. My husband never got a refill on his drink and the cup sat there empty.When the receipt came I was so angry to see a soda cost $4!!! Really?! So $30 was the total for a pizza for two and two sodas! I would never come back here.
1	If it was possible to take away stars from other reviews, I would! Seated right away. 10 minutes later, no one had even said so much as hello. I flag down hostess and let her know we haven't seen a waitress. 5 mi urea later, waitress comes by and says "I'll be with you in a minute". A couple minutes later she finally comes. Order a couple beers and some food. Can't order a glass of water (they only serve bottle) really??!!Food was average and service remained horrible. No silverware delivered with food. Asked repeatedly for silverware and napkins. If you are a local, there is ZERO reason to ever come here. If you are a tourist, do yourself a favor and catch a cab to nearest PT's pub. You will more than save the cab ride in booze costs and get great service.Places like Blondies make me feel ashamed after I leave. Like I really should have known better!
1	0 stars would be Blondies.  This place is horrible.  The waitress was a bitch and even when we complained to the manager about her, the manager simply brought us over free shots to try to appease us. (For those of you who don't already know-- "free shots" in Vegas means they don't even have alcohol in them.) We finally walked out after our appetizer when we found out they won't even serve you iced water.  They try to make you pay for bottled water telling you it's for a "non profit or a charity."  I'm pretty sure it should be illegal for bars not to serve water when they are located in the middle of the Mohave desert.
3	Yeah, yeah.  The food ain't so hot.  But the beer is good and there are plenty of TVs.  The service is pretty and pretty good.  What are you doing a half-mile deep in a mall in Vegas looking for haute cuisine? They have beer, sports and A/C. Park your a** on a stool and wait out the rest of your party as they ooh and aah over baubles and get lost in the mall 'cuz it is shaped like a figure 8.  Cute trick to get more time to drink -- when the wife returns ask her if she saw (insert name of store)  and convince her that she missed part of the mall.Just for fun, find a picture of their logo and check if you see the same "optical illusion" that my friends and I did.
1	AVOID THIS "RESTAURANT."  Just avoid it.The service here is obscenely bad.  Possibly the worst I've ever encountered.  Had Nicole (or Nichole?) yesterday - she has star tattoos all over her arms and reddish hair.  We waited an HOUR for her to come by the table for refills while we waited for our food, and when we asked her "Miss?  Can we get refills?", she replied "Give me a second."  My more astute friend said to us at the table,"We've given her *3600* seconds!  Did she really just tell me to 'give her a second?'"  We actually thought that she may have been high or tweaked out, because her behavior was also quite erratic.  Sadly, I left a 10% tip, which I NEVER, EVER do, but the service was just that bad.The food tasted okay, but it took us 2 hours to get three items, and the place was about 40% occupied.  This place is AWFUL.
3	I think a lot of people are going to Blondie's for the wrong reasons. The thing is you gotta walk into this place knowing what you're getting yourself into. Blondie's is basically a Hooters that hosts beer pong games. Forget about the food, forget about anything else but beer and you'll be okay. Am I saying it makes up for their poor service and prick bartenders? Nope. But I'm just making a point.I went here last night, pretty damn late with a group of guys (a majority of whom were Marines). We went to play beer pong pretty much and that is what we did. The beer pong tables were pretty packed and everyone around us was having a good time. It was pretty loud and fun and all the people around us were nice (tossing back balls, joking, just having a good time). It was 4th of July weekend so we were all doing what Americans do... drinking beer and yelling about how much we love America.Would I go out of my way to eat here? No. Would I go back if I weren't with a bunch of Marines playing beer pong? No. But it's a fun time for what it is.
2	Loud. Below average wait staff. Food OK. Poor beer selection unless you like bud light, etc. There are better places. In the same mall, see PBR Rock Bar.
1	Quite possibly the worst service I've ever experienced.Don't get me wrong, I know this place is tailored toward guys looking for chicks with hot bodies, a cold beer and some sports, but this place is in the middle of the touristy Miracle Mile mall, and should SOMEWHAT cater to everyone. However, it certainly does not.I went here the first time about two years ago, and the service was ok. Some scummy guys sent over some shots, and the server did a pretty good job at making a joke out of the situation, and was pretty prompt with us.However, the second time we went, our group was sitting at the table for about 25 minutes before a server even approached us. In fact, we had to go get someone to get us a server. When she finally showed up, it was quite awkward, as she didn't apologize, and then, of course, charged us for water. Unbelievable.The food was not good. We had to track her down, again, to get our check. Never have I not left a tip. But this time, I was fed up. It should not take 25 min to get a table, and another 25 min after you're done eating to get your bill.  If I'm paying "Vegas prices," I want better service than this.Pretty much the only thing this place is good for, is getting a free shot after the American Storm Male Revue show.Definitely not worth it.
1	Bad bar food, poor service and defiantly only for people who want to play beer games. I would have been ok with the "bar" atmosphere (since it is a Sports BAR) if the food wasn't gross and service wasn't bad. I wont ever go back.
2	Beer pong is decent, you have to wait for the whole tournament to end before starting a game, even if not competing.. Blah. Also, we paid for $20 entry fee for unlimited draft beer, and then they only give you like 3 choices of beer, which were the cheapest beer. I ended up paying more because I bought additional beer. The beer pong was the only thing that got them the 2 stars, service sucks and deal was misleading.
3	We used a Groupon, and felt like it was a great deal.Great Rockin Nachos, Melted cheese, PLUS nacho cheese. filled with beans/jalepenos/and all the toppings. Not sure if I would pay 12$ for them regularly but with the Groupon it was a good deal! I had a build your own burger with bleu cheese and bacon. YUM. HUGE. altho no fries, you have to pay 3$ to add fries to a meal. It was okay for use though because we had a LOT of food. My husband ordered the philly cheese steak sandwich, and he thought it was decent. He thought he probably would try something else next time.Service was great, altho we were there at a low low time, as they weren't very busy. Lotsa TV's lotsa cute girls....I'm unsure about my overall feeling. It might be SUPER fun on a big sports night!
5	The trip to Blondies made my trip to Vegas even better. My friends and I went to Blondies during there 7 yr anniversary, they has a 20$ all you can drink beer, which was awesome because we played an enormous rounds of beer pong. But when you first step into the bar the first thing you'll notice is the vast number of big screens they have. Second is the two bars they have in stock. Third the 8 beer pong tables they have ready for people to play. And to save the best for last the beautiful hostesses in their cheerleader uniforms. This is a great place to watch sporting event, have a great time with friends, meet new people, and play beer pong. They have great hospitality, great vibes, great music mix, and a good price for a pitcher of beer for pong. So I would like to thank Blondies for the great times they have given me and my friends when we were there. Special thanks to my bartender katie. She will always and will be my number one bartender for life. Much love and much respect to that girl.
2	Food was ok but the service was slow. Some servers ran around with their heads cut off while others just stood around.
3	Went on a Sunday.. Only to watch football.. The service started off pretty Rocky, but got a bit better with time and with more alcohol. The food was ok, then again, I was loaded. The waitresses are barely outta diapers and run around lost half the time. Nothing to brag about.
1	We wanted to watch some football and tried to give this place the benefit of the doubt but sadly all is true, everything about this place SUCKED!!! If you're staying @ PH towers or shopping @ the mall save yourself and your wallet! Avoid this place! You would probably get better service and a free cup of water @ McDonald's lol!
1	Just got back from spending the weekend in Vegas. We wanted to watch the Mayweather fight somewhere, and so I did a little research before we hit the road. Called Blondies and was told that they would have the fight, and that the cover charge would be $40 a person, which would include all the beer you can drink. SCORE!! So on the way over to Blondies, I call to make sure there's still space available, and am told there is, but the cover is now $60.....hmmmm. Okay. Still not terrible since it includes drinks. Well, then we get to the front to pay our entrance, and are now told it's $80!!!!!!!!!!!! I explained that I had just called minutes ago, and was given the $60 price. They didn't give a crap. Bottom line (it's Vegas after all) is to make money. The guys working the front were fairly rude, which makes it even worse when handing your money over to them. Well we decided that since we were already there, we'd suck it up....and pay. I didn't want to use all my cash so I proceeded to pay with my debit card. Oh darn, they only take cash!!! So one of the rude guys tells the little waitress to show me where the ATM is located in the restaurant. She takes me right to it, and then I turn around and she's gone???!!! So I get my money, go back to the rude goons at the front and stand there FOREVER while they just ignore me. Then it hit me, Hey, I'm in this joint. You want to be rude jerks?? Okay, cool. Me, and my money (safely back in my pocket) are winning this round. I found my boyfriend inside and drank PLENTY OF FREE BEER, and watched the fight. For nada, zip, zilch!! Ha Blondies, suck it. I win. The money I didn't spend here, I spent the next day at the Pub at Monte Carlo. Way better place to watch sports, and have all inclusive food/drinks. No surprises on the price. When I called I was told $40 all you can drink....when we got there,$40 all you can drink!! This is on Sunday's btw. So you can post up and watch football and have a GREAT time. So save yourself the bs that is Blondies. Go elsewhere. Where they're honest about prices, and don't act like idiots when you get there.
3	The food is great for the portion size. and price to as well.
1	To be honest, it is Vegas after all, so i can't say I was expecting much. That said the bar is nice. Nice large TVs and a cool atmosphere, but the staff ruins the whole experience. We came here to watch the Charger game and they weren't even showing it. Still we pressed on and walked up to the Hostess booth. We were flat out ignored for 3 plays before I got annoyed and tried to grab the attention of the Hostess, who had been standing there the whole time with her finger in the air telling us to wait. I was told to "Hold on." And so I did, much to my dismay. When she finally looked up she said nothing, just stared. We asked for a table and asked how long the wait was. Honestly the place was packed and so I expected to wait, but the girl said "I don't know there's a list." We had to ask to be put on it and she said "What's your number?" and then turned around and walked off. I wasn't even sure she had actually written it down. We went in to try and grab a beer at the bar, but the bartenders were rude and didn't care. One of the hostesses ran into me and then rolled her eyes and walked away. Mind blown.... We found ourselves wandering into a seedy looking little bar across the way called The Stripper Bar. I thought we were about to go in for round two, but the service was amazing, the food was good, they were playing our game, they had better deals on drinks and our waitress did a pretty good dance on the pole at half time. I don't care if there is a 50 foot stripper right outside of the place. And aside from that, Blondies' TVs are so freaking huge we were able to watch their screens from our seats in the bar, we just turned around. I'll pick this place over Blondies any day.
3	We were visiting Vegas for the weekend and picked up a couple of groupons before we went so a groupon brought us into Blondies. We started with the nachos, they were huge and very good. We probably could have just gone with the nachos for lunch the serving was that big. We each had a burger, bacon and avocado on mine and bacon and bleu cheese for my bf. The burgers were very tasty and cooked to perfection. Add a pitcher of shock top and we were quite happy. The server was nice, attentive enough but not always bothering us. Would go back next time in town.
4	What's better than a red beer and people watching?I think locals appreciate this more, because I was entertained four a couple hours watching everyone roaming by.Good bar food and a few great bartenders.
4	Great food - cheap beer - amazing waitresses - and huge tv's!  This is a great place to watch the game, with lots of cheap beer, and great food. We got the groupon that included a pitcher of beer with burgers and an appy for two for $25 - and it was really good. There is a patio so you can people watch in the miracle mile mall area.. and we all know how fun that is!!
2	It is so average! maybe even below average.
1	The worst service in all of Las Vegas. We waited 45 minutes for our food. It was lunch and it was not busy at all. When we asked to speak to the manager, she totally avoided us. So we gave her 5 minutes to come to our table. So when she did not come, we told the waiter we were leaving. All 15 of us stood up and left. We just paid for our drinks. I would not go to this place if I were you. There are far better serviced places @ the Miracle Mile shops @ Planet Hollywood. Look up Hash-Hash a go go. Far better place.
2	This place could do so much better in their food.  The food is what really brings this place down.  They shouldn't be so cheap with their servings and learn how to cook better.  We couldn't see the mushrooms in the burger.  They were non-existent!  And I had more lettuce in my BLT than anything else.  I little bit more than 1 piece of bacon in my sandwich, please.The only good thing I can say about this place is that there are a lot of televisions.  And when we asked if we could have a tv on a certain game, they obliged.  The servers were friendly, but I swear they had to have been tweaking on something.  I'm afraid to find out since some of them were so jumpy.  I really thought their boobs might fall out of their outfits.  Another good thing about this place is the deal for beer.  The server did point out it's cheaper to get 5 beers for $25 instead of getting single beers.  She knew we were there to watch football.  Good job, Tweaker!!!  Seriously, they need to get their food better, because it would be too easy to just drink when the food sucks.  And who needs more drunks in Vegas?
3	Pros: -Location (for me anyway, staying at Planet Hollywood)-The waitresses' cheerleader uniforms (it's a sports bar called Blondies, I'm allowed to be a chauvinist pig!)-Some tables had personal beer taps, unfortunately I didn't get to take advantage of this.-Menu selection was pretty good, a little something for everyone-They burnt our first pizza a little (definitely still edible) but still gave us a 2nd pizza for free.Cons:-The burnt our pizza, but made up for it.-I got a wrap that was pretty good, but I've had better.-Value was just meh, probably decent for Vegas though.With all the places to go in Vegas, Blondies is likely not a priority destination.  But it was good for a weekday lunch and some beers.
2	Eh....Went to Blondie's for the National Championship game with a group.  I was not impressed. the place wasn't crowed like you might think. I'm sure that was due to the high cover charge for the game though.The bar food was just that, bar food. The problem is that it wasn't very good. the wings were sub par - very bland and rather small, cheese sticks were nasty, and the meatballs were a gelatinous mass. Yuck!!!The service was OK, but nothing special. You would have thought that at an event like that they could keep up, but they couldn't. Our waitress only had a couple of other tables and no one was drinking heavily, and folks were still running out. This place definitely had a dive feeling to me, but without the charm a good dive should have.
3	You could do worse than this place to chug cheap brews, play beer pong, do jagermeister shots and watch a game.  The atmosphere is almost like a supped up Brother Jimmy's NYC. Happy hour for $20 from 3-6pm includes all you can drink well drinks and beer which is a very reasonable way to kick off an evening or destroy the rest of your day.  I guess that depends on you.  I haven't tried the food but it looks like I shouldn't based on a lot of the reviews.  I'm just as bad at beer pong now as I was in my late teens (if not worse) but it's still fun.
2	69 buck,s plus tip for one blt 1 turkey club 4 beers
3	Great chicken sandwiches and cold beer what more can you ask for?
1	We went in for breakfast and it was worst experience at a restaurant that I've had in at least 5 years.Service- Slow and nobody was in there and they had enough waitress on staff. Our waitress had an annoying high pitched voice. I would suggest she gets out of the restaurant industry and join the circus.Coffee- Terrible. When it was suggested that the coffee wasnt good the waitress said the coffee is terrible here but she was glad to get a fresh pot of crap coffee going for us....yum. She should have just served up scolding coffee and dump it on my crotch and have the bar tender throw the cream in my face.Meanwhile it is taking forever just to get water to us.Food- the food finally comes out except for my friends who had to sit and watch us eat half our meals before he got his. BTW he got the same thing as everyone else. nothing special.My meal was Chicken fried steak and eggs. Kinda hard to screw that up. First off they successfully failed. The piece of meat was thin and small to begin with (thats fine) but they over fried the steak. And they served it already cut down the middle (as if they were checking if it was done). The gravy came on the side and looked soupy. Almost Man sauce like. I almost felt like  the restaurant cook wanted me to get on my knees and dump hot gravy on my face.Meanwhile we are in a sports bar right? Well my friend was looking at one direction of the bar that was just showing rap videos (he said he wished he was Tupac'd) and I was facing the projection tv that was completely angled wrong. I felt like I was Biggie Small'd.
1	Owners are a joke. Especially the one with the gambling and drinking problem that tries his best to have sex with the staff....fail.
3	the food was just average, i'm gonna play beer pong next time, our server was hot
1	Can I give it a zero PLEASE OH PLEASE YELP?!WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!I asked the hostess about happy hour, she rolled her eyes at me and gave me the most attitude ever .. I was shocked! But I still wanted those damn garlic fries so I still let her snooty ass walk me to a table .. she tried walking me to some bfe table and so I told her I was going to sit at the bar for quicker service.  She stared at me like I was ridiculous, whatever. Bartenders were clueless with their drinks .. wanted to get drunk after a weeks hard work but no where in PH gave me the chance. :(If you're in PH just get some Earl's and gtfo :) Cosmo across the way has much better customer service AND drinkks!
4	2 1/2 stars?? Everyone musta missed the 20$ open bar happy hour. the wings aren't bad either. of course the bartender lags upon flashing your wristband. get everyone to kick in some cash and throw the bartender a decent tip, like anywhere in vegas,  they'll definitely keep the rounds coming. they also have beer pong tables, if you're into that kinda thing.definitely a good place to kick off friday night in sin city.
5	I went here like a year ago. Service was great. personally i love being around good looking blondes so that was a plus. I had the Fried Ravioli.. They were Perfectly fried and Im going back this month can't wait to go and try some other things on there menu...
4	I came here last year 2011 around April during a softball tourney with some co-workers. I was sold on this place because it was EMPTY. It allowed a gang of us to play beer pong in peace, and get drinks and food without an issue.I will admit getting the waitresses attention was sometimes difficult, even with there being less than 15 people in the entire place. This may have been due to the fact I was not sober.We did order the big tall beer thingy. From what I recall it was a decent deal split among friends. But who's looking at deals when you're with a gang of cool buds, eating bar food, and playing some beer pong?!I'd recommend dropping in with a group if its not too crowded, as there is plenty of seating/TV's. I can only imagine it gets packed here during March Madness or regular football season.Side note: waitresses are indeed dressed to only what Vegas can offer.Overall I was pleased with the place and will drop by to see if it was the same as it was a year ago. March madness, here we go!
4	So I came here the first time I ever came to Vegas and I must admit I rather enjoyed it ALOT ! My husband became a fan he loved the Buffalo wings and so did I, beer was pretty cheap too, the food was pretty good but the service was terrible it takes like 10 to 15 mins just for them to get your drink order and food order and maybe just maybe if your lucky you'll get your order in 30 mins or less. So food was great service not so great that's my review ENJOY !
4	I do not understand why the rating on this bar is so poor!  The service was amazing when I was there never going long without being checked on.  Our food was very tasty as well!  There was a very good selection of beer on tap to keep you from getting thirsty too.  I recommend the "shock top" beer as it is one of the more tasty American beers that I have ever tasted.  When I can find it back home I pick it up too.  Even during US college football playoffs of some kind I was able to watch the Outdoor Classic hockey game with a bunch of other hockey fans around one of their many big screens.  I highly recommend this sports bar!  The waitress's outfits don't hurt the eyes either!You are even able to watch the fountain show across the way as well from the seats on the outside of the bar proper and that is quite interesting as well.
2	When visiting Blondies always ask for a table near a waitress!  We had high hopes for this bar but the service and quality of food was disappointing.  If the staff didn't spend so much time gossipping behind the bar then imagine how much more food and beer they could sell...I do miss their fish and chips though (as often as I can)
4	We watched the Kentucky - Louisville Final Four Game.Great Service, Great Drinks, Good Food.Really enjoyed being here for the game. Sat with other fans - from Ohio State and Kansas.....I will come back here....enjoyed.
2	So sad the food is not the same as it used to be. I came back here several times for the awesome greek salad now it sucks. And the garlic fries are horrible too. Basically it's just now overpriced bar food.
4	I don't get the reviews here; I didn't see anything that reflects all the bad reviews. Basically, it's a Hooters with girls in cheerleader outfits instead of the skimpy Hooters outfits. It's a sports bar with sports bar kinda foods. How can the expectations be that high? I don't get it. Huge TVs everywhere, bar, wings, finger foods. Came here twice in a weekend. Both times, there was no issue with customer service. Both girls were super friendly and helpful. There wasn't a lag in service at all.I really enjoyed the sliders here. No high expectations or anything. Wings weren't bad. Sample platter was all fried, what do you expect? They include FRIED mac and cheese balls. Delish! Also, if you're a Total Rewards member, you get 20% off! Awesome!
5	I got a livingsocial for Blondie.  I was skeptical about it at first because of the not so great review, but hey 20 bucks for 40, not bad.  Anyway,  i had a pretty good experience with both the food and customer service.  Our waiter was great, but the host wasn't so much.  The host did not smile or greet, seem like she didn't want to be there, not so cheerleader like.   Our waiter was great.  I got the ribeye with sweet potato fries.  I was glad they put the powder sugar on the fries, it made taste much much better.  The steak was really good, nicely cooked and juicy.  Overall it was a good experience for me.
3	I'm glad I read Jeannie L's review because it put me in perspective. I've always written reviews based on "what it is". I was ready to give this place a "1" due to the fact that this place is rated as "One of the Top 5 Sports Bars on the Strip" and it shouldn't be. Based on that, I'd give it a "1". Based on what you should expect from a Sports Bar, it ends up being a "3". Average food, a $20 all you can drink Happy Hour (3 PM - 6 PM) for well drinks and house beers, enough TV's, indifferent service (it feels like they are doing you a favor serving you). You can find hotties anywhere in Las Vegas so what makes their servers different? Found their prices to be higher than your average Las Vegas Bar. I won't be back.
1	Places that will not give me a glass of water when I am eating there are so lame.  If I am a paying customer you shouldn't require me to order a bottle of water as well.  Food was okay.. I frequent Vegas about 5-7 times a year, and sometimes stay at the PH.  But won't ever be eating here again on principle.  Provide your paying customers with water people, really.
5	I don't know about all the negative reviews, all I've had are positive experiences here and I've been a customer a number of times.  Maybe people are used to getting their drinks for free in the casino, but as far as I'm concerned, the all-you-can-drink happy hour is the way to go.  Great place to watch a game, especially a fight, but get there early for a title bout.  Very good bar food (don't expect anything healthy... you're in Vegas), excellent service.  Love this place.
3	Located in Miracle Mile Shops at the Planet Hollywood. They do have outdoor seating, but it's in a mall so you'll be people watching. Lots of tvs, audio is on the bigger game that night. Some of the seating have beer taps which is awesome. Wings were great. I haven't tried the other food, it's quite expensive.If you just wanna watch a game and drink, just go to a sports book with personal tvs and you'll save more money that way unless you're under 21.
3	Stopped in Blondie's for lunch the other day while playing tourist on the Strip over the weekend. The place looks pretty cool and there are lots of big TVs everywhere to watch your favorite sporting event. The hosts and waitresses were all dressed in their cute little cheerleaders outfits.I grabbed a sandwich and fries to eat and it was quite delicious. For being in a tourist section, all in all it wasn't a bad place to try out.  Though as a local, I wouldn't find myself making a special trip there just to eat or drink or to watch a sporting event.But if in the area, I would go there again.
1	Went with a couple of friends through my own recommendation. Had never been before but walked by and thought it seemed like a fun place. Simply put, I was wrong. We were seated quick enough and the atmosphere was nice. TV's everywhere, games, good drink specials. All of that was killed by the absolute horrible service. Our waitress took our orders and then came around twice before handing us our checks (our total bill came out to close to $100).   My beer sat empty , as well as two other drinks, for about 10 minutes before she noticed. The hardly ever smiled and didn't seem friendly at all. Then after she gave our checks and put our card she completely spaced out and came back with two copies because she split outlet our one order in two. Seriously? Anyways, it was disastrous by that alone. Food was mediocre to good. I suppose it could've been an isolated incident but since it did happen to me then it gets one star. Excel always.
1	Gotta agree with the others on here in that the service sucks! Although they did provide water with our food. Good thing cause I needed it to choke down the gross turkey, bacon and avocado wrap I ordered. The free appetizers they had out were even worse and they didn't even bother to put plates out so people were just eating with their hands. This seems to be a bar that thinks it's cool but it's not.
3	I was very impressed with this place. My girlfriend and I went this past Saturday (6/23/12) for lunch. I got the buffalo chicken wrap...which was great. She got the chicken wings...she compared them to BJ's chicken wings. Overall I say this place is good for a quick bite. But let me forwarn you, they charge for water...not bottled water TAP WATER. Well, they charged me anyways.
2	TV's are plentiful, to say the least. They have approximately 2 gazillion of them.They crank up some sweet tunes during commercial breaks, which is a fantastic idea and really increases the enjoyment of the sporting events.The food is mediocre at best.The service is horrendous. Your waitress will sometimes disappear for 20-30 minutes. The prices are high, given the low quality and bad service.I almost dropped them to ONE STAR, since they have a BYU flag. BYU sucks and their fans (by and large) don't drink... or tip.
3	Blondie's = underrated! Just a typical sports bar with lots of TVs and greasy bar food, BUT there are beer pong tables in the back. The bar supplies cups, balls, pitchers, etc which were relatively cheap. Since O'Shea's is gone (RIP), this will probably become our day time hang out when pool party season is over.
4	$2.99 breakfast Mon-Thurs-- a full plate full of food -- perfecto!
1	This place is awful. Chips and salsa: chips were stale. Waitress: slow, totally oblivious to her customers and cared more about gossiping with her fellow waitresses. Music: crappy club music no one in their right mind wants to hear the day after in Vegas. I highly suggest going to Lombardi's restaurant next door.
2	We didn't eat food at Blondies because it's a rather sub-par version of a sports bar.  We sat on the patio which looks out to the mall.  We met a group of friends there as they were finishing up their mediocre bar food.  We sat at a tall patio table but were never acknowledged by the waitress.  Instead, she walked passed us many times but never made eye contact.I went up to the bar to order a beer and to grab waters for our table.  The bartender was friendly but he informed me that there is a minimum if you want to pay with a credit card.  Luckily I had cash to pay for my beer.I'm giving two stars instead of one, simply because the bartender was nice.Overall, a crappy experience.  I wouldn't go back.
1	Ate at Blondies on Friday of our Vegas trip. The server was nice, but wasn't very attentive. As others have noted, there is no free tap water, but they did give the first round of bottled waters free. They gave 3 bottles for 5 people. Food was mediocre bar food at best, not worth anything near the price we paid for it!They had everything but pepper  on the table, wanted to ask for pepper but our waitress was in the kitchen talking. I was surprised when we got the check and a 20% gratuity was included. We left what we thought was fair considering the service we received  (15%) and the waitress followed us outside to let us know we had short changed her. When informed of that we didn't think she deserved that amount she told us "It is called a tip, and it is mandatory!" We ended up just walking away.My least favorite part was about 2 hours later when the stomach problems started for 4 out of 5 of us. All 4 of us ate the hot wings (which were probably the best part of the meal) and ended up with stomach issues for the rest of the trip!I don't think I'll ever eat here again!
3	This is a great college bar. If you're looking to play beer pong, flip cup, etc with friends and get tanked, this is the place you want to be. We have been here before for lunch and the food and service were lacking, so I would only go here to drink
3	A bustling sports bar with every fried food under the sun, and every game imaginable playing.  Tons of beer and liquor. I wouldn't eat here if I wasn't with 7 other mid-30s guys wanting to drink and watch games.  But that was my crowd, and Blondie's served a good purpose.   Doubtful I will ever visit here again...
2	Came here to kill some time one morning and made the mistake of ordering breakfast here.  $2 bloody marys...$3 mimosas...cheap breakfast specials.  It wasn't even worth the couple of bucks- the food was pretty cheap and tasteless and my bloody mary couldn't even pass for tomato juice.  This place would be better for drinks and bar food but for games there is a $50 minimum.The service was pretty good however but again...food not really anything special nor is it even worth the cheapness.
1	Thank God it was a free meal because I did a survey next door. But I will never come back here the service was so horrible and the waitress was not attentive and it wasn't even busy. I didn't get a refill for my drink and the cup was empty for 20 mins. She got my order wrong. And that's just the top layer. We had to ask for everything twice. Not only that I waited for the bill for 30 mins after getting tired of waiting I asked for it again and she said she gave it to us. If she did I would have paid it and get the heck out.That was just the service the food wasn't great either. Garlic fries were dry its just curly fries with whatever crap on it they call garlic. The pizza blah I've had better at pizza hut. The wings were decent but I can get better ones from the freezer at the grocery store.
3	If you're a sports fan, then this is the place to go. They serve typical bar food that isn't the greatest. The grilled cheese with bacon wasn't anything spectacular. It was pretty bland.. Who thought  you could go wrong with a grilled cheese? The waitress was very nice and the atmosphere was good
5	19.99 All You Can Drink AYCD! Came here this past weekend got to watch the USMNT vs Jamaica game and it was great. Happy hour was perfect had a ton of beers and a ton of well drinks, the waitress we had was pretty on point brought me drinks before I could even ask for any. The only problem was we sat on the outside and the TV wall had the lines through it so I couldn't get a cohesive picture, other than that it was a blast.
1	I was there Saturday May 26th and got what i think was E coli virus from a salad. I would be careful when ordering, staff was nice.
3	If I could, I would give this place an in between 2-3. The food wasn't awful but it wasn't great. My husband and I sat out on the "patio" area at a high top table. The service honestly wasn't bad and our experience was brief. I was actually really excited about this place. I liked the idea of a girly sports bar as a girly sports fan and I dug the waitress and hostess cheerleader uniforms as a former cheerleader. It was cute and seems like a great place to catch a game and a beer. It's a little small but they have a ton of TVs (as one would expect in a sports bar!) I ordered a grilled cheese with tomato for $10 and it didn't come with fries. What kind of restaurant serves sandwiches without fries? For $10!!!!! My cheese wasn't melted all the way so the sandwich was doomed from the second I laid eyes on it! My husband got a turkey club. It was nothing special but again, no fries came with it and it was around $13.While they weren't the worst sandwiches we have ever had, we feel as though the place is a complete rip off. Though, most places in Vegas are the same way. We were just extremely disappointed.
2	This place is over priced!Food was ok. I mean this place is cool if you wanna watch the game, drink a few beers and eat greasy bar food. There's like a billion TVs here which is cool! Other than that, I probably won't be coming back when I visit Vegas. I like GOOD food! But it was fun here :)
3	$10 for a mug of beer, with the amount equivalent to 1 1/2 bottles. Not worth it. I chose a Cherry Bomb...thing, next where I was able to keep the glass, so that made me feel less cheated.The idea of this place is great, and I wish we had Blondie's over in Miami, because those tables were wonderfully huge. But it's obvious you're paying extra money for where you're at, and there weren't even any drink specials. We were there from around 4:30 until 6:30 or 7ish, when you'd figure there would be a happy hour.
2	Located inside the mall area of Planet Hollywood. Decided to give this place a try since it was right across the theater we were watching our show. Tons of TV so you can watch all the sports you want.Pint of blue moon-$10.00, that is a bit muchGarlic steak fries- good amount of garlic and Parmesan 12 wings, med.- nice crunch to it, ranch was a bit watered down Garlic balls-it was good, not bad. I would give any place a try at least once but I won't come here again.
5	This place I happening!!  Good drinks, food and a place to watch sports n UFC
4	Going to Vegas tonight and was thinking about this bar.  I came here a few years ago for a Paquiao fight.  I remember the $60? entrance fee which included unlimited bud/bud light.  We had some chicken wings and the one that was the best I had in a while was the habanero flavor.  It was pretty spicy for someone like me that like spicy and it had a great crunch.  But yeah I thought those were some of the best wings I've had.I forgot the name of this bar in the beginning so decided to find it on yelp and to see such low reviews.  I was thinking to stopby for those spicy wings again.
4	Great place to watch games. Great pupus selections. Great service
4	This place is inside the shopping area in Planet Hollywood. Ended up here after walking around and looking for something to do!They have a bunch of beer pong tables in the back. You can purchase one of their "beer pong" packages which consists of 22 cups and 2 balls for $5, and a pitcher of your favorite beer for anywhere between 15 and 25 bucks.It's pretty fun for a change of pace from the clubs if you're chilling with a couple of friends :)
2	Went here to watch some football games and have a few drinks. We were staying in Planet Hollywood so it was convenient and good for a group of people. We got in and got a table right away. The tables are pretty cool because they have taps right in the middle and you can poor your own beer and pay by how much you drink. That would have been awesome for our rather large group except the selection is limited on what beers you can choose and our waitress kept encouraging us to get buckets of beer because she didn't want to deal with the hassle of turning on the taps. We ended up getting buckets of beer because she kept pushing us to even though we really wanted draft beers. It became evident later that she was just lazy and didn't want to come back and serve us. I think she checked on us one time in the several hours we were there. We had to go to the bar to order more beers because she decided to sit in a booth in the back and fold silverware. I know the forks won't roll up in the napkins themselves but come on check on your tables. We had to hand deliver our credit cards to her because the bar couldn't check us out. Overpriced beers even for Vegas and the service is terrible. Go elsewhere.
5	Glenn and Von are the Best!!!   Best place in Vegas.
1	Initial Greeting: Not bad, however the Host did not know where the State of Montana was? That should have been a sign.Drink's: Yikes, over 10 minutes for any kind of greeting by our server, and another 10 minutes to get our 3 bottles of beer.Food: I've had better, but it was not horrid. We waited another 20 minutes to order our food, but it came out in probably 8 minutes (Which makes we wonder when it was actually cooked/prepared). We had no forks/napkins, and would not get acknoledged until our meal was about done. Payment: I complained (we were at an hour 30 minutes now). They gave a small comp (which is better than nothing) and even was greeted by the manager (who never actually said he was a manager). After that, I just walked to the bar to pay, because, well.. I was tired of waiting.Overall: Poor service. Medicore food. I would not ever eat here again. They need more staff, and possibly get rid of them beer pong tables. I hate people reaching for a ball under my chair when I'm eating.
4	If I could only describe this place in one word, I would have to say:CRACKIN'!!!!but let me elaborate...A handful of girlfriends and I decided to hit up Vegas. It was our first day there and we were starvin Marvins. We randomly picked Blondie's because nothing else sounded good. So what we order? CHICKEN STRIPS. And man, I tell ya.. these chicken strips were the best I ever had. WE ever had.We come here the NEXT day, to get MORE chicken strips for lunch. And all of a sudden we hear loud music and people dancing on the bars. We didnt know Blondie's was poppin on a Tuesday afternoon!I swear we ate chicken strips all 5 days in Vegas and we were fine with that!
5	This is the place I go to for beer pong! Thursday night tournaments is where it's at! Whether it's a weekend or week night this place has a crowd. It's a great place to pre-game. The staff is great & so much fun! They have improved the look of the place, by adding a ton of tvs. The food is always good, try the chicken strips, & the bar is always full! Beer pong is $5 for setup & the cost of the pitcher. They have about 8-10 beer pong tables depending on the night. It's only a handful places left in Vegas that offer beer pong nightly. I highly recommned Blondie's as your official pre-game place! If you're looking to watch a game/s & NOT be at a sports book, this is one of the top 3 places on the strip you'll want to consider.
1	Do you enjoy being served excuses instead of food and drink? How about iced tea that looks like it was made with powdered milk? Are you a fan of waiting 45 minutes for a round of drinks in barely crowded sports bars? If you answered yes to any of the above, you should go to Blondies and get the hell away from me. Our party of seven had an hour plus to kill before flying the F out of Sin City and (poorly) decided on Blondies for some much needed snacks and okay, fine, a drink/pitcher. Stop judging. We sat down and after 15 minutes or so, not one server had come by. How do you miss a group of 7 when your restaurant is the exact opposite of busy? Were we wearing One Rings? I walked up to the group (yes, GROUP) of servers and one of them explained, "Sorry, we're slammed." Girl, do you need a dictionary? Slammed is not the word you need - there are maybe 25 people in this piece. I'm going to cut this short because I'm getting all insanity wolf thinking about this place, but avoid Blondies at all costs unless you feel like you need to punish yourself for your poor life decisions during your trip. It's the kind of place where you wouldn't be that surprised if you bit into a deep fried rat. And if you look at all the other reviews that are over one star, assume it's because these people were blackout drunk because there is no way in actual hell this place is "CRACKIN'" or "pretty fun." It is "fucking terrible" and "should not exist."
3	Bachelor Party, Pre party location for 10 guys.  UFC fights, all you can drink beer ($80 per person), bar food.  Its a 3 star all the way around.  Food was good (bar food) service however was slow.  Yes, place was packed due to the fights, but the fights didn't just happen.  They were planned, so should have planned more staff.  Service was my biggest complaint.  GREAT AMOUNT OF TVS.  Perfect sports bar, just needed a little more service from the staff
5	We LOVE this place!! My boyfriend & I originally went in April of 2012 because I found a deal on Living Social for Blondies. We were so impressed with it that we bought another Living Social deal and brought our friends on Sunday March 24th.It was packed due to a pub crawl, and I wasn't expecting to get very good service simply due to the massive amount of people. I was so wrong - Silvia was our server & I can honestly say she's one of the best servers I've ever had, anywhere. We all LOVED her!! I can't recommend this place enough & if you choose to go, ask for Silvia!!
5	Great staff and extra large HD TVs to watch all the games with friends!!
1	WORST SERVICE EVER!!!! Like other yelpers nothing but excuses!!!! Took half hour for drinks messed up on our order then proceeded to argue with us about it! I am a server and they should know better!!!!!!! I highly reccomend avoiding this place do not waste your time!
4	This place is great for guys. Tones of TV's with multiple sports on. They have beer pong tables and sell a beer pong pack with cups and balls for $5. Happy hour was between 3pm-6pm. Really cheap beer. The waitresses were friendly, helpful and very talkative. The barman was also a really nice guy. Great for groups.
2	We came here for a Monday brunch.  Nothing special.  Although the place was not crowded at 11:30 am, it took us 1/2 hour for us to get our order.  No points there, food was average.  Although we did notice 4 people playing beer pong at the backside of the restaurant.  Our waitress was friendly but seemed elsewhere.
3	Really cool place. Good looking waitresses, beer pong tournaments too
4	Went here as part of club crawl, and its here when I got pretty lit. Cool sports bar.
2	Staff was friendly and great service but that was about the only plus. For the of their frozen burger patty I could have walked down the way and ate at a gourmet burger spot for about $2 dollar more and Im sure it would have had twice the flavor. Over priced beer, over priced food. With all the options in Vegas spend your money else where. There was nothing that made this place stand out as a cut above the rest.
4	I was skeptical when I saw their sign that advertised breakfast for $2.99 on weekdays, but I gave it a try. The breakfast came with 2 eggs, sausage, bacon, and hash browns! The wait was 1/3 of Dennys on the strip and this was a much nicer atmosphere! Definitely try it if you're in town on a weekday!
4	After reading the reviews for this place, I was a bit apprehensive, but we were short on time as we were departing Planet Hollywood and Blondies was staring right at us. I suppose it was simply good timing for us because the place was virtually empty and we received prompt, friendly service. We started with the Garlic Bread Balls which were incredibly. Nice crunchy exterior, strong garlic flavor (which I enjoyed) and a soft interior. We polished them off in roughly five minutes. We decided on a large Pepperoni Pizza and we had to have them take it back initially because we forgot to ask for it well-done. Usually, I get a sense of frustration from the server and / or chef when I have to send food back but the waitress was kind about it and understood and the chef (who brought us our pizza the first time) brought it back out with a smile. The pizza tasted great. Perfect amount of sauce and the cheese used had a perfect sense of saltiness and it stuck to the pizza perfectly. The pepperoni tasted fresh and it was simply put, a good pizza. The staff was polite, prompt and our waitress kept our drinks filled. The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star review is that it's a little pricey for what you get, but I was happy to spend a little extra for an experience like this. It appears my trip to Blondies was a bit more pleasurable than some of the previous visitors who have given their reviews.
3	Stopped here for breakfast after a long night, $3.99 breakfast? Sure! I had two eggs over medium, hash browns and bacon with a side of wheat toast.  We were the first ones in the restaurant and seated immediately, drinks and order taken.  We were kind of in a hurry because of an early flight and our food was prepared fast and accurate.  Great stop - recommend if your in the Miracle Mile shops.
3	You get what you pay for and although the pricing is high for where we come from, it's inline with Vegas strip costs. I had a caesar salad, and sandwich with a blondie beer(Great brew). It was accurate and on time. No arguments here. A good stop to fill the appetite and grab a drink.
2	Why oh why would you be a sports bar in Vegas and not be great? Our waitress sat us at a table with a pole yes like a pole dancing pole. Since there was only 2 of us the staff decided to use the part of the bench I wasn't sitting on the slam down their menus, this happened about 6 or 7 times during our lunch it was annoying as all hell!They had more tvs than you can count but some of them were so dark that they were hard to see. So if you just want to watch a sport with no sound I guess you could go here.The food was average I got the pulled pork and there was just too much sauce but the pork was cooked just right.Our service was lacking and it wasn't because they were busy they actually had a server for every 2 tables. They were too busy complaining and gossiping about the other employees. Really people save the drama for later customers don't want to hear about it.
3	Good drinks one day. Great drinks another. Watered down drinks the 3rd day. That's why it got 3 stars. Wish I could have given it more. If go back though.
3	Been here twice for two different occasions. Very laidback. Convenient location inside of PH. Quick drinks, nothing fancy. Fun place to go with a group of people to play beer pong and flip cup. The entire back of the bar is set up just for that. But be careful, it can get pretty rowdy during peak times and beer pong gets pretty competitive.
5	Amazing experience. Used groupon. Arrived right after pub crawl. Fun, loud music. Angel was waitress. What a blast! Highly recommended w groupon, otherwise you'll get fleeced by Strip prices.
4	The food and drinks were fine, pizza was really good. Our server seemed a little flighty. I ask to see the drink menu because I wanted a mixed drink. She handed me the list then walked away. She may have been giving me time to look it over but a little communication that she would be right back would have been nice. Tons of TV but audio for only one game.
4	Great place to play beer pong. They have tournaments that are only $20 which includes drinking! Also you can show your college ID to get discounts. The food is ok. We got the sampler plate. Good while your drink but not high quality or anything. We usually just go for a fun place to play beer pong on the strip!
1	Recently went to this place.  And need I just say ill stick with Applebee's next time. Food wasn't great for the price.  Service was HORRIBLE.   Waitress was chatting it up w her fellow friends and not friendly. Deffinately won't be going back!!
2	Grab a beer or cocktail while walking past.  Nothing more.
3	If you just want to beer pong,this is the spot.other than that,its cool.This place waaaaay in the back of miracle mile at planet hollywood.almost got lost but finally found it.the best part all you can drink from 3-6 i believe for 20$ which is cool as well
1	Do not expect good service. We finally left cause no waitress came to our table and none of the other waitresses cared when we asked.
1	Dirty, smelly, and stale. Waitress was nice an accommodating but even she couldn't overcome the high prices and generic atmosphere. If you want a college town bar environment, then Blondies is for you. If not then stay away.
2	Went here for Sunday football.We had to put 200$ down the reserve a table. No big deal because with 8 of us we spent that much and they took it off the bill. Only thing was that it made it challenging to pay the bill because everyone neede cash.At first things weren't going well because we had to wait 20 mins for the party before us to leave. (Their game went into ot) then it took 20 for our waitress to come by. But from there we were good.Food was ok.Prices were ok.Our waitress was great. (Kristen of rhs fame)Probably would go back but was ok.
3	We hit Blondie's for lunch on Saturday.  It's really a sports bar... they have a ton of TVs and some tables that can be used for beer pong and they have tables with taps in the middle and it's very loud in there.We were seated at one of the tables with a tap, but chose not have beer on that occasion so missed that opportunity.  Our server was friendly and attentive to us.  We used an Entertainment coupon which allows for one free entree when a second is purchased.  The husband had the club sandwich and I built my own burger with cheese, mushrooms and a friend egg.  We both really enjoyed our food.  I liked that they didn't overcook the egg!It looks like they have some great specials.  We noticed there is a happy hour special for all you can drink beer for $20 for a three hour period... wow, you could go crazy with that.You have to understand though, that this place is very loud and while in the Miracle Mile shops, feels kind of ratty.  But, hey, it's a sports bar.I'd eat there again.
1	There's Low Standards and No Standards! They WIN NO STANDARDS! Don't be deceived this establishments looks fun and exciting, however the services is TERRIBLE! If you enjoy being treated like the dirt at the bottom of your shoe, this is the place for you.  However, if you like to receive great customer service and a delightful meal for a reasonable price this is NOT the place for you.  I went to "BLONDIES" after a late night wedding in Vegas and it was to die for or from in the literal.  1) It took forever to get service and food (people that were seated after us were eating before us) 2) One of the individuals in my groups order was not correct 3) The one thing I order a baked potato was cold and old 3) The manager could careless and he let us know it from the response he gave my friend.  When it was all said and done, I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt! So, I took matters into my own hands and said to myself maybe a different approached and a different manager would bring so much need light to the situation.  Nope, I will say at least the other manager attempted to listen, until the rude and disrespectful manger decided to interject with his ignorance (adding fuel to the fire).  As a result, of being completely disrespected and devalued as a customer, I decide to attempt to contact the owner (no success, however not surprised), and finally I decided to write something to caution other travelers not to waste your money at a place like this, when there are other great and fabulous venues in Vegas worth the money.  I refuse to spend my hard earned money at place that could careless how customers are treated.  The staff is a reflection of the management and the management is a reflection of the ownership.  There end is the problem no accountability and employees are allowed to treat customers less than civilized.  They are one of the only establishments open late on Miracle Mile and thus they could careless, plus they aren't about building customer loyalty. Good Luck if you dare to Dine there!
3	Everything on the menu is pretty much fried or really unhealthy in some other way. Large portions- get the Groupon if it's still availableGood service and ok food (definitely a brick in your tummy tho)Adorable hostess and I felt really bad for her cause there's a lot of creepy, disgusting, skeezy guys that come here and she clearly gets sexually harassed by most of them. All the girls that work here have to wear cheerleader outfits and I hope they get better tips for it because they really have to deal with a lot.Great morning specialsAwesome place to watch the game because there's a million TVs
3	My friends and I wanted to grab a cocktail, some lunch and watch the game and happened upon Blondies inside the Miricle Mile Shops at PH. Pretty much your typical sports bar, vast menu, a well stocked bar and waitresses in skimpy cheerleading outfits. A couple us were in the mood for breakfast and a couple of us were in the mood for lunch and the Blondies menu had something for everyone. I opted for a big breakfast sandwich that sounded absolutely delicious on the menu but when it arrived it left a lot to be desired, only at about half of it, not so good. The biggest suprise was one of my buddies ordred a pizza, now being from Chicago I never expect much in the way of pizza when traveling outside Chicago but this pizza was actually outstanding, perfect neopolitan(NY) style crust and generous toppings  and portion. All in all Blondies suited it's purpose, feed a group of us that all had a taste for something different, get some booze in our systems and watch the game. Good serve and ok food.
1	If you want to go to a Sports Bar and be ignored and treated poorly then this is the bar for you.Went there to watch the second game of the world series. We were seated right away.  We go the happy hour special.  All you can drink from 3-6pm for $20.Waitress brought us over our first 12oz draft in a plastic cup and left.  15 minutes later she came back and threw 2 wrist bands on the table and said that we needed to wear them for happy hour.  This was the last we saw of her.  The place was not busy at all. We saw her and 4 other waitresses stand up at the frt of the bar  I had to go to the bartender and get more beers.  The bartender was going to charge me for the beers because she said I should have ordered them thru our waitress.  I told her I would have but she never came back to the table.  We got one more beer and left this place.    DO NOT GO HERE!  There are MANY other sports bars in Vegas.  Go there!
4	I love the hot wings, the amount they service is very generous due to the size of the wings and the amount of celery and carrots they serves along with it. I was a very satisfied customer.
1	If I could give zero stars I would. Hands down bar none the worst service I have EVER had. Went there in a Sunday (11-10-2013)night....while it appeared there were plenty of servers there, you sure wouldn't know it by the lack of assistance we received. We were seated by a hostess immediately, yet out waitress didn't show up for 20 minutes despite our attempt the flag one down. Food orders were COMPLETELY messed up and NEVER were gotten right.  Drinks were not refilled (we were there for an hour half) When we attempted to discuss these issues with the hostess and waitress they simply wanted to spar with us. HORRIBLE place to go. Steer clear of this place.
1	Couldn't even tell you how the food was cuz no one ever came to our table after seating our group of 12 on Saturday around noon. Staff walked by a couple times ignoring us, and no one came to even acknowledge us. 15 minutes later we just got up and left. I guess they rely on their numerous TV's to keep their guests distracted to cover up their poor service. Too bad we weren't there to watch a game, right Blondies? Shame on this joint.
2	Food was very mediocre, and even for Vegas the price:quality ratio was offensive. The service was also very poor, leaving several from our normally carefree group a bit irritated. We showed up as a party of 8 split in half for ease of seating while it was busy but not packed - many tables were empty, no line, between lunch and game time. I had a $15 pulled pork sandwich, fries were a few bucks extra. The bun was stale and the pulled pork was the mass produced overly tangy bbq goop you get in a tub at the grocery store. I ordered a can of Guinness which overflowed the glass after a proper pour, so either their pints run small or the glass was dirty. The service was laughably bad, missed and forgotten drink orders throughout, and we waited far too long for the check.
4	Pretty cool place! They have countless tvs with all kinds of sporting events on them, and they have a system where you can listen to your game over your smart phone. This way there isn't fighting over who's game should be heard. Downfalls... the people don't know what channel the games are on. Tried watching an LA Kings game there and was told repeatedly that it wasn't available. Luckily my brother know the owner and regulated... Well wouldn't ya know? They were able to find the game... what a shocker... the all you can drink happy hour is pretty cool too. Get it with the Groupon and save yourself $10. The bad part is that it's all Bud products or well drinks made with ass-flavored liquor. What do you expect for $10? Food is meh. Vibe is cool.Chicks in cheerleader outfits... effing awesome!LETS GO KINGS!!!!
4	Blondies has a great "sports bar" ambiance and a laid-back "be yourself" vibe.  I love the pizza and the cute young girls in cheerleader outfits.  I'm not even into sports yet visit Blondies about every 2 months.  The beer specials are good.  My only complaint would be the small and inadequate bathrooms - but, who spends much time in there, right?
3	My husband and I liked this place. We would definitely return. Fast and friendly service. Some of the patrons were a little loud but it is a sports bar. It's a nice spot to bring a large group of people who like to watch games on TV. Food was really good and well prepared. Nicely located inside the Miracle Mile shops.
2	We came here during a football game.  They had great music going during the commercials and a great vibe going on.  When we walked up, we told the girl we needed a table for two.  She said, sorry, we don't have any tables.  Okay, then can we get on a list?  She says, "I guess so!  With the game on, I just don't know if anyone is going to leave soon."  (She didn't really seem to want us there).  Another girl walks up and says, "oh, there is a table right here."  Another girl says, "No, that's for another party."  So we give them our name and walk towards the bar.  Before we make it to the bar, a waitress comes back and says that we can have that table because the other party doesn't want it.  Geesh people, make up your mind!We ordered two frozen drinks that were a special.  Something black cherry.  They came from a machine on the wall.  They were SUPER frozen.  After letting it thaw out, we finally gave it a taste and YUCK!!!  It tasted like cough syrup.  I guess maybe we should have sent it back but they were only $3, so we sucked it up and each drank about 1/2 of our little glass in the hour that we were there.I ordered the roast beef sandwich and fries.  My friend got the grilled chicken wrap.  They were both okay.  Nothing special.  The fries were just average.  The waitress we got was actually really nice, so we can't knock her.  She initially charged us $5 each for our drinks but then changed it when asked.
1	We tried Blondies for the first time and the food was terrible. Spinach artichoke dip and burgers were very greasy.  The server was very friendly but we will not return.
2	I was hoping for a good (drunk) time but nothing. I like many others got the Groupon deal of an open bar for $10 from the regularly priced $20. Even if you don't have a Groupon, Blondies advertises the best happy your in Vegas: All you can drink (beer or well drinks) from 3-6pm or 10pm-1am, excluding game days. Blondies is located inside the always busy Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood. It's a great place to catch a game compared to other pricier places on the Vegas strip.Me and my lady friend went in on Friday, January 17 and we're expecting a wait but it was pretty dead for 10pm on a Friday night. Blondies has some serious square footage and there's a plethora of sports memorabilia and flat-screens littered throughout the bar and grill. We were told to seat ourselves wherever we wanted and we headed towards the back bar. However, we quickly made our way back to the front bar after the bar tender informed us she was closing up.After seating ourselves, a server was quick to tend to us and we let him know we had the open bar deal. He went on to put a bracelet on us and began serving us well drinks. Simple vodka and juice drinks. The first drink was nothing to brag about. I felt like I was drinking expired cranberry juice while my girlfriend drank orange juice. I knew then and there we were not going to get drunk. Five drinks (each) later we were exploding from a big dinner and tons of cranberry and orange juice. Not even a buzz. We decided to call it quits and take our loss. I think my biggest gripe is the inconsistency in drinks. The bartenders were great guys but one was making us real drinks while the other was serving us juice. Regardless I was nice enough to tip every time. The TV at our bar was playing an old UFC fight and my lady was forced to watch some guy get his head and nose bashed in while we drank our watered down drinks. We could have asked to change the channel, but didn't feel like bothering our bartenders. I'm sure this isn't a bad place by any means but I'll have to dispute their claim as the best happy hour in Vegas. Ambiance/Decor: 3/5Food (Drinks): 1/5Service: 3/5Price: $$Overall: 2/5Pros:+ Full bar+ Open 24 hours+ Drink specials+ Lunch/dinner menu+ Cute hostess' and bartendersCons:- Open bar drinks vary in strength
3	You have many eating choices while walking around the Miracle Mile. This is not a bad place to pick.  It's your typical bar food with a bunch of TV sets.  Nothing great, nothing bad.
5	My favorite sports bar on the strip. Love the staff! Everyone is friendly and attentive!
3	Another one that took a dive. We ate at Bondies many years ago. I can't remember how far back. The food was exceptional. Granted it's bar food, but I like bar food and the atmosphere is nice. We had tickets to a show at the V Theater and a Groupon came up for Blondies. So it was perfect. Eat, then walk a few steps to our show. We were seated immediately. Our waitress gave pretty piss poor service. We are not extravagant people. I don't need you to kiss my ass because you're serving me food. I just ask that you refill my water, and get me my food when it's ready. This waitress was bottom of the barrel. It took her forever to get our order...after walking past us telling us she'd be right with us. She then explained how it's been soooooooo busy and short staffed. I'm human, I get it. No worries. However, she was off doing god knows what and I see a guy in a t-shirt (a bartender, a dishwasher) I don't know who he is. But he kept running all her food. Um, ok. She's just walking around like she's got nothing better to do. Also, I'm pretty liberal. I don't care if you have tats over your damn eye lashes BUT sometimes what you wear does not go well with your "art." She was covered in really bad faded tats wearing a cheerleading costume. The hostess was gabbing with two friends who came in for applications. She would gab with them. seat someone then back to dishing about how great the job is. UGH. Unprofessional. But the food was good, when we finally got it. Nice girl, but slow service. Overall, with a groupon or a comp or desperation would bring me back. But hopefully none of that is likely. I have never had their alcohol I can't speak to that or happy hour specials.
1	Meh. Greasy food served at Vegas prices. Four of us went there on Tuesday, the place was NOT busy; a dozen or so patrons in the place- plenty of seats @ the bar. The waitress (pleasant and friendly) took an inordinate amount of time to wait on us, process our order and actually get us our food & drinks ( cold curly fries are NOT tasty). Overall, we were underwhelmed. Skip it. The waitstaff wasn't taxed by a bunch of full tables, the bartender was just hanging out and the two cooks/managers/delivery guys that dropped off our food appeared unhurried and laid back......so the problem might be managements approach to motivating the staff to move faster - and prepare BETTER FOOD !! I give this place 1 Lemmon, 1 pear and an orange.
4	Just stopped for a drink waiting for the mall to open.  $1.99 Bloody Mary and free Wi-Fi...don't mind if I do.
5	So this bar is the meeting place of The Show from San Diego State University if they are in Las Vegas. They have lots of beer pong tables, decent looking waitresses in cheerleader outfits, and ice cold Fireball shots. Lots of TVs and big tables to handle our big groups for watching any sporting event.
1	64$ for wings/salsa/sliders/2 beers.. And on the chips n salsa, they put the salsa on the chips in the basket. It was weird..the staff was nice however.
2	Good place to watch the game but nothing else. Lots of TVs around. The food is whatever's. It is bar food. The garlic fries were super greasy. The chili cheese fries tasted good. And they use cheese whiz. The Philly cheese steak lacked flavor. Burgers/sandwiches are about $16 each and don't even come with fries. It's super expensive here.
4	The hostess was hot, and the food was good. The service was great and the prices were reasonable.
2	Fun place to watch the game but food isn't so impressive and it is somewhat pricey. I am rating this on food only. Husband ordered a regular hamburger ($13) which does not include fries and I ordered a cheesesteak ($16) no fries either. Fries purchased separate.  Food was just ok tasting. It wasn't bad but nothing to write home about. I would say they do need to improve presentation (refer to pic). So many other options to choose from so if you are there to eat maybe try somewhere else.
1	Horrible, just say no.We were going to Planet Hollywood for a show and I had just looked at groupon and saw Blondies.  So I thought the groupon would make it a decent price for a tourist trap and it was bar food, so we could find something there.  I looked online at menu and prices.  When we got there every item was $2 more than online.Upon walking in, she went to sit us out on the walkway, but we asked for inside to watch the game.  Then she took us to the back where many tables of rowdy and obnoxious people were playing beer pong beside our table.  We asked to go back out front, but in the meantime, the odd waitress "yelled" and I do mean yelled snidely at the beer pong people that their food was "taking up her table"....well, they were doing what they were paying a hefty price for... ordering bad bar food at hefty prices as well as wasting and drinking a lot of beer.  However obnoxious, they were the demographic.  That being said, I am not.  So unless you are currently going to "keggers" you need to find another dinner spot.  The food was horribly cheap and generic boxed food.  Three waitresses were having a disagreement behind the bar.  Two business suit pervs were feeling up the waitresses.    And while, the waitress who yelled at the other customers continued to not ever smile, she was actually working hard and efficiently, just minus any smile or happiness.  She did keep us refilled and said thank you when we left.  Pretty much, this place was a complete cluster f.  (and for me to use that term is the only way to describe it).  The vulgarity is the only way to describe the place.
2	We went here for the Cotto vs. Martinez fight, got here an hour early and the place was packed. The man at the front entrance stated the fight was going to be displayed on the outside entrance of the bar, we waited on the outside for awhile, we were lucky enough to grab two seats, the two male bartenders were un-attentive, couldn't get a drink.The black male at the front entrance later made an announcement the fight was going to be displayed on the inside of the bar, and since the demand to watch the fight was so high they were going to start charging everyone there to watch the fight, complete bullshit, they advertised online that the fight was free, we called in to double-check the fight was free, when we got there we informed the man at the front entrance we were there to watch the fight, he let us in then 30 minutes later tried to charge us? After we argued he said we were fine, that we were grandfathered in since we were there before they decided to start charging people.Now we were upset because we wasted 30 minutes outside of the bar to find a seat, when we could have been inside waiting for a seat. When we called earlier they said they didn't take reservations, when we proceeded to the inside of the bar there were 3 tables reserved, no one sitting at them to watch the fight.Once again we were lucky enough to find seats on the inside at a table of 4 with only 2 guys sitting there, they were nice enough to let us share the table.Our waitress is the only reason there is 2 stars, I'm not sure of her name, but she was very nice, very understanding, and decently attentive for how packed the place was.The food, we got a Chicken Caesar Wrap and a side of fries, the wrap was full of lettuce and very little chicken, I got 2 quarter sized pieces on my half, we assumed the chicken would be grilled as most are and instead it was deep fried. The fries were very soggy and greasy, they weren't bad though. The price on the menu for the wrap was $13 and some change, we got billed $16 alone for it and some change plus tax. Menu error? Waitress error? 2 Touch Pos system error? Who knows.Now right before the main fight starts, a waitress comes to our table and places a reserve sign on our table without saying a thing and walks away. We yelled to get her attention, she came back and said our table will be reserved for the fight, we said we were watching the fight, she told us we would have to pay for the table PLUS have to pay to watch the fight. COMPLETE BULLSHIT, I don't know who manages this place but you don't advertise a free fight on the internet, you don't tell people over the phone the fight at your bar is free and that you aren't taking reservations and then decide to change your mind, to charge people for the fight, to charge people for tables, and start taking reservations because the demand is high  to watch the fight, unbelievable. After arguing with the lady and telling her who we talked to and what they said, she went to confirm with him, came back and said we were fine. Not one person in this bar knew what the hell was going on, completely disorganized and chaotic. While watching the fight a man that was very intoxicated fell and hit his head on my barstool, he could have injured himself very badly, I'm not sure who his waitress was, but it was her job to cut him off long before he got to that point, after he fell and hit his head, he couldn't stand up on his own a friend had to help him, even after that, he still didn't get cutoff. If this place continues this type of service they will lose their liquor license.The only reason I would come back here is because our waitress was so nice, other then that management needs to get their sh*t together, that's not how you run a sports bar.
2	Eww! This place feels gross to me. The staff is friendly but the table was sticky and the drink (yes drink not drinks because I wasn't wasting calories on a crappy cocktail) was weak. Blah all cocktail juice, no alcohol. I won't be returning.
4	It was my second appearance at Blondies for dinner, and this time to start I opted for a bowl of Spicy Chili, which was excellent in flavor, and true to its name but not overly spicy--yet could have been heated hotter.  Then I followed up with an excellent Build Your Own Burger.  Mine was a half-pound medium-rare burger festooned with lettuce, tomato, pickles, American Cheese, mushrooms, bacon, and fresh avocado slices, which was indeed a mouthful.  And Diane and I split a generous order of very fine and flexible elongated French Fries.  My party was seated in the patio area along the Miracle Mile directly facing a lively, overactive water fountain and the V Theater.  The mood was festive.  Service by cheerleader-clad waitresses was friendly, swift, and accurate.  And only some paper scraps on the floor detracted from the sports bar ambiance.But, as many have said, food is king.  And, here the food is very good indeed!
1	Absolutely horrible service.. didn't even bother to stay. We walked up to the door and had to ask the hostess to be seated. He response was "I have no tables," so I asked, if they had any open seats at the bar and she said "nope!" Then turned around and walked away. Won't ever be back.. if that is the service from the first person you see when you walk in, I can only imagine what the service is like inside.
1	Disgusting food, overpriced menu, and lame service. Run, don't walk, away from here. We went around 10:30pm and ordered chips and salsa, small order of boneless wings, and 2 sodas. $37 later - gross wings, stale chips, and chunky brown salsa. Don't even bother, seriously.
1	Overpriced mediocre food. DO NOT go here. The service was awful! We had to ask our waitress three times for napkins and silverware! Super slow service and to top it off the waitress charged us for an item we didn't even order. Never coming to this place again!!
2	Waitresses/ hostess were very polite. However, Extremely slow service despite the place being empty. Took about 10-15 mins to get water and quite a while to get our meal. My BF ordered the patty melt which he said was very good and I ordered the spinach artichoke dip. I wouldn't recommend - it tasted like frozen creamed spinach.
3	Went here late at night for some food. There is not too much to say about this place. It was pretty empty for a Sunday night, probably because it is nestled deep in the Miracle Mile Shops at Planet Hollywood that are mostly closed that late. We ordered Mozzarella sticks and each got a wrap and a drink. The Mozz sticks were good, and the wraps were fine, but both were pretty expensive. The bill was almost $70 which I felt was a bit excessive for the amount of food we got. The wraps did not even come with fries. I'm sure this place is more fun with more people, when it's more of a bar than a late night restaurant. This is just my experience.The waitresses wear Cheerleader uniforms, and were pretty attentive, though the bartender was slow with our drinks.
2	There wasn't anything spectacular about this place at all. They had a sign  up on the wall Maxim Magazine voted them one of the best bars in the country a few years back.  Maybe it was super cool a few years ago, but as for now, I beg to differ.  The hostess asked if we would be eating, and we told her yes.  She then told us to grab a seat anywhere we'd like.  We sit, and another woman rushes over and tells us nobody is serving that section.  Strange, since the place isn't huge. But anyway.. we sit elsewhere and she comes over and asks if we would be eating.  Yes. Then she made some rude, unnecessary comment about the hostess forgetting to give us menus.  We ordered our drinks and decided to go with the appetizer sampler.  It was about $22 and came with a few different appetizers.  Honestly, all were bad.  I understand that most bar food is fried food.. but c'mon.  This stuff was literally drenched.   You could taste the oil which was so unappetizing.  My weird husband must have been starving because he said it was alright.  I deemed everything inedible and let him have the rest.  For a drink, I opted for the amaretto sour.  The sweetest, weakest $8 amaretto sour in the world.  It strangely tasted like cherry kool-aid.  What's up with that!? I never really read Maxim Magazine before, but after this.. I don't think they can be trusted.
3	It's cool for the location and the vibe is fun. Lots of beer pong and just beer! The customer service is very average nothing to brag about. We didn't eat so not sure about the food.
3	First time eating here, we ordered the garlic bread balls ($7.99- it was good),spinach artichoke dip ($14.99- NO!!! it taste like the one you buy at the grocery frozen section)and rib eye steak ($26.99- Like it!! was juicy and tender).
3	I had a Groupon for Blondies that was going to expire the next day.  That figures the way I let Groupons go.  We came here Saturday to use it before we lost its value.We were seated at a low table in the patio area.  We were brought menus immediately and our drink order was taken.  In a short time, our server--I believe Markiya was her name--came to take our order.My wife ordered a Philly cheesesteak and I ordered the Reuben.  We were told that a basket of fries was better than two separate orders.  We got the garlic fries.Both sandwiches were very large and very good.  The garlic fries were very good!   Service was good.  My iced tea was refilled a couple of times and I didn't need to   ask.  I normally would give a four star rating but the noise level was awful.  It was the first day of the college football season and there were some loud viewers in the main restaurant.  Also, being located where it is along the Miravle Mile Shops walkway makes for more noise.  A plus though is the oppoprtunity to watch tourists.  That's always a lot of fun.  Prices here are also high.  I can get as good in my neighborhood for less money and less driving.Still, it was a good meal and I'm glad I tried Blondies after walking by all these years.
4	Went here with a few friends and the management turned what could have been a bad experience into a good one. We (party of seven) were seated promptly, but there was a disconnect between hostess and waitstaff, so we didn't get a server right away. We decided to leave, and on the way out, one of my friends mentioned why we were leaving. The manager found us about to be seated at another restaurant and asked us to come back. He more than made it up to us. The food was good and the servers were lovely.
3	We have been once in the evening for drinks. Lots of college kids playing Beer Pong...not an issue; they were having a great time. When yesterday for lunch. The service was good; server was very attentive but not bothersome. I had the Cobb Salad, it was HUGE and really good. I would recommend it but definitely for sharing. My husband had the Philly Cheesesteak; this was also large. He said it was good but he wasn't blown away. None of the sandwiches some with fries, they are $4 extra. The menu was very basic; nothing to make them stand out. But I would return for lunch as it was a quick in and out with pretty good food.
1	I had absolutely the worst experience I have ever had at a bar on the strip at blondies today. 11/4/14. The bar was busy and the restaurant was too and there was only one bartender. Being in a hurry to get the Britney Spears concert it made it impossible to get a drink before. Completely unacceptable for Vegas standards.
3	Great for all-around sports fanatics and even for the not-so-big sports people.Whether if you're a die hard fan or just a simple casual fan who's supporting your friends/family/significant others team, this restaurant have great atmosphere. One of the few drawbacks with Blondies is if you have your heart set to watch the game here, you would need to make reservations pretty far in advance. You can do that by either calling the restaurant or make a reservation through their website. With walk-ins, it's pretty much the luck of the draw. If there's an open seat available at the bar, you better take it. First seat you see, you better sit your a$$ down because we walked around the restaurant hoping to see an open table somewhere and by the time we wanted to go back to the bar area, those seats were taken. All within 30 seconds.The food was good. Typical bar food. We ordered a buffalo chicken wrap, patty melt and we shared this BIG OL BASKET of garlic fries. Such a huge portions of fries....I'm kinda fried-out for the month. (And for those who know me, I LOVEEEEE MY FRENCH FRIES.) But ugh...no more. =/Overall, pretty decent place to watch your Sunday football games.Boyfriend can grab a seat at the bar, get a drink while the girlfriend goes shopping for a bit and then join the boyfriend later. =) Perfect Sunday, right folks?
1	Basic menu. Wings are below average. There are many other bar and grills you can go to in Vegas. I'd pass on this place.
1	Came here only to find out that my two favorite bartenders were gone. And since the current bartenders are catty bitchy females who obviously didn't want my money (as shown by their eye rolling) I happily took my money and my tendency to tip 50% elsewhere. The food here sucks, anyway.
1	Saw a breakfast plate deal advertised on 4 tv screens in front of restaurant for $2.99.  We, family of 4, got seated 11:05am & attempted to order the advertised $2.99 shown on screens.  Waitress tells us that breakfast is over at 11am.  We called her attention to the large 4 tv screens & that it did not mention any expiration times.  She tells us we had to order from the lunch menu.  We told her this was deceptive advertising.  We also asked why they still advertised the $2.99 breakfast deal after 11am (their breakfast cut off).  She told us it is posted until noon each day even when no one can order that special after 11am.  Then she wanted to know what we would like to order from their lunch menu, where the prices were much high.  Deceptive advertising to get customers in!  Bait & switch method used on customers!  Would not recommend!
1	Went to Blondies on 12-28 to watch the Lions/Packers while visiting Vegas. Bad decision. Food is way over priced, service is bad and the beer prices are $$$! The Lions/Packers game was the featured game yet at the start, they had music blaring so loud and no game sound. They tuned in the game on several Tvs but they were not synced. Several of our food orders were cold. A much better option is the Mexican Cantina across the mall!
3	I ordered a patty melt and side salad.  The meal was pretty good for a sports bar. Definitely would visit again.
2	Too expensive.  So-so service.  The garlic fries were ok.  Their Happy Hour only includes Bud and Coors, which you wouldn't know from their signs.  They no longer have the individual speakers so you can hear the audio from whichever game you choose.
1	Rip off they lied to us on free beer all night. Never comming back. They stole our money
3	Summary: This is a great place if you want to watch a game/sports and drink loads of cheap beer while eating some (to my surprise) pretty good bar food. Since I don't drink - sadly the cheap / all you can drink beer was a waste on me. I'd bring a crew here for sure.I went to Blondies to view the UFC fights (Go John Jones!) - cover was a bit overpriced $40! BUT I forgive that for the cheap beer - again, wasted on me - but I can see how paying $40 cover + $20 = damn good night for some folks. Atmosphere: What you'd expect from a sports bar - loads of TVs, etc. If you have a big group you can "buy" a big booth with primo viewing to the screens, if youre a small group or solo - there's plenty of seating available.  The people in this place range wildly - you are in Vegas. I found mostly friendly sports-watching-having-a-good-time people. Food: HEARTY portions, and surprisingly pretty good. I had a BLT and shared some onion rings, both of which were not greasy and overdone - but tasted fresh. Even the toasted bread on my sandwich was fresh. Service: Decent. I was happy that the girls in cheerleader uniforms weren't so boob-a-licious that it was annoying. They were cute and friendly, and bless them for having to run around with pitchers of beer serving half distracted sports watchers. They were fast, I didn't wait forever, and there was enough of them that i never had to flag one down.Overall - better than Buffalo Wild Wings for a little in-hotel Vegas sports action.
1	We were in a rush to grab dinner before a show and stopped in at Blondie's because there was no wait and it fit our budget. They were out of most of their beers (probably thanks to it being New Year's week). Out of our group of six, none of us were overly impressed with the food. My turkey wrap was okay at best and the pizza was disgusting.Service was slow and almost dismissive, despite the fact that they weren't overly busy.There was a very loud group taking up the entire back half of the restaurant. I of all people totally understand others wanting to have a good time, but the guys who came over and insisted on "starting up a conversation" with our group of girls (a.k.a. making a poor attempt to hit on us) disturbed the end of a below average meal and also got in the way of us trying to pay our checks. I would have had a more pleasant experience eating fast food. Perhaps if we wanted to just stop in for cheap light beer and beer pong (ugh) we would have enjoyed ourselves more.
