5	Dr. Vivienne Velasco is terrific! I was here a week or so ago for a eye exam, new glasses and contacts. The Doctor know her business and everything from the actual visit to follow up and eyeglass selection were A +++. You really won't be disappointed and keep in mind this is her place. No corporate affiliation just a lady with a dream and is making it happen. Go here and you will not be sorry. Cheers and thanks Dr. Velasco.
5	I was one of Dr. Velaco's first patients at ifocus and had a PHENOMENAL experience and have continued to come back every year!  I'm from Southern California and drive all the way to Vegas just to have her examine me.  You definitely will not be disappointed in the service and care her practice provides.  I look forward to coming back again Dr. Velasco!  I HIGHLY RECOMMEND HER TO BE YOUR NEXT EYE DOCTOR!!!
5	I purchased a Living Social deal for $65 for an exam and pair of glasses. I  was in dire need of a new pair of glasses, so I couldn't pass it up. About 2 weeks after purchasing the deal, I called the office to set up the appointment. The woman I talked to was very friendly and helpful as she ran down the details of the deal and set up my appointment. The office is an a office park that is not quite full off of the Flamingo & 215. When I arrived at the office, the front desk staff person was very friendly and helpful. Before my exam she pointed me to the frame selection I could choose from and then helped me select a frame. About the time I had chosen my frame, it was time for my exam. Dr. Velasco was very friendly, and helpful. She asked a lot of questions, and in return allowed me to ask a lot of questions. The exam was quick, but Dr. Velasco was very efficient. She showed care and concern, which was great! iFocus takes most insurance, though I did not use my insurance this time as I had the Living Social deal. My glasses needed to be ordered, but arrived within 4 business days. I will definitely return.
5	I had my appointment with iFocus Vision Center yesterday, didn't know what to expect since I've hadn't had an eye exam for god knows how long.  After my appointment to my surprise I really enjoyed my experience there.  I left feeling really good.  The staff along with Dr. Velaco are great.!  Dr Velaco even gave me a coupon to for the dry eye medication she suggested that I buy.  Very caring of her.  Thanks guys.
5	I went there after reading good reviews on here and I loved it! I can say I finally found my first "good" doctor in Las Vegas. Dr. Velasco was so nice, and definitely knew what she was talking about. She got me out of my old contacts - that she said are outdated (yet no other eye doctor said a thing to me about them) and put me into the most comfortable contacts I have ever had. The assistant, Sarah, was so nice too. I had told her I wanted to look at glasses when I got out and she had a bunch of  nice pairs waiting for me when I came out. They have a  section of eyeglasses that are $100 (frames and lens) that were super cute too. So if you are looking for cute, cheap glasses, you should be able to find some here!  They also have the designer frames too. There were so many frames I loved here, so definitely a good selction. You won't be disappointed with this place - I wasn't.
5	It was time for my yearly eye exam and to order new contact lenses. Still fairly new to town, I could not decide which Optometrist to choose from my vision insurance's long list of approved doctors. Thanks to yelp, I decided to go with Dr. Velasco since all the reviews written here were 5-stars!Dr. Velasco is awesome!! She ran through many tests and ordered several different trial contact lenses to make sure that I was fitted with "the right one." She told me that my old contacts were "outdated" and not the brand/type that she would recommend to her clients. Wow! I was impressed with the way that she took her time to conduct a thorough eye exam and how she explained everything to me and answered my questions. I feel like the other Optometrists I saw in the past only did a few tests, did not say much and just ordered whatever type of contacts that they wanted. Dr. Velasco also discovered that I have Astigmatism. I'm not sure how long I have had the condition, but my old Optometrists never mentioned anything to me! Her assistants- Kim and Sarah are great as well! They are very nice and friendly, and are always willing to help you! Kim helped me get the most out of my vision insurance and made great suggestions when I needed to pick out an eyeglass frame. I am very happy with my glasses, contacts, and the service I received here! Highly recommended!!Just an FYI- they are located in the same plaza as Sweet Tomatoes.
5	Great staff. They show that they really care about their customers. Very enthusiastic. Sara and her mom were very helpful friendly and polite. The doctor did a very thorough exam and made sure everything that I needed was solved. I definitely recommend this place to everyone. I was scared at first coz I was new in town but they made me feel very welcome and comfortable. :)
5	I wanted my first visit to the optometrist in my life to be a pleasant experience so, as I do for all important decision making, I turned to the internet. The reviews on Yelp for IFocus were excellent so I called and made an appointment right away. Sarah, the receptionist, was incredibly kind and welcoming. She answered all of my questions and helped me pick out a perfect frame for my face, steering me away from huge Buddy Holly glasses that would have been a terrible decision in retrospect(acles) ;PDr. Velasco was just as wonderful as her receptionist! The eye exam was incredibly thorough and she stopped to ask if I had any questions for her throughout. My prescription is perfect and I am so excited to have found such a great doctor right away!
5	Loved this doctor and her staff! They were all super knowledgeable, friendly and very welcoming. I look forward to going again, and even though I could have gotten cheaper frames at, say, Wal-Mart- I would gladly pay full price to know I was getting a thorough exam, the right prescription, and wonderful service. I couldn't be happier!I took advantage of their yelp discount, and that helped a lot.
5	I've come here for a year now. They have a great selection of frames and the assistant is super super sweet! My son sat on my glasses and popped a lens out so I had to come get new ones here. It was quick and easy! I asked if they also did children and they did!When my new glasses arrived I took my little nugget in to make an appt and to my surprise they were able to see him right away! He got his exam and just like I thought he needed some glasses! The choice for the children wanting black frames is small but we basically got the same frame! It was super quick to get them and they always say if we need adjustments to just call!They are located off ft. apache and flamingo above 5 guys burgers!
5	I cannot stress enough how wonderful everyone was to me at this office. I arrived early so a lady helped me find the right pair of frames for my face, so by time time I saw the doctor, I already knew what I was buying. I was on time, and wisked through my exam for glasses and contacts. Fabulous staff. I highly recommend coming here.
5	Close to home which deserves an A++Awesome location & atmosphere, courteous caring enthusiastic staff!! Highly recommended!!! Don't hesitate make that eye appointment now with iFocus!!!
5	Wow! Hands down the best eye doctor and staff I've had, a truly enjoyable and pleasant experience. So thorough and knowledgeable, I felt totally satisfied with the care and new contacts and glasses I got. Have no doubts, they will take excellent care of you and make you feel like a star, I've not had a lot of places to rave about since I moved here but Dr. Velasco and her team made my day.
5	I made an appointment with Dr. Velasco based on Yelp reviews and was not disappointed.  How can someone get so excited about an optometrist?  Well, I've worn glasses since I was 8 years old and know from personal experience that not all optometrists are created equal . . . that is, some just hurry through the exam to get to the next patient, are brusque with answering questions, etc.Dr. Velasco and her staff were friendly, patient and thorough.  I was happy that the doctor didn't rush through the exam, and they even took pictures of my eyeballs to track for future visits.  I also ordered my frames onsite.  The frames are obviously a tad more expensive than ordering online or at Costco, but for me, glasses aren't just something that I wear for a fraction of the day.  I need glasses "all the time" and don't like contacts, so I have high criteria for frames: comfortable, durable, good quality and not $600 out the door.  I'm also picky AND indecisive (winning combo), so this means I need to try on LOTS of frames until I find something I really like. Don't get me wrong, I've bought glasses at Costco.  While I love Costco, I don't feel like their frames are of the greatest quality.  I've ordered at least three glasses from Costco, two of which have chipped within two months of ordering.  Or maybe not at least for someone like me that wears glasses from the moment I wake up until I go to sleep, for months on end.  (Of course, it also helped that my vision insurance covered much of the cost at iVision.)  Anyhoo, I spent at least 2 hours trying on different frames.  The staff was awesome and never batted an eye, even though I'm sure most people would have been ready to strangle me at that point.  Two thumbs up for them!I highly recommend Dr. Velasco and iFocus all around, and will be going back soon to get my prescription sunglasses!
5	I live in Southern Highlands and I don't mind traveling over to iFocus for my eye examination because Dr. Velasco and her staff are friendly and wonderful people. She is a wonderful eye doctor  and she always remembers her patients and she must have a lot of them! The coupons on Yelp or Groupon definitely make the cost of the examination and glasses less expensive and you can always use them to get a second pair of glasses or a prescription sunglasses.I'm getting to that age where I have presbyopia and am nearsighted, so finding the correct prescription is difficult. Last year in Los Angeles I went to LensCrafters in the Fox Hills Mall and it was a nightmare (not to mention hour long wait times). Every time I went, I had a new doctor. They would experiment with my prescription and I felt like a guinea pig. It took them 2 months to get a decent pair of glasses and contacts (at one point, they even lost my records and I had to repeat the whole lengthy examination all over again). The first pair of progressive glasses I got from them gave me optical migraines, I had to send them back and get mono-vision ones and separate reading glasses. Dr Velasco was able to fit me with the correct pair of progressive lenses in one sitting. I no longer get the headaches. The multi-focal contact lenses are a little tricky (since I have an astigmatism in one eye) and we are still working on it. She doesn't mind repeated fittings and is most kind. I think the technology on these type of lenses is just not perfected yet.The selection of frames is not as large as some of the other eyeglass stores, but you can always get your eyes checked with Dr. Velasco and take your prescription elsewhere, the folks at iFocus don't mind.So next time you need to get your eyes checked or require a pair of glasses, get the Yelp coupon here or go search Groupon to get a discount and come to iFocus!
5	I decided to have my annual eye exam at iFocus after I read all these positive reviews. I am so happy that I found Dr. Velasco.She and all her staff are so friendly, that they make you feel warm and welcome. Dr. Velasco is very thorough, knowledgeable and precise, she explains everything is simple words. I really had great experience there.Do not hesitate to go there - you will like it.
5	After firing my former optometrist, last year, I was in the market for a new one. I had only a few requirements: I'm not waiting an hour+ to be seen when I have an appointment (c'mon, this isn't urgent care), the doctor can't be a Creep E. Creeperson & the staff needs to be polite. A light bulb went on!, I should Yelp optometrists. That's how I found iFocus- located above the Five Guys at 215/Flamingo. The office is clean & modern yet cozy. The woman who greeted me was helping someone else... yet... still greeted me (this is the type of customer service we provide in my workplace as well. something that little is a big deal). Dr. Velasco is put-together & very kind. She performed all aspects of my exam herself & was thorough, patient (my eyes had their own opinion of how my contacts fitting would go!) & took the time to explain things &, in a sense, to educate me. The woman who did my check-out was as friendly as the one who greeted me. It seems like everyone there appreciates going to work. My experience exceeded my expectations & I would absolutely recommend iFocus to anyone.
4	This place is a significant haul from downtown, but all these great Yelp reviews weren't wrong: Dr. Velasco is great, and she doesn't subject you to the horrible air-puff-glaucoma-test-thing that other optometrists do. Plus, the Yelp coupon is a really great deal and applies to exams too!I never had the intention of buying any of their frames when I went in there, so I felt a little awkward asking for my pupillary distance, but unlike other optometrists I've been to, they wrote out my prescription (with PD) and gave it to me afterwards without any fuss and ready to submit to Warby Parker.My only issue is with the receptionist. I visited in October of last year so with any luck she's not working there any more, because she was a total pain in the ass. She was rude, dismissive and made my time waiting quite uncomfortable. I felt bad leaving my wife out there alone with her while I was being examined.To end on a positive note, I can't help but like any place that's above a Five Guys and next to a Yogurtland.
1	The yelp deal I bought it and everything went fine after I paid for it it says it cannot be combined with insurance screw tham I wanted to use it for my copay , so then I went there to try to use it to buy glasses they are so expensive cheap ass frames with the lens are about 200. Well I guess I lost 25 dollars..
5	I have been going to iFocus since it pretty much opened and am very pleased with my experience each and every time I go for my annual eye exam. This year's eye exam came a little bit early due to an incident where my ass broke my glasses in half while I was taking a nap on the couch. I called on Friday morning and they were able to squeeze me in at 11am on the same day! I can't lie, I was pretty excited about getting a new pair of glasses (I think I have a fetish for them). As usual, as soon as I came in I was greeted by the receptionist and was checked in right away. While waiting for the usual prescription check, I browsed around for some new frames (I love this part) and was taken to the back within 5 minutes. It was a pretty busy day for them, but Dr. Velasco still saw me within 15 minutes of my arrival. If there was a gold standard for doctors, I think Dr. Velasco is it. She is so pleasant, personable, and at the same time very knowledgeable about what she's doing. She makes you feel like you're doing a great job reading the letters in front of you despite the fact that you're doing a really crappy job and missing half the letters. Anyway, I have recommended my entire family, my ex, my current, and my coworkers to her. Lol For every person I recommend, I get a $25 credit. Win-win, right? Thanks Dr. Velasco!
5	I haven't had an eye exam in well over 10 years & I thought it was about time. My new insurance covers an annual eye exam & a pair of glasses so I thought there was no better time than the present.My insurance referred me to two different locations & I chose iFocus because of the Yelp reviews. Both locations were within 2 miles of my home so either would have been convenient.The office is very nice, modern & clean. The front staff were very welcoming & friendly. Since I am 34 weeks pregnant, that was the main topic. I did a pre-test w/ an assistant then met w/ Dr. Velasco. We did a few tests (color, depth perception) & prelim prescription. Since it's been a while I was impressed w/ the new technology. Dr. Velasco was extremely nice & it felt like we've known each other a long time. She was very thorough in her examination & explained everything that she was doing. I'll be going back in 3 months to do the dilation, since I couldn't today because I'm expecting. Jaime was nice to even give me her opinion on what frame looked best on me.If would definitely recommend Dr. Velasco.
5	I just moved to Vegas from Washington, DC and was in desperate need of a new eyeglasses prescription.  I selected iFocus Vision and Dr. Velasco based on their outstanding Yelp reviews. A few notable highlights are as follows: Online Services: iFocus Vision offers online scheduling, which is extremely convenient if you can't call to schedule an appointment during their office hours.  I scheduled my appointment and filled out my new patient paperwork online, which is how I found out that they took my insurance. I also confirmed my appointment via text, another great feature.  Office: The office was conveniently located close to my home, about 5 miles away. The office environment is beautiful, clean and modern and the receptionist was welcoming and friendly.     Exam: I have an eye exam every year, so I'm quite familiar with the process.  Having said that, I was very impressed with the new technology that was used during my eye exam.  Dr. Velasco is very professional, friendly and explained every test to me, some of which I was unfamiliar with. She also discussed the various eyeglass/contacts options and corresponding care instructions in great detail.  By far the most comprehensive eye exam I've ever had, which is a great thing.  Insurance: After my exam, the optical staff went over what my insurance covered and the best way to maximize my benefits.  I ended up getting two types of contacts and replacing the lenses on my current eyeglasses. I can't wait to get my new glasses and contacts!
5	It was time for my yearly eye exam and I decided to try this place based on the overwhelming positive reviews on Yelp. It's great to see businesses like this offering yelp deals and check in discounts. Currently they have a $50 voucher for $25 deal, or a 15% off check in discount.  You can't use the 15% check in discount with the voucher unfortunately.I called for an appointment and got scheduled the same day which was perfect for me. You can save some time by filling in a patient history form on their website, love that.The front desk girls were friendly and helpful, they were happy to answer questions I had and help me browse frames.Dr. Velasco was great, she immediately made me feel at ease and I was very comfortable through the whole exam.The selection of frames is not as extensive as some other stores, but they are happy to put lenses in any frames you find elsewhere.
5	I typically write reviews for exceptional or awful service, as much else doesn't make an impression. This place deserves its 5 stars and then some. The staff was friendly, knowledgeable and fun. The doctor took her time to explain many questions we had. My aunt was visiting from out of the country and the entire staff and doctor took their time for translations to occur both ways and did not make us feel rushed or that we were taking up their time. Patience is an excellent virtue when dealing with patients, and something that not all doctors have, but she did. Truly loved this place!!
5	Very Simple to describe:  Excellent Service from Setting the Appointment to the Thorough Exam by Dr. Velasco to the phenomenal service by Kim in Eyewear.  I felt so satisfied that my wife is now a patient.  I also had excellent post-sale service by Kim which is one of those differentiators from the rest of the industry.  Thanks and you've earned our loyalty!
1	I was referred to this office by my daughters Opthomologist. She sent us here because my daughter needed her bifocal lens set high, and she has always been pleased with their lab. I checked their website, and there is a deal for a complete set of glasses for $49 and $59 depending on the lens material. Awesome. Except...When I called to see about coming in (since this office is across town), I was told the only special they have is a low vision special, which is a complete pair for $89. Lucky (or unlucky) enough, my daughter is low vision, with several eye issues including macular degeneration. $89 seems like a great price for a complete pair, especially for folks who need specialty lenses (one would assume most low vision individuals have decent prescription). The rep that I spoke to said they were full on appointments, but the best time to walk in was around 2:00 pm. I had to head over a bit early (again, it was across town and my oldest daughter had to be picked up from school by 3:00), and arrived around 1:15. The office girl was apparently just heading out to lunch, but was friendly enough to offer to stay and help us until the other girl came back from lunch. It would have been helpful to have been told the office was closed for lunch when I had originally called. Eventually, I was told that my daughters astigmatism was too high (2.25 and 2.5, which is moderate astigmatism, nothing too dramatic) and also that her bifocal lens was not included (which I expected). I was quoted $200 for one set of glasses, and the woman told me they charge extra for higher diopter lenses (which I have never been charged for). Overall, the staff was less than helpful and I felt like the special I was quoted was not true. The selection of children's frames was not spectacular, and I left upset that I had driven across town for nothing. I will not be using this shop again.
3	Saw great reviews on Yelp, so I gave it a try despite 40 min drive from my house. Doctor was perfect: thorough, kind, patient and informative. Unfortunately the people working in the office/front desk needs more training in professionalism and efficiency. Nice ladies, but not the brightest of every age group. Yes, I saw at least five people working the floor. And yet.. Spent about 30 minutes with the doctor, 15 min picking out contacts, and another 2 hours of waiting to get contact order submitted, price estimated, and purchase a very expansive $250 frame that a week later went on sale for 60 percent off. I'll find another clinic nearer.
5	My family and I have been coming here for a few years now and I must say I will not want to change my optometrist again. They remember my entire family, and were a family of six. They did everything they could to ensure my husband got his safety glasses for work and just went more than above and beyond for him. It was a difficult situation and they fought for him till they got it approved.
2	Dr. Velasco is great but her staff/receptionists are NOT so great. I had a question regarding contacts and the receptionists snapped at me!!! She gave me a ridiculous amount of attitude to the point of leaving me speechless of how unprofessional she was. Rude and incompetent. When I went in to try on my contacts, the staff members did not wash their hands prior...who knows what they touched before handling my sterile contacts? Because of the rude staff and how unsanitary the staff members are I will be seeking out a new eye doctor and eye clinic.
4	This place is awesome. I am not a patient of theirs; yet, they treated me with respect and dignity, and assisted in solving my particular issue (which was a critically urgent need for contact lenses, if you just need to know). First things first, we gotta get there:LocationIt is located in the Sweet Tomatoes/Sammy's Woodfired Pizza/Five Guys anchored strip mall. Sorta hard to find because the entrance is on the backside of Five Guys, and one must take an elevator to the second floor. (Sorry those with sursumdeorsumphobia; I found no stairs.)Secondly, the customer service:Over the phoneUltimately helpful, understanding of my dilemma, and willing to go the extra kilometre. The sympathetic woman over the phone assured me that they had my brand and size as samples so that I could immediately begin to see again, as opposed to waiting until an order was placed and delivered. In personIt was different front desk personnel that received me when I arrived. She was likewise professional (in comparison to the lady over the phone) and after recording my order: went to the back to find my lenses so I could see properly again. Naturally, they would not accept remittance for the samples; but, offered them as a courtesy as a customer. Lastly, the optometrist:N/AI did not see the optometrist, but she seemed pleasant enough engaging with patients while I was there in the lobby.     Definitely an establishment I would recommend if you are in need of contact lenses and do not wish to purchase online or do have the time to wait for an order to be delivered from an online purchase.
