4	This was my all time favorite place to go before I moved to California. I use to go to the one located in Chandler but it was a bit of a way, I was ecstatic to find out they were opening one in Gilbert near me at the time.There are so many items to choose from, you have your standard deli selection of sandwiches along with paninis and wrapinis (sandwich wrapped in a tortilla and grilled) or the huge muffeletta(s). You can choose from a variety large salad plates or you can choose the salad bar. There's soup, pasta, plus a soft serve area. One of my go to items I get when I can't seem to choose is the Spud of Broc potato W/chicken, this isn't your average baked potato, this thing is HUGE and quite filling.  Oh how I wish they would open one near me in the Bay Area.
5	I love this place!!  The sandwiches are awsome.  The french onion soup is the best I've had and it is vegetarian!!  Plus you get free frozen yogurt (that tastes like ice cream) with your meal!
4	I love food, I love sandwiches and I'm a huge fan of Jason's Deli.   I've been going to this location since they opened liked 3 years ago.   Today's visit did not disappoint.  I had the Beefeater, a huge mound of roast beef and provolone on a french roll with a side of Au jus.  For dessert strawberry shortcake, fresh strawberries, real whipped cream on a yellow cake.  Everything was fresh and wonderful.   As I always do I was overstuffed and regret not just getting half a sandwich.  I had their sweet tea to drink and that is always really good.My usual favorite is the Portabello Wrapini which is over the top good.  It's a little spicy but the flavors just make you want more.  With each sandwich you also get a choice of regular or baked chips.  If you are ever in Mesa and want a good sandwich I recommend them for both lunch and dinner.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go for lunch. I really like the atmosphere, and the quick service coupled with good - and huge - sandwiches. I've never tried their salad bar, but they also have really, really good ice cream free for anyone (even if you don't order anything), which is always a fun way to finish off the meal. I like to get the Beefeater, but I like almost everything they have. Occasionally the person at the register seems a little harried or rushed and doesn't stop to explain certain specials or meal deals, which has resulted in me or a friend not getting what they expected. I always try to take it slow when ordering.The next thing I want to try is one of their baked potatoes!
2	I think I got the wrong thing..I got a chicken salad on french..the half...with a drinkcame out to 8$ for about a 5in sandwich..hella weak in my book..i saw people with huge pastrami, and roast beef...mine was just tiny..ill stick to corporate subway
2	I just don't know what to get here I guess.  I've had the club royal, the pastrami, muffaletta, Italian sub. I look around and I see everyone really enjoying there food but it just doesn't do it for me. I think I'm doing something wrong. I hate the fact that they center load their sandwiches that make the meat portions look huge (it's hard to get the first bite in your mouth)  but by the time you get to the end of the bun it is just bread. I should just tell them to keep their chips because i never eat them.  I just don't really like potato chips. I wasn't aware the ice cream was complimentary.
4	I was visiting Arizona, and my friends who live there kept on taking me to places which specialised in "heart attack on a plate" meals, involving lots of fat, and not a lot of greens. I was really craving something healthy, when my new best friend took me to Jason's. I love this place! Lots of choices, and, more importantly, lots of *healthy* choices. It also has a relaxed, friendly atmosphere which I appreciated. It's just too bad that we don't have any Jason's in Canada.
1	so i went in again..just to try it one more time...it took over 15 mins for the sandwich to be made, then when the manager was bringing it out, he stopped to converse at the table of a former employee...I was at the counter looking for it, to ask that that make it a to-go order, because i was going to be late..when the manager finally made it back with my order, the sandwich was made incorrectly. this wasn't a custom sandwich either, one of they're own creations. So...the manager offered to give me my money back and apologized. I told him of my last experience, and said he could keep his $20 gift card because i didn't want to waste any more of my time in that expensive, bland, so called "deli".
5	I don't usually review chain restaurants, but chain restaurants usually don't offer affordable, organic, delicious selections--especially without being too pretentious about it. Jason's is just that place.  One of my best friends turned me on to it a few years ago and now it is the go-to for a healthy, inexpensive lunch that feels like a taste-bud splurge.The thing about Jason's is that while it is environmentally responsible as well as body-responsible you don't have to compromise your deli experience in the process of all this responsibility.  If I took my dad here (a usual litmus test for whether or not something is too hippy dippy) he would just think it was a normal, cool deli with good food.  EXTRA PLUS: -Complimentary bran and corn muffins, crackers, garlic bread, and soft serve frozen yogurtOrder at the counter, but get served wherever you pick to sit.  It gets a little crowded at lunch time, but I'm always amazed with how smoothly and quickly the line and fresh food preparation goes.They also deliver and cater...going to try to make myself remember that for the next work function where we order out.
5	They have a limited time thing going on right now with BBQ chicken pizza (not sure how long it's going to last) but let me just say it was amazing.  Probably THE best BBQ Chicken pizza I have ever had.  I have tried other things too, like the tomato basil soup, and many of their sandwiches ... very good, very fresh - every time.  The 5 stars is for the pizza, but if I were to rate Jason's Deli over all they would get about a 4.
3	Great deli food and fresh choices for the whole family. Great news, kids eat free on Wednesdays after 4!
4	I love Jason's Deli.  It is always super tasty.
3	Its a glorified sandwich shop. There wasn't anything that was too spectacular. I had the Royal Club and it was a good sandwich, but it wasn't great...
5	This restaurant is the healthiest fast food place you will enjoy!  Whether you eat in or get your order as take out, you will know you're feeding your body healthful and delicious food!  My family and I probably have them every other week.  I can't pick out one thing on the menu that's my fav because everything is good!  Enjoy!
5	Jason's Deli is always solid. You have to try the French Onion Soup w/ their awesome salad bar. I also enjoy their "Wrapinis" and the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich(SO GOOD!) Everything is FRESH! The staff at this particular Jason's Deli is always fast and friendly and the restaurant is very clean! Great, quick lunch spot!!
5	Jasons deli is really awesome i rarely eat outside the box but i always try a new sandwhich at Jasons! Every sandwhich is so good and made just how i like it. The resteraunt is clean, in a nice location, and the people there are really friendly.
5	This is one of our favorite places for lunch! I'm gonna clue you all into the best things on their menu: The Broccoli cheese soup is creamy and delicious, great for a cold winters day, probably the best that you can get since Chilis no longer has theirs. Their chicken salad sandwich on a croissant (do the build your own) with lettuce and tomato is amazing, chicken salad probably the best I have ever had with bits of pineapple in it (how original is that?). I also love their SW chicken chili which is pretty healthy with only around 250 calories per serving if I remember right. The roasted tomato tuna wrap is very tasty for being on their "healthy menu." (see next paragraph for what I really think of their healthy menu). Their ceasar side salad is fricken huge and the dressing is terrific, very light which is surprising for ceasar. Their salad bar has alot of great stuff to choose from and I love that you can get pasta and potato salad up there as well. Their pasta salad and tuna pasta salad are to die for. Lets see, what else. their fruit cup is always full of fresh fruit and my favorite kinds too (strawberries, cantelope, and grapes), and the dip that comes with it is sooooo good and different. Its a creamy yogurt dip but it is an amazing accompaniment with fruit. Lastly, I am going to clue you all into a little secret: Their desserts are scrumptious! Well at least the two I have had. Believe it or not, they probably have the best baklava and strawberry shortcake I have ever tried!!! For not being a Greek place, they do a mean baklava! It is light but so sweet and nutty the way that baklava should be in my opinion. The shortcake is great too and is very large with lots of berries. A little tip: when ordering a sammich, they automatically come with chips. I don't think they are very good, taste like ruffles, so for a little extra I always order a different side like pasta salad or fruit and you should too!Ok so now that you know what to order. Here are some other things you probably would need to know. Its a walk up restaurant and you have to get your own drinks. They bring your food out to you but there is no tipping involved which is always nice in my opinion. They may be a little pricier than some sammich shops like say Subway, but I wouldn't say they are overly expensive like Paradise Bakery. The service is always quick and friendly. Their catering is terrific and everything is always fresh and delicious. Very quick too. I can call an hour before I need the trays ready and they will have them ready for me when I need them. Here is the only downside I see with this place: their "healthy items" on the menu. If you actually look up the calorie counts on these, you will be shocked, they are no different from most of the other items on their menu. I was hugely disappointed when I was on a mission to lose weight and found out that the turkey wrap I had been ordering that was supposed to be healthy was most likely the thing holding me back from my 125 pound aspirations. In any event, the wrap was delicious so I should have known better. Haha. Can't ding them too bad for one little glitch on their menu. Lastly, most important part! What you can get for free: crackers, mini cornbread and gingerbread muffins, toast points, and frozen yogurt! I LOVE FREE STUFF so I take full advantage! Need some crackers at work for soup, look in my desk drawer, piles of them thanks to Jason's! Need my sweet fix, go to Jason's, pay tree fitty for a bowl of soup and then get a free yogurt cone! Woot Woot, I love you Jason's
2	Reuben sandwich w salad AND soup and all three totally bland! I'm sad that I didn't enjoy this place because I LOVE delis. Damn.
5	I have made Jason's Deli a serious habit!  Their menu offers a great variety of healthy food, and each entree I have tried has been fantastic!  Their pickles are delicious and their service is friendly.
1	UGH. I gave you another chance, Jason, and you served me a pasta salad with more oil than the Exxon spill. Thanks for the headache.
3	I still love Jason's but have a couple of complaints about my recent ventures there. First, the salad bar hasn't been stocked up the last few times I have been. One time there was barely any potato salad and another, there was no lettuce. How can you have a salad bar without lettuce?Second, the Broccoli cheese soup has been hit or miss lately. There have been times it has been delicious, creamy and warm. Other times, it has been too thick and not very hot almost like its been sitting aroundLastly, they need to make sure they are cleaning their fruit properly, namely strawberries. There have been two times now when I ordered a fruit cup and found berries with mud on them. Completely disgusting. I am hoping that maybe management at this location will see these complaints and work to correct them. Other then these issues, Jason's still remains a solid contender for lunch with me and my co workers.
5	I always get the Big Joe! The staff is pretty friendly and it's DELICIOUS!! I've also had the chicken alfredo - it's good, but I don't like the penne noodles. I much rather the fettucini noodles!
5	The Meatballa is way better than I expected, and I expected it to be pretty good. Also, I got free ice cream. So there would have been 5 stars given just for that. Ha!
5	I love, love, LOVE Jason's Deli! The staff is awesome and always friendly. Their salads are to die for - BUT everything on the menu is great!
4	I had a chicken panini and was more than enough! It was dinner and lunch!They have this special bread that is like a big bun. The people is very friendly and patient to explain their different options. Nice place, and for sandwiches it was just good.
5	Awesome salad bar with great selections. They have a nice computer feature if you're getting the salad bar and paying with credit or debit. Skip the long line and head to the kiosk on the right.
3	I enjoy Jason's, but I do think this location needs some TLC.The food is very good, never had anything I didn't enjoy.The decor and cleanliness need a lot of help. The floor was very dirty, almost like the tables are wiped right onto the floor. The beverage area was a little misplaced, maybe some more attention there would benefit.Over all good, but not great.Will come back and review again.
3	This place is a decent fast restaurant. I went here last night to pick up dinner with the BF. After much deliberation, he got a turkey sandwich and I got the soup and sandwich combo with the chicken pot pie soup and the chicken panini. The soup was good and the chicken they use in it is white meat, which I thought was a nice touch. The sandwich was far less good. The meat tasted like it had been cooked long ago and frozen or something and the sandwich just wasn't very flavorful or fresh tasting. The BF's sandwich was alright, but he was a bit miffed that they charge 50 cents for cheese.... not so cool. The people who worked there were nice enough, however, and they gave us each a pickle, which was nice. This wouldn't be my number one place to go get a sandwich, nor would I ever crave the food from here, but it's ok. If you want to eat some ok food, this place will do.
5	This place has pretty amazing sandwiches.  I get the New York Yankee and it is always great.  Big enough for two meals.  Last time my boyfriend and I split one of our sandwiches for lunch and the other for dinner.  They are huge!! They are delicious.  I have only tried a couple so I don't consider myself an expert, I haven't tried the salad bar there really...  It is always packed when I go there which I guess means a lot of people really like it but makes me feel kind of claustrophobic. :S  I would for sure advise people to give this place a chance if they have been pondering it.  I think the food is yummy and satisfying. :)
2	I never actually eat at their location... I get it delivered. Their food is good and their drivers are always super nice... but damn! They NEVER get my order right. How hard is extra red onion and NO NO mustard? It always comes the other way around: EXTRA mustard (HATE IT) and NO onions!! WTF. I called to complain and they didn't even bother to rectify it. BOO Jason's deli. You should make it right. It's sad because I do like their food... you cannot beat their potato salad.
4	Everytime I come in here the food is great. The price is right. I love the salad bar.
4	Stopped by here for the first time for a quick sandwhich. The corn beef was as good as it gets and compared to NY deli's, the quantity was great!  I especially like the "lighter portion" offerings, just in case you aren't really THAT hungry.  Great looking salad bar, which I must try the next time I am there. My hat off to the bus boys. They were very quick and looked to keep our table clean!
3	Had a lunch meeting with a client this afternoon.  Stand in line, place your order, fix your own drink, have a seat and they bring your food out.  Had the ruben (not bad) came with potato chips.  The sandwich was on grilled rye with a little dressing, lots of crout and a good amount of beef (a little dry).  Let's say I won't be ordering it again, large operation mid price point with lots of noise... Pricy for a sandwich joint...
5	I've often heard of Jason's Deli but never really had the hankering to try until my friend France R. was actually in that side of town and was looking for some healthy food for our dinner. I don't think there could have been a better choice in the area. Just options for every type of taste bud! What surprised me the most was the variety of foods that  they offered. I came in thinking "typical sandwich place...OMG tomato soup!?" It's definitely a place that I can keep revisiting and not get bored of because they have so much to offer.
4	Pretty good sandwiches. I've always just done take out from this location, a few times they have had trouble getting the order right. However, we keep coming back for fresh sandwiches and soup.
3	Food was delish. Unfortunately, they only list the calories for 4 items on thier  menu. They didn't offer a calorie brochure, instead they had a binder which they looked thru. Since they were unable to find the item in question, I ultimately ordered one of the four items (less desirable, but still good.)
1	I love love love the food! It's too bad that my order is NEVER right and since I always get it to go or order it makes it hard to it taken care of. And my order has been lost a handful of times. Yesterday I order at the to go counter at the same time as my daughter. Hers came in 10 minutes.. After 15 minutes of waiting for mine I asked them to check on it and EVERY single employee I asked to help would start looking for it and move onto to something else! I finally got my sandwich after TWENTY FIVE MINUTES!!!! I will never go back after that, which is sad because I do love the food when it is actually done right and on time.
4	This was my first trip into a Jason's Deli. I wasn't sure what I was expecting, but I don't think it was this. This location is huge (are they all this size?), ample seating, friendly staff, intimidating long line but it moves quickly.I ordered a Hot Corned Beef sandwich on white, with swiss and russian dressing. Basically a Reuben with no sauerkraut on a different type of bread, and less expensive. Jason's doesn't have coleslaw or else I would have had them make me a Rachel...oh well. My sandwich was good, my fault I didn't have them toast or grill the bread. There was hardly any dressing on it, but now I know for next time. If I didn't have a hankerin' for a sandwich, I might have gotten the salad bar. It looked really good when I walked past and I thought the express all-you-can-eat salad bar and soup register (for credit or debit only) was nice, and probably cuts down on the line that this place must form everyday around lunch.I picked up a menu to bring home so I will be reminded to return when I am looking for a good sandwich and reasonable kids meal pricing. I will definately be back.
5	Great sandwich and salad bar.. we always order the California Club. The croissant is so flaky and it comes with fresh fruits and yogurt dip! Yummy
2	I had ordered from this store and they never delivered my food.I called them and they said they couldn't find my office, but they never called to say they couldn't find my office! Then they said they'd redeliver it and refund me the fee to deliver it,  but they never did even though they faxed me a new receipt to get the refund, which I signed and  I sent it back but never got my money, horrible customer service, the delivery was an hour and a half late! food was cold and gross, I'll never order from Jasons deli again for the price I'm being charged and the level of service.
3	Decent sandwiches. The salad bar looks great, the deli offers a wide variety of sandwiches (including vegetarian options), AND (win!) they offer a pickle with every sandwich, the way a real deli should.However, they use cold-cuts, which I'm not a fan of, and their sandwiches were ok. I'd be willing to go back for another round, but just a quick suggestion for anyone looking for an authentic Jewish or New York style corned beef sandwich--they're not going to find it here. Even their pastrami was cold-cut. But for everything else, I'm sure it's going to be deeeelish.
4	Their sandwiches and salad bar are always fresh and delicious. They have plenty of options for anyone who isn't feeling a sandwich, such as, soups, pastas, bagels/pastries, etc. An endless amount of free ice cream for everyone. I like places that offer outdoor seating as well indoor, so that was a plus in my book. The only reason I gave Jason's four stars, instead of five, is because of the staff. Don't get me wrong, they are very nice here but they have their employees constantly come up to tables to ask to take their survey, or if you want a pickle, or how your experience there has been, it's just too much. I assume that when I come in here that at least one, if not more, of my conversations will be interrupted!
4	Great sandwiches, salads, coffee and free Ice cream!!Service is pretty good too only downside is the menu can be confusing for first timers
5	I get club royale no h.m it soooo delicious nom nom!!!!!!!! Totally recommending this place!! Give it a try!
3	Different choices of sandwiches but I feel like I could make them myself, nothing over the top special. The carrot cake isn't worth $3.29 a slice either!
1	Food is good, but I will never again spend a dime in that place. I called to make an order for delivery when I was informed by the girl on the phone that they have a $25 minimum and a $7 delivery fee!!!!!! Are they kidding? That is insane, the food is good, but not that good. Curious if anyone in charge knows anything about business, delivery can be a huge money maker. Most other places have a $10 min and a $2 - $3 delivery charge.
1	This place used to be the "go to" place for my coworkers and I to order food from every week. Their food is really good, but I would not recommend ordering for delivery or pickup. They have screwed up at least one thing on almost every order we've ever placed. And the most recent they screwed up three out of four peoples' meals. It was not small stuff either!! It is easier to believe that they are doing it on purpose to mess with us than to believe any group of human beings as a whole can be this incompetent. If ordering for pick up Texas Roadhouse is in the same general area and when you pick it up they open every box and let you see that the order is correct!
2	Went to this place, my first time on sunday, aug. 17, around 3 p.m. for a to go order. Gal told me salad was huge and I asked what mixed greens were. Salad was not huge and the order did not contain mixed greens at stated in the menu. Better to buy a salad bar to go salad, less money and larger. When I asked if there was dressing with the salad, the reply was you didn't specify what dressing you wanted. Well, I was never asked what dressing choice I wanted. Was not offered free ice cream while I waited for the to go order, yet another patron was. I asked if crackers came with this order, no, well I grabbed some on the salad bar I should of ordered on my way out the door. Salad was good, but not what menu specified.
2	Can't complain about the food it was quite good. But alas they have one of the big "no guns" signs by the front entrance. This establishment has to go on my don't give them my business lists. The sad part is the food is really great. But I have my principals and if they called the police on one of my buddies for carrying a firearm my friend would actually go to jail. So be warned.
5	Our first time to Jason's Deli was an absolute pleasure. All staff were incredibly helpful and nice. Jeremy greeted me when I arrived and anticipated my needs for a high chair without me asking. He also checked on our table and brought things I needed. Food was spectacular, as was the service. Thank you!
1	I ordered a half a grilled cheese sandwich. I was charged $7.29 and then told it would be another .69 cents for cheese. HUH? So you are telling me the one slice of bread costs $7.29 and then if I want cheese on my grilled cheese it will cost me .69 cents? When I inquired to the cashiers that couldn't be correct they argued right back at me. Seriously? You girls (cashiers) think that is conducting an honest practice? Charging someone 8 bucks for a half of a grilled cheese sandwich? Very shameful! Anyway, I went ahead and paid for it, thinking I was going to get thick bread with cheese oozing out the sides. When it was served there was nothing special about it. It was a slice of Wonder bread with barely any cheese in the middle. Can you say, now I felt disappointed, disgusted, and cheated!?! A manager was called over. I explained how I felt. She agreed. She said that upper management does not give them the tools they need on their registers to properly charge for a half grilled cheese. She refunded my money and I gave back the sandwich. Won't be going back. BTW, I think the girls at the register need to be coached about improvising and problem solving. (I posted a pic of the sandwich on here)
2	Has really gone downhill in the last few years. Jason's use to be awesome. Food quality and service here has declined dramatically. Still has a great salad bar. Sad to see the decline of a once really good deli.
4	Great sandwiches (huge variety) made to order. Plus 10 soups and a full salad bar. Known especially for putting together box lunch meals and platters for work/party functions.
5	Had the special. Homemade roast beef sandwich with aioli sauce,red onion and horseradish. I asked for cup of au jus and dipped my sandwich. OMG fantastic. I also got free muffins corn bread and gingerbread yum from salad bar and soft serve ice cream with meal. Great food.
