5	I don't believe this location is there anymore. My location is located on Town Center Dr & the 215. I decided to put it here since Yelp (or the owners) haven't updated their information yet. Surgery was fast and I felt comfortable. Valium of some sort was given to me and I honestly had no problems getting ready. The machine can look intimidating, but it was so easy. I had a friend of mine ready to drive me home and in a few hours I was able to see. I was at 20/40-45 and am now 20/15. I am quite happy with my results. If you make an appointment, try to get the earliest one or be prepared to wait. I tried different times for my return visits, but the earliest got me in and out the fastest. Also get their early and not at your scheduled time. They have multiple rooms in the back (maybe 5) and they will fill them up with people who have your same time slot. There was one time I waited an hour in the examination room before I had a 4 minute checkup. Overall, I had a great experience and am extremely happy with the results. Even though there is a wait, I am still going to give it  5 stars.
1	I had surgery by him it did not work and the follow up was poor.
5	My wife got her LASIK surgery here in December 2011.  After being sick of contacts and glasses for 15+ years, she finally wanted to get it done.After some research and speaking with a few facilities, it seemed like the best choice was either here or Lasik of Nevada.  We chose Siems based on our talk with the consultant, price for the exact same treatment and also their proximity to our home.  My wife didn't want to schlep it all the way to Henderson for follow ups.  Dr. Siems made us feel comfortable right away upon the first meeting.  His office is very nice.  The lobby feels spa-like.  Needless to say we were nervous when the big day finally came for her to get the procedure done.  You hear that there's a high 90% success rate but a person only has one pair of eyes.  Dr. Siems and his staff made my wife as comfortable as possible (valium helped).  I was able to view the whole procedure on a television outside of the operating room and it definitely made me wince a little when they cut the lens and started shooting the lasers in her eyes. The whole procedure took less than 30 minutes.  She then took another valium and slept for about 18 hours.  She was able to see very clearly the next day and it just improved from there.  Post operation checkups are included in the price so the day after, 1 week, 1 month, 3 month, 6 month and 1 year were all taken care of.  Now that it has been well over a year, she says it's one of the best things she's ever done in life.  I've worn glasses more than half of my life and feel like the fat guy at Mr Olympia or the dude with no tattoos in a tattoo parlor when I go in there.  They always ask me when I am going to do it.  I am still on the fence about getting it done myself but if I did, I wouldn't hesitate to go with Siems.
5	Ive had to wear glasses and contacts since I was in 3rd grade. My eyesight is now perfect and I couldnt be happier. The best decision I have ever made and the staff is so friendly and wonderful! I recommend everyone to go here!
2	I spent 2 1/2 hours to see the optometrist maybe 10 minutes total.  The technician who normally does the basics did almost everything and did a great job.  Dr. Siems came in and basically signed a few forms, asked if I had ever worn contacts before and if I was interested in Lasik?  I got the impression I was forgotten about when one of other technicians walked by and asked what I was still doing there (sitting in the exam room).  When I told them I was waiting to the Dr. he apologized and went running off.  Good thing I had my phone and Words With Friends.  Over all the exam was pretty good and the facility looks brand new.  All in all, though I wasn't impressed and if it wasn't for the Yelp Discount, I wouldn't have gone or recommend anyone else go either.
1	You think when you pay $3000 for a Lisik surgery that they you should be covered and that they will take pride if their work and if you need so called "Enhancement" due to them not doing a good job to start with, but they need another $250 for that, the way they treated me I felt I was dealing with a car salesman!!  They say you signed the contract, this maybe legal but not right!
5	Freedom from years of hassling with glasses and contact lenses is PRICELESS!!!!  I am so thankful Dr. Siems had the confidence and expertise to create a perfect vision I never knew existed.  The procedure is quick and painless and I was able to drive the next day. Thank you Dr. Siems and staff for making me feel so comfortable and welcome and my visual freedom!! I highly recommend Siems Lasik
5	Dr. Siems and staff are amazing.  They are so caring and have a great understanding of what is best for your eyes. I am one week out from my LASIK eye surgery and I CAN SEE!  No pain, no complications,  no problems.  Go ahead,  shop around town. I did. I promise that this office and especially Dr. Siems won't let you down.
1	If I could give minus starts I would. I had a terrible experience. I asked many questions to see if I was a good candidate as I am far sighted and was told I would get a good result. Every time I went in for a follow up and complained about blurred vision I was told to use more eye drops. It was almost like they had my money and just wanted me to go away.Long story short I know have to wear Bi-focal's and can no longer wear contacts either. I did go for another consultation with "The Wellish Institute", to see if this could be fixed and they were way more professional and informative. Unfortunately, they told me that this could not be corrected and when they looked at all my pre- op information it was very clear to them that I was not a good candidate, and they should not have operated.Shame on Siems Eye care for just worrying about money and not the patients!
3	SIEMS Lasik surgery: If you are looking for Lasik surgery, this may happen to you....I had a Lasik surgery a little over a year ago, January 2013. Before the surgery, a consultation was done. I have a HMO insurance which was not accepted at SIEMS. However, the Lasik was performed there with out of pocket payment. After the procedure I have been visiting numerous times with follow ups and complications. I WISH IT COULD BE REVERSED what they had done to my eyes. Every visit, my eyes were checked with the same procedure. In October 30, 2013 my eyes were red and burned. So I went for a visit and was diagnosed for conjunctivitis (pink eyes). No prescription or anything suggested. As a result I was billed for $90 because of a medical issue, not related to lasik; I was told 3 months later. I was informed that my insurance refused to pay. Well it was known before the surgery!Also I was told that after a year, I need to pay out of my pocket every visit. I am no longer needed follow ups there. I feel like they do not care any more.Since the lasik surgery, I could not live a day without eye drops.
5	FANTASTIC.!!! I had my surgery a year ago (Feb. 2013) and I have had nothing but great  experiences. The staff is great and very helpful. I work Mon-Fri, 8-5p so I always schedule the latest appointment and never had an issue with the wait times.. I think I must have been there a total of 6-7 times now. I also have never had an easier time rescheduling appointments if needed. It's an initial $100 for evaluation appointment, but it goes towards your surgery if you qualify. I paid out of pocket so I'm not sure if they offer payment plans.  Eye surgery can be extremely terrifying, but they take such good care of you and make you feel comfortable. During my follow up appointment Dr Seims is always a quick evaluator but know what he is doing.. I now have 20/20 vision and could not be happier with the results.. Highly recommended..
5	Freedom from years of hassling with glasses and contact lenses is PRICELESS!!!!I am so thankful Dr. Siems had the confidence and expertise to create a vision I never knew existed. The surgery was quick and painless and Dr. Siems and his staff were sofriendly and made sure I was comfortable I knew I was in the right place and in the best of care.  Thank you Dr. Siems for my visual freedom!!!I highly recommend Siems Lasik
5	I had my LASIK surgery done around August or September of 2013. I bought a groupon for $2000 for the blade and when I was there I was convinced to upgrade it to the laser for $2500. I have absolutely no regrets. The techs were professional and very helpful. The doc was prompt and his calm demeanor made this whole experience a lot less scary to me. Haha with the surgery, you also get a year worth of check ups following the surgery, and they prescribe you kinda costly eye drops, but in your visits sometimes they provide them for you, which is nice. After the surgery, your eyes are Super irritated, itching, barely being able to withstand light, smoke, etc. for a couple weeks. Other than that, it's smooth sailing. I definitely recommend them.
1	STOP!  Do not go here!  I would give 0 stars if I could but since that's not an option 1 it is.  I am 3 years post a PRK/LASIK procedure.   Where to begin - I was told I was a candidate for both procedures with no real preparation on what to expect.   Basically, sign here, where's your CC and away we go.  The PRK was debilitating, beyond painful, beyond horrible.  Why didn't they tell me it would be a rough recovery period?  Sun glasses at night, vision so blurry I may as well have been blind for weeks.  But hey, pain for clear vision was a price I was willing to pay.   My follow up appointments went like this - my vision is still blurry...Ok, use more eye drops.  What about now - still blurry...ok, use more eye drops.  I feel like I can't see out of my left eye and when I do see it's blurry.....use more eye drops.    Ummm, I still can't see....you will need a LASIK touch up.  See finance for the pricing.  Fast forward a relocation to LA and new eye doctor.  I have scar tissue that effects my line of sight. Oh, and I should never have had the surgery due to my pre-op prescription and corneal thickness. They shaved my cornea is so thin I am at risk for collapse/droop which is never good.   When your eye dr says "I will not say anything bad about another dr so I will remain silent for a minute". Wtf?!  Run and go somewhere else.
2	Had no problems.  Vision was corrected.  I recommended 2 more coworkers and they were happy as well...My complaint is with their honesty and focus on money, 2 important factors when choosing an eye surgeon.They claim to have a $100 referral fee.  In both cases they do not hold up their end of the deal.  Both people I referred followed up and I myself followed up.  They tell you the same things every time,  Either its another girl who handles it and she's backed up or they get sent out at the end of the month and it will send out then.This seems to be a scripted answer to get you off the phone.  I am certain Dr. Siems does not pay these fees at all ever to anyone whatsoever. Period.In fairness his business is legit and I had no complications with my surgery nor did any of my coworkers.
