4	I travel to Disneyland at least once a month, but when I am home in Vegas I like to visit this store to experience some of that magic from the parks at home.  The store is beautiful with a castle, coloring areas to watch movies, and great trivia games.  The merchandise is straight from the parks, so if I forget something at Disneyland, I can always come here to pick it up.
3	I'm a fan of the Fashion Show Mall and a fan of Disney, why didn't this store open up here sooner?! Grand Opening was a few months ago, and it was crazy! There was a giveaway to the first 100 (?) shoppers and a really really really long line to take a picture with Mickey Mouse, situated at the fashion show area. Made for a show because we ate at the Grimaldi's across the way.The reason for my 3 star-review? Location. The store is tucked away in between Macy's Men and Brookstone. There is a huge expansive hallway ideal for those pesky annoying kiosks. In other words, unless you're looking for it, you won't know it's there. They need more signage indicating the exact location. The store is a good size. Maybe more room than the Meadows Mall location (narrow and all the aisles are filled with merchandise, impossible to move when there is a crowd). That is a good thing for parents with strollers, like us. That is, with the smaller stroller, I mean. Merchandise is plentiful. Cash register is to the left back corner of the store. There is a nice little Gazebo type viewing/seating area- that is the nicest feature of the store. It's a regular retail store, which means regular prices. There are the usual suspects, ie. specials on several items (the Buy 2 items to get the sale price deal). I prefer going to the Premium Outlets locations.
3	Went here looking for Frozen merch. If you have a little girl in your life, your life has become a quest to find Frozen merch. I gather the popularity of Frozen surprised Disney and they can't keep up. No problem. I lived through the Star Wars figurine shortage in 1978. I know the drill. Anyway, my GF went to look for a sales woman to see if there was any Frozen merch. Maybe in the fabled "back of the store". We stumbled upon another adult couple asking her the same question. The sales woman started to ramble about how all the factories in Arendelle were frozen and they haven't been able to make any toys. Ha ha. We all waited for the adult answer. All four adults. No children. Looking for a simple answer about supply chain management. Chinese holidays coinciding with factory retooling. Somali pirates forcing cargo ships to take longer journeys around the tip of South Africa. Work to rule in the port of LA. None was proffered. That was her answer in full. In all seriousness. Some place that doesn't actually exist was frozen over by some magical spell and there was no Frozen merch to be had.We slowly backed away and out of the store.
