1	The trucks are in poor condition, the advertisements for fuel efficiency are completely inaccurate by a factor of 9 and should be sued for false advertising, and they will charge a MINIMUM of $30 for not returning the gas to the level it was at. Not worth the time and trouble.
4	We dropped our truck here when we moved from West Virginia, had storage here for two weeks, and rented a truck to move our stuff from storage to our new home, and our experiences were all great. The staff is friendly and helpful, and they're willing to work with you. Due to car issues, we kept having to push back our truck pick-up time, and they were more than willing to be flexible with us. They also allowed us to park our still-packed truck in their parking lot after we dropped off our tow-dolly so that we wouldn't have to drive the truck back to our hotel before we could unload into storage.Definitely would work with these guys again whenever we need to rent a truck.
5	Long story but I had to rent here quite a few times this year. I found the staff very helpful and the trucks very clean and worked great.
1	VERY poor customer service. Waited almost a month for a trailer hitch. I called to ask if the part was in and they told me an appointment had already been made (without my knowledge) at 7:00 am. I showed up for the "appointment" that had been made and was told the part still wasn't in. Took two more weeks and I personally called AGAIN to check the status of the part and it was finally in, but nobody failed to call me and notify me after I was told the first time, THEY would call me to let me know when it was in so that I could make an appointment for installation. Very frustrating, I should I have taken my friend's advice as to not go there.
4	I am updating my recent review.  The man who fixed our hitch lights was the best.  He was kind, respectful and just a great person to deal with. I wish I knew his name! If you want to know, write me a private message and I will give you the description of him.  We dealt with several people at this location and HE was the one that got things done for us....and he fixed the problem without costing us a cent....the right thing.  Thank you. After 4 visits to get this problem resolved....FINALLY...someone who knew what they were doing.  Thank you thank you mister, I wish I knew your name
