5	It was a quick trip to check my daughter after an accident at home, it was a very fast ER to DR visit and the entire trip was less than one hour. People were friendly and everything was explained in detail. It was very clean and they have a very nice setup for a new hospital. If you have ever been to Banner Gateway its almost the very same layout. In the future I would not mind taking a trip back here but I am in no hurry if you know what I am saying. Its a great place to be near to your house a state of art facillity.
5	I had my daughter at this hospital about a year ago. The people that work there are great. They make you feel like you are a person not just a number like most places. They made sure everyone that came was comfortable. Room service has excellent food. I will highly recommend anyone that needs medical attention to go there!
5	Great staff, great hospital food from Cafe.Excellent staff that care about you and your well-being. Had to be admitted for a blood transfusion.  They made me feel comfortable and listened to my concerns.The facility is in great condition with high tech equipment.  The in-room camera robot thing threw me off at first, until the nurse explained to me that they use an off-site nurse adn doctor through a camera they checks on you daily (as well as assists in the event of a code-blue situation, for example)......  so if you have to be admitted, don't do anything indecent in your hospital room because an off-site nurse/doctor is watching at any given moment.....They have the best hospital food! Seriously.  Will go back to visit their cafe for lunch or dinner soon.  The Salmon dinner is awesome.  Cheescake was amazing.
5	Came here in the middle of the night fighting a kidney stone. The only negative I have is how long it took to get seen. I spent about 30 minutes to be seen, which is an eternity in the pain I was in. Outside of that, the staff was genuinely caring. I saw Dr Page and he was quite helpful in helping me understand what was going on and getting me medicated so I could start feeling better.
5	I Made  2:30 emergency room visit with extreme pain from a kidney stone last week.    I was fortunate to get in right-away and was able to get some medicine to relieve the horrible pain. The staff  and doctor was very polite and professional. The facility is clean, nice and modern.I was treated quickly and released in a short period of time so I could go home and get some rest. I hope that I don't have to go back anytime soon, but thanks Banner for nice treatment!
5	My review is STRICTLY for the doctor who saw us in the ER.Dr. Abeer Duggal Pa was one of the most open doctors my boyfriend and I have encountered. We have recently moved into the area from out of state and are still trying to find primary physicians. When my boyfriend started getting burning headaches we were very concerned and wanted someone to see him right away, but most doctors in the area have a 6-8 week waiting period for new patients. This is what brought us to the ER today. We wanted to see if we could get some answers sooner. We believe strongly in allowing the body to heal naturally as often as possible. If you give your body the right vitamins and the proper care you are much less likely to require western medical procedures. Dr. Abeer Duggal Pa understood our views and did not belittle or laugh at us like the bald male RN who took my boyfriend's temperature did. My boyfriend and I are not hippies who are out to bring down the pharmaceutical industry or anything crazy. We just do everything we can to avoid things that are toxic to the body, like CAT scans, preservatives, and hidden unnecessary ingredients in medications and foods. Dr. Duggal Pa understood this with us and did not try to sway us and explained things that he thought we may find beneficial. I really appreciated that with this doctor and wish there were more understanding and open doctors like him.
5	A few years spent about 10 days and was well taken care of!
4	Pleasant. Love working out here. The View is fantastic, people are friendly and there's done great places to eat out here.
5	Sat morning I had to rush to the ER because of chest pains. From my assessment, I believe I was having a heart attack. The staff in the ER were very professional and quick to respond. Within seconds I was taken and hooked up. Thank God it wasn't a heart attack, but they were very thorough. Carlos - the ultrasound tech that checked my kidney and gallbladder was great to work with. He keeps it lite and humorous.
2	I really want to like this hospital but the staff makes it impossible for me to do so. As I've stated in previous reviews, this hospital is beautiful, one might even call it breathtaking. However, customer service and bedside manner are severely sub par. I had the pleasure of delivering my first baby at this hospital on 11/09/14. I stayed 2 days. My delivery nurse Melissa was incredible. And Leilani was the most professional, understanding nurse I've ever had the pleasure of meeting. But during my stay a nurse or "tech" named Emilia was rude and even judgmental. She went as far as telling me to get out of bed, stop whining and that I'm not going to have someone with me "24/7" to hear my complaints when I get home. This was less than 48 hours after giving birth for the first time. Sorry I was in pain. Emilia shouldn't be allowed to deal with patients that are in pain and battling baby blues and possible PPD. Also, I was there for 2 days and the nurses switched shifts about every 12 hours but my linens and trash were both changed only once. I actually started disinfecting my own room. That's a shame. Every time I come here, it just gets worse in the customer service area.
1	Go in around midnight, with My gf not feeling good . They admitted her in and had her lay in the bed for a few hours. Nurse did some light vitals.  Then waited again and the female dr came in asked some questions took urine samples and flashed the light in her mouth. Waited a while longer .they gave her pain meds and prescribed her antibiotics for strep. Never testing her for strep.so they sent her home feeling the same. Next day she felt worst so we took her elsewhere. And come to find out she had a bad uti..yet she was treated for strep.????? After taking urine samples, you wouldve figure they would find something.. Dr didn't seem too confident as she walked away . So I was left uneasy . Also I was able to hear every conversation around me.personal and confidential. (Lack of privacy)... never going there again and would not recommend to anyone. Drive the extra mile for better peace of mind.
