4	I have been to both the downtown and the South Side McCormick & Schmick's several times. They rarely disappoint. Their menu is quite extensive, changed daily to reflect seasonal fish and ingredients. I always choose something interesting from their cocktail menu, as they have a scratch bar with fresh ingredients.McCormick's has some very good soups and several salads to choose from, although they cost extra to add to your entree. I will admit that many of their appetizers don't tickle my fancy. I do, however, love the crab dip. It is great for sharing. If you like oysters, they have over 5 varieties available on the half shell. Their mussels are also excellent. If you are there for lunch, they have over ten entrees for under $10, which is a pretty good deal. My favorite dinner entree is the Salmon stuffed with crab, shrimp, and brie. The serving size is rather small, but the taste is wonderful! They also have an extensive wine list and delicious dessert menu. Try the chocolate bag with passion fruit mousse and fresh berries. It's divine!
5	I had a great experience here the other night.  We were in town and feeling a bit under the weather.  We decided on this place, but I was hesitant due to it being a chain.  I wanted a real Pittsburgh place.We get to the restaurant just before our reservation and are seated in moments.  The hostess was very nice.  The waitress came along in a very timely manner and was also as nice as can be.  Everything got off to a great start.I ordered the Steelhead (It's Alaskan, but sounded Pittsburgh), a bowl of New England Chowder and a beer.  The chowder was delicious.  Creamy, meaty and oh so good.  The steelhead was absolutely wonderful.  Tender, moist, delicious.  It came with spinach that was also very good, not overdone or over buttered.We found we were very full and didn't go for dessert, although I did take an Irish coffee.  Very good in place of a dessert.Don't skip this place if you are in the area.
5	This review is strictly based on the happy hour offered in the bar section of McCormick & Schmicks. Coming from the Chicagoland area I was excited to find a McCormick & Schmicks in downtown Pittsburgh. There happy hour menu is like no other restaurant or bar. Mainly, the best deal on the menu is the $2.95 cheeseburger. They also offer great drink specials as well as other food specials.On this specific visit I was able to enjoy two locally brewed beers, a cheeseburger, and pierogies all for $13. You really cannot beat the prices to enjoy such high-quality food; especially when the happy hour is offered Monday-Saturday!
4	After perusing the menus listed on the McCormick & Schmicks website I found they have fantastic happy hour specials. A friend and I stopped in and had the 1/2 lb burger and fries for $2.95!!!! The burger was big, juicey, well cooked, and unbeatably priced. We also had an order of the wings, they were so so. Two beers (one of which was a $7 Sierra Nevada), two burgers and and order of wings set us back $20. I highly recomend stopping in sometime for a quick after work meal.
3	Grumpy waitress tonight.  Have been to the restaurant in other cities i.e. Cincinnati and DC and get much better service on a regular basis.  I ordered the "pick 3" and chose the Swordfish, Crab Cake and Jumbo Shrimp Scampi.  The 1st 2 items were very good.  The 3 Jumbo Shrimp Scampi were only Jumbo if you compared them to the clam in the clam chowder (which was decent).  A little pricey at $28.95.  The mashed potatoes were really yams.  I guess they ran out of regular potatoes.  I am a M&S Preferred member and had to ask for the free "small appertizer" at the end of my meal.  The waitress said "no one brought to you?".  Considering that no one else even came to my table....what a stupid comment!  The ironic part is that Shrimp was bigger than the ones with my meal.
3	Food is good, portion size is good, several good options for appetizers, main course and dessert, but can be pretty pricey.
4	Had a great pre-show dinner with my mom at M&S on Sunday night.  It is one of only a few places open downtown on Sunday for a nice dinner before a show.  Made a res on OpenTable.  We had drinks, dinner, and shared a dessert.  I feel that it was quite overpriced for the sizes of the entrees (sea scallops and the seafood trio) and drinks (wine & a martini)...otherwise I would have given 5-stars.  My mom's entree was barely lukewarm...a bit cold even, and we had to send it back...although we dread doing that.  Mine was great though and so was our choc cake/rasp sauce.  Our waiter was very attentive and humored my sometimes overbearing mother.  Thanks for a nice evening out.
5	The service was great, the food was great, AND when i forgot my receipt for an expense report they had it emailed to me!
4	I love to eat in the bar area during lunch.
5	Happy birthday to me!My family took me here tonight for my birthday and it was a delight.  The atmosphere was luxurious and lovely, especially when our server graciously moved us away from the kitchen and to a quieter table.  The food was rich but wonderful.  Highlights:- Fried calamari was crunchy and flavorful and included a variety of surprise vegetables as well.  Perfect for a family game of "guess what it is before you bite into it" (bok choy turned out to be artichoke, carrot was sweet potato)- My scallops were divine, perfectly cooked with a rich butter sauce and unusual, tasty potato hash.- My mom was tickled by the size of her flounder dish ("I have TWO fillets!") and the butternut squash orzo that accompanied it just melted in your mouth.  - My eighteen year old brother announced he would try fish and chips for the first time, and is now worried that the dense Yuengling batter and tasty, flaky fish has ruined him for "regular" f&c.  - Seared tuna and stuffed shrimp, also lovely.Tim was the PERFECT server from start to finish.  He made my birthday really special.  Thanks Tim and McCormick & Schmick's!
5	Never had a bad meal here yet.  Try the lobster bisque, it is fantastic!!
3	Went there for a business lunch.  Was typical. Nothing special
2	I joined my wife for lunch yesterday at the downtown Pittsburgh location and ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.     For $19.95 the Lobster Cobb Salad was nothing short of a major disappointment.   For starters, the presentation was a monstrosity.  It looked more like a Jell-O mold one would see sitting on a picnic table underneath a pavilion, during a 1980's family reunion versus a pricey lobster salad in a respectable restaurant.  Had the server not said what she was handing me I would have had no clue.   After I toppled over my cylinder of "salad", I discovered a base of shredded/chopped iceberg lettuce.  I can somewhat understand using only iceberg lettuce in a cobb salad, but must say I was a little surprised.  My surprise quickly turned into disillusionment with regards to the quality of the lettuce; it just might have been borrowed from the Subway sandwich shop next door.  Used as filler for a $5 Footlong fine, used as the base of a $19.95 salad, not fine.   The entire production had clearly been premade and kept in a refrigerated area for some time.  The lettuce was soggy and extremely cold.  It wasn't cool, but cold to the point it felt as though it was pulled out just prior to freezing.  The salts from the bacon, blue cheese and dressing broke the lettuce completely down, giving it an watery leftover taste and consistency.  I could easily envision myself eating this straight out of a Tupperware container.   The avocado was discolored and turning brown, another indication it had been premade and stored.  I understand avocado can quickly discolor, but this sure didn't give me the feeling I was eating anything freshly prepared or of anything of quality.   At one point I bit into something that was inedible.  I thought perhaps it was a tiny piece of shell from the lobster, turns out it was a piece of bacon that must have been dislodged from the bottom of the fry pan with force as to not waste any product.  It was burnt and had the consistency of bone, not a pleasant bite to say the least.   As for the lobster, it was really difficult to tell if it was any good or not.  Again the entire dish was so cold and sloppy, I could have just as easily have been shoveling it into my mouth with a plastic spoon straight out of Ziploc bag over top of my kitchen sink at midnight.   In the past, I thought McCormick was a great establishment and for a brief time suffered from some quality issues that were resolved.  I am sad to say it appears as those quality issues have resurfaced.  It will be a while before I dine at McCormick again and am extremely disappointed that I passed up so many quality local establishments to eat at a place that is clearly more worried about cutting costs and customer volume versus food quality.
3	Landry's recently bought them out and I have noticed a change (not for the better).  No valet parking validations, no amuse if you are a preferred member, increased prices on steaks, smaller portions (didn't have room to shrink) on the combination dinners.  This seems to be going on around the country too.  I quit going to the here since they killed valet parking.  With the construction you can't park nearby when there is a show going on.  Service is very spotty.  Lunch-time prices were raised.  I booked a table on opentable and then sat in the bar to watch a ballgame and they cancelled my opentable to save paying them
4	I ate here the other night for dinner with a dining companion.  I had been here before numerous times for both lunches and happy hours but have never actually been for dinner.  Since I arrived a bit earlier than my dining companion I started out the evening in the bar.  It was during happy hour and so incredibly busy.  If you have never been there before for happy hour it is worth noting that they have one of the better ones around.  When you buy a drink, you can also order a number of different appetizers/bar food for under $6 and including a $4 cheeseburger and $3 hummus.For dinner my dining companion and I decided to start off our meals by splitting the calamari.  It was cooked perfectly with the breading being crispy and the squid not overly chewy which paired perfectly with both the lemon aioli and spicy marinara.  Even though my companion does not normally eat squid, she and I both quickly polished off this dish.  Next up was a bowl of clam chowder.  The actual size of the bowl was surprisingly large and the creaminess of the soup was sublime.  I especially enjoyed dipping the sourdough bread that was brought out prior to our meal into it to put a touch of tartness with the savory creaminess.  Overall I was really impressed with both of my starters and was enjoying myself.  After our appetizers were finished our entrees came out.  I had ordered the fish and chips which was served with cole slaw, ketchup and a cocktail sauce on the side.  The fish came out at a perfect temperature, hot enough to make it pleasurable but not hot enough to burn your mouth.  Sadly the lack of taste for a beer battered fish was disappointing and I ended up asking the waitress for a malt vinegar.  I preceded to use on not only the fish and but the fries as well which were sans the Chesapeake seasoning (Old Bay) promised by the menu.  The cole slaw also seemed to lack any distinguishing flavor and I ended up leaving it on my plate barely touched.  The whole entree was quite a disappointment after such a promising start to the meal.  For dessert, my dining companion and I decided to split the creme brulee.  It came with the normal caramelized sugar and also a few assorted berries on top.  It wasn't anything spectacular or different than your average creme brulee but I enjoyed it all the same as creme brulee happens to be my favorite dessert.The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  I was impressed by both the appetizers and dessert here and would be happy if they could only get the taste of the entree up to par.
3	Above average for M & S. chain,good seafood,but pricey. Other PGH restaurants that serve good seafood at the same price range that are not chains, so visit them instead.
4	I went there for happy hour on 11/19/12 with a coworker to celebrate our promotions. The service was outstanding! I forget the server's name now but she was just great. All of the patrons were well taken care of by the service staff. I got 2 rum & cokes sweet potato fries and fish tacos. My coworker got a burger and 2 rum & cokes as well. She loved her burger and said it as tasty. The sauce that came with the fries was amazing. Her and I typically mix BBQ sauce with ranch when we order sweet potato fries but this sauce that it comes with was delicious! The dinning area ambiance was dark and quiet. The bar area was typical of a high priced, restaurant's bar. Dark and semi-quiet. I definitely recommend them for happy hour and I'm anxious to try them from dinner.
4	I was downtown for the Ron White concert and happen to try this spot out! It had the best coconut shrimp appetizer! Also got the scallop dinner and they were phenomenal! Bit pricy but I highly recommend trying it. If your looking for a cocktail I loved the Cucumber Mint Martini very fresh and tasty :)
2	My wife and I went to the SOUTH SIDE location last night looking forward to the Wednesday Happy Hour special of $1 oysters.  We got there at 6, went in and grabbed 2 seats at the bar.  The bar was reasonably busy but the restaurant was dead.  The bartender immediately came over offering drinks.  We ordered 2 draft beers and asked about the Happy Hour menu.  She acted almost turned off when she realized we were only there for HH.  We ordered Bruschetta for $2.95, Mussels for $4.95 and a plate of 10 oysters- 5 Blue Points and 5 Choptank.  The food came out nice & quick and we were set.  The Blue Points were big, meaty, sweet & delicious.  The Choptanks were small but still tasty.  The Bruschetta was a bit confusing with diced tomatoes mixed in with halved cherry tomatoes.  It proved a feat just to keep it on the baguette slices.  The Mussels were more of a 'small plate' than a full order and they were boring and bland- cooked in butter & garlic.  With all the better restaurants going to fancier more complex tasting but just as simple dishes- we were not impressed.         Noticing my beer was empty, the batender offered another.  She was quick to offer drinks at the bar... but as we looked around we noticed just about every other table in the bar area loaded with empty glasses and patrons all seeming like they were ready for more.  There was a stretch of about 20 minutes where not a single server came around to check on those tables.  Thank god we got seats at the bar.  We couldn't tell if it was the bartender's job to wait those tables or not, but we couldn't tell who was responsible for this area and it was definitely neglected.  Our plates were empty but the Blue Points were so good I was going to order 10 more- when I find good seafood I usually go for seconds...  But 10 minutes go by and our empty plates are still in front of us, I decided to just interrupt the bartender and pay our 'passage'.  We would go back... but we learned our lesson- get seats at the bar, order drinks and all the oysters we're going to eat, then leave.  Don't expect good service, cause you're not going to find it here at the bar.  D&K
2	Went there Friday night. Restaurant side wasn't very busy. Service was terrible. Our waiter had to be asked to remove the extra place settings since there were only two of us dining. We ordered drinks and had to call him back to order an appetizer. Once our glasses were empty a manager took them away.We get bread and no bread plates or silverware (it was taken along with our appetizer plates). Food was only OK, nothing memoriable. We got the three layer carrot cake to take home and there were only two extremely dry layers with no flavor. Skip it! Bill was $100 without the tip and it was not worth it. We won't go back.
4	Love this place!!!The bar is great and I don't think I have ever had a bad meal or bad service.  Knocks...pricey (but it is city dining) and MORE risotto!!!  You guys have the BEST risotto but too scarcely on the menu!
4	Didn't like the waiting initially. That is, AFTER taking an appointment!BUT THENLove the grilled fish here!Great place, great ambience.
4	Happy hour is great for food. I'd be back during happy hour. The service was good.
5	Best happy hour - great selection of food and drinks. Recommend the firecracker shrimp. Get there a little earlier as it gets packed fast.
2	Only one question I have. Why do they require the women servers dress like men? Can't they find a classy, professional, yet feminine look for them to wear? Not very appealing, nor does it do much for there ego either i'm sure. Our party wouldof probably stayed  for a couple more "after dinner" cocktails if my waitress was actually dressed in something that resembled her as a "woman" more than a man. By no means does that mean sexy OR suggestive in any way, just give them something to wear that shows them to be a women , not some sort of "shemale".
4	Ate here with a party of three right before Wicked at the Benedum. We chose the chef's fixed price menu which was a good deal.   The jumbo lump crab tower was disappointing and the mango just clashed with the dish.  Ruth's Chris and other restaurants do better with their crabtini style apps.The clam chowder was good. The salmon over pasta had a nice piece of grilled fish, perfectly cooked, over orzo with spinach and asparagus. The creme brulee was good, if not just a little sweet. Other dishes were as successful like the beef medallions with shrimp and the nut crusted tilapia. The service was great.   The drinks were fine but expensive. Overall it was a fine meal, but it was pricey for what we got. If value was a little better, I'd give it 5 stars. Recommended.
4	This was my first time at this location, while in Pittsburgh on business.   I dined here on a Monday night.  The restaurant was kinda empty, with just a few diners.   I was seated immediately.  I order from the fixed menu which includes salad or soup, entree and dessert.   I received fresh bread and butter while I waited for my salad.   I had ordered the house salad which included cranberries, walnuts, bleu cheese and spring greens in balsamic dressing.  Nicely portioned and very good.  For my entree, I ordered the beef medallions and shrimp scampi with mashed potatoes and broccoli.  The medallions and scampi were cooked perfectly.  The potatoes were flavorful and the broccoli was also cooked just right, not at all mushy.    I opted for the creme brulee with raspberries, which was also very good.   The fixed menu was a great deal at $26.   I would definitely return.
5	March 8, 2014. Found ourselves on the South Side. Reservations a must for this bustling fabulous place. I ate here a number of years ago but don't recall what I ate at the time. We arrived early & was happy to find two seats at the bar until they were ready for us. Ordered two prosecco sangria's. Made fresh with a lovely amount of fresh fruit & cucumber. Tasty & delicious. Although be prepared to pay dearly for this drink. Well worth it for me. After such a cold long winter a fresh summer like drink made me happy! Calamari was our appetizer of choice. Lightly battered piping hot & served with two sides. Tender & delicious! I ordered the Idaho Rainbow Trout, grilled. Hands down my all time favorite fish. I was looking forward to this since I've not had trout in some time. Not disappointed! Two beautifully seasoned grilled filets came out on a bed of mashed potatoes & fresh green beans. I proceeded to make a happy plate! My friend ordered the shrimp mac-n-cheese with andouille sausage. This came out creamy cheesy & hot with a perfect mix of gooey yummy cheeses. Andouille sausage has a nice zippy heat to it as well. She made a happy plate too! Much to the amusement & possible shock of our waiter Alex. We assumed most people can't finish it & take most home. Speaking of our waiter Alex. He couldn't have been anymore attentive or jovial. Very knowledgable about the menu. Joked & teased us. We never felt neglected or lacking anything. He was fantastic & we left him a nice tip for a job well done! We both agreed the price versus quality of food & service was by far worth every penny. We happily paid our bill with no regrets! All in all a most pleasant night out! There is a large selection of desserts. We ate so hardily  we didn't have room. But they looked very good & I know I'll regret not trying at least one!Oh! Bonus! There are two parking garages within a walk from this place. No excuse not to try it out!
4	This review is for the bar side / happy hour. We have ventured here twice for their (awesome) happy hour. The first time my entire office stopped in on a Friday. It was extremely busy and packed in the bar area.. can you blame anyone? TGIF right? The food and drinks took a little while to be served.. well over a half hour.. but like I said it was extremely busy and I had a feeling our server was new. If you want to experience McCormick & Schmick's happy hour, I'd suggest it not being on a Friday.Bobby and I stopped in yesterday to enjoy happy hour (a Wednesday) It wasn't crowded at all and we enjoyed ourselves. I wish I had taken a picture of the happy hour menu. It's ordered by price ($3.99, $4.99, ect) & everything is under $6 or $7. There are a few options for each price category. They have nice options too! The drink menu is similar. During my first trip, I ordered a margarita. Last night, I had a glass of Chardonnay & Bobby enjoyed a glass of Merlot. Don't judge us, we know it was "bottom-shelf" wine for the price that we paid, but we enjoyed it, haha! Last night, I ordered the burger & fries ($3.99!) I enjoyed my meal and bobby enjoyed his calamari. You're missing out if you've never experienced their happy hour! It's from 5-7pm M-F
4	Went to McCormick and Schmick's on Friday March 21st.  We had a reservation for 9:00 PM.  It was father/daughter night and my "date" was my 13 year old daughter.  The restaurant was her pick and I have always heard good things about McCormick and Schmick's so off we went.  We were seated immediately upon arriving at 8:58 PM and the wait staff was quick and attentive.  The restaurant (like downtown Pittsburgh on a Friday night) was not very busy but that was ok because it made for a relaxing dinner.  We started with a couple of appetizers; a sashimi plate for me and lobster bites for my daughter.  The sashimi was served on a rectangular plate and presented very artfully.  It was a combination of salmon and some kind of whitefish and the temperature was very cold...this is a good thing, I am wary of sashimi if it's even CLOSE to room temperature.  I enjoyed it a great deal.  The lobster bites were apparently tail meat morsels dredged in a tempura batter so as not to extinguish the flavor of the lobster and served cleverly in the empty tail shell.  They were, according to my daughter, very good.  We continued with a bowl of lobster bisque for her and a wedge salad for me.  The lobster bisque was the richest one I have ever tasted.  Good, but rich.  My daughter ate some and saved the rest for take home.  My salad was simple, cold and delicious.  For entrees we had linguini alfredo with grilled chicken for her and a grilled cobia with forbidden rice for me.  The alfredo was perfect and the chicken grilled perfectly as well, my daughter enjoyed it and took home leftovers.  My cobia was grilled to perfection as well and served with, like I said, forbidden rice which is a black colored rice (its natural color) but doesn't taste unusual.  It has a bit more tooth to it than regular white or brown rice but was a great contrast to the fish.  All in all it was a very nice meal.  The missing star is because my daughter had intended on getting a lobster or king crab dinner and those weren't available.  I would go back but for me this is a once every 4-6 month restaurant and not a once a month place.  Not because of price but the food is not mind-blowing just really good.  Thanks for a nice dinner McC and S!
3	McCormick and Schmick's is located in a great location downtown, has a great-looking bar that would be perfect for happy hour after work and the mandatory 'steakhouse' feel inside with big booths and white cloth tables.Service was good, if a little aggressive on the upsell side. She said she was new.  She didn't know the menu as well as she should, but I'm sure she'll learn it. We found her very entertaining, so it made up for any inexperience on her part. I think the food overall was, 'meh I've had better." Got the cobia with forbidden rice.'I found the fish to be rather bland and the rice overly sweet.   The presentation could've been better, too.  I'm giving mcCormick and Schmicks three stars, which is higher than the review would indicate, only because I've not eaten there before and the space is cool and the location is good.  But caveat emptor.
2	I made dinner reservations for this past Saturday to be assured a table as most other places I checked out were already booked for a pre-show dinner. I have also had this place recommended to me by friends and co-workers. When I arrived after my husband, the entrance staff were very cordial and welcoming. They took me back to the table quickly. One problem is that the inside was very dark. I know they were trying for intimate, but with the dark walls and dark carpeting, it was more cave-like than intimate. I had a hard time trying not to bump into anything on the way back to the table. When I got there, there was only a small candle in the center of the table for illumination. Our waiter, Harley, was nice enough, but he was heavy on the upsell of everything. It wasn't overly busy as there were empty tables when we got there, but it took a while for my drink from the bar to arrive. I kept getting assured that it was coming. When he brought it over, we placed our dinner order. My husband ordered the Maryland Crab Soup as a starter with the promises of something similar to the she-crab soup from the part of Virginia where he grew up. What he got tasted like Campbell's vegetable soup with crab put in just before serving. I could even smell the familiar scent of the veggie soup. The shrimp cocktail had exactly 6 shrimp for like $15 dollars. The number was not on the menu, so it was not worth the charge. As our entrees, I ordered the 6oz filet mignon with a side of Gruyere and bacon mashed potato. I was not told that the filet had come with a side of broccoli or I might not have ordered the mash. The broccoli was not quite steamed enough as the middle of the stems were still quite hard. There is crunchy and then there is uncooked. The filet was seasoned pretty well and was cooked to order. My husband ordered the Yuengling fish and chips. The "chips" in this case were on the menu as Chesapeake fries. The anticipation was Old Bay seasoning on the fries, at least. We think the seasoning was Penzey's Seafood seasoning, which was okay, but not enough to be called Chesapeake. The fish was simple cod in a beer batter. Not really worth the $19 sticker price.There was a gentleman in a suit traversing the room asking this table and that how things were going. He passed by our table three or four times and never once spoke to us.One good thing was that they got us out of there in time to get to the theater for our show. Although others may have had a nice experience here, we really did not and will not recommend this restaurant to our out-of-town friends.
3	Love the Wednesday Dollar shrimp and oysters. Too bad the size of the shrimp has majorly shrunk. Cedar plank salmon was very good. It was on the summer menu.  Service is hit or miss. I sat in the bar tonight and had to go to the manager to get served.  Portions are not large but acceptable. Tonight is national cheesecake night so its on the house.  I like watching ballgames in the relaxed environment.  Tonight is surprisingly loud.
4	I have been here a few times mainly for lunch meetings and although, I am not a big seafood fan they do have other things on the menu you can order such as a turkey sandwich, different salads, steak, and a cheeseburger. I actually got the traditional fish n chips and they were pretty good. They served me 4 decent sized pieces of fish mixed in with an order of fries. I wish they gave you more fries, but overall it was pretty good and something I would get again. The fish was crispy on the outside and beautifully cooked on the inside. It was served with a side of spicy tartar sauce which I enjoyed. The service was good too. We had a party of 6 and they had two servers constantly refilling our drinks and checking in on us. I do think every meal is a few bucks overpriced. My fish n chips were $15.99 and $5.99 for a small cup of soup off the lunch menu. I don't mind paying for a good meal but, for the prices I would like more portions. I think their dinner menu is even more expensive. Inside they have a nice restaurant with a large dining room for seating. Good place to go!!
3	Very average-seafood was cold and not highest quality-for this price it should be great-and our server was goofy-and chauvanistic
2	The fish was overcooked.  The ice cream tasted like it had been in the freezer for a year.  And it was overpriced.  The extra star is for the friendly staff.  The waitress tried to sell us some kind of in-house credit card package to eat at other chains owned by the company.  That's not her fault, but it's annoying.  It's like having to watch an hour of commercials after paying for the movie in the theater.  Commercials everywhere.  Can we just eat without commercials?  This food should not cost any more than your standard Applebee's or TGIFridays, because that's about the quality you're getting.  You cannot mass produce quality, and this place proved it.  Go to a local fine dining establishment with a chef who is not cooking by numbers if you want to spend this kind of money.
5	Amazing food and service! Made a reservation online and was able to seat us 10 minutes earlier than scheduled time in a cozy table tucked away from the majority of the diners for a romantic dinner for two. Grilled swordfish and cashew crusted tilapia were amazing. The chocolate box was a very decadent finish to our meal!
5	Happy Thanksgiving Yelp Nation! As a transplant from a small town roughly 200 miles west of the 'Burgh it is a treat when I get to see my family. This year, due to work I had the actual holiday off, but no time for travel. My wonderful family decided to make the 4 hour drive in the snow and holiday traffic to come see their beloved baby boy. As a dedicated bachelor my apartment is suited to making spaghetti and meat balls and maybe a salad. Since this is no suitable Thanksgiving meal, we decided to book a table at McCormick & Schmick's. Truly this was a great decision.To start with the decor, as usual (creature of habit), one automatically knows what one is in for. The place is full of lots of wood paneling, art-deco light fixtures, white tablecloths, and every other cliched trapping of a post industrialist restaurant. It conjured images of Ruth's Chris, Morton's or Capital Grill. Expensive and pretentious. However I am secretly 73 years old at heart so I kind of like it. At least it is consistent.The service, which can at times mirror the decor in the high end steakhouse world, was actually quite pleasant. Our waiter, Peter, was very friendly and pleasant without being overbearing. This is a stark contrast to the last time I ate in a restaurant in the same style. Unlike that trip to the Capital Grill, which was me and my family suffering through some of the most condescending service I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing, Peter was warm and inviting and treated us like family. When I open my own restaurant I am cloning him about 20 times and calling it a day.The main reason anyone goes to M&S, and any restaurant really,  is the food. I had a very memorable Thanksgiving dinner. Everything was amazing. We started with the Shrimp Kisses and the Coast to Coast Tuna. Both were wow dishes for me. The shrimp were lightly fried, stuffed with a pepperjack cheese (which was not overly spicy so big plus there) and wrapped with bacon, because bacon. The Tuna definitely had an Asian flavor profile and was comprised of very good seared tuna and a tuna tartar.I followed the appetizers with an Iceberg Wedge Salad and some oysters. The salad was good, but nothing unique; think the same obligatory wedge salad you find in every steakhouse in America. The oysters were fantastic as well; fresh succulent and just the perfect bite of the ocean.For dinner I had a grilled swordfish with asparagus, a butternut squash cous cous and a citrus salad on top. I cant even begin to put into words how awesome this dish was, so I'm not going to even try. Just take my lack of word for it.For dessert, I ended with a chocolate and mocha cheesecake that was a special offering for the day. It was amazing. It was rich and sweet and had just the right balance of crunch in the Oreo crust. The thing I liked the best about it though was the dusting of cinnamon and coco powder put on the plate, obviously as a garnish. However, I had the bright idea to put the garnish on the cake and it gave it a pleasant spicy kick that set the dessert over the top.To wrap up I like McCormick & Schmick's. Expect to pay top dollar (our bill was pushing $250 and we weren't drinking either) but I feel it was well worth it. The food was amazing, the decor, while a little stuffy, was exactly what I expected, but the star was the service. It is so easy to get caught up in yourself working for a high end restaurant, however our particular server, Peter was absolutely fantastic. I would go back just for him. And the cheesecake. And swordfish. And i need to stop myself before this gets even gushier.
3	Only went for a drink.  Sunday early evening, place was pretty empty.  I sat at the bar and the waitress/bartender was very pleasant.  I love the PUB feel of this place.(only speaking of the bar area)  It is Pub-like, but Upscale Pub.Just about every liquor you could want for a drink, large selection of wine and prices were normal for downtown.  I took a look at the menu and would come back here when I had more time to try some entrees.
4	They have a great happy hour special. Cheapish drinks (well, mixed and some beer), and discounted apps.We had the shrimp app, the fish tacos, the ahi bites, and the hummus. We really liked the shrimp and tacos, but the hummus and ahi were a miss. The hummus came with fried pita that was burnt and soaking wet with oil, and the ahi was... well just terrible (fishy, overcooked, gross). The tacos could have used some spice, but the shrimp was great.I would go back. Other menu items looked really good too.
1	Negative stars need to exist for establishments like this.I have contacted the better business bureau about this location, as well as their corporate offices. Alerted them to their accusing us of walking out on our checks when we did not, then charging our card the wrong amount. All this after a four hour miserable wait and experience. I have also reported the manager Dan who has handled this so atrociously that it's astounding he has a job at all. Please: do not eat here or support this business. I venture to guess they will be closed soon anyway; especially after the business bureau begins investigating them.
3	The food: fine but not amazing. The calamari was lightly breaded, giving it a subtle flavor and crunchy texture. My almond crusted trout was buttery and just barely underseasoned. The accompanying orzo was dry but tasty. My girlfriend's fish and chips were too salty -- we couldn't finish the fish.The service: our waitress was nice and checked in frequently, but the food took a long time. The ambiance: quiet, peaceful, about what you'd expect of a McCormick and Schmick's.Overall, a decent dining experience, but I wouldn't go back if I were to revisit Pittsburgh.
4	Come to McCormick's for happy hour, which is one of the best in the area for happy hour specials. Prices did go up, which was disappointing. Drink specials could be a little cheaper/variety. I always get the burger for $5 (used to be $4) It's always good. Simple and tasty, great for $5. Comes with fries too. The other food on the happy hour bar menu is alright, nothing to rave about except cheaper prices. I always stick to happy hour here and go elsewhere for dinner. Oh- no more valet parking
