2	Last night we went to Gabio's Pizzeria, located south of the Blockbuster video, on the 64th street side, of the Safeway center on Greenway in Kierland.  We've been following Gabio on Twitter and thought it was time to check-out this place once and for all.This very clean, counter style, pizza joint appears a year-or-so old and rather narrow.  A single row of seating runs down one side of the restaurant, while the kitchen is on the other.  There is only a partial wall separating the two, so you can hear everything that goes-on, and is talked about in the kitchen, while you wait for your food.We have lived in Chicago and wanted our kids to try a slice of deep-dish pizza.  We ordered a single slice, then ordered a whole new-york crust pizza.  Upon sitting down at one of the booths, we then decided to order a combination appetizer of fried mushrooms, chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks.Service was friendly and helpful (at first), and there were two televisions visible from the seating area, and one visible from the ordering counter.  Two played a baseball game, while the other played America's Funniest Home Videos...it's not the best to be eating and watching videos of weird things happening in bathrooms at the same time...I question the programming choice, for sure.The first food to arrive was the slice of deep-dish pizza that was clearly just re-heated in the oven.  I tried to cut the piece into smaller portions for the kids to try, but the crust was so-burned (see photos) that I had trouble getting my metal-knife through it.  When the employee came to ask how everything was, I showed him the burned crust, and he replied, "oh wow." and walked off.Next the fried combination appetizer arrived, and it was clear this was a mix of brands/preparations.  It's not clear whether all of the items were frozen, but it was obvious the mozzarella sticks were.  The chicken was fried very-hard and was only warm in the middle.  The mushrooms were similar to the chicken, and not very pleasant...the fry oil may have been too hot...The next to arrive was the pizza, which we all agreed was quite good.  The crust was simple and perfectly cooked.  They used red-onions which we enjoy, and the toppings tasted fresh.  Our kids ate the pizza quickly, even though it was very, very hot.So, in summary...a mixed-bag from Gabio's.  Clearly, pizza by the slice is not fresh and is carelessly reheated...I do not recommend it...truly awful stuff.  Further, this is a pizza joint, that seems to only do custom ordered pizza well...so don't navigate far from pizza on the menu.
3	I am from Chicago, and I have been looking for a good Chicago thin crust pizza in the Valley for the 10 years I've been here.   This one is pretty good.  Nice cracker crust, decent ingredients, the right sauce.  They are relatviely consistent.  Plus, their pastas are pretty good as well, especially the Baked Ziti.  They deliver and they're fast.  We order from them about once a month.
1	I ordered from this place and I didnt realize it till I got home but they didnt even give me my entire order.  When I called the owner was rude and hung up on me.  Then, I couldn't believe this but I found a hair in the pizza.  Don't eat here.  Not recommended.I am from Chicago too.
