3	They had a pre opening party for Trader Vic's at Planet Hollywood last week .Tikipug had this to say about the party.We ate like Kings. Lobster, shrimp, duck. It was awesome. They took us up to a banquet room in the hotel. They had hula dancers, mai tais, and free mugs. We got to meet Eve, Trader Vic's granddaughter and tour the unfinished restaurant.Executive chef Rick Giffen, previously at Mon Ami Gabi at Paris next door did the cooking. That's not your average Pu Pu platter.The three stars so far is based on their  the food and drinks. The decor one star. Maybe they should offer VR (visual reality ) helmets I love Trader Vic's where ever they may be including the Polynesio in Havanna (thats another story) but this is a Trader Vic's Lounge like the new one in Beverly Hill's..
4	We were walking down the strip and were greeted by trader Vic's inconic tiki face. Being a fan of the Beverly HIlton local (I should say, drinks!) we dragged our friend in for a little 5 o'clock pick me up. We sat at the bar and were surprised by the cool modern vibe they had going on - very different from the bev hills kitchsy 50's throwback style. Although I was a little put off at first, it grew on me.Turns out it was their opening night - lucky us. Drinks were good, although the menu was smaller with just the traditionals included. We did try the food though and was very happy - the tempura calamari was light and crunchy and the crab rangoons did not resemble the typical fried cream cheese that you usually get.The bar tenders were great (loved Kim - she was a doll) and very helpful. Drinks were beautiful and tasty - get the Honi Honi and notice the risque (ie: porn) going on around the glass. I guess if Vegas does Tiki, this is it.
3	It seems strange that a Polynesian stalwart like this would have mediocre drinks and GREAT food.  We ate there for Thursday lunch several weeks after it had opened.  The room was practically empty, but there were a few people sitting out on the patio.  It does have a modern vibe, but I'm not sure about the colored light strips in the ceiling.  Tres '70s.  The few styrofoam tikis out by the hostess stand were dented and dusty.  The bamboo flooring and room dividers are quite chic.We ordered a Tiki Bowl, some of their signature Spinach/Oyster Soup, Beef Skewers, "All In" Fried Rice and Pork Sliders with Onion Rings.  The Tiki Bowl was served quickly, maybe too quickly.  It was not in the traditional Tiki Bowl, but in a smaller menehune bowl.  The rum was evident, but the fruit juices seemed canned with little flavor other than sweet.  Next came a bread basket with two pretzel rolls and some lavosh.  The four spreads were good, especially the wasabi mayo.  Unfortunately the food took a long time coming, so we finished all the breads and they were not refilled.  The host even came around when he noticed that our drink was in the wrong bowl.  But instead of putting the half of our drink that we had not finished in the new Tiki Bowl, he whisked it away and left us the Tiki Bowl half full of a glacier of ice and maybe a tablespoon of rum.  We did not order another drink.The appetizers we had were delicious, the beef tender and the soup succulent.  Too bad my poor husband had to eat the soup with a teaspoon.  My fried rice was the best I've ever eaten.  I'm glad that I had enough to share with my husband, because his pork sliders were very tasty, but rather small for a main course.  He finished his meal with a coffee creme brulee served in a huge coffee cup.  I was also brought one, though I didn't order it and don't like anything coffee flavored.Would we go back.  Maybe.  I loved that Fried Rice, but from now on I'll stick to call liquor.
5	Ever since the Trader Vic's in Chicago shut down I have been salivating at the thought of the Las Vegas location opening up and serving me more AMAZING mai tais (and vodka mai tais!)This location does not dissapoint: the food was excellent (the steak with the onion rings is delicious and the fried rice was majorly impressive), drinks perfect, and service very good.  We sat out on the patio, which I highly recommend because you can see the Bellagio fountains while you eat.The bowl drinks are a great deal and very strong! Definetely don't miss this spot if you are visiting LV - you won't be sorry!
3	I have to state this review is just about drinks, decor and ambiance as I didnt eat here, but definitely will next time Im back in Vegas. If you have every been the the Beverly Hills location, then you know what Vic's is all about...unique and exotic drinks. And the Vegas location does not disappoint. The Mai Tai's are just as tasty. The location is beautifully designed inside...very lounge vibe. Yes, I know its not Polynesian decor, but its ok...its Vegas...and it works. And the outside patio dining and stand up area is great. You get a great place to eat or have a drink and watch the action on the Strip. I will definitely be back to eat here next time...for sure.
5	Damn, this place won't die! Did up here in Seattle but lives on down there. I guess we have too many umbrellas to want more in our drinks. The menu here is always a variation of the past, but not badly upgraded over the years. Like Queeque.....uh Starbucks, McDonalds, etc this place is a known quantity even if not overly exciting, and drinking here is as comfortable as an old pair Wellingtons from the sheep ranch. Baaaahhhhhhhh!
4	The decor inside is "contemporary tiki" (Does such a thing exist?) while the patio on the outside is just contemporary.  Drinks here are strong yet delicious.  As for the nibbles, I enjoyed the BBQ pork spareribs and the duck tacos very much.  However, I'd stay away from the chicken tenders.
4	Great location, but damn if it's not a trek to get there.Trader Vic's is inside Planet Hollywood, which used to be the Aladdin.  If you park in the hotel's parking garage, you have to walk through the wannabe forum shops, clear through the casino and finally to Trader Vic's.  The good news is it's worth the walk.  The signature drink the the Mai Tai, and it's damn tasty.  They were giving out two for one coupons, which is a good thing considering one Mai Tai set me back $10.  I also got a shot of Jaeger, which was a tough $8 to swallow.  The bar is spacious.  There's also an amazing outdoor dining area/deck.  It really is one of the best locations on the strip.  Right across from the Bellago.  Should be even nicer when City Center is finally done.I had the Caesar Salad.  It was good.  The croutons are clearly just for decoration, as they're hard as rocks.  It's also one of the cheaper items on the menu at $7.50.  Lots of seafood.  The place smelled like fish when I walked in.  I saw some items on the menu for up to 30 bucks.  Good place to take a date before you hit up a club.
2	The food is just "eh" here.  We weren't super hungry so we went with the lobster potstickers ($10 for 4), pork sliders ($10 for 3) and the miso glazed sea bass ($34).  It was all just ok.  There wasn't much flavor on the fish.We ordered the tiki bowl which consisted of rum, OJ and ice which was ok along with a planters punch and a mai tai (strong!).  The bill came to a little over a $100 but neither of us were very satisfied by the whole meal.  I prob will never eat here again with so many other options for Asianesque food in Vegas but this would be a great place to hang out and split a scorpion bowl in summer with a group.
2	this place was HORRIBLE! after waiting 10 minutes to even have a waiter come to our table, it took another 15 to actually get drinks. the drinks were really, really weak, by the way. we ordered the calamari  at the same time as our drinks, and didnt receive the calamari until we were already completely done with our meals. must admit, tho, the calamari was some of the better calamari I have ever had.there was some fun, live music and a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. other than those aspects (plus the calamari) i would definitely say DONT go here.
3	I went here for Valentine's Dinner. It wasn't so busy, it was my first time eating there since it opened. My meal was okay, and I'm usually open for trying new things but it wasn't my cup of tea. Service was good although every lady got a rose, and I didn't but they gave me and my guy a free desert, I kind of felt like they wanted us to keep low pro but whatever, maybe it's just me. I am still bitter about not getting a free rose.
3	Food is sub par, but the drinks and patio are perfect.  Even on a semi-chilly March afternoon, being outdoors and out of the casinos is a much needed change of pace.Four of us stopped in for an afternoon intermission that led to the remaining day and night's chaos.  If you don't want something too sweet, try the Honi Honi, a mix of bourbon and juices served in a cup illustrating some pretty interesting "positions".If you want front row people watching, grab a seat at the edge of the patio and you can watch "America" walk right by.
1	I went with a group of girlfriends for a nice, Saturday lunch and what a disappointment in the end. First of all, the drinks are fabulous. If you are going just for that, you're golden. But if you get the Tiki Bowl, make sure they don't cheap out and load it up with ice. The service was great right up until they screwed up half of our orders and took forEVER to correct the mistake. The waited was apologetic but it didn't matter - we were starving by the time everyone got their correct food items. And ultimately, only one star because the four of us who ordered hamburgers all ended up with FOOD POISONING. Just stay away would be my best advice here.
5	Great drinks and tasty grub.  Poke was refreshing and savory, Pork Sliders with taro chips were perfectly sweet and salty, Wasabi Bloody Mary was just the right amount of spicy, Mai Tai was awesome as usual.  Definitely going back next time I'm in town, hopefully for breakfast too.
4	When: Sunday early lunchWhat we ate: Malaysian Beef Satay, Coconut Chicken, and Maui BBQ Chicken SaladI drank: something ruhmbaHe drank: Mai Tai x 2Overall: Loved the beef satays!  The coconut chicken was okay - the sauce was the only thing that saved it.  We both liked our salads after confirming that it really was the BBQ chicken salad since it looked more like a waldorf caesar salad.  The BBQ Chicken isn't what you expect but tastes great and the serving of chicken is plentiful!The real question: Would I go back? Yes.
2	I spent a lot of time thinking about reviewing this place. I held off for a lot of personal reasons. 1 I used to work here. But being unbiased...There are a few things I'm bitter about but it's mainly with the owner. Most of my friends refuse to deal with Trader Vic's because of me. But overall....If you're on the strip it's easy to get to. But if you park in PH Valet...Not so bad. If you park in Miracle Mile Parking...It's like a Lord of the Rings quest. Ya if you don't know your way around - you can walk in circles. When you get there, the hostess stand is in front and you can't tell if it's a restaurant. When you walk in, it's a little more posh than most other TVs. Apps: I like the coconut chicken. I hate the prices. I like the Kahlua pork sliders....but it's not Kahlua pork. It's like pork in a sweet sauce. The food is not cheap. Believe me for the quality and size of portions - it sucks. Lobster Potstickers YUM. Satay is ok - I mean I've had authentic - so when I taste this stuff, it's just ok.Main courses: My faves are usually the chef specials. They had Ribeye once which was great. All in Fried Rice was good. Not worth 20 bucks but it's not bad. It's hard to say. I haven't been there since February - so I don't remember the food....so its kinda forgetable?Breakfast is good if they still serve it. The waffles yum. The stuffed french toast is amazing....Drinks: I developed the Wasabi Mary. So of course YUM. I also developed the Coconut Raspberry chocolate Frappe. YUMMai Tai is good if made right. Originally they use Fresh Lime Juice - this place uses lemon concentrate for some reason. You have to order it from scratch otherwise they use a Mai Tai syrup for speed. Most of the other drinks. Taste the same all citrusy. The bowls eh can be worth it usually they have 6-8 ounces of liquor in it. But its better between two people otherwise there's no point to getting a buzz. So definitely one up on the view. But it's true - this place is boring. They run out of liquor a lot. It's not FUN like it used to be. Eh...View one star, some drinks half star, some staff, half star.
5	I ended up coming here three times in a row while staying at Planet Hollywood next door.  The outside has a great view of the strip and a sometimes loud band.  I had drinks and late night munchies outside my first visit.  The duck tacos were really good.  I had breakfast the next day there but can't remember what I had but I remember the pommagranite juice was really good.   My third visit I had fish inside.  The inside seems a little more formal than the roof deck and more quiet.  It has very high ceilings and lots of light but a very pleasing elegance with a Hawain twist.United is serving entrees from Trader Vic's in first Class to and from Hawaii now to advertise the opening of their new restaurant in Las Vegas.  They also are making Mai Tai's to make that 4 to 9 hour flight more pleasent.  Bravo to United and Trader Vic's.I had the prawns both times and the polynesian dressing on my salad and the Mai Tai's were excellent too!
1	DO NOT EVERRRRR GO TO TRADER VIC'S. DON'T WORK THERE EITHER!my experience is not with their food, or their music. it's their owner, and their inability TO PAY THEIR EMPLOYEES . Doc Weiner is just that. he is a weiner. he likes to commission artists (like myself and 4 of my very closest friends) to do a huge amount of custom work on their facility and NOT PAY ANYONE. I know a bartender and several waitstaff who were delayed on being paid by OVER A MONTH.the bastard still owes me about 1300 dollars.
1	NO.That would be my answer if you asked me, "Should I eat at Trader Vic's?"1. Food is overpriced.2. Food is stupidly bad tasting.3. Wait staff is slug brained.4. Ambiance is lazy.5. Menu is pitiable.6. "Fusion" is completely overrated.7. Drink menu is enticing and drinks are okay, but still.THE FOOD SUCKS.What we ordered:POPCORN SHRIMP (8.50) - extremely shrimpy taste, weak batter, even weaker dipping sauce.MANGO CHILI BEEF (25.95) - beef was cut into little kibble-sized pieces and wasn't tender - tough and tendony, sauce was okay, but overall, not a good eating experience because the rice was not cooked.PINK PEPPERCORN CRUSTED AHI (26.95) - ahi was alright, but the accompanying sauce and crispy rice roll (aka super nasty rice eggroll) were disappointing at best. The crispy rice roll made me want to throw things. How can you tell me that this is something that people WANT to eat?!This place does not deserve even 1 star.
4	We have been here about 3 times now. The first time was during my trip here (before I moved) for Valentine's Day. We were shopping and just decided to try it out. We ended up ordering a bunch of apps and drinks, and all were very good. The bread they bring you has a bunch of dipping sauces, and we loved that they brought peanut butter. We had some strong and spicy grapefruit drink, some vodka drinks and then ended up sharing whatever giant bowl is meant for two. I know it had almond it in, and we love it. All of the drinks here are strong and delicious. We got some chicken satay which was good, but nothing out of this world. We got a tuna app that was very fresh as well. We came back another time for drinks, and have never been disappointed in that aspect. The patio is fun to people watch and the bartender was amazing and fun and really attentive even though he was slammed. We were cold outside and got some alcoholic coffee drinks that blew our minds...random, but delicious! We will def be coming back for drinks plenty often, but may not order lots of food.
1	STAY AWAY!!There are thousands of better places on the strip!!We really looked forward to dinner here on our first night in Vegas. What a waste of time and money.The food was quite average.. and that was their only good point.The service was disgusting! We were seated and waited for 15mins while the dumbarse serving staff decided who was assigned to our table. Then once they figured this out (played 'rocks and scissors'? I don't know!) we then spent another 10 mins waiting for someone to take our drinks order... it all went downhill from there. This was surprising since there were about 8 wait staff standing around the walls picking their arses as it was still early and only about 10 diners in house.We were in a section with us (2 people) and another large table of about 8. The waiter pretty much said f*ck them, Im just going to wait on the big table. So we were left sitting there for one of the shyttest  dining experiences in Vegas.  Their food is rather overpriced for the style quality, and their wine list is very average.If you want great food and great service at a good price - avoid Trader Vics and try Hawaiian Tropics on the other side of PH. (oh, and don't take an Opentable voucher there.. as they don't know what it is and make a HUGE drama abou cashing it)
4	I have always wanted to go to Trader Vic's, even before the "Werewolf of London" whether in San Francisco or Beverly Hills.  Leave it to Las Vegas to make my dream come true.  And it did not disappoint.  The food was fantastic -- mouthwatering so -- and so we went three times during a short stay, breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The portions are large but not overwhelming, nor are the Polynesian flavors that add spice to the yummy fish.  It's open late, and you can sit outside and listen to music, or avoid the Vegas heat at a cozy table.  The service was great, and while a bit pricey, well worth the visit.
4	This review is for the drinks ONLY. The bartender was very nice and recommended that we get the rum keg over the scorpion bowl. It was very tasty, and yes, we all got pretty wasted.The bathrooms are really nice =)The weather was perfect so it made the outdoor seating so much more enjoyable.
3	We wound up here for dinner because we had coupons for 2-for-1 mai tais, and a coupon for a free appetizer with the purchase of an entree.   The service couldn't have been nicer or more attentive, and he was tipped for this excellent service accordingly.However, I found the food to be lacking.  The chicken in the red thai curry was tough and overcooked, and the sauce oily and uneven.  The calamari appetizer was much better.  Mai tais were marvelous.  My advice? Come here for drinks and appetizers before a show, but eat your real dinner elsewhere.
3	We had heard about Trader Vic's before heading to Vegas, so we thought we'd give it a try upon arriving at PH.  I had the TV fried rice and my husband had the steak sandwich.  The rice was good with all the different meats and seafood, but the rice didn't have much flavor.  The steak sandwich was good with mushrooms and the chips were different.  We sat inside and could still see out on the strip.  Our waiter wasn't overly friendly and he was a tad slow.  I am luke warm on Trader Vic's...
4	I happen to enjoy Trader Vics.First off, the tiki theme, loves it!  Second, fruity rum drinks that get you hammered, how could you not love it?  But we'll move onto the food.Off the appetizer side of the menu, I recommend the fried calamari not only because it is delicious alone, but the wasabi aoli they serve with it is awesome.  Very similar to the lemon chili aoli we serve with our fried calamari, but different at the same time.As for entree's I happen to like the ahi tuna filet.  Seared how you like it, the sauce that it is served with compliments the fish really well.  Of course, you have to order a side of the lobster mashed potatoes because those are also really really good.  My friend will agree with the potatoes, but he'll highly recommend the orange miso sea bass as an entree.  I always leave here stuffed, but in a not as guilty kind of way because I'm eating sea food.
3	we stopped in for an early dinner/snack before our flights.  service was fast.  meal was pretty decent.i got the trader vic's salad which was pretty good.  and the kona cooler which was so icy i couldnt drink it.  my friend got the ahi poke which had hamachi in it.  i dont know why it was a poke.  i dont remember poke being like that at all.  it was more of a tartare.
1	Ok they still owe me 400 bucks and they're closing...just great. I'm gonna have to earn it by pushing porn out on the patio. So several GMs and complete staff turnovers later. Plus an eviction notice....I was right. Thank you everyone for supporting my blackballing TV. I wanna thank Sysco, and Deluca...Also Coors, Nevada Beverage, and surprisingly Southern Wine and Spirits.
4	I didn't eat here...just went to the comedy show that I had free tickets to.  The comedians 2 weeks ago were hilarious and $20 all you can drink isn't bad cause all 4 of us that went were pretty trashed when it was over.   The cocktail waitresses were super fast and we were double fistin most the time.  I definitely drank my moneys worth!  The show was great and it wasn't a huge venue so it was nice.
3	I've been there on two occasions - awhile back to check out their happy hour and another time to grab some lunch with some visiting friends.Their happy hour didn't offer much in terms of food, mostly just alcohol.  (Which I guess is a good thing, depending on what you're looking for.)  We shared the Kahlua Pork Sliders (braised in plum sauce on Hawaiian sweet rolls) and they were okay, nothing special.  They tasted more like a char siu bao than Kahlua pork if that makes any sense to you.  The drinks we ordered ended up not being part of their happy hour special, we were disappointed when we saw the bill.  (Shouldn't they tell you what's included when you ask?)The second time I went, I had the Hawaiian Poke for $11.50.  (Duo of Ahi and Hamachi Garnished with Avocado and Taro Chips.)  It was pretty good and a light meal.  My friends seem satisfied with their various dishes: Thai Grilled Chicken Sandwich, Wok Hay Shu ($17.95) and their Thai Red Curry with Tofu ($17.95).  They also had a couple of drinks too that they enjoyed, although they didn't think there was much alcohol in them.Service was just okay both times I went.  Happy hour service was just average since the bartender mostly helped us as we were sitting at the bar.  It took awhile for our orders to be taken and the check to come when we came for lunch on that Friday afternoon.  (They had just opened, so you'd think they would be on top of it all.)Overall, Trader Vic's isn't the kind of place I would normally choose to eat at.  Their prime location overlooking the strip is what makes you want to grab a drink and hang out by the edge for some great people-watching.  But other than that, it's okay in the food department and depending on who is making your drink, it can be better.  (And can someone please tell me how to find the menu part on their website!  It's missing! Blah!)(Pics posted!)
4	We went here simply because I had read two things: 1) in some guide to Vegas it was mentioned that it had a great view of the strip and of the Bellagio fountains from the outdoor dining patio and 2) an article about Polynesian food in Saveur magazine a few months ago talked about Trade Vics and how they invented mai tais and possibly crab rangoons (one of my favorite Chinese restaurant appetizers).  It went beyond expectations all around - it was a gorgeous night out, perfect for sitting out on the patio.  We had a great view of the fountains and a great little band with a keyboardist and steel drummer was a perfect touch.   Service was good and the mai tai was quite good - very powerful.  Like many times you go to the "original" of any food item, but was a little different than what I've come to expect from a Mai Tai.  Food was excellent - I would put more details of what we had on here, but their stupid web site doesn't have a menu on it.  Stupid!  Anyway, we put together a Polynesian smorgasbord with crab rangoons,  short ribs and some lobster thing paired with an order of their "all-in fried rice."  Everything was great - the rangoons had a little bit of spice to them which was different and good. The sauce on the short ribs (I think that was it) was great.  The fried rice was possibly my favorite though - filled with shrimp, pork, beef and fried scallions while not overloaded with a heavy soy flavor, you could literally taste the heat of the wok in the rice as it was all seared together perfectly and just delicious.  Highly recommended for a  casual night out with a great view and good food - the finger foods and starters aren't big so what we ordered was actually fine for two of us (we were hungry though) but you could go with a bunch of people and order a bunch of apps and some fried rice and go to town.
3	We sat outside for the good view and people watching. It was an excellent view and there was no wait for dinner (though this was during the week).The food was tasty and more on the "fusion" side than traditional Pan-Asian fare. The entertainment that night was a one man lounge style entertainer who was very good and didn't ruin the meal in any way (some entertainers want you to pay more attention to them than your food or companions).The server was very informative and his recommendations were spot on. Be sure to ask about portion size as some of the entrees are huge and you can get a "side" portion that is completely filling.
4	Ive been in before and walked out as the waitress was really rude. I decided to give it another go and im glad i did as the drinks (Mai tai and mehune *spelling maybe off sorry*) are amazing and the the food also (chicken salad and fried rice) Service was great but the incorrectly spelt drink as forementioned was missing its little doll which sits on the side of the glass as they had run out for the last 2 months!!! What!!  There was a table of construction headguys sat 2 tables away from us with blue prints of the inside quite obviously deciding on where the new place was going to fit in, so thats sad as i really liked it.
2	I thought it would be a solid meal since i've seen a few Trader Vics in the bay area but i was disappointed by the food.   My bbq chicken salad had this pre-packaged chicken that reminded me of the kind you get from those cans or ziplock bags they sell at costco.  We also ordered the Ahi poke and the fish was not fresh (yes it was vegas and maybe we can't expect the best ahi tuna but still).   It tasted rather fishy - i'll give them brownie points on the presentation though.    Service was good and atmosphere is nice, but I wouldn't go back to eat there.. maybe just get some drinks.
4	I was pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant. The food is original (like wasabi mashed potatoes and fresh peanut butter on spicy crackers). All the food was tasty. The one fault is the wait staff was slow and we were thier during on a slow night. Huge specialty drink menu.
1	Dude! Save your money!!!  If you know anything about Trader Vic's history and you are expecting anything like what you have heard you will be very very disappointed like I was.I went there with money to burn!  I wanted to buy all the ceramic mugs and bowls that they had to sell (because that is what they were famous for)...I asked the waitress 'which of the drinks from the bar come with glasses you can buy'  She looked confused.  Are you effin kidding me?  She didn't even know what I was talking about.  I felt stupid and said uhhhh ok, never mind.When you walk in the only thing that even looks Polynesian is a giant Totem pole in the center of the room....that's it.  Literally.  That's it.I am normally a very picky eater but I decided to live a little on the wild side and order some Mango stir fry.  I took about two bites and I was done.  I can't tell if it was just me living toooo much on the wild side for my taste or if it really tasted like shit.Anywho, the waitress realized I wasn't feelin it and took it off the bill which I definitely appreciated.The pineapple chicken tender appetizer was good.  That's about all I can say...save your money and time.
3	I loved this place when I first tried it out in Chicago, but this location isn't as great.  I ordered crab rangoon and the short rib appetizer for lunch.  The crab rangoon tasted too crabby but the short rib was excellent.  They also have some great alcoholic and non-alcoholic mixed drinks that are worth trying.  Service was okay, I was there by myself and wanted to sit in one of the seats outside that overlook the strip.  However, they didn't seem to willing to accommodate my request and it took some arm twisting to get what I wanted..  Save your money and find another trader vic's location.
2	Yeah, I had no idea this place had an Asian inspired menu. Trader Vic's? Sounds American to me. I think there's one back home but I never tried it and now I never will. Everything "looked" good on the menu.Nice place and good service but poor food and a bit pricey. Lobster Potstickers - Recommended by our server over the Crab Rangoon. Ok, for $10, this piece of crap only had 4 potstickers! I could barely taste the lobster so the meat was probably was probably the size of my pink nail. And it was over drenched in soy sauce. Sea Bass - Not bad but a little too rich in flavor. I think it's the truffle oil which I'm not a big fan of. I've had high expectations of sea bass after having the best one in South Beach, FL. Nothing compares.Filet Mignon - Just ok. Not too much flavor, a little dry and overcooked. The wasabi mash potatoes had too much wasabi for me. Mushroom side wasn't bad.So all that for about $90 including tip? No thanks! I enjoyed my cup noodle and funyuns in my hotel room a lot more. Stop with the fake Asian inspired menus. Go for the real thing.
1	We went here for Mother's Day with some friends for lunch.  Should have gone somewhere else.It's located nicely on the strip, inside Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino.  We sat on the patio where you can people watch and see the Bellagio fountains doing their thing.  It was nice... 'till the "music" started.  First of all it was way too loud and you could barely hold a conversation, but what was even worse was that the guy was horrible!  It would have been ok if he didn't sing.  He was decent when jamming out on the keyboard and drum machine, but then he opened his mouth.  Ugh.  We all just looked at each other and laughed.  Since we had already had apps and ordered food, there wasn't much else we could do.The waiter was cool, and it wasn't his fault that the food was completely tasteless.  We had rock shrimp for an appetizer which was ok, then I had a salad with chicken which had no flavor whatsoever and it cost $19.  I tried the curry and the fried rice from the others in the party and it was more of the same: no flavor and way overpriced.  I make better fried rice at home!Total bummer that the place turned out to be a rip off.  Anywhere else would have been better.  Live and Learn I guess.
2	After spending nearly an hour after being buzzed from the "High Octane" drink from Fat Tuesdays at the roulette machine in the Planet Hollywood, I heard my tummy grumble.  We didn't really know where to eat and we walked by Trader Vic's on the way out of the casino.  I'm a fan of Asian Fusion food and even though there is one here in the bay area, I've never felt compelled to try it so I said why not?  We sat in the terrace and it was not too hot since they had the mist fans on full blast.  Service was good too but food was not good.  We ordered a seared tuna appetizer and lobster pot stickers.  Tuna was bland and the salad that came with it was too salty.  The pot stickers were tasty but the salad that accompanied it made it salty too.  We ordered a steak sandwich medium.  It was over cooked and nothing special.  I also ordered the Tom Yum Gai soup and it was gross.  It was so bitter.  They needed to toned down the ginger and lemongrass I think.  They get 2 stars for service and location with a nice view of the Bellagio and the Paris hotels but that's about all going for them.
4	I've been to the Trader Vic's in L.A. many times and love it so I had to try it out in Vegas.  Came here for lunch and sat in the cool AC part, next to the outdoor patio and people watched while we waited a short wait for our drinks and meal.  The wait staff was friendly and the food was very good.  I had a salad and my husband had a burger.  I'll be honest, I really came here for their tropical drinks.  Isn't drinking your lunch in Vegas acceptable?I will be back.
3	When I walked into Trader Vic's, I was struck with visions of a cross between the luau from Saved By The Bell's summer series and Legends of the Hidden Temple.Vic's decor is a gimmicky island-beach theme but it somehow passes as slightly modern at the same time.It's technically located in Planet Hollywood but their doors are right by the Miracle Mile entrances and moving walkways.My girlfriend and I went in for lunch and it was pretty empty - save a few groups out on the patio.  It was almost eerie to walk into a cooly-ventilated, low-key place playing Jimmy Buffett music after the barely-contained chaos of the Strip.The food was okay.  All of the menu items have an "island twist" to them; a lot of them sounded tempting.  The service was really good.  The bartender even came over and gave us some extra margaritas from the batch he had made us.  All-in-all, it was a nice meal but nothing really hit me with "WOW."  One odd thing though: they only have a couple types of margaritas.  Isn't that weird for an island-y place?
2	Went here late at night for a cocktail and was sorely disappointed. No one was at the hostess area leaving us to find our own way to go. The restaurant was a ghost town and the patio has a few groups. We decided to sit at the bar where we proceeded to wait for a bartender for well over 5 minutes, being the only patrons of the bar this was ridiculous. Their Mai Tai was made from a mix, which didn't taste quite like the one at the LA location used to and when I asked for a sweet drink the waiter replied "do you like cocoa?" and said sure... little did I know he meant COCONUT! Ew! $22 later with more then half a glass of coconut sludge left on the counter I was not impressed. I am not saying anything about the food as I didn't have any, but the cheesy decor and slow bartender didn't have us eager to come back anytime soon.
4	I was in Vegas with my girl friend and decided that I was going to roam about on my own for awhile. I have been to the Trader Vic's in LA at the Beverly Hills Hotel several times, but had yet to have one of their famous Mai Tais. I had spoken to a friend earlier that day and he had told me that a Mai Tai was a must have at Trader Vics. I had just lost several hundred dollars at the Planet Hollywood Casino (attached to Trader Vics) and was thumbing through the "Players Club" book and found that they had a two for one deal. SWEET!I walked in and the place was completely dead...there were like 3 people in the whole place. I made my way to the bar and had a seat. I sat there for 10 MINUTES until the MANANGER came up and started friendly conversation. The sweetest little man I have ever met. After about 5 or so minutes of chatting about LA and the Queen Mary in Long Beach, I asked him if he could get the bartender so I could order a drink. He was shocked that I had yet to be served. He gave me his card so that I could call him personally to set up a reservation when I come up for my birthday in October.There, before me, sat the most incredible drink. The first sip was a heavenly burst of fruity rum that made my tongue do things x rated in my mouth! Before I could set the glass down, it was gone. Not to worry, the second Mai Tai was already waiting for me! Thanks to my friend in VA for insisting on my trying a Trader Vics Mai Tai. It was definately a highlight of my trip!
1	Well, I'm not surprised this place closed!!! The prices were sky high and the food wasn't anything special. The atmosphere was cold and uninviting. The service some of the worst. To be honest the best part was the bread basket that was brought before the meal with our insanely over priced drinks! Thank Goodness this place is no longer in service to suck the $$ out of innocent tourists!
