5	PIZZA HUT!! After the whole $10 for any pizza promotion my boy and I started using Pizza Hut.  It is the BEST!!!!!  The thin crust supreme is so good.  we are totally addicted.  We always get the spicy boneless wings, and two large supreme pizzas (so we have left overs) and it comes to about $30.  Staff is friendly and English speaking.  The delivery is fast.
1	These clowns are total knuckle heads. They ran our order as take out and then wouldnt change it to delivery even though it was supposed to be, even though we tried to give them money for the delivery charge, even though it was their fault. They lied about being sorry for not being able to help. They lied by saying its impossible to write an address down on paper and give it to a sentient being driving for their deliveries.  maybe thats the problem..maybe they dont have humans driving? Wow that'd be something. With the kinda dough you need to hire a robot delivery tank army no wonder they dont give a holy fuck about customer service. Total dipshits.Anyway now Im killing time in this dirty-floored ghetto grease bucket with knappy-ass street freaks pacing back and forth in front of the windows.Dudes name is Jacob.
4	They have improved their recipe quite a bit. The last time I had Pizza Hut was when I lived on the east coast and it was as bad as Domino's during their Noid days. Now they have both made leaps and bounds with their recipes. Their sauce has gotten leaps and bounds better and their dough is decent.We had the internet only special for a large garlic parmesan crust pizza. They are still limited on their toppings compared to other franchise pizza joints like NO banana pepper as a topping and their veggie selection is weak too.When ordering on-line one thing that I did not like was if you were getting a pizza w/ 2 toppings you could not get 2 different toppings on each half like how Dominoes lets you do. You can also not request for it to be double baked which i like b/c these franchise pizza joints always tend to under cook their pies (imo). The other bonus is it is literally 2 minutes from our house and since Papa John's doesn't deliver to our neighborhood we've had to look elsewhere for our quick and easy pizza orders for when we're lazy.
