5	It s such a wonderful show. Everyone has to see if at least once. DIsney and theater magic. Thank you Lindsey for the tickets. The adult Simba was amazing and Tony is great too.(Timon)  I saw him in the Vegas version too. I think he is super talented. I love stage acting. I could live at the theater.
5	Lion King Broadway is a treasure for young and old.  It was a spectacular production!  The entrance of the performance was incredible so don't be late.  All of the characters were so alive. Now, I want to watch the Disney Lion King movie all over again.  Lindsey, thank you so much for including me in another fabulous CMYE.  ASU Gammage not just provided us the tickets but gave us exclusive about the story, production, and behind the screens all in a black folder.  It was really interesting reading all the pages.  Wow, 18 trucks to transport.  I just saw one truck, wonder where they park the rest.  A huge thank you to ASU Gammage for an amazing evening.
5	What a wonderful evening! Lion King is the most beautiful musical I have ever seen. Thank you so much Lindsey and Gammage for these tickets. We had a great view. I am reading through the packet we got and it has really interesting information about the production. That is a great addition to actually seeing it. If you haven't seen Lion King then you are missing out. The music and costumes are the best. Even watching the way the costumes move is just amazing! So glad I got to see this.
5	If you haven't been to Lion King, go right now and get tickets. Stop reading, go get tickets!!!! Ok, as you can tell this was amazing. I was a very very very lucky yelper and am eternally greatful to Lindsey and Gammage for these amazing seats. Lion King is absolutely breathtaking. The costumes are wow! The music is wow. It is the best of broadway and Disney all in one!
5	Lindsey, thank you so much for getting us tickets to this. It was actually my first time seeing a show at ASU Gammage but I know I will be back because it was so awesome! I was mostly excited about being able to take my sister since she is a HUGE Lion King fan but the show ended up really knocking my socks off. I am not a big Disney fan but even though the plot very much followed the movie it was a show mostly geared for adults. It was very emotionally moving and had fantastic sets and costumes. Some of the puppets were quite ingenious. I especially loved the fact that they brought the action up into the audience. Since we had fantastic orchestra level seats, the parade of animals in the beginning act passed just feet away from us! That was really, really cool. I will definitely recommend this show to everyone I know.
5	I felt like a kid again awe struck by the amazement of Disney and The Lion King.  I knew I was in store for a treat, just didn't know to what level!  The Lion King is amazing, though every child & adult knows the story of the Lion King, the play was geared more to the adults, which in fact just made me feel like a kid again anyways.The outfits, the costumes, the animals, this show weaves magic all around it! You quickly forget that these are actors and they transform in to the animal they are portraying. I absolutely loved the animal parade that walked by us, the elephant was amazing, the birds, hippos, giraffes, the lions; I was quickly transplanted into the home of Mufasa & Pride Rock!Awe struck by how even the stage breathed life, if you haven't seen the Lion King, you really must! This is art, music, talent & magic all spun together! Thank you so very much Lindsey & Yelp for giving me the opportunity to see The Lion King! And Lindsey, what an amazing job on the folder of information you provided us with! It was interesting to learn that Pumbaa's costume was the heaviest of them all coming in at 45 pounds! Wow! Mind blowing! And to learn that the Masks are just ounces of weight, who would have known!I was under Disney's spell for sure on this magical night!
5	Disney's The Lion King is by far my favorite musical. Everything is incredible about the show from the cast to the costumes you're in for a good treat. Gammage Auditorium is a great venue well. I would definitely recommend sitting in the Grand Tier for this particular show. But there is really no bad seat here. If you go to a show during the week I recommend arriving early to get parking and walk to a restaurant on Mill Ave which isn't too far away. The parking at Gammage is pretty limited plus there will also be students still on campus. But whatever you do make sure you're on time for the show. The opening scene is AMAZING and it would be ashamed for you to spend all that money on your ticket and miss out. Don't be that person to miss the opening scene because they won't let you in the door. Then be that person again to scoot in front of everyone fumbling to your seat.
5	I got tickets for my family with my sister. I wasn't that excited about Lion King but thought that we would give it a try. We've all seen the move Lion king and enjoyed it so I thought we might enjoy this. After seeing this production, all I have to say is WOW. They did such a great job of this. The costume were amazing. The costumes for the different animals and plants were very creative. I truly enjoyed the young Simba and Nala. They did such a wonderful job for such young kids. The singing and acting were top notch. The story line was easy to follow and it helped me remember everything about Lion King cause I think I haven't  seen the movie in about 10+ years. My kids said that they saw the Lion King when thy were about 5 years old and forgot the story line but it brought back the memories again. Excellent job. If you haven't had a chance to watch this production of Lion King then I would really encourage you to go. Don't miss it even if you don't have kids. I had a great time.
