2	I only went in to buy a pair of cycling gloves, but after hanging around at the till point for five minutes trying to gain attention in order to pay for them, I decided that I probably won't be back here again. I think this place is a chain. Why would I hang around waiting for someone to bother to accept my cash, when I can go to a great independent (there is a good number of them in the city), get excellent customer service and a good deal?
4	I LOVE MY NEW BIKE! And I have Evans Cycles to thank for it. As Claire C mentions, it is a chain and whilst I am definitely all about supporting local sometimes you have to concede that chains have bigger stock and supply. I had already been to two other bike shops in Edinburgh, both independents, and hadn't found *my* bike. None just felt right.But even on a Sunday, when the stock was low at Evans, they had the perfect bike for me. A sexy little number, in red, hybrid with two sets of gears and a white seat and a little bell. The customer service was really good, they let me test the bike no bother, and when we pushed them to have the alts done by 2.30pm (with only an hour of work-time) as we were pushed for time, the guy hurried it through for us.Admittedly some of the stock is really quite expensive compared to other places. So I held off buying my bag and padlock from here. But for the bike itself, Evans have a great range and good customer service to go. No rushing, no pushing onto one bike or another (I was torn between a hybrid and a road bike). Although newbies be warned (as I am a newbie) - most bike shops like to keep the seat higher than you might need as it's good for the legs and you can get more push and it's general better bike-riding But as a noob I need my seat low, lower, noooo lower. So don't be afraid to keep asking them to adjust it till it's the perfect fit for you.THere's also a free check-over the bike in 6 weeks time, and they run a 'how to care for your bike' class once a month. Very happy Jen *ding ding*
3	Reasonable chain of bike shops but lack any atmosphere for full on bike geeks, they do have good range of stock but the Customer Service can range from quite good :-)  (I'll mention Grace here cause she is helpful and knowledgable) to slow :- / to ignorance of the products :-( . Handy location in town but prefer the Bike Coop myself.
2	Not so fun bike shop, its big in space but dont have that much to choose from. And pretty boring brands.Webb shop has bad customer service.In Edinburgh look at Ronde bike outfitters or alpine bike shop as alterntive.
