4	In the land of nail salons, do we need yet another? Yes! This one has won me over because it is clean, inexpensive, quick and they do a good job. I regularly get pedicures there and they're a little over $20 with the Ballantyne Corporate Card. Easy in and out parking. A few doors down from Starbucks, so I can grab a java on the way out. Sold!
5	This is a really nice salon, they have a huge selection of color and brands (I do the gel polish).  The staff is friendly and I like the fact they are even open on Sundays until 6:00!Nail salons are a dime a dozen but this one is worth coming for.
3	Nail salons are certainly abundant in this area, but I decided to check out V Refine after reading the other reviews here.  I work in the Ballantyne Corporate Park, so this place is really convenient for sliding in on lunch hour or right after work.  Their prices are very competitive for the area - around $25 (before tip) for a pedi is the going rate. (I forgot to use my BCP discount card on this visit.)  The place is clean and they do have a large selection of polish.  While it was not the best pedicure I have ever gotten, for the price point I thought it was fair. I'll give them another try when I am ready for my next pedi.
5	I wish I still lived in Ballantyne because I haven't found a place as good as this one in uptown or north Charlotte.They have the largest collection of colors I've seen at any nail salon (their OPI - Mod About you is my favorite!) Their prices are extremely reasonable -- $7 for a polish change! The inside is clean and roomy and the staff is really nice and friendly. I have come here just before closing time a couple times and they've still willingly accommodated me. Although all of their staff is skilled, I still recommend getting one of the men to do your nails since they are the most skilled of the lot. Ironic huh?
4	Very friendly and clean. I walked right in and was seated immediately at 5pm on a weekday. I'd definitely go back. They only tiny thing is that they over-filed my nails. Next time I will make sure I am more emphatic about keeping the length of my nails. But other than that, everything was great. Clean, friendly and reasonably priced.
4	While attending a wedding in Charlotte, it became necessary for an "emergency" nail color change.  This place came highly rated on Yelp, and did not disappoint.  Friendly, quick, professional, and not a big cost.  I would recommend it.
5	I was sitting in the parking lot of a nearby salon when i read some terrible yelp reviews about it. I quickly did a yelp search for nearby nail salons and found V Refine Nails. I must say i have been looking for a great nail salon for quite some time and I think i found it.Every employee at this Salon was super friendly. The selection of nail polish colors is ridiculous! They had every color of the rainbow plus some. When i sat down for my pedicure I was given a menu of pedicure options. The cheapest most basic one started at $25 and went up from there. I chose the 2nd option and was not disappointed. I will most certainly be back!!
5	I've going to this salon for years. I've always had great service.  I'm in & out in a timely manner. My toes, nails and eye brows always look great.
1	Horrible experience!!!!  I am not at all satisfied with service they provided.the girl who did manicure to me was very rude and rushing things .When I complained abt her  they sent different person but He was also not so friendly and did not do good job .I would never go back there.....Overall Service is horrible WSATE OF MONEY..
2	Went in for my first and ONLY time (won't bother again) for a french manicure with gel coating = $35Issues - mediocre manicure, and uninterested nail techs, and the TV was not on for entertainment/distraction... The worst part to me was that they use UV machines to assist with drying the polish - for over FORTY minutes during the painting process! This bothered my eyes and my skin, as the machines become very hot and uncomfortable. When I tried to communicate my discomfort 20 minutes in, my concerns were brushed off.
5	Great family owned nail salon.  Everyone seems to have their own specialty, and they make sure the best person is doing your service.  Highly recommend!
5	Best Salon ever, I am as picky as they come! They treat you like family and go out of their way to ALWAYS take care of their customers. I have been coming here for a long time and love this family!
2	After reading the reviews, I gave this place a shot but was disappointed by the way my nails were done. They didn't paint the tips (gel) and they painted over my nail beds onto my skin so it basically peeled off at the edges within days. Sucks because they were really nice and the young girl gives amazing hand massages. But if your nails only stay painted a few days, that doesn't work for me.
