5	I had my van wrapped with Artkore and I was very impressed with their creativity. I told them what I wanted it to look like and they came up with some great design. Wow, I was impressed!  The whole experience was amazing. The owner Rassiel was so helpful throughout the process. At the end my van turned out great. Thank you so much Artkore.
1	Artkore was recommended to me with very high praise. I am very disappointed with my experience using this company.  I sent my order for business cards to them using their website. My graphic had a very bright purple in it which I was told via email the same evening that when the file was converted it was not as vibrant. That was the only time I had a speedy response from them. They sent me my proof back in the format they saw it in, which yes, it was more of a periwinkle blue than vibrant bright purple. There were no further notes in the email as far as what was the next step in the ordering process. After over a week of no communication from the company I looked them up on google and decided to called them at about 8:30 in the morning before I went into work. The hours listed in VERY large bold letters on the FIRST line of the google search said 5:00am-5:00pm. I called three or four times before 9am with no answer assuming the person working must be in another office or in a printing warehouse. By the time I gave up I received a call back. "Hi, I have multiple missed calls from this number." I addressed him with my questions in which he replied "I won't be in the office until 9." First of all, who the hell does that?! I sure don't call back missed numbers! obviously I didn't leave you a message! Second - you are running your business from a cell phone?! How professional is that?!That afternoon I called them again. They couldn't find my order since it was never processed and put into the print system. I was to I needed to approve their proof via email. Ok. Thanks for WRITING THAT IN THE EMAIL!! So I grudgingly approved the graphic with the poor color quality and responded to the email.At this point in my saga two weeks have elapsed and I STILL don't have cards, nor have they gone to press. So I am pissed. I wrote them an email and told them to cancel my order.... Wow, here comes the best part - the NEXT day they emailed me that my cards went to press. After two weeks of jacking around they were suddenly on it!I have been receiving a lot of calls and emails from the now! They can sit on 1,000 ugly cards now and eat that $50 because I will NOT be picking up my order. Know why? I went to Staples and got my BEAUTIFUL, bright, vibrant cards printed same day for the SAME price.
5	Artkore wrapped our windows, made our A frame sign, and did our pylon sign. We were so thrilled with the service and the results! Having our windows wrapped has quadrupled the walk-ins for our business. It is clearly the best advertising that we could ask for! Rassiel was reasonable on his pricing, and fast and accurate in his delivery. We can't say enough good things about Artkore!
