4	Small cute thrift with nice people running it. Decent prices ...they had bunny supplies in an area of the shop. It's a good way to support a good cause.
4	I finally stopped by this thrift shop.  They use the donated items sold profit to help rescue rabbits.  How absolutely adorable is that?  The thrift shop has some good stuff.  Like all thrift shops, it's a different store each time you visit.  I did spot a few great items for Halloween costumes and theme parties.  The best part is that it isn't picked over like the Goodwills and not nearly as crowded.  I was also able to find some super cute vintage picture frames and other odds and ends.  I will make sure to donate my next "clean out and get rid of stuff" bags to Brambley Hedge Rabbit Rescue.  They have rabbits in the store too!!  It's worth a stop by... see you there!
1	Wouldn't it be just wonderful to know all of these reviews are a complete & accurate description of this place? Well, I've a review to write & this may sting a bit...but it is completely true & honest.Yes, rabbits are wonderful pets & hoping to fill my bunny-void with more bunny-love I turned to Brambley...even drove out from Albuquerque (8-hrs away) After working with the staff for several weeks, completing much paperwork, I was ready to make the trip to meet Rosa-Marie for the first time. She was just 2 or 3 at the time. I brought her back to Albuquerque where she was a welcome addition to our family & a favorite of my daughters. She lived with us for about 5-yrs or so. Around Oct.'13 Rosa escaped from her hutch, through our fence gate which had blown open during high winds. This had never before occurred. She was subsequently hit by a car (my neighbor) who took her into the animal shelter. The animal shelter scanned her for a microchip & saw that she 'belonged' to Brambley Hedge Rabbit Rescue Group in AZ. Brambley phoned me at work & asked me where Rosa was. Of course I was beside myself confused; not only that after 5-yrs they were calling with such a silly question, but that her where-abouts were in question at all. They were very accusatory & rude to the point reluctantly providing me with any information on MY RABBIT of 5-yrs. I was finally able to speak to a manager who informed me on what occurred. I contacted the animal shelter & indicated i would be there immediately but upon arriving with my daughter was told they were stuck in the middle & could not give me back my injured rabbit. The director of animal services called Brambley & we discussed the matter via speakerphone. The words out of the mouth of Brambley was that they would hire an attorney & sue if Rosa left the facility. Nevermind she was lying in pain waiting with a mangled broken back leg & that I was ready to spend whatever it cost to get her well, nevermind my daughter sat there crying because this insane volunteer kept repeating that it was our fault Rosa was hurt...Nevermind she had been in our care in a superb environment with inside/outside home access for the past 5 YEARS. What it came down to was transfer of ownership and Brambley never made me the rightful owner, despite paying over $100 to 'adopt' her, the intention was to never do so. They still owned Rosa. They leased me a pet rabbit. Whoever heard of such a thing?! They decided she was not being properly cared for (despite this one-time freak accident). They decided they would come get her. I could not give the go-ahead for her necessary leg amputation. She lay waiting for days for this fanatical group to get their S*** in order and ultimately she ended up passing away during her surgery. The director of the animal shelter in Alb indicated her age had more to do with her passing but that laying around waiting did not help. He(director) also disclosed to me that this is not the first time such illogical, erratic, ignorant rescue group actions have benefitted noone. *****If you decide to "Adopt" from this crazy outfit, check that chip & make sure the animal is yours....you just may have a leased pet on your hands & they may decide to come get it after as many years, after you have grown attached to your new family member....Tragic for a 7-yr old & myself..Shame on you Brambley~ for letting down an innocent rabbit who lay suffering waiting for someone to help her.
