5	Shannon is fantastic! I had a photoshoot that I needed to be tan for and she gave me a beautiful, custom tan. The scent wasn't as overpowering as other solutions and it lasted just a little less than a week. I would highly recommend her to anyone! Thank you Shannon!
5	my tan still hasn't faded a bit after almost 5 days. i didn't smell funny after like i usually would from a spray tan. she tanned my legs and face so perfectly. shannon is amazing! :) i would recommend her to any of my friends. i was comfortable the whole time and i cant wait to go back! no complaints here :) thank you shannon :)
5	This was my first professional spray tan and I enjoyed every minute of it from the moment I walked in to the moment I left. Shannon was amazing and made me feel so comfortable. Her service was awesome and her knowledge of her product was amazing! I plan on returning soo, I need to get my bronze on! I will deffinately be returning in the near future and any time I need her and her awesome services! Have recommended her to my customers and friends. Absolutely 5 stars!!!!
5	Shannon is awesome, I highly recommend her for all you're waxing and spray tan needs.
5	I've had two spray tans from Shannon and both times they have been wonderful.  I have had a number of spray tans around the country and Shannon's are by far the best.  First, her product is great, lack of horrible scent as mentioned from other reviewers, provides a very natural looking tan and she works with you prior to customize the level of tan you desire.  Second, Shannon is as good as it gets when it comes to tanning.  Both times the tan was perfect.  Finally, she's a nice person.  That's the trifecta when it comes to quality in my book - will definately be back!  Thanks Shannon!!
5	Shannon did a WONDERFUL job - both by helping me pick out the right color for me (the one that most accurately reflected how dark I wanted my tan to appear, and what would work most naturally with my natural skin tone) as well as helping me understand the tanning process and how to make the most of the tan.  She was incredibly pleasant and positive in our interactions - I would COMPLETELY return to her any time I am looking for an airbrush tan!
5	Best waxing I've had. Definitely gonna stay with her. Very friendly and comfortable. It was my first time getting a Brazilian wax with her and I definitely LOVED IT! Affordable and amazing service:)
5	I am so happy I found Smooth Skin Salon!! I was using another waxing salon which did excellent work but was very overpriced. I then tried discount chain waxing salon and wasn't happy with the results...ouch.  Smooth Skin Salon offers everything I was hoping to find. Excellent service and reasonable prices!! Shannon, the owner, is personable and professional. The Salon only uses Hard/Stripless Wax which is marvelous and unlike other places in town doesn't break the bank.
5	This was my first waxing EVER and Shannon was amazing! She gave me professional advice about how to protect my skin and keep it healthy. She has such a bubbly and warm personality with a gentle touch. You can tell that she genuinely cares and wants to give you the best service. Im hooked!
2	You get what you pay for. I must say Shannon is very welcoming and loves what she does. However, she knows she was my first esthy for a few months, and my first Brazilian was done by her. The first time was great! But after a couple times I noticed more hair was slowly left behind...& on my last visit I asked for a heart (which was very crooked) I told her it was going to be my last visit(i was moving out of vegas) and what do you know there was a bunch of hair left. I've been to another salon for a Brazilian &  was very pleased. I received a Brazilian which covered everything, bikini lines, and up to my belly button. (All of which didn't happen at smooth skin) business is business and I'm sad to see I'm the only one with a "negative" review, because I really hope I wasn't getting the full experience because I was simply unaware. Good luck!
5	I've been going to Shannon for several years for my Brazilian and lower leg. I have been to several other estheticians, and many of them have been very good, but Shannon definitely is the best for many reasons. She really loves what she does, and you can tell. If there were ever a concern with the work she did, like missing a spot, as the one negative post said, she would gladly retouch that day. I believe that poster just had a negative attitude. I tend to check for spots before I leave, and she is always very thorough. A missed spot can happen anywhere, but communication works wonders. The price is amazing. Shannon loves what she does, and she does it  well. That is why she is willing to charge less. She is also a very warm and kind person. This is obvious for anyone who has a sense for someone's character. I feel it's important that the person providing services on my body, whatever it is, has good energy, and Shannon certainly does. She is a kind and generous professional.
1	After reading lots of great reviews on yelp I decided to try this place for an underarm wax. It was spur of the moment so I didn't make an appointment. When i walked in there was no one in the waiting area, but there was a sign on the door saying to fill out a form and someone would be out shortly (plus, the door makes a distinct noise when you walk in so I figured they knew they had a customer). After sitting for about 10 minutes and still no one coming to greet me, I decided to go down the hall the bathroom to try and make some noise, but still no one came out. I waited for about 5 more minutes before finally giving up and going to Wax in the City instead. Out of curiosity i tried calling them after I left and no one answered the phone. I would've assumed they were closed except the door to the waiting area was unlocked, the lights were on, and the door leading to the hallway was open. I'm very disappointed that my time was wasted and got the impression that they aren't very professional and I didn't even meet them! If you decide to try them I hope you have a better experience than me!
3	Not real thrilled with my spray tan. It wasnt dark like i get other places and it was orange. The place was nice enough and service was ok but in the end, it is the tan itself that must make the grade. Orange doesn't cut it.
5	I found Shannon on yelp several months ago and I've been seeing her ever since! It had been a long time since I'd attempted a Brazilian wax (which did not go over so well at another place). I was nervous but Shannon was so cool and easy to talk that the nervousness soon went away and before I knew it I was on the table without my pants haha! She explained the whole process and we got to talking as if we were old friends..she made the whole process much more comfortable. She uses hard wax which I love because I'm normally red forever with the other stuff in those nail salons. I see her for all my waxing needs now and her prices are great! I always enjoy my appointments with her and in fact she got me to wax a new spot that I'm obsessed with now..the inside of my nose! It might sound odd but as a Hispanic and Italian girl I have an obnoxious amount of hair in places I don't want. If you like good conversation and need some waxing done..go see Shannon!
5	This is my new wax spot!!! Shannon is amazing and I will never go anywhere else again!!! It's affordable and Shannon works with my crazy schedule so well!! I highly recommend Shannon!
5	I go to Shannon for my Brazilian waxes...she makes you feel so comfortable and does a great job!  I would definitely recommend smooth skin for your waxing and tanning needs.
5	This was my first time getting a bikini wax and as you might guess I was extremely nervous. Shannon greeted me at the door and led me to the room. She explained the process including the type of wax she uses, why, and after care instructions. I felt very comfortable and the nerves melted away. You can pay with cash or card. She uses Square :) I will definitely be returning. Oh and it didn't hurt at all!!!!
5	I'm an experienced wax receiver and I have to say hands down Shannon is literally in the top 3 waxers I've ever experienced. I've received Brazilians in SF, LA, San Diego and Vegas ranging in price from cheap to extremely expensive as in spa prices. Shannon blows all those salons/spas out of the water in both cleanliness and technique. She is very thorough, clean and precise. I regularly get a Brazilian, eyebrow and lip wax and I never break out from any service. Shannon uses a hard wax which I didn't have experience with but now I love, because as she explained, it only sticks to the hair and not your skin so there is much less pain and redness. If you are looking for a fantastic waxing experience I can't recommend Shannon enough!
2	I'm so disappointed with this wax. Honestly Shannon is a really nice lady but everything about this was off putting. the place itself it's kind of dingy and could use a good scrubbing. I'm not even the kind of person who cares about a salon type atmosphere but this place just looked like it needed cleaning. Shannon took her time with my brows but it wasn't anything to write home about. my Brazilian wax was awful. the wax was so so hot and I kept letting her know but the temp didn't change. she went over the same spot multiple times which I guess you can do with hard wax but I have never been left with so much hair. I can't even tweeze this much hair I'm gonna have to try and fix it myself or go to my normal place and get it done. also I have balls of wax left stuck to me. I've been waxing for over 7 years and have honestly never experienced anything like this. some of the other reviewers are saying you can go back to her for touch ups but what is the point of that? I want it done right the first time! I've never had to go back for a touch up with my usual lady. I guess you get what you pay for...
5	Seriously I am so impressed by her. A Brazilian, Brow, Lip, and Underarm wax in 45 min! Not to mention flawless. She made everything so comfortable and no awkwardness at all. She is friendly and talks you thru everything. I think everyone needs to see her, seriously. And her prices are better than anywhere you'll go. Not to mention she is the sweetest person ever and so passionate about her work.
