1	Today's experience was the SECOND time that I have ordered food at this location, paid for it, and had something missing from the bag.  In today's case, it was my son's food, and we didn't notice until we were at a park for a picnic.  How do you tell a 5yo that everyone else's food is there, but his is not?  I also noticed today, that their health score is not that high (I don't remember the exact number) but we were driving through and hitting the park as a treat, and the kids were set on BK.There are SO many other places to pick up food within a mile of this place that I don't think they will be getting a 3rd chance anytime soon.
2	This BK has always been busy  and the drive through always packed.  I think the design of the building is more conducive to the drive thru especially since the parking feels like a death trap.The inside is kept clean, sometimes the line on the inside is just as long as the drive through line wrapping around the building.
1	Multiple times now, maybe as high as 50%, where the drive through staff takes the order wrong, puts in the wrong food, or shorts an item. Just was shorted an item again and didnt realize this time until after driving away.  When you ask to get it fixed you are usually greeted with a put-out attitude or downright rudeness. Consistently horrible service since the first week it opened. I'd give 0 stars if that were an option.
3	Out of the major fast-food restaurants, Burger King is my preferred breakfast spot.The main reason I prefer Burger King over say McDonald's or Bojangles, is the Croissandwich.  I am not a biscuit guy, as I find them usually too dry and they tend to dry out my mouth and throat. I also like their style of hash browns as opposed to the one, big hash brown you get from McDonald's.  Another hidden gem on the Burger King Breakfast menu is the French Toast Sticks which are always hot and great with syrup (i find I need two syrups). Since this is the closest Burger King to me, I often go here for breakfast, I usually go through the drive-thru and my order is USUALLY correct.  However, I must say, that to my extreme disappointment, my order has been incorrect here on more than one occasion.  The main problem is that I order a BACON, egg and cheese Croissandwich and instead I get a SAUSAGE, egg and cheese Croissandwich.  At the end of the day, its not that big of a deal, and I usually end up eating it either way, its just the principal of the matter, than I paid for something I did not order nor want.  Of course, I could return it, but its simply not worth the gas or the effort.  WHY CAN'T THEY JUST GET MY ORDER RIGHT???  Its very disheartening to get home and open the bag only to find something you did not order!!!!My advice is to check your order before driving off, because though the staff and service are usually good, they WILL MESS UP YOUR ORDER!!!  Otherwise, if you've had Burger King breakfast before, you should be fairly familiar with the menu options and offerings.
5	Five stars for a fast food joint?Let me just say that the few minutes I went through the drive-thru were more enjoyable than the last 100 fast food visits...at LEAST. (Geez, do I eat that much fast food?)I ordered some chicken strips and a coffee for my drive home after a few days in CLT. The lady was very Southern and polite and called me "baby" which never gets old for me. Then I pull up to the first window, and this young man with freckles takes one look at my Volvo V60 station wagon and asks, "Is that you and your wife's car?" I chuckle and say yes. He pauses, looks at the car again, and asks, "Did she pick it out?" I laugh again at this kid's cheekiness.The woman behind the next window (the one who calls you "baby") assures me that she wants to brew me a fresh pot of coffee, because, after all, it is the afternoon, and the rest of that stuff isn't very good anymore. I wait an extra 3 minutes, house the chicken strips, and set off on a 2 hour 15 min drive home purty darn happy. Some good people work here, and they show it! (How often do you say that about your average BK?)
1	This is the worst fast food place I have ever visited. I waited upfront at the register for 5 minutes without any acknowledgement. There was one person in the kitchen during the breakfast rush. Two BK employees were in the lobby talking. One was complaining about being past over for a management role. The other seemed to be visiting from another store. Mary, the assistant manager, was rude, even though I gave her no reason to be so. When I said good morning, it seems you're very busy this morning, she waved her arms a bit and said I'm busy as if to say hurry up and order. Savannah was working the drive through and was rolling. I ended up waiting 10 minutes for 2 kid's meals. A guy named Silas strolled in without any serious desire to get things moving. Another customer had an identical experience. He turned to me and said this is ridiculous. The employee in the lobby eventually went to the back and started helping. Man, I advise you avoid this place! It's ridiculously slow. If you do visit, go through the drive through.
3	Nothing wrong with this BK - it is, in fact a nice little place. It's barely larger than an express outlet, and they designed it to fit nicely into a small parcel of land in the parking lot, so it does what it is supposed to - supplies burgers (and associated fast food) just where you need them.There are certainly a few other places to eat around the mall, and in fact if you drive just a bit further down the perimeter road you can get more fast food at Steak & Shake in one direction, or fancier foodstuffs and better views at Twin Peaks. But for a quick bite, BK does the trick.
