5	Finally, Morningside gets a bar/bistro place where you can enjoy drinks but also opt for dining that isn't your-standard-pub-grub. Drinks on offer are of a nice variety, definitely a great place to stop for an after-work pint/wine or before a night out in the centre. As for the food, we were a large table, so pretty much ordered everything on the menu, from the burger to veal to chorizo/squid. Sorry to sound generic but it all tasted great, with a very good quality/price ratio. I am quite excited that such a place has now arrived in Morningside and the combination of quality food and relaxed, slightly "industrial chic" bar has worked for me!
4	Salt Cafe seemed to take it's sweet time opening up but it was worth the wait!Inside the space is made good use of, with a large central bar accessible from all sides, an open and airy front dining area with further seating at the back of the restaurant with more private tables. I'd say the decor has a very nautical, New England/Scandinavian feel to it. It's a very comfortable and relaxing space.The menu is inventive, offering a diverse range of well paired, wholesome, fresh and seasonal produce. There are numerous healthy options as well as a few guilty pleasures thrown in to enjoy for good measure. There is the choice of small dishes (ideal for sharing) starters, mains and sides, catering for any occasion or appetite. I had the oysters to start, they were clean, juicy and refreshing, pretty much all that you can look for in an Oyster. I had a mackerel main that was lovely, well flavoured and rich. It was a bit on the oily side but that didn't detract from a very nice dish.They have an extensive choice at the bar with some very nice wines, Scottish beers and an array of spirits. I'd imagine their cocktails are good and will have to sample them sometime.Overall, it's good place to suit any occasion, whether you are after lunch, dinner or just drinks and a nibble and all at a very reasonable price. I'll definitely be back.
4	Stopped in here for a late breakfast yesterday. Excellently poached eggs on the eggs benedict, a hefty sized bowl of fries and a decently spicy bloody mary did the trick.Good, competent service and a pleasant atmosphere in pleasing surroundings.
2	I've re-rated Salt Cafe after two consecutive poor experiences. Both times completely down to customer service. The first time we were sat and proceeded to be served by a completely disinterested, stony-faced waitress. She gave us our menus, failing to tell us what the daily specials were. With nearly half the mains consisting of daily changing specials and not being advertised anywhere else, it didn't make reading the menu easy. With no communication or show of any discernible emotion from our server, we left pretty underwhelmed.The second time was on a busy Saturday lunch time. We went in and asked if there was a table for three available, we were told that there wasn't any available immediately but a table were just about to pay their bill. I said that was fine and we'd be back in a moment. We went to the shop next door for what was no more than 5 minutes. Returning to the restaurant we were met by the same member of staff I had just spoken to and was told there were no tables available. Looking over at the table we had just been told was about to become free, I was annoyed to see two completely different customers seated there. They must have, literally, been the next through the door after I had said we will be back in a moment for that table. Poor form and certainly not leaving any inclination to return.However, not all was lost. We had a great lunch at the superior Bia Bistro, just a short walk away.
4	I'd passed by a few times, and decided to make an outing of Salt with a friend. For starters, the staff are charming and adorable. And when doesn't that sell a place? I smiled and was chatty, perhaps that influenced them to be nice to me (not saying those other reviewers who said poor service deserved it, but...) I began with a cappuccino, and it was hairy and pungent, just the right thing for the wake-me-up I expect when I order coffee. Bit of a coffee lame-o? Get juice. I ordered a burger, and my friend requested soup. I love burgers. I make a mean one, from scratch, so I'm not very nice when a chef botches the job. It's not that hard. The secret is spit...ok, not seriously, but I'm not giving away the secret. Point is, a chef should know. And this chef has the goods. My burger was slightly done on the outside, bit of pink on the inside, with tons of juice and flavor. Perfect. This burger is a reason I will stop making my own. They also had a great playlist going, which they said was a spotify one they created. It was like a normal cool coffeehouse array, but a bit more upbeat.
