4	This place was a pleasant suprise. Joey C and I are in town and had just finished the ghost and terror tour (fun btw), meandered down the royal mile and stumbled upon this place. I had the Scallops with Haggis which was REALLY GOOD! The scallops were succullent and delicious! If you're nervously curious about haggis, this would be the dish to order. Each Scallop sits on a spoonful of Haggis so you have a decent sized portion to determine if you like it or not. Joey had the Fillet of Scottish Lamb with cous-cous and sweet potato. It was delicious! Juicy and tender meat, the cous-cous breading she could have done without but it wasn't bad. The sweet potato was well puree'd too.worth it!
5	It's a shame that Wedgewood is near the bottom of the Cannongate - an area that is generally quieter than everywhere else in Edinburgh, because it really is an excellent restaurant. The staff and the food are excellent! And the price is even better!They do a great lunch menu daily, all details are put up on the window in the morning and each option is mouth watering. I've lost count of all the times I've stood outside this restaurant and oogled the menu, drooling.They are a bit inventive with their food - I once had parsnip creme brulee - but have an open mind and you can only be surprised! I recently ate in total darkness in a concept-restaurant in Paris (it was a weird experience but I would highly recommend it) and so I found I have started to appreciate the taste of everything now, and Wedgewood is a total dream. It's bliss!! Everybody I've spoken to about this stunning restaurant love it as much as I do - really is a great place.
4	A more upmarket restaurant in a quite area. I hadn't even realised this was here until I was taken here my a friend. I loved the service and the quality of the food. I had the Scottish lamb wrapped in cous cous and it was delicious and my friends really liked their dishes too. I really appreciate it when places that are going to charge you a little bit more will at least have a higher standard in service and quality in food, without it being too pompous or the waiters hanging around your table. Wedgewood seems somewhat unspoilt by its touristy location and the menu was inventive and according to the waitress renewed quite often. A breath of fresh air for this part of town for a more special evening dining experience.
4	I was so jetlagged when I ate here....But I loved loved loved the food!I had the pigeon with haggis, and then the scallops with more haggis, and a bunch of beer.  So great!The food really was artfully done.On tip though.... we were in our touristy garb, jeans/sweaters... and everyone else around us was rather dressy.  Made me feel like such a scrub.I'd come back here next time I'm in Edinburgh for sure.
5	Stunning. Stunning, stunning, stunning.With relaxed but attentive and friendly staff and service, and a great location on the Royal Mile, Wedgwood has a lot going for it before your starter even reaches your table.The good news is, once the food arrives, it just keeps getting better.I had the scallops with parmesan flakes and salmon garnish with dijon dressing as a starter, and they were perfectly cooked -- moist, not dry, and with a very successful combination of flavours. The portion size was ideal for a starter -- five (large) scallops is perfect.For my main course, I had three fillets, one each of lamb, beef and pork, with Chinese vegetables and pancakes. The meats were all cooked to a turn, with the vegetables and sauce adding depth but not overpowering.This was a great find. Comparing it to the Grainstore, I think Wedgwood comes out on top. It's honest, Scots-inspired fusion with great values.When I'm next in Edinburgh, I will definitely be going again!
5	After visiting Holyrood Palace & mingling w/ Royalty, hunger set in & luckily we had rezzies at Wedgewood....you'll want to make sure you get rezzies here post haste! Mom enjoyed Salmon w/ Mushy Peas - perfectly sized portion of her fave Salmon & the mushy peas were chunky & full of flavor & she loved it Dad's a steak man all the way - Fillet w/ Chips hit the spot - perfectly cooked like he likes it & the chips were crunchy on the outside but soft on the inside - he even cleaned his place & he's not usually in the Clean Plate Club.... so this should tell you something I was excited to see Gnocchi but had my doubts about the Wilted Rocket pairing w/ it.....you see, I loathe all wilted leafy greens. They make me gag but I was willing to give it a try & boy am I glad I did The Wilted Rocket was like baby rocket small & paired w/ Spring Onions in a Balsamic glaze - this seared the gnocchi & made them have this carmelly "crust" and w/ the remaining little bit of sauce was finished w/ a dollop of creme fraische .....*extremely* flavorful & finished the whole plate....cause you see, I *am* in the Clean Plate Club Desserts were Sticky Toffee Pudding w/ Cream for me, Whiskey & Honey Panna Cotta for parents. Light yet extremely flavorful & again hit the spot (which is apparently my catch phrase for this review) Such a memorable lunch & will def come back when visiting!
5	Booked this restaurant on recommendation of a French friend living in Edinburgh. She is quite fussy, so I knew it must be OK. From outside it didn't look promising. Once inside, it was very warm and friendly, with a relaxed atmosphere. The staff were very helpful and nothing seemed to be too much for them. Then there was the food. Quite simply stunning. If you are going to eat here, you should think about booking well in advance to avoid disappointment.
3	This restaurant has a really good reputation, unfortunately I was a little underwhelmed.There was nothing wrong with the food or service, it just didn't wow me.  Others obviously disagree, so maybe it was just a bad day.
5	If I were only allowed to describe Wedgwood in one word, it would be "Perfection" Incredible food, attentive service, and good company made this meal my best in Scotland thus far. We started with a bottle of Shiraz, and our appetisers included the lobster creme brulee and pigeon over haggis, neeps and tatties. Wow wow wowza! Being American, the thought of eating "rat with wings" was a little off-putting, but it's not like they just picked a bird off the street! Who knew that there are farm raised pigeons? My new favourite poultry? Maybe... As for the creme brulee, it was a huge hit. So delicate and inventive, and served with bloody mary sorbet that was fantastic. The chef clearly has a creative side, and it translates so well into the food. I ordered the pancetta wrapped rabbit for my entree, and it was absolutely amazing! So tender and flavourful, and the sauces paired with it were exceptional. Our friend ordered the scallops with pork belly, and those too were excellent. For dessert we went for the sticky toffee pudding, housemade fudge, and one more (what it was escapes me at the moment!) but it had a really nice ice cream paired with it. Vanilla pistachio fudge, nummy!!! There was absolutely nothing to complain about. The price points were very reasonable for the quality and quantity of food as well, which is always a bonus. Be sure to make a reservation when you dine here, as the seating is pretty limited.
3	I wanted to try this place after read a lot of it and good reviews. I think the food are good in general but each course is "over" made in flavors, they mixes to much, also alot of sweetness and sugar ad to the dishes, like restaurants did in the 80:s.I had for main "Deer" as main and it was to dry to be good. and starter was Asian inspirited dish's OK but not special.I rather prefere the restaurants Wildfire or Calistoga,the serve pure good grocery's and meat not covered in 10 different flavors.Decor: ok, cleanStuff: professional
5	Absolutely first-rate. You want to show a girl a good time? Or maybe just yourself? Go here. My wife and I went here near the start of our honeymoon and it was one of the best places we ate the entire trip (it even topped every restaurant we tried in Paris). The service was first-rate, the menu was diverse and incredibly tempting, and the food? Oh God, the food.We started things off with the Lanarkshire blue cheese risotto bon bons, which were crunchy, creamy, and delicious. My wife had the Chermoula crumbed lamb filet, while I tried their crisped potato gnocchi with broccoli, black olives, sunblush tomatoes, and cream. Both of our meals were utterly outstanding. I don't think I've ever had better gnocchi, and the combination of flavors was perfect.We finished things off with a chocolate truffle cake and the Scottish cheese board, both of which made a great end to a wonderful meal. This place is great. Even better, the prices are completely reasonable. Honestly, for food and service this great, I really wouldn't have minded paying more - but the fact that I didn't makes this place all the better. Would definitely go here again.
5	Certainly, Wedgwood is one of Edinburgh's premier dining establishments. Dishes are fresh and innovative, and executed to an extremely high standard. I'd heartily recommend that you pay it a visit, very soon.Overall, we said: "I was blown away by Wedgwood. I had a notion in my mind that the place would be good, but "good" turned out to be a considerable understatement. The food is of exceptional quality, with quietly understated elegance permeating every flavour-packed fork and spoonful. I can't recommend it highly enough, so would encourage you to visit at your earliest opportunity."
5	Wow! I went here on my first night in Edinburgh with my mom, and we absolutely loved it!! I got the haggis, pigeon, neeps, and tatties app - so good! Although I did feel  a bit weird eating medium rare pigeon, it was delicious!  My mom (vegetarian) had nettle soup.  For our mains we had mutton loin with black pudding (me) and a mediterranean chickpea dish (mom).  The Spanish wine we paired with it was great too.  Recommended for anyone looking for a fancy night out... especially if someone else pays! ;)only complaint: we made a reservation two weeks in advance and were stuck in the table in the hallway near the kitchen.  that was not so nice.
5	I'm a bit disappointed I just went to Wedgewood for lunch, because I can only imagine what their dinner must be like. If it's anything like their lunch menu, it's probably fantastic--just the right amount of traditional Scottish food mixed with bright flavors and a modern twist.On a cold, rainy day the potato and garlic soup was perfect for warming up, as was the beef stroganoff-esque dish I got for my main. And a glass of red wine was the perfect touch for a lazy afternoon meal!
4	I was lucky enough to be treated to a fab dinner here at the end of Dec 12. The food was great and the staff were lovely. There was a slight glitch when the waitress admitted forgetting to put our dessert order through after we chased it up but then they knocked it off the bill which was very decent.Would definitely recommend it for a treat/special occasion.
4	We were planning a ladies lunch, it was second day of the festival and the sun was shining . So where do ladies that lunch go?We decided on Wedgewood, so we took advantage of the 12 pounds for two courses, or 3 courses for 16 pounds. The restaurant itself is well laid out and had a lovely buzz about it when we walked in. We'd booked in advance which was a good idea as the restaurant as full soon after we arrived.We went for a fresh salmon starter which was served with beetroot puree and a deep fried haggis with a wonderfully spicy salsa. The salmon was so fresh I was instantly transported to the beach at North Berwick, and the beetroot puree has a wonderfully earthy taste which wasn't too sweet as beetroot dishes can be sometimes. The haggis was beautifully soft inside with a nice crunchy bite on the outside and the salsa had a really good kick on the finish.Our mains were just as good and my coley filet was cooked perfectly with the flesh still being firm and flavourful. I have to admit I don't remember which wine we ordered (but it was delicious) as I left my friend to order that as I had to duck out and deal with a parking situation at that point of the meal.If you're looking for a great value lunch served with a changing menu taking advantage of the fresh seasonal ingredients available, I'd highly recommend Wedgewood.By all means take advantage of the 3 courses for 16 pounds, but if like us you're too full then I'd highly recommend a wander to let your lunch digest then a trip across the road to Mimi's picnic parlour that does Luca's ice creams!
3	We visited Wedgewood just before Christmas, for the boy's birthday. Such is his curse, that his day for getting older happens to be slap bang in the office party season, so it's sometimes difficult to find places to go out and have a quiet meal. Wedgewood I had heard had a nice atmosphere, and good food from Yelp reviews, so we decided to give it a try. First note of dischord was being seated right by the front door - but it actually was ok, not draughty and we weren't disturbed much at all, even though the restaurant was heaving. I went for the sea radish pannacotta, he had the beef stir fry for starters. Mine...definitely on the wierd radar, and glad I decided to try it, probably wouldn't bother again, but I can certainly regale my experiences to those who want to hear about it (green, wobbly creamy and salty... not a conversation you necessarily want to eavesdrop against), it will take a while to forget it.  I was happy to get the palate cleanser (nice wee surprise that) of lime sorbet, ginger beer and crushed raspberries. Mains.. he had the lamb which constituted of various versions of lamb, although the seaweed coating wasn't a success... too salty for his tastes. I had the aubergine and goats cheese cannelloni. While I liked the idea of aubergine as an alternative to pasta, there was too much goats cheese and the dish overall felt distinctly average compared to the rest of the dishes ordered. Desserts were cheese board (kindly without blue cheese) and a nicely plated deconstruction of a pear tatin. So, the food was pretty decent overall, despite the disappointing veggie main. Service... lacklustre. We had one drink order at the start, and a struggle to get attention thereafter. I ended up drinking the SR's water, as it started to feel all Lawrence of Arabia on the lack of liquid front. By the end it was positively dreadful, as we watched the waitresses polishing silver and resetting tables, despite the number of tables still busy and we were still waiting to place an order.. get the bill... anything. In the end, we gave up, and I stood at the till to get the bill so we could leave. Definitely felt like the waitresses were not on the ball, which was disappointing, as the irritation increased the longer we waited to try to get attention. I probably won't rush back, as I wasn't overwhelmed in the end, although the SR enjoyed his meal, which was the important part of the night.
