3	Decent Gryros, falafel, and miscellaneous Chicago favorites are served up here in this narrow location in a strip mall on the NW corner of 59th Ave. and Beardsley/101.  Prices are a little high for what you get, and the new picture menu is a little obnoxious to me because it takes so long to find what I want.  I guess the newb customers don't know what the menu items are by name, so they had to create this huge pictoral menu as if their customer base is illiterate.Food can take a long time even when they're not busy.  There's often no seating whatsoever.  If you have extra time on your hands and don't mind the wait, then give them a try.  Chicken gyro is reportedly good (many family members) but I prefer the falafel.  Hummus is just ok.  Fries are alright.
3	A good one-stop shop if you're ravenously hungry during lunchtime and sick of five-dollar footlongs...- falafel pita sandwich is worth noting...not bad, not bad at all! Comes loaded with three fresh/crispy falafels, hummus, and a side of tahini complimented with lettuce and tomatoes- I've seen the classic gyros sandwich, it's as big as my body, chocked full of meat, enough to last you a whole week...or a couple of hours depending on your appetite..- your eyes will be happy, lots of pictures of menu items for you to choose fromHungry beware....- order your food and take a nap because it takes LONG to come out- don't come here with 20 of your friends because you won't find a place to sit...it's a teenie weenie (hence one-stop shop) joint and the tables are tiny hidden in the back, you're better off getting it to-go- standard prices apply, but it's not bad for really fresh food
3	Pretty decent, actually more than decent for Arizona I guess.  Didn't even know that had decent Greek food, boy was I told wrong.   But if I was in So Cal, or LA/OC... this place would be a 1 or 2stars, however its Arizona.  I'm surprised they even had a greek family in the kitchen. This joint is small & its more like a quick bite place.  Great for lunch to go, lunch break eats, or chill joint to eat at with a friend.  Joint has only tables for two I think and not much seating, so maybe enough for 8 ppl total?*Food: Fries: so my friend has to order fries everywhere she goes.  Funny thing, I wasn't expecting this place to even have decent fries.... they're fries are awesome!!! Definitely get that over the hummusHummus: don't get it or get if you aren't expecting much.  Its pretty grainy still and is a little plain .Gyro: dude its huge!!! I'm serious, split it with two people & see if thats enough for you.  Unless you a very big guy, then go for it... you'll be full for sure.  Its a lot of meat even when its split into two... i mean alot of meat, like meat overload.  Be sure to get more sauce or put your hummus on it hahaDrink: Soda Fountain.  We got Raspberry Iced Tea.*Service: None, but as for the cashier...which probably is the owner's daughter - she could be a little more pleasant?*Parking: Its a plaza parking lot.  Theres enough parking, but you might not get a parking right in front of it.  Doesn't matter, its not much of a walk anyways, better than the grocery stores type of parking walk.*Price: Decent.  Dude the Gyros are totally worth it though!!!
4	Pleasant service, family run and very good food. The gyro is HUGE. They give you enough fries for two people in a single order. Fries are real tasty as well (old school, crinkle cut). Very small inside, only a few tables, none bigger than a two top. The Chicago dog is also a winner or should I say weiner. Sorry, couldn't resist. Extensive menu that I plan on trying most of the items in the future. All in all a very good dining experience.
3	I came here on a recommendation from a neighbor since he said the gyros are huge here.  However, bigger is not necessarily better.  The meat was not very juicy or flavorful, kind of bland.  The gyro wasn't terrible but just not as good as Greek Wraps on 75 & Bell.  The location is OK, they have a tiny shop and it looks like a mom and pop place but only a few tables.  Not sure I would come back, didn't really excite me.
3	This place is good and deserves a 3.5 stars but not quite enough to push it to 4 stars. The gyro was very big and tasty but was pretty plain. Contained meat, onion, tomato, and sauce. If you're looking for a quick tasty lunch, go here but i wouldn't say you should plan ahead to go here. Worth a try but not something i would go to on a daily basis.
1	That this place operates as a business remotely successfully is a complete mystery of modern mankind.  With nobody else in the store, a friend and I waited over 30 minutes for 2 gyro plates.  No I am not exaggerating or joking.  The Owners are Arabs and as I speak a bit of Arabic I found that the owner whom I was talking to was training her new nephew/cook and that he didn't know how to make the food yet.  I asked if she could make it foe us as we needed to go and she said he won't learn if he doesn't cook.  Unbelievable, she couldn't wait till we had our food and had him cook small portions to learn???  We received our food to realize the meat was horribly over-seasoned and the fries were cold.  On a positive note the soda fountain worked just fine.
3	Not bad gyro, but there's better. I like mine with crushed peppers and they didn't have any. Overall it's ok.
5	I love this place! We usually order the gyros, which are huge!!! I usually take out some of the meat and save it for the next day's breakfast to mix with some scrambled eggs! Anyways, the pizza puffs are so delicious! Great and fried... need I say more? The Philly Fries are also delicious. Cheesy sauce, peppers, onions, and Italian beef. So, so, so good! The customer service is really good. The family that works there is always friendly. We usually don't have to wait long for our food: maybe about five minutes.
4	Fresh Gyros Salad with Pita Bread is Tasty! The Baklava is Homemade. Generous Servings @ Resonable Prices.
2	Place your order, take a nap, and prepare to be underwhelmed. Chicago Gyros is what happens when you value quantity over quality. The menu is huge. That's totally cool when you're generally using the same ingredients again and again. But wait--they're getting a bit too ambitious. Greek burgers with feta and hummus? Philly cheese steaks? Please, you're trying too hard! Naturally I ordered the gyro, because there's no hope for you if you mess that up.The wait times are looooong. It's not like I had my stopwatch with me, but this is definitely more time than one should wait for simple Greek food. It hovered around 20 minutes. And we (total of 3) were the only ones there. Don't get me wrong--I'm not too impatient when I'm dining somewhere for the first time. I like to assume someone's in the back eagerly carving the roast to impress a new customer. Call me spoiled. When I received the gyro, it was STUFFED. No way was I going to finish that AND the fries (which weren't good). But the meat was just mediocre. It was the most bland gyro I've had, as if the filling were carved in advance and cooked through some unorthodox method. Or maybe the seasoning is just off. I left stuffed, but couldn't shake the feeling that I wasted calories. I only get 3,000 a day! I have to spend them wisely!If it comes between Chicago Gyros and more mainstream options for fast-casual dining, I'd give it a second chance. But if it's between this and other Greek kitchen, I wouldn't give other places a second thought.
5	Oh, God Almighty. I thought I found a good gyro place (see previous review), but then I found this place, and I must say I am ashamed of my previous review! This place is the tits! Much better! The only drawback is that the gyro is HUGE, and I literally take half the gyro meat off and save it for later. I haven't tried anything besides the gyro, but the pictures of their entrees look promising. I just can't get over my love of the gyro to order anything else. Yum.
4	Love this little mom and pop restaurant!The gyros, falafel, and chicken shwarma are all very good. Veggie plate is pretty impressive too, comes with a little bit of everything. The portions are HUGE (I can split it into 3 meals but I'm also a girl) and I love the way they dress the pita with all the sauces and toppings. Beware: if you hate raw onions make sure you tell them! I love  onions with my gyro so its no problemo for me.  The falafel isn't dry and goes well with the garlic dipping sauce ( sauce almost has the consistency of hummus). Get an extra side of this, worth the 50 or 60 cents. Also had the chicago dog and it was delicious. Keep in mind I've never tried the real thing so I don't have a comparison but it was tasty nonetheless. Skip on the chili cheese fries, you can go to Del Taco for that. Other things to note:There is very little space to sit and it's kind of cramped so you may want your order to go.Also Midwestern students get a discount here so bring your ID!!
4	Great portion sizes for the price.  Buy one gyro or dinner plate here and you got food for 2 meals.  The food is decent, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.  I come here mostly because its convenient.Value = 3 starsTaste = 2.5 stars+1 star because they give a discount to students from Midwestern University
4	The owners are fantastic!  Super friendly!  The Gyros are very good.  I would definitely come here again.  HUGE and the taziki sauce is yummy too!  Its all about the sauce!  Pitas were soft and squishy, just how I like them.  Keep it up Chicag Gyros...  I'm a fan!  I selected "not good for groups" only because the place is very small... not many tables and I think they are all two person tables...
4	All foods are tasty and good portion sizes.  It may not be as good as other Greek/Gyros places, but it hits the spot every time I have cravings for it!  A very small place to eat-in, but great for take out or somewhere to stop for a quick bite.  It seems to be a family owned franchise and the owners are super friendly and nice!  10% discount for MWU students.
4	Great food and quality. Great service. Good prices.Meat was fresh and the bread was much better than Pita Jungle.No A/C- so don't look to eat here in the summer.
4	Literally a strip of space in the complex but totally worth walking into. The food is clean, tastes fresh and satisfies every taste bud. I was very happy to be eating their food, couldn't stop talking about it even after I had finished. :)
4	The portions a very generous and the food is right in line with what you would expect from a small Gyro shop.  The sauce is surprisingly generic consider the two people working seem to be authentically Greek.  But their Fries are perfect for me!  Crispy and seasoned, so good.The building is a dive but if your craving a gyro stop by.
4	We stumbled upon this place around 8:15 on a Monday night.  It's AMAZING!  Friendly service, casual atmosphere, delicious food, huge portions, and it's all reasonably priced.  We ordered the #13 gyros pita and the #1 gyros plate.  Everything was tasty, fresh and hot; the meat, rice, sauce, pita, etc.  We'll definitely be back and encourage everyone to check this place out.
4	We found this little hole in the wall by accident. We were in the area looking for something to eat and saw the sign Chicago Gyros. It is a small restaurant that is family run. I had my standard order of a Gyro and fries. The gyro was delicious. It was overstuffed with meat and fillings. They generally don't fill me up but this one did. The fries were your standard fast food type of fries, they were hot and they were crispy. I don't go for gyros worrying about the fries. The owner and I believe his daughter were very friendly and helpful with the orders. The food was served quickly and was the right temperature. I enjoy dealing with locally owned places and this is one I will be returning to.
3	I mean, I thought it was okay. I wasn't wow'd by any means. I had the gyro pita, and it's honestly just mediocre. There was way too much meat (sometimes it's a bad thing!) in the sandwich, and the tomatoes tasted kind of old. The meat was also burnt at some parts.
