5	I found so many cool treasures at this place.  They not only have antiques but tons of Home Decor and everything in-between.  My wife and I like to stop by whenever we are in the area to see all the new items the vendors have put out...always find something different.  They also do a great job of getting lots of different home decor items for the different seasons.  Christmas this year was insane, tons and tons of stuff!  Oh and don't forget to grab a "gourmet hotdog" at Pittsburg Willys inside the store....all I can say is...."one of the best freakin hotdogs I've ever had!"
3	This antique marketplace was pretty cool, but there were a couple really frustrating things about it.  First thing would have to be the occasional flea market outside.  I don't understand why you would have an event that is intended to bring more people out, but then eliminate a HUGE chunk of the parking to accommodate said event.  The other thing is the purchasing/holding procedure.  There is one line where you purchase items, and that same line also has people putting things on hold.  They give you a ticket for the items you are holding so you can do more shopping and then come back and buy it later.  It's a nice gesture but it makes things go from bad to worse very quickly.  The store itself is very large and very eclectic.  You will find a lot of different things, with something to suit everyone's taste.  Their is the prerequisite booths full of old toys that no one wants, the one containing rusted kitchen gadgets and tools, and then of course the booths with an unhealthy number of salt shakers and figurines.  The rest of the stuff was fun to look at, but nothing really looked special.  This was an okay antique mall, but it just wasn't really noteworthy.
3	We went here for the first time on Saturday and were pleasantly surprised. There is a lot of stuff in here and the range is huge. I was expecting to see the usual junk which they had and so much more...I will be back to see how frequently new inventory is added...
4	Great selection...must be over 150 antique vendors in this Marketplace. We spent hours going up and down all the aisles searching for treasures. Was tons of fun, and will definitely go back again in the near future!
4	-Friendly employees. Needs check-out to be quicker.-$3.00 hotdogs at the snack bar, which smelled really good.-A few Shabby Chic booths.-Way cool salvage yard on the outside with more stuff.-During their Flea Market event, which covers half of the parking lot with NO parking. There are NO spots down the side streets, no spots behind the building. Be aware of this if you attend one.-Most of the "antiques" were mostly recent collectibles, not so many antiques as I find at other places.-There was a huge booth with all sorts of bead supplies.-A diverse variety of primitive, shabby, collectibles, and a neat antique booth in the far back corner with victorian boots and millinery, stuff that looks like it should be in a museum.-Clean restroom (only 2 stalls).-Fairly large place.-Parking spots are not made for cars larger than a compact vehicle.
5	HOW CAN YOU NOT GIVE THIS PLACE 5 STARS?I have been to many many antique shops in a lot of different places and honestly, the sheer size of this place alone should earn it at least 4 stars for the selection. I have a feeling that the people that came here and rated this place low didn't find what they were looking for or something, because I can't for the life of me understand why you would give less than 3. This place is probably best seen in small doses, because it is so large that the entire experience is rather overwhelming. I didn't have the time though to come back another day since I was only visiting. I went through this entire place and it took me several hours to do so, and I was really impressed by the amount of vendors that had what I was looking for. The prices on some things were really great too. I loved that the staff came by and grabbed things from me to put up front so that I didn't have to carry everything around all day.
4	I enjoyed the visit when we came. A very well laid out antique mall. We came to find out where The Beaderie had moved to and found that they selection was quite good.
4	After eating a hotdog at Pittsburgh Willy's Gourmet Hot Dogs And More and chatting with the owner about how we both miss Yuengling from back east... I had to walk around and look at all the neat things for sale... I love old things I ended up walking around for an hour this place is huge... I am an antique junky it was really fun to see some cool things... But in all I felt most of the items were over priced but it's still fun to look... I will go back for sure to walk around and take a trip to the past.
3	The main reason we come here is for Pittsburgh Willy's! Enough said on that for now...Any way's while waiting for perogies to cook, or to walk off that Gourmet Hot Dog - we have spent a few walks around the Antique Marketplace.Love the charm of the place itself. Stylish for antiques, love to admirer some of the artsy type stuff!Love the M&M display area!Love the outdoor area with all the old time stuff that needs some TLC.Prices are high on a lot of the merchandise. Sad too - since it seems like a lot would be sold if prices were lower. But it is fun to look at some of the neat stuff.Over all the place is nice, but has a tendency to smell moldy or just not well ventilated.We will come back for the Hot Dogs and Perogies - but not necessarily for the Antique area itself.
4	*Friendly employees who will help take your purchases and hold them for you in the front.*Pittsburgh Willy's is on site*Outdoor selection makes this place even bigger*Awesome old print advertisements are only 6.95, good idea to frame and put up somewhere.Some cons*Many items are overpriced but sometimes you can spot a good deal*Some of the selection is more 'recent' itemsJust when you think you are done, there is more to look at this place is so big. There is a middle section filled with new purses that are not antiques and a beaderie.
4	My favorite antique mall in the Valley just happens to be five minutes from home, so I am a frequent browser. I have found some steals though and it always pays to check in regularly as stuff is always changing. This is one of the only antique malls I can say that you could actually stumble across JUST the thing you were looking for. The staff is wonderful and everything smells like Pittsburgh Willy's! Perfect place to go on a hot summer day.
5	Discovered them when I was at Auto Pro having work done on company car and had to wait for a bit. Cute store, nicest employees that seem to enjoy and love what they do. Interesting, well organized antique store which can be challenging. Spacious and clean. Can't wait to go again.
5	WHEELCHAIR FRIENDLY STORE....nice wide aisles and friendly personell to help you. The store is clean and you won't find junk at this store. You will find nice clean antiques and collectibles. The prices are competetive with always a treasure to be found. It's a bit of a drive for me, but well worth the trip.
4	Nice place but beware of ANTIQUES ON WALL STREET booth.  We purchased a desk from this woman's booth (they called her to bring keys) and she said that she was selling it for a friend of many years.  She said she didn't know the friend's husband who owned the desk when we asked her if he smoked.  The desk reeked of smoke or cigar smoke.  Later I found out when i went to the restroom she told my SO when he asked if she would lower the price that she couldn't as she was selling it for the friend who needed the money to paint and recarpet because her husband smoked!!  I called and left messages to talk to her about it 2 times with no return call.  5 weeks later and several treatments of vinegar, baking soda, etc. and we were able to bring it into the house.THe desk was decently priced but the smoke smell was awful!!  I know I had the choice not to buy it but she did lie when we purchased it.That lie alone will negate any business i would do with her again.  She should be ashamed of lying to make a sale.  It discredits her as an antique dealer.
5	I love the layout of this store! The aisles are clean, set up in a classy fashion, and it even has a little eatery! (the eatery is pricey hot dogs, don't go.) It's mostly furniture, so it's excellent for remodeling your room! The only thing is that you make sure you inspect every facet of the furniture, because it's definitely buy as-is. It also has an outdoor section for salvage, or "overflow", but it's generally not as good as the indoor stuff. The staff is very friendly though, and I definitely will keep shopping here.
5	I've been to many antique malls and antique stores and thrift stores and consider myself a natural born picker.  Call me a self proclaimed authority but don't quote me on that. I really like Merchant Square Antique Marketplace. A previous review mentioned the smelled musty or moldy and had poor ventilation. I wouldn't trust an antique store that didn't have that smell! It comes with the territory and honestly it's not something I've noticed at this establishment. I've only noticed the great hot dog smell from Pittsburgh Willy's, the on-site eatery.The place is easy to find and there is plenty of parking. The staff has ALWAYS greeted me upon entering the building and have been extremely helpful and informative. They are nice people with a professional demeanor but not snobby. A few people have also mentioned that the check out time should be faster. In my opinion you are purchasing a little piece of history and possibly making an investment. Antiques are all about time so take the time to enjoy the purchase and take comfort in the fact that your selection is aging while you are waiting to pay for it therefore increasing it's value. There is a good mix of items here and it can be very overwhelming but the booths are nicely laid out with clear definition and the aisles are clear and large. There are some reproductions in here and some newer stuff but that comes with the territory. If you love antiques you should be educating yourself on the hallmarks of items anyway and employing the old "caveat emptor" here or any other antique mall or establishment. There are bargains here and items are routinely put on sale. If you spot a piece you can't live without but it's out of your range you should ask the folks at the front desk to contact the vendor to see if you can negotiate the price and/or make payments. Take your time when you visit this place and enjoy it. It's part museum and part  store and a great place to find unique gifts and pieces and don't forget to have lunch while you're there as well!
4	I just went to Merchant Square for the first time today. There are many knick knack and glass items as well as clothing, linens, toys, furniture and outdoor items. The store was clean and most items were well presented.A couple of notes that dropped it down 1 star:I saw very few of the actual vendors and those I saw did not approach me. (The store employees were friendly and helpful when asked. A man man approached me to take my items up front for me (I appreciate that)). A few of the sales spaces were just too crowded! I didn't feel safe going in to take a look. I think these folks would sell if they kept less out and were around to interact with clients. All in all a very nice store. I got a beautiful vaseline glass fruit bowl for only $18!
4	When my fiance said she wanted to go antique shopping, the look I responded with must have been equivalent to the face I'd make if she told me she wanted to go recreational cactus hugging. Needless to say, I wore my skeptical spectacles.A few hundred dollars and a full car trunk later, I was very happy we went. We found some extremely unique pieces for our new home. I'm not sure that we could have gone with too much of an agenda, i.e. "need yellow vase" but maybe you could. We acquired some "vintage/retro" pieces rather than valuable antiques. But then again my knowledge of antiques is little to none. My visit was highlighted by a visit to Pitsburgh Willie's for a hot dog before we left. Go check out my 5-star review. It'll sweeten the pot on a trip to Merchant Square - I promise!
4	I have been here a few times. This place has a lot of neat and some oh well neat stuff. For the person who has the hankering to reminisce this is the place.
4	Great place to kill some time and search for that long lost childhood memory.Not as big as the brass armadillo but still worth a look see. Know your prices and just have fun.
4	Wow, this is a big Antique store.  I don't know what took us so long to drive out to Chandler to check it out, but we were happy that we did.  We spent over 3 hrs in this place looking at all of the booths and items.  It's a well organized store with plenty of room to see all of the booths and great lighting so you can see what you're looking at.There's a section where the small collectibles and jewelry are located.  The Better Half found a Silver bracelet and ring.  I spent most of the time looking at all of the collectible stuff.If you're hungry, there's a Hot Dog restaurant inside the store, so you can have a quick bite.  Next time, I will give it a try.For those of you who have to wait around for a spouse to do some shopping...there's plenty of comfortable chairs and sofas where you can wait.They also have large, flat-bed carts for taking big items out to your car...very convenient.Overall, we were very impressed with this store.  We'll be back soon.Return Factor - 98%
4	LOVE this place!!! Very organized and but prices are mid to a bit high - depending on what you are looking for.  Take your time to go through to find the bargains. I like the diversity in items from manly stuff to frilly girl stuff to retro come back type of garb.  I will be definitely be back because of the organization of a place with so much in it and all treasures you could find within.
4	I love this place! Especially the outdoor section. So many fun finds and it changes all the time. I have found so many great things here. My only complaint is the prices. They are, at times a bit out of line.
3	This place is a hoarders paradise!It's a good thing this place is so huge because these items are NOT priced to sell.  They are priced to sit and collect dust.  I liked walking around and looking at everything but it was pretty overwhelming because its so large and every nook and cranny is packed with craperola.  I did enjoy looking around but there aren't enough hours in the day to see everything.
1	Okay. I get not all "antique" stores are going to be full of gems. i get that they often lean towards the thrift shop end of the scale. And you know what? I'm okay with that, especially when the prices are good. Here, I picked up a good-size glass jar, full of old matchbooks, and had myself a good LOL at the $45 price tag. The fact that the jar was hermetically sealed with clear tape (lest any hooligan snag a matchbook or two) should have been a heads up. A truly disproportionate number of booths were full of crafty Michael's castoffs, including but not limited to cheap beading supplies and down-home faux-aged hand painted signs bearing cheesy phrases. Maybe this just reflects the location, as Chandler is a quasi-suburban post-apocalyptic wasteland. Last I checked, Chandler boasts both Michael's AND Hobby Lobby, so one would think the market is saturated.Alas, perhaps I am spoiled by the richness of antique/junk store shopping "in the city", but I really fail to see how this qualifies as an antique store. There are way too many other wonderful spots in the Phoenix area, don't waste your time here.
4	This a great Antique store. The prices are a little high, that's why I only gave 4 stars. Has a wide variety and stuff changes out every 5-6 months or so. This place is one of our favorites to go to!
5	This place is as good as it gets.The have several boutiques and enough chic and shabby furniture to ooo and ahhh at. The store is pretty clean and the staff was all very nice. It is definitely one of my favorite places to go. They have a lot of really neat furniture some all the way back to early 1800's IT is literally my girlfriends dream come true. She couldn't get enough and was so excited to take her mom and all her sisters.
5	What a great place to shop!!  This is not just an antique store. They also sell home decor, jewelry, collectibles and other items as well.  You could spend several hours shopping there and still not see everything.  My 16 year old daughter even likes to come with me.  She always finds something completely unique and personalized as gifts for her friends.  I have read some of the reviews stating that the prices are high and although I have seen a few things on the high-end, I think the majority of merchandise is priced fairly.  It is always clean and the staff is super friendly.  I love this place!!
5	This place is a wonderful way to step back in time & treasure hunt. I live about 45 minutes away and made it in two times already this week- they had a whole new set up and even more variety just 3 days later. They have a great mix of upcycIed and original vintage items and antiques. I just can't seem to stay away! The customer service here is superb, the whole staff is helpful and will go out of their way to help you find what you need. I highly recommend it!
4	This is actually a really neat and properly put together vintage store. It is HUGE! and has many different vendors. They have a very large inside area that has different themes to it; some fine dishes, jewelry, clothing, and other parts that have trinkets, woodwork and decorations. I like that there is also an outside area that has shabbier items and older things. The only thing that I don't like is some of the pricing. It is very expensive compared to other vintage shops I've been to. Sometimes I will even browse here at their limitless supply of items and go find it online for WAY cheaper!  One wise tip when shopping here, if you see it and like it, BUY it, because it won't be there for long :)
