1	I was just discussing the upcoming summer concert season with a Chicago Yelp guy.  I mentioned the pickings this summer and how I'd likely not be spending a lot of $$ this summer.  I told him, "At least you have Jam Productions in Chicago, so you have some competition."  He then reminded me of the proposed Live Nation/Ticketmaster merger.Eek!No matter what BS Live Nation tries to cram down our throats about how great this would be for the average concert goer, I'm not convinced.  I guess if you like Miley Cyrus or whatever the latest flavor of the month is, or if you like your latest prepackaged classic rock/oldies shows, then by all means the Live Nation/Ticketmaster merger will benefit you.  But what about the rest of us?  What about those of us who want something else besides bands still coasting on their hits (or hit) of 30 years ago?  What about those of us who don't want to shell out over $100.00 a ticket for the umpteenth Eagles reunion show.  And yes, the Eagles were the first band to charge over $100.00 per ticket!So let's take a look at what Live Nation is offering us at First Niagra Pavillion (that's the Star Lake Ampitheater for you old-timers) in summer 2010:   http://www.livenation.com/venue/first-niagara-pavilion-ticketsLet's see:  1) Styx with Foriegner;2) Lynyrd Skynyrd God & Guns Tour w/ Bret Michaels of Poison & 38     Special ;3)  Iron Maiden 4)  Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and Drive-By Truckers (that one would probably be good)5)  John Mayer (I used to like him, now he creeps me out)6)  Jimmy Buffett and the Coral Reefer Band (Man, how many times do YOU wanna hear "Margaritaville" over and over?).7)  Kings of Leon (okay, this one might be good).Whatever.  I'm getting to the point now where I'd rather see some indie act at a small club or theater for a lot less $$.
4	The staff is great! Met a few of them while working at a restaurant in Station Square and all of them were some of the nicest people I ever met. Years later I still go through them for concerts because they have the best customer service. Will support them just for that.
