4	"Contain yourself" is their slogan but there's more here than just containers. Organizers for desks, wrapping paper, shelving and even a large section of travel stuff like suitcases and passport wallets and three ounce squeezy tubes so you can still bring your shampoo on the plane! Huge selection of Christmas wrapping paper.Lots of the stuff is crazy expensive. $200 for a shelving unit? Holy cow! But there are a few bargains to be found. I picked up a nice glass jar for under $10 and a weekly pill case for $4.Service is excellent and they'll be more than happy to help you figure out how to solve your storage issues.
5	Being a type A personality, neat freak & (clinically undiagnosed) OCD, this store is perfect for me!  While the place has been at Southpark Mall for a few months now, I just went for my first visit yesterday.Areas are neat, organized, signed & priced well.  They have a lot of the common organizational brands such as Rubbermaid & Umbra (two of my favorites).  The departments are well laid out - i.e. "office", "kitchen", "closet"...The prices seem pretty reasonable for the majority of items; however, some things I picked up seemed a little overpriced for what it is.Employees are in sight, friendly & helpful.Another element I love with shopping is the "buy online, pick up in store" option. They also have a kiosk inside the store where you can do the same.I have already made my "wish list" online to purchase in store, soon.
4	Is this seriously happening?  Someone created a store based on nothing but storage and organization!  Everything you need is right at your fingertips.  I cannot wait to make it back to this little gem after purchasing my first house.  Who knew storage could be so rad?!?
3	I think we stopped into the Container Store shortly after they first opened (replacing the Joseph Beth Booksellers store). One thing you can say about them is that there is no false advertising in the name: The store offers containers. Containers in every shape and size, for just about anything you can imagine.Unfortunately for most of us (and ultimately, for them), just about everything you may need on a regular basis can be found elsewhere - say at a Wal-Mart - for a good deal cheaper. Sure, there are fancier containers here, and special containers and whatnot, but when you are buying shoebox containers, why pay 50% more for each when you are buying dozens and they are going to sit in your closet?As to service, the web site actually has better service than the store. I don't think a single person in the store said so much as hello while we were there. We have ordered online, and even had problems (cracked lids and such) - a call to the service line results in a shipped replacement in no time, without so much as a question, and no need to leave the house or even put on pants. Nice.
5	No, I cannot possibly contain myself here as the signs suggest. The selection is positively endless. Any possible way you can imagine a box or general container looking you will find it here and for a relatively decent price.Looking for a new closet organization idea on the relatively cheap? They've got racks, mounts, drawers, hooks all for decking out the inside of your closet to be more user friendly. How about that garage. Is it a wasteland of junk piles just looking for a wall to call home? Any way you can imagine to hang a bike, sports gear or just about anything you've ever wanted to get off the garage floor they present the choices of a lifestyle here. And if you're looking to travel soon they've got bags ranging from tiny to huge with a variety of uses.The obvious container items aside this store has a lot of great stocking-stuffers if you're already shopping for Christmas. A personal fav of mine is the things by the check out that you didn't know you needed until you saw them. Sewing and first aid kits that fit in the pocket? Sure! Bag clips and cord wraps? Useful! Echoing the words of Angie P., this is heaven for the obsessive compulsive.
4	I can't exactly say that I was excited when the wife wanted to go check out the Container Store.  Apparently, we need some organization in our lives and it was time to get it done.  You can definitely get lost in this store as they have too many items to count.  They have products for every room in the house and for any need that one would have and even some needs that would not be obvious.On this visit, we netted a small storage filing box, a spice rack organizing thingy, some kind of dusting contraption and a wall mounted hanging closet organizer.  All in all, I was impressed with my first visit and I am sure that there will be more to come.The staff was friendly and knowledgeable in all aspects container.
1	Container store was great when they first opened but the staff now appears to be either busy or just way too snooty to wait on the commoners. I remember Caitlin designing a closet for us when they opened when we went back she was gone replaced by some cranky woman who was just bored to be there. What happened ? Not going to buy overpriced shelving from unfriendly people just marking time. Sorry they apparently ran off their young friendly employees.
4	Is this not the best store?!  They have containers for everything, some so cute that you would buy it and find something to go in it!The store is well lit, wonderfully organized and the staff is friendly and very helpful. I went in to to browse and kill time, but had to drag myself out to keep from buying things I did not need.  This place is a neat-freaks dream!
4	Located on the Barclay Downs side of Southpark Mall (stop by California Pizza Kitchen for a salad to re-fuel) is a big box store full of big boxes.  And little boxes.  And medium boxes.  Mesh boxes.  Plastic boxes.  Etc.  If visiting during prime dining hours, be aware that this is near the food court, CPK, McCormick and Schmick's and City Tavern, so parking can be a bit of a stress.  In a new home with minimal storage, I came to The Container Store after visiting their website to see if I could find some storage solutions, as well as a new container to keep the cat food fresh so picky #1 and picky #2 wouldn't stop eating their food half way through the very expensive bag.To store the quilts that my mother has so lovingly made for me, I found a natural fiber woven looking laundry basket to put next to the fireplace full of quilts for colder days for $40.  I also found a cute plastic pet food container with paw prints painted on for $10.  I do think that some of the prices here are a little high, while some are average.  A couple of things that I saw seemed like great solutions to storage issues, but while perusing another website for a big box store, I was able to find similar items for slightly lower prices, and when you couple that with the 20% coupons that are continually sent, the other place was a better bargain.  However, if you are wanting higher end items, just like spending more money, or need perhaps unique items, The Container Store is the place for you.  I very much enjoyed browsing through the aisles getting ideas.  I took some pictures of some items, so I will return when motivated to complete my next organizational task.
