4	Coming here won't make you dread going to the dentist! It's a beautiful, clean building staffed with the nicest people. I've been coming here for years and definitely recommend Reimels Dentistry.
5	Let me start this review by saying I'm terrified of dentists. As far as I'm concerned they evoke a terror usually reserved for big toothy sharks in bloody water. So when it became obvious my toothache was not going to get any better it took me a few days to work up the courage to search for one. I did some checking and knew I wanted a dental office that offered sedation dentistry, and of course one that was trustworthy. I Binged, Googled and checked various sources (including Angie's List) then made an appointment with Reimels Family and Cosmetic Dentistry. They had a good reputation and offered sedation.I spoke with them and they got me an emergency appointment for later the same day. I went in and once shown back was really just trying to focus on not making a run for daylight, or doing something equally embarrassing. Once Dr. Miller came in he got to work setting me at ease while asking a few questions about my history. Afterward he did a quick check up and a few xrays then informed me (and frankly I'm impressed I handled it so well) that a root canal was in my immediate future. Knowing how well I don't do when it comes to dentists he immediately went right back to work making me feel at ease (and even making me laugh once or twice).After discussions with him, during which time he very patiently answered all my questions and then some, I decided maybe (just maybe) I could do this without sedation. He assured me if I got to the office and felt I couldn't actually do this without sedation we could reschedule at that time (as it takes longer and is a bit more involved). We made an appointment a few days later and he sent me home with some prescriptions to help manage pain until then, plus antibiotics and everything else I needed. I liked this as it allowed me to be totally ready before the day came, so I wouldn't need to go to the pharmacy afterward.Fast forward to the procedure itself. Everyone was phenomenal! I was made very comfortable (the Reimels facilities are almost spa-like, by the way.. clearly designed around not being 'clinical and intimidating'). Dr. Miller made sure I felt almost nothing during the procedure and while I can't say it was even remotely pleasant it was also not the horrible experience I was bracing for. Every time I indicated I was starting to feel pain the doctor stopped to numb the area more before resuming.Once the procedure was finished they gave me the option of a temp filling and going home right away vs. waiting approx. 90 minutes while they fabricate what they need to rebuild and seal permanently. As long as I was there and numb I opted to wait and was made very comfortable. At one point during the wait I was just reading my kindle and actually tapping my feet to the music I had been blasting earlier, and was now listening to at a more normal volume) to drown out the drill. Now that was a surprise when I caught myself doing it - relaxing and tapping my feet to music just minutes after a root canal while I waited for 'round 2', go figure. In total it was a few hours, including the wait for the fabrication, but true to the doctor's word by the time I left the clinic I was worlds better and more or less back to myself. Since arriving home I needed only limited pain meds, which is another plus. It's also very much worth noting that because of the above Dr. Miller actually ended up saving me several hundred dollars on the final cost vs. what I had been advised the total cost would be.All and all I'd say I've found a new dentist.
1	the dentists are wonderful...the staff and billing people are a nitemare. If it wasnt for the fact that payment in full is demanded before you even walk in the door, I would stay because the dentists are that good. I believe the staff must be incentivized to collect money.
1	I went to this dentist to get a second opinion on a root canal that was still causing me horrible pain not only in the tooth but in my entire face.  I walked in in tears and left the same way.  The dentist that looked at my tooth told me that in his expert opinion I needed to "suck it up" and just give it a couple more weeks and see if it felt better, he then went on to tell me when I questioned his advice was that he went to one of the top dental schools in the country and who was I to question him.  Come to find out that not only was my tooth cracked but the endodontist who had given me the root canal had caused trigeminal neuralgia.  The tooth needed to be extracted and I am now suffering with severe face pain and taking medication that has not very pleasant side effects. The arrogance and misdiagnoses of this dentist makes me recommend that you stay clear of this practice.
1	left practice and found another dentist in town who has given us EXCELLENT care but has not taken advantage of us......my husbands cavity, which was going to cost $933.00, cost $213.00 and they allowed us to pay it in two payments. Cost isnt everything but their attitude about money was ridiculous.....they refused to put my husbands veneer on until every penny was paid off--several weeks ago the temporary fell off, and when we called, we were told they would not see him until the balance was paid in full(mind you we had already given them several thousand dollars).I explained that I had been laid off and we needed a payment plan and they refused. I contacted dr miller and while he was horrified, he is not the practice owner and has no control over billing issues. ironically, at my hubbys last visit, since we had no balance due, it was the first time we did NOT receive a treatment plan. treatment plan =bill.if Dr Miller goes elsewhere, we would follow. yes, its a big, beautiful office, they are wonderful doctors but to be turned away for a dental emergency is just something I never ever thought I would have to deal with.
1	BEWARE: Our "free cleanings" cost us $235.00We wish we saw the other reviews here on Yelp first before choosing this office.Upon arrival we asked the front desk staff, "Do you take our dental insurance?" We also mentioned that our insurance provides free yearly cleanings.  The receptionist replied, "Yes, we take that insurance".   Then we were billed a total of $235 for cleanings (No other work was performed.)Once we received the bill we contacted the office and brought this to their attention. We were told we do take your insurance but you are out of our network. Something that is of extreme importance because being "Out of network" turned our free cleanings (which we had at other offices) into a $235 charge. But it seems taking the card and making a photocopy of it was possibly what she meant by "taking our insurance".Yes the office, dentists, hygienists, etc are all nice and do good work BUT telling patients that they take their insurance, waiting until after the services are performed and refusing to reverse the charges due to their error makes it very difficult for us to recommend Reimels Family and Cosmetic Dentistry of Huntersville.We truly wish we did not have to write a negative review (as you can tell by our positive review history) but wanted to prevent this from happening to others in the future.
5	My family has been going to Reimels Dentistry for 3 years now and we love them! We've had positive experiences with a welcoming staff. They are really great about getting you treated (if needed) the same day as your cleaning so that you don't have to reschedule and come back. I'd highly recommend them.
