4	I am a huge fan of shopping off-price places like Filene's, TJ Maxx, Marshall's, and Burlington Coat Factory.  Yeah there's a lot of crap.  Yeah, there's a lot of stuff that has been picked over.  But every so often, I find that one item I've been looking for.  I recently bought a nice Polo knit shirt for my husband and no one can tell that I didn't buy it at Macy's.I like this location because it's Downtown and I can shop on my lunch hour.
2	So here's my story, I went into  this branch of Burlington Coat factory on a Saturday morning when I was in town for a conference. It was 10:15 and I had to be at a panel at 10:30 (so I was in a hurry). I needed to get a pair of jeans because  the ones I had packed were damaged. I found what I was looking for and as I left the dressing room (wearing the item-which I have done at other stores--with no problem), I told the woman that I would pay at the register (keep in mind that I am the only person in the store). SHE WAS AGAST! She couldn't believe that I said that. She said that I absolutely had to pay for the jeans before I could wear them. Keep in mind that I've been on travel and had to wear clothes out of the store before and have paid for them and HAVE HAD NO PROBLEMS.I FEEL LIKE SHE TREATED ME LIKE A CRIMINAL. I was deeply insulted. I remember now why I don't go to Burlington Coat Factory.
5	I love this store. It is always busy and it is kinda ghetto but on a positive note the layout of the store is pretty ok because I still find amazing deals.:)
3	This Burlington is always on and popping. At times I can get annoyed with this store because they never seem to have more than 2 lines opens for checking out. This Burlington Downtown has a better selection of clothes and shoes then it's sister store in North Hills.  Almost anything I need clothes and shoes wise I go to find in Burlington they also have bedding, pillows, toys, purses, scarves you name.  I especially like getting my boyfriend gifts from here because I can I find LRG clothing for way cheaper. A pair of LRG pants can retail for $100.00 and I just don't have that kind of dough. The cashiers are always friendly. Be careful though and try all your clothes on, a lot of things have the wrong size tag on them or just run small, I have purchased to different style pants here each a size 3 and they fit all together different. Trying on your clothes before you buy is a must!!!
4	Stopped here on my lunch today to do a little shopping.  Found a cute little sundress for 60% off retail price.  Found a shirt my husband Rick had been looking for too.  So yeah, coming here is always a gamble and you've gotta sift through a lot.  But occasionally you can find something.
4	I. Love. Burlington! I love the deals and their stylish clothes on the low (!) &  how you can go in looking for anything from a hair accessory to a new set of bakeware and they'll have it!Yesterday I bought a lunch tote that was $7.. i searched reviews for it on Amazon and it was listed at $25.. on Amazon which already knocks off prices.. Seriously a steal!They even have Pirate shirts. I went in to look for one before a game & they're cheaper than I can find from the street vendors. (no sense in paying $20 for a shirt i most likely wont wear outside PNC park)Yes, it does have some off the rocker customers, but you'll have that downtown at an off-price store..
5	It's a Burlington Coat Factory. What do you expect, it's a bit ghetto like at the entrance before you enter but when you get inside the store, it is well maintained and has lots of items. The clothing clearance racks are usually stocked up with stuff for all sizes. The only minor issue is that some of the dressing rooms for the women's fitting rooms don't have locks or don't have mirrors so watch out for that but the rooms are clean and there is always a employee in that section to take care of things.
