5	Saw Toy Story 3 here today.  It's a great little theater with recent movies and the price can't be beat.
3	If you're looking for a cheap night it's perfect. The movie and food combined will cost you under $5 and you'll get to see a slightly older movie.Unfortunately for me, being 6'2", I wasn't very comfortable. The seats are pretty tight and clearly not the same seats as in the regular overpriced theatres.I'd rather pay $10 for a movie, when I go maybe once every week or two, and get high quality sound, screen and comfortable seats.
5	I love dollar cinema. You basically get what you pay for here and honestly the system might not be too great for action packed movies but its not bad either. I always come hit here with a huge group of friends if we all missed a movie while it was opening. And they even play retro movies sometimes. Care to watch Titanic again?
4	Dollar Cinema is ideal if you want to watch a movie on a big screen but you don't want to pay 15$ per ticket. For 2.50$, you get a medium-sized cinema room with fairly comfortable seats. Popcorn comes in small (1$), medium (2$) and big (3$) and all other candy is 1$. It's cheap and although the location is remote, it's enjoyable. My only complaint is that the movie started 10 minutes in advance; because of that, we missed the first few minutes of the film. No big deal, we'll know for next time. Note: there didn't seem to be any interact or credit card machine so bring cash too.
4	The Dollar Cinema feels very much like something "at the bottom of the rabbit hole." At Namur Metro, in some dilapidated shopping mall, you too can partake in $2.50 movie tickets and $1 concessions for movies that have been out for a while now.The entry way strategically uses old couches to create a barrier leading people to the concessions. The guy working the counter, who appeared to be the owner by the way he carried himself, gave us free popcorn since it was our first visit.The theatre is disproportionately large compared to a Cineplex UltraFunGold-Plated Experience, but the sits are sunken. It's reminiscent of a high school play hall, an auditorium even.The movie quality was decent and the overall experience makes you wonder how we have become so complacent with $15 movie tickets.
4	This place can easily be too "grungy" or "outdated" for many a movie goer but if you like intimate, quirky mom and pop shops then you can appreciate the atmosphere and over all mission statement of this family run theater, movies should be affordable for everyone! We went not knowing what to expect but definitely being surprised by how tiny this place is. We had the "VIP" room for the screening of "Sugarman" this room is pretty much a "V" shaped closet, with carpet placed, about 12 seats and a screen pinned up. The owner came in, placed the blue ray in the player, made a few funny jokes and left us to watch our movie. I loved it! Yes its kind of dirty, and a little "ghetto" but thats what I love about it! The service makes up being able to hear the Indian movie playing in the theater next to us. I will definitely return on a regular basis.
3	Dirty,grungy,smelly. Some of the rooms are little better than fire traps,with NO emergency exits! However,if you want to see a movie really cheap,or just feeling cheap,this is THE place. I tend to come here only when I've missed what  I REALLY wanted to see when it was first run. This is essentially for little pockets or budgets; but can be a boon should the movie turn out to be a disappointment,as this sometimes turns out to be the case. Only $2.50 for a lousy movie, better than $13.00 plus tax! All  snacks /drinks $1.00, there are now samosas & cupcakes one can buy as well, but these are $2.00 each.
4	I spent a few days in Montreal and was watching my penny's so thought I would give Dollar Cinema a go. I took the train from down town and managed to find the cinema which is in a grungy shopping mall which is half empty. The cinema is very basic, random but great. For $2.75 I saw a movie in a small room. You could hear the movie in the next room door but considering how cheap the ticket was who cares. A great random adventure to a part Montreal I never would have seen if it wasn't for dollar cinema.
4	Unpretentious, incredible value. Want to see a movie that's been out for a while at an amazing price - and get reasonably priced snacks while you watch? That's Dollar Cinema.(Don't let the name fool you though, movies are no longer $1)The owner is just a nice man who really wants to make you feel welcome and wants you to come back. This is not a 5-star experience as we traditionally define it, but for what is advertises itself to be, it is a great bet. I reward honesty and awesome customer service, and that is more important than the occasional broken chair and sticky floor.Still, to keep it real, 4 stars.
5	Someone should create a "Hidden Montreal" website or list somewhere and this place should definitely be on it!I've known about the Dollar Cinema for years but until last night, never actually went. That's going to change now. Located in the once-booming-but-now-decrepit Decarie Square mall, the Dollar Cinema is on the second floor in the back. It's pretty much a one-man operation, selling tickets, snacks and changing the films for each showing. It's a quirky, unique outfit which is a welcome change from the generic, bland, corporatized Mega-plexes all over the world now. Playing a mixture of first-run films slightly after they've stopped playing elsewhere and art house and retro films, if you miss a film which you wanted to see on the big-screen, this place is your last chance. Of course there's still Cinema du Parc but when it comes to price, you simply cannot beat this place.I hope they stick around for a lot longer. Montreal needs more places like this.
3	If a cheap night at the movies is what you're after, this place will more than fit the bill. Don't expect plush seats, huge screens, IMAX 3-D, or anything more than seats, a screen, and some average snacks. That being said, you could probably do a lot worse regarding cheap dates, so while the outward appearance is janky, there are some good films that run here, and even some foreign choices - just make sure to check the schedule ahead of time because there's pretty much 2 choices at any given time.
