2	I have a pair of Swiss Flex glasses that I needed new prescription lenses.  Come to find out that they have a "proprietary" lens and installation that only one lab in Phoenix has the capability and you have to be an authorized dealer to order.  If I would have know this when I purchased the glasses, I would not have bought the frames.  I spoke with Libby, who was very polite and knowledgeable and decided to go to her store location.When I got to Village Eye Works, I was the only customer in the store and was greeted promptly.  The store is very bright and had a nice selection of frames.  Libby asked me some questions about my prescription and as I was speaking with her the phone rang and she immediately picked it up.... rude.  Since I didn't have another option to order these lenses I went ahead and ordered them.My new lenses will cost around $450 without tax.  I guess Swiss Flex makes sure to support their vendors by only allowing them to order new lenses for customers which also is reflected in the high price.
4	Found this place a couple of years back as they were one of the few dealers in the valley that dealt with the kind of frames that I wanted. Had specific usage for them , e.g, under a bike helmet and I found the consultation knowledgeable and helpful ( not an accusation you can level at their website:) )   I picked a set that only had lenses made at the makers so it delayed getting them to me somewhat but  I was made aware of that so not a big deal.   All was happy for a few months and then the right leg started to loosen from frame,  was able to take it back get adjusted, happened again, then lens came out. Ended up sending back to maker,   all well. Then repeat, the maker Tag Heuer didn't even send back matching stems,  and then they failed again. At this point I was done at  over $800 for the set  I had more trouble and time invested than any prior glasses I'd owned.   The service Tag gives you  on the watches is not matched on the optical side, least not yet. Not a great story but in the end working with the shop Tag replaced frames with  a new model, the store made the lenses and I'm still a happy customer. They answer their phone, return messages when they can't get to it and both stores are staffed by people that know what they are doing and when you have problems will work with you to sort them out.
5	This is the greatest optical shop ever! Bob and Libby are both knowledgeable about their field and expert at fitting and adjusting eyeglasses. They are both personable and helpful to the max! The selection of frames is excellent, and they are so familiar with the inventory that they can immediately pick out a frame that looks good and fits the customer's needs.Thanks, Bob and Libby, for the excellent service!
