4	Tony Roma's isn't an amazing place.  You'll find much better rib joints around.  It's just a typical chain with typical chain food and chain food decor and service.  Nothing offensive, but nothing great either.The thing that kicks Tony Roma's over the 3-star line are the freakin' onion loaves.  Literal, giant loaves of lightly breaded and fried sweet onions that you can then dredge in your choice of sauce.  I like my stuff sweet, so I go for the Carolina Honeys and it's awesome, but they have other tangier choices available.One thing that our pals from down south or out east should know:  This ain't bbq like you're used to.  This is thick, sweet sauce bbq.
3	I've been here and ordered the ribs. They're pretty good. Nothing really stand out. The red velvet cake is pretty good though.
4	Although there are Tony Roma's restaurants all over, my first visit to one was last Monday 2/8/10.As noted in previous reviews, the decor is nothing fancy. My group was seated in the bar section of the restaurant which has raised tables and high chairs and elevated booths along the walls. At least it wasn't all cluttered up with all the fake manufactured quirky decorations like most of these chain type places are. No suspenders an "pieces of flair" on the wait staff.Even though Tony Roma's is "Famous For Ribs" I'm not a real rib fan, so I decided to get a steak.I chose the 9 oz. sirloin cooked medium with a loaded baked potato and dinner salad. The table shared an onion loaf.I was expecting an adequate meal but I have to say the food was awesome.The dinner salad was large with mixed greens, onions, tomato, and croutons. All very fresh and tasted great. I love a good salad. Add a grilled chicken breast to it and it would be a meal in itself. Our salad course was also served with a loaf of fresh baked hot bread and some sort of garlic and herb compound butter which was very nice.The onion loaf arrived next and we dug into it hard. It is addictingly good and we all enjoyed it.The entrees arrived and my sirloin was done perfectly. I don't know what seasonings they use while grilling it but it was one of the best tasting sirloins I've ever had. I could have eaten two. The loaded potato was good but a bit cold- not even hot enough to melt the shredded cheese on top. It wasn't that big of a deal for me though as the steak was so good.Service was excellent. Our waitress was exceedingly polite and helpful with a constant smile who really seemed to enjoy her job- rare to find here in Vegas in my experience. She even put up with the "special order for everything" person at our table.Prices were really reasonable too. My sirloin with potato and salad was $15.95 which I consider a real bargain. I've paid $40-50 for lesser steaks (and that's for the steak alone) at some "celeb chef" restaurants in the strip casinos.I'll definitely be a return customer here.
4	Tony Roma's needs no introduction. This place has been around for years, and prides itself on the reputation of its barbecue cuisine, in particular their ribs.I have been to this particular restaurant several times over the years, and it very rarely fails to please. The employees are always respectful and do an excellent job, and the atmosphere is considerably more intimate that a lot of other casual dining establishments. While they pride themselves on barbecue, the place has a little bit of everything. I have tried a number of their chicken dishes, all of which were very good. During my last visit, I tried the new filet medallions, and they definitely rank as one of the best steak-type products I have tried in a restaurant such as this. They also score points by having potato soup every day and a delicious loaf of onion rings (something I don't even typically eat at other restaurants!) The major complaint I have with this place, though, is that the menu is always changing. I love when a restaurant tries to diversify and bring new items to the table - but as a result, too many old, great items have been removed. I hate getting hooked on something (a permanent menu item no less) and then coming in and finding it has been removed from the menu without warning.But all things considered, it is an excellent casual dining establishment, and has a sense of atmosphere and ambience other casual dining facilities so greatly lack. It is easy to recommend this place.
5	I was amazed at this place when we ate here. The server was top notch and the food was sooo yummy!!!I had ribs & coconut shrimp. It has just enough BBQ sauce on the ribs and the shrimp were so crispy with coconut. They were perfect.Hubby had new york strip w/ baked potatoes. He was very please as well.The drinks we ordered were very good as well. It was Sunday night and the place was nearly empty so we had a really nice time and had our servers full attention. I love that!
4	Enjoyed a quick lunch with my wife; we had Turkey Cheddar sandwich and I had Tony's Tenderloin Sliders, we both enjoyed a cup of their baked potato soup. Just tell the waiter/waitress when you sit down that you are a break only and still get great service and well prepared food, both of us out the door for $24.82 plus tip. Not bad and tasted great.
5	I stopped by on my way home from work because it was on the way; normally I don't frequent the chains.  Having said that this place really impressed for being a chain!!  Robin didn't miss a beat, pricepoints were of fair value, and the mahi pasta dish was AMAZING!!  The dish could've come out of a 4star joint!  I've also had the filet mignon here and it is of outstanding quality & value too!
4	This meal was delicious. I have to say. I went with St. Louis ribs and coconut shrimp. My bf ordered St Louis Ribs with chicken. Baby back ribs were $20. .. um no. Going bk to this place was a big deal b/c my bf & I had a huge almost dealbreaking fight @ Tony Roma's in Albuquerque, years ago. So we stayed away due to trama. LOL. So glad we rose above and rib-loving conquered all. This place was great. I had veggies - delish! and cornbread casserole OMG! so good. it was so good it could be counted as desert. The shrimp came with some kind of orange marmalade to dip it in - with real orange zest tasted so fresh. I loved it. I'd definitely go back. I was wearing the LBD and coudnt eat very much but I did enjoy a great glass of riesling with dinner, it was a great night. Cant wait to go back.
5	Came here again for dinner and had my usual ribs & shrimp..perfect as always. I also had the mac & cheese this time as my side and WOW that is some yummy mac! It had bacon bits all over it..yummy!The service was a bit slow but it was packed so thats to be expected.I love this location!! I always come back..
1	I rarely give a 1 star rating for a food establishment, but Tony Roma's begged for this review.  The hostess was great.  That's where the compliments stop.  We were greeted by a very nice server.  We took our time perusing the menu since we don't eat meat.  For vegetarians or pescatarians, they don't have an extensive list of offerings.  We settled on ordering from their 3-2-1 for $25 (1 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts).  We had the Full Onion for an appetizer.  I thought it was a greasy mess.   I thought it was weird that it came with BBQ sauce for dipping, but it was good.  I ordered the Shrimp Scampi pasta and my partner ordered their Burger without the meat.  The Scampi dish was kinda weird because normally it doesn't come with tomatoes.  It came with tons of diced tomatoes!  I was fairly surprised.   Since my partner ordered a meatless burger, it was somewhat lackluster.  Then came the dreadful dessert.  I ordered the Red Velvet and my partner ordered the Key Lime Pie.  When we got our desserts, we both were very disappointed.  I was appalled with their presentation with the Red Velvet cake.  The frosting looked like it was just dropped on the top and it was messy.   My partners Key Lime Pie was very sad also.  The pie filling was more of a custard.  It was weird to see the filling so runny.  If the food wasn't enough, the service was just bad.  She was sweet but her timing with the foods needs a lot of work.  When we finally ordered the 3 course meal up front, it took 15 minutes for the appetizer to come.  After we were done with that, it took an additional 20 minutes for the entrees to arrive.  She actually asked us what we wanted for dessert when we already told her what we wanted over 30 minutes ago!  After she remembered what we ordered, it took 10 minutes to get there.  When we finished, she was taking her sweet time to punch in our check and we waited about 10-15 minutes after we finished dessert.  I was ready to leave a penny but my partner said she was ok so we gave the customary 20% gratuity.  As I have said before, eating out needs two components to be a good experience:  great service and good food.  This dinner lacked both.  I should've insisted we just went home to eat frozen dinners.  It would have been a better experience.
2	I don't know what happened to this place this time but they were not doing a good job with anything that night. It was Halloween and we arrived about 7. We waited about 5 minutes..maybe longer at the hostess stand with no one in sight. We almost left and went to Applebee's. I wish we would have. Finally get seated and there we sit for another 5-10min before they bring us water. The place was empty. We told her we knew what we wanted before she took off again..and we have a todler so we are always close to a temper tantrum. The food arrived and I had ribs w/mashed & corn,  hubby had  steak & baked potato. My ribs were not very good at all. There was not enough sauce so I waited for our server to come back and check on us and she never did. Hubby had to go and find someone. When the sauce came out it was boiling hot. Very weird. Hubby said steak was ok..not as good as it usually is.  We also had to wait forever for the check. I hope they were having an off night..cuz it will be awhile until I try here again. Which sucks cuz I usually love this location.
3	We received a coupon for a free entree with the purchase of another entree, so we decided to have dinner at Tony Roma's on a recent Friday evening. It was pretty early when we arrived so there was no wait. Our server was quick to take our drink orders... However he never brought out any bread, which was the only real disappointment of the evening. At first I thought that perhaps Tony Roma's stopped serving complimentary bread, but then noticed another waitress bringing some out for a nearby table. We decided to split the spinach and artichoke dip as a starter. My husband went with the mojo chicken which came with rice and broccoli. I had the filet medallions with a half rack of baby back ribs, which came with loaded mashed potatoes and broccoli. I should have gone with a full rack of ribs. After all it IS what they are famous for. The filet was fine.  I requested it be cooked medium, which is was, and it was very tender. The ribs were amazing though. Falling off the bone with just enough sauce. I don't know why I even bother with menus when it comes to Tony Roma's. Next time, I won't! Total damage was $60, including tip, after the coupon. I have had better service at Tony Roma's in the past but I won't let one mistake keep me away, especially if they keep sending me great coupons!
5	I come here almost every week for lunch.  We always use Amy.  I love this place and love their lunch specials.  I feel the server does make a difference but the food is superb.  We still get our salads like they made it 5 years ago and the ice tea is freshly brewed.  If you go there just ask for Amy's Section and tell her you saw my post on Yelp and i know she will take care of you.
4	I've been to Tony Roma's in three different locations and my experience got better and better every time. The first location I went to was inside of a casino on Fremont Street. However, the first time there it wasn't so great as the server was somewhat distracted and the food was just ok (onion loaf was awful). The second location was on west sahara, and that's where I tried their ribs. I like the sauce they use for their ribs. It is barbeque based with a great amount of spicy kick to it. Ribs were little overcooked, as they tasted a little bit too chewy for ribs. Service was good.The third location, the one that's on Stephanie St, offers the best food. The same onion loaf I ordered at the first location was completely different. Unlike the one I got at the fremont location, it was fried to perfection and very crispy. Plus, instead of just regular ranch, it came with the sauce for their ribs. The ribs were much better than the one I had at the second location. Very tender and flavorful, generous amount of sides. My friend got Shrimp Scampi. I tried it and it wasn't good or bad. It was really greasy and I thought the sauce was a little bit too plain. Service was great. Our server was always on top of things, and she was handling good number of tables by herself. If I ever go back to Tony Roma's, I'd go back to this location on Stephanie St.
5	I was back in town recently and Robin was still tending the lunch bar.  Again the mahi pasta and steak were outstanding.  The salmon and shrimp were also excellent!  Service was outstanding and price-points were fair.  I've got no complaints and will continue to frequent this establishment when I am in town!!  Nice job!
5	Great food and great sauces here.  I personally prefer the beef ribs with the Blue Ridge Smoky sauce -- they are the best, most meatiest beef ribs I've ever tasted, aside from The Cheesecake Factory's (which have been discontinued as of this review date).  The baby back ribs are also very good, I like them with the Carolina Honey sauce (that also goes well with the chicken -- any kind of chicken).  Pretty much every item on the menu is good, plus they serve warm bread with the meal...I can't recommend this place enough.Breakdown: I rate it #3 as the best baby back ribs, behind Outback Steakhouse (#1) and TGI Friday's Jack Daniels Ribs (#2).  I rate it #2 best beef ribs after The Cheesecake Factory.
3	Stopping across the parking lot to go to another store, our noses drug my wife and me across the parking lot toward the building emitting such delicious scents. Neither of us had eaten at a Tony Roma's before, but had heard good things, figured we would give it a shot since we were extremely hungry.Opening the doors allowed us to get a full on assault of amazing food smells. This was looking to be a good dinner!The decor was modern, clean, well lit and laid out pretty nice. We walked in, and I leaned against the hostess stand while waiting for said hostess. Five minutes later, in a half empty restaurant, the hostess walked by and said she would be with us shortly. Another minute or two later, we were finally seated.Of course, we got put in the one booth near the bar that did not have a view of the TV, which was a good thing for the wife, for me however, I wanted to watch the World Series. It's OK though, I saw a reflection in a piece of framed art and caught some of the game.It took OVER TEN MINUTES for our server to acknowledge us. We were in the process of standing up to leave when she finally came over and introduced herself. Being that we had so long to wait, we knew what we wanted, placed our orders then she was off. Once she walked away, her co-worker walked by and asked if she got us taken care of, said "she's slow, but she has two kids, gotta love her." Excuse me? We are supposed to sit here as our stomachs try to eat their way out of our bodies because she has two kids and doesn't know how to do her job? The restaurant WAS NOT anywhere approaching busy, let alone slammed. She should be as hungry for tips as we were for dinner being that she has two kids.The menu, of course, made the 3 course special appear to be a great deal with generous portions. It was only 1/3 inaccurate. I will only review my food, as I am sure the wife will post up on hers soon.I ordered the 3 course for $15 with the half boneless wing/chicken finger appetizer, shrimp pasta and the brownie dessert.Following her initial ten minute delay in talking to us, our appetizers came out pretty quick, surprisingly quick even. The chicken was tender, breaded nicely and tasted good.A short while after finishing the appetizers our meals came out, their timing was pretty spot on. Diving into the shrimp pasta, I was one, maybe two bites in before I noticed something odd. Picking away at the dish, I found a sticker in my food, one of those that kitchens use to mark when the food was either prepped or needs to be tossed.We showed it to the server, she was shocked (of course) and kept eating. A few moments later, she said the manager took my pasta off the ticket, which was not really necessary, but an appreciated move.Dinner was done, we were stuffed, but still had dessert to go. Out came my brownie and ice cream dish. Now, the pictures had thick, fresh made brownies, overall a 2-3x larger amount of food than appeared before me. In hindsight, this is probably a good thing as we were STUFFED. I just get frustrated with thinking I am getting a good sized portion and get a small snack instead.Our drinks were only refilled one time during the meal, again, if she has two kids to take care of, provide good service so you get better tips.Finally, the check was delivered. Looking at it, when the manager removed my shrimp pasta, he manipulated the entire ticket so the cheaper items from the 3 course meals were on the wife's 3 for $15 deal, and we paid for the individual, more expensive other items. I understand that the manager is supposed to make money for the restaurant, however, when you have a customer that received food labels in their meal and you voluntarily remove the main course and manipulate the ticket so we pay the same amount as if it was there, that is just... disappointing.We ordered 2 x 3 for $15 meals and one soda. The expected ticket would have been around $35-37. We were charged $31 and change. If the shrimp pasta meal is really only a $4.00 meal, I will be eating there every night!They get 3 stars for tasty food, but lose 2 for the server being very lackluster, other staff making excuses for her lackluster, and the manager making a superficial removal of my dinner from the ticket.
3	It was pretty good and my girl and I used a coupon ;] i got 3 medallions
5	Sign up for their birthday club ahead of time. They'll usually send you a coupon for a dessert or onion loaf and another for a free entree which you don't have to buy anything.Tony Roma's is known for their ribs. And I do love their ribs, their BBQ sauces aren't that bad also. I can't possibly give a Tony Roma's location a 5 star rating can I !? Ok maybe 4.5.  I've been to two other locations around town and so far this is the only location I've always had excellent service. Whenever I go to this location and use my free entree coupon they'll treat me like a regular customer, friendly and often checked on me.  One time they gave me a free bottle of their BBQ sauce. Another time they hooked it up, only suppose to get a free entree, but got everything covered drinks, soups, desserts, and our meals.  At two other locations I was placed in the corner or away from everyone and not checked on so often.If you're not sure what to order I recommend the St Louis ribs sampler.  They'll give you a full rack of ribs and a variety of their BBQ sauces. That's if you want ribs.  But they also have a pretty good chicken salad.Spacious dining area.  I like seating toward the bar area right behind the hostess counter so I can also watch some TV.I don't know if they still have their Tuesday AYCE ribs.
4	I've driven past Tony Roma's many times but never thought to give it a chance.  I got an email from travelzoo for a $39 three course meal for two so I decided to check it out.  I must say I was quite pleased and I will be returning (& paying full price!!).It was four of us who went so we ordered quite a large amount of food.  We had the appitizer sampler to start with. It was gooooood, but lacked flavor.  My husband and I each had a white sangria and it was great as well.  For entrees we had Ribs, the little filet things (I don't remember what they are called), half bbq chicken, a chicken salad, and shrimp scampi (I think that was everything) along with many sides! Everything was very very good.  The restaurant wasn't too busy at the hour that we went, so I think we lucked out there!  The meats were very tender and juicy.We all also shared the dessert trio...and O M G! I was expecting the desserts to be tiny but they weren't.  It was even hard for all four of us to eat all this food.The service was okay.  It wasn't over the top phenomenal and it didn't suck... but I saw every other table got bread with their meal.  Is that something that comes with a certain meal?  Not that I could have eaten it anyway, just curious.I liked it!
5	I've been wanting to come here for a good while now,me and my grandpa finally came here for lunch today.I was most excited to see that they had a onion loaf becuase I love onion strings/rings what ever.So we decided to get a full rack of baby back ribs with the sweet sause its caralina something,it came with two sides we got fries,and mac and cheese,and for a appitizer we got the onion loaf.Bread-They bring you a bread basket thing out with this creepy looken butter,do think its gross by the look because its not! It was very good and it went well with the crispy bread.Onion loaf-They are the white sweet onions wich are my favorite and they were sweet and crunch,just enough batter and it made them taste very good.In the middle of them is the original bbq sause wich is good,but I asked the girl if I could have some ranch.I liked her becuase she said how after work she would take some home becuase that was her favoirte ranch to eat,it made me laugh.Fries-they came on the same plate as the ribs and they were standard but very good,crispy on the outside fluffy on the inside.I dipped them in the hottest sause and in the ranch it was yummy.Mac & cheese-It had little sprinkles of bacon on top of it wich gave it more flavor and good texture.This is the kind of mac and cheese I enjoy the cheese is still gooy and hot and the noodles arnt to soft just right :)RIBS-This is realy what youve been waiting to read about isnt it?Ok well im going to start off by saying im defently getting these again.Personaly I think these are the best ribs ive ever eaten.They wernt fatty and they have very very good flavor,im happy i got the sweet bbq sause with it it complimented the meat well.There not the meatiest ribs in the world but you dont have to fight your way through a bunch of fat eather,wich I think is great.side note)Original-tastes good it has a little sweetness to it it reminded me somwhat of oranges like it had a hint of orange to it.Carolina Honeys-This is the sweet bbq sause i was talking about its very good but not to sweet just right.Tony Roma's Red Hots-This is a little spicy it reminded me somewhat of chilli sause but in a good way !
2	This place only earned two stars because the food is alright.  The service isn't worth two stars.I have eaten at Tony Roma's twice (or attempted to, anyway).  The first time, I swore I wouldn't go back because the food wasn't that great for the price and the service was pretty lacking.  However, today we couldn't pick a place to have lunch and we were right by the restaurant, so we decided to give it another try.When we walked in, the place was pretty much dead inside.  It was about 1 p.m., so we were expecting to find a little bit of a lunch crowd.  Regardless, we waited six minutes at the hostess stand to get a table.  The bartender noticed we were standing there a long time and went to the back and bellowed at someone to come seat us.  Still, time kept ticking on with no one seating us.  By this time, there was a line all the way out both sets of glass double doors.  Waitress after waitress walked by without even glancing our way or assuring us there would be someone coming by to seat us.  Six minutes... I kid you not.  So we left, as did most of the people behind us.  It was insane.  Never again.  Not worth the hassle.
1	Only reason we found ourselves here was their Mother's Day promotion.  Unfortunately, the voucher was unclear of when we could use it but the manager honored the voucher.  Props for good customer service.  Unfortunately, it went downhill from there for me.We ordered the full baby back ribs for $21 which were a smaller portion size than we remember.  We had requested for extra BBQ sauce when we ordered it and had to ask two more times before we got it.  We also ordered the Mojo Chicken for $13 which is their grilled chicken breast with pineapple salsa.  Even with the salsa the chicken was dry and the veggies were soggy.  Our third dish was the pasta with italian sausage for $13.  Oh yes-I-did order pasta at a rib joint and I got what I deserved.  It was served in a red sauce and looked real good and presentable but I would have enjoyed cold spaghetti-o's from the can more than this dish.  It had absolutely no flavor.Brother loves the BBQ sauce which is their saving grace (along with the manager Michael's proper service) otherwise I would've rated no stars if that's even possible.
5	Awesome service, thanks to our server Raul!The Asian manager at swing shift was nice too, he hooked us up with sample appetizers!!!
4	We try to go at least once a month since we have the camp card that gives a buy one get one free entree. Love their baby back ribs! The service is hit or miss depending on your server. I would have to say Danielle was our favorite out of the few we have had. See y'all soon!
4	The only reason i don't give this 5 stars is the prices are a bit high, but actually it's not much different than any other RIBS place.  I absolutely love the RED HOT BBQ sauce.  We come here for our Anniversary every year because we ate at a Tony Romas the night I proposed to my wife.  We love it every time we come.  Also the Brocoli is super awesome, soft, flavorful brocoli.
1	This is not the Romas I remember. The service was poor to start.  The waiter forgot our order for the onion loaf, when he brought our dinner I inquired if we were going to receive the onion loaf at all.  Hubs had the steakhouse burger (the sauce provided was a congealed coagulated brown gravy).  But he says the burger was a 2 star. I had the sirloin steak and mashed potatoes. My steak was ordered medium, it was served well...really well. I sent it back and again requested medium, it was served rare. I declined to have it re-fired since the cooks cook only two temps.  Our onion came while I was waiting for my refire, the onion is cut a lot thicker than I remember, but it was still ok. The hubs had to remind the waiter about our dessert, which was a soggy apple tart - the ice cream was good.  When the bill arrived the onion loaf was still on the bill, even though it was supposed to have been complimentary.  I didn't argue at this point - we just wanted to get out of there. The hubs says, "Tony Romas is worse that Sizzler"....ouch.
3	Most people who know me know that I don't regularly go to chain restaurants but this one is right in the mist of an area where I shop that is close to my apartment and work, so I've stopped in here a few times. Plus, the area is pretty jammed with chain restaurants so sometimes you have to pick the least of all the evils. Usually when I stop in here I've been shopping and am in the mood for protein, wine, and someone else to cook for me. Plus the bar is pretty decent for someone who is eating alone. I've come in here several times and the bartender has always been fairly friendly. I can say that one of the bartenders turned me on to a fairly reasonable priced red wine that I've served to a few people who came over and had great responses. Love when someone can do that for me.The selection here is much what you can expect, steak, chicken, ribs, etc. Pretty typical American food. I've only ever eaten steak here as I'm hesitant of any chain ribs. I am from Memphis after all. The steaks I've had were all cooked well and meat was pretty darn tasty. They do have some healthy side options and you can get all your food cooked without butter and oil, so I LOVE that since typically chain restaurants have some pretty unhealthy food. The atmosphere is pretty quiet and darker. I have to say the prices are pretty reasonable. For the area this is one of the better options and I'm sure you will find me at the bar sometime in the future having a little wine and a steak.
4	Awesomeness in the medium rare steaks service was outstanding and very moist Cajun Mahi mahi.
4	I know there are lots of places to get a good burger, but Tony Roma's has a burger with a couple of my fave toppings - havarti cheese and mushrooms, topped off with one of the signature sauces you can't go wrong. The menu is traditional American without many surprises. The catch here is that the simple food they make tastes REALLY good. I don't recommend the brisket - not if you're used to the smoked-all-day and shredded to perfection kind like I'm used to.
1	I am usually not one to be so harsh in critiquing a restaurant but this place was a disaster from the beginning! The place was empty and they still sat us in a little table all the way by where there was no one. Our waitress was nice but very inexperienced. She took forever to come to our table, when she took our drinks order we had to remind her twice about my drink. We brought a wine to be opened and she sent some one else to open it because she was afraid!! She never brought out bread for us until we asked her to. We all had the ribs which where delicious but the service was so terrible it ruined my whole birthday dinner. Sorry to say i will not be going back to this place, and i have told many people i know not to go there.
1	Why did I come here? This place is a terrible waste of time and worst of all, it was friggin' pricey for the mediocre bullshit I was served. I did order the ribs. I think last time I came here (and swore this place off) I ordered some pasta dish and wasn't at all into it. Are they known for ribs? Because their ribs are blaaah. Someone on here said they were the best he's ever had! .....I'm truly sorry sir. I should know better than to get BBQ anything at any place other than Lucille's. ): Shame on me for being a traitor. My sides were mac and cheese, which was about 85% breadcrumbs that I nearly choked to death on ....and the required cole slaw, which is so disgusting it's unbelievable. Who invited orange zest to this party?? Seriously...My husbands loaded mashed potatoes were obviously very old....they also had a weird hint of sweetness to them. I gave this place another try at the hubs' urging and our need to be in this general area at the time, but this will never happen again. It's awful and boring, and the sad thing is, we saw so many couples here on a date night. What a terrible start to your relationship.
4	I hardly see my folks during the week, even though I live fairly close to them.  So, we have decided to make Sunday nights our time to catch up and gossip about the family.  Good times!  I am also going to let them choose where we go, because I hate playing the let's try something new game with them.  They like places that are tried and true... places they have heard of at least.  So, one of those places is Tony Roma's.  I have no problems with that, as I am not a food snob and I don't care about it being a chain.  Just, as long as the food is decent and we get good service.  Anyhow, here is my review for our experience last night.  And, just in case you haven't read any of my other reviews, my folks love to eat early.  5 pm early!!! - I meet them in the parking lot where there are barely any cars.  So, parking was obviously plentiful. - We make our way inside where we were greeted at the hostess stand.  We were seated right away by the friendly hostess. - I usually head to the bathroom to wash up before dinner.  I can be a bit of a germaphobe.  The bathroom was clean, if that means anything. - I get back to the table at the same time our drink order was being taken and the specials were being read.  And, we were given time to check out the menu.* Side note: I don't know how many other families are like mine but the banter of reading the menu is ridiculous.  A lot of "Oooh! this looks good" and "Did you see this... I'm thinking about getting this"  When in reality, I know you are just going to get some kind of steak with fries or a potato.   - We order... you guessed it.  Steaks with some kind of potato.  Our soup and salads come out.  We were checked up on quite a bit and were told that our steaks were going to take a while.  I figured because, my aunt has to have hers burnt to a crisp.  No sight of red... - Eventually our meals come out and the waitress asked us to cut them open to see if everything is alright.  I like my meat bloody so I have no problems.  My aunt asked them to fire hers up for a little longer.  So, they took her steak back and was brought out again by one of the cooks to make sure it was fine... It was. - Now the part of the evening I hate the most... the silence while eating.  There is nothing I hate more than the sound of food being eaten.  It kind of grosses me out.  Don't judge!!! - The bill came out to 120 bucks for the 4 of us, which consisted of our meals and a couple of drinks from the bar.  We tip out 20%.  I always make sure of it as I have worked in the service industry over my years. - As we were leaving the hostess grabs the door for us and asks us to come again.Overall it was a good night.
4	Where to go on Meatless Monday. ...hmmmm. ..Tony Roma's??  Sure why not! Testing my willpower again.  Im not really a fan of the bigger chain restos or the previously frozen processed foods they serve up. The $7 -  $10 lunch combos is what caught my attention and the strawberry pecan salad that I chose to go with my Eggplant sandwich sounded good and what got me in the door.  Kudos for having good menu selections for those who opt out from having ribs.  It didnt start off on the right foot at first...the soup I chose Chipotle Sausage and Roasted Veggie was sodium laden. After two teaspoons I was so done with it.  When the server brought out my entree though she noticed I barely touched the soup and asked why and I told her it was too salty for me.  She didnt skip a beat and said she'll bring me out another cup of soup, their baked potato one. Gold shiny star for her for being so observant and more than happy to oblige a customer. Eggplant sandwich was okay. I didnt care for the bbq steak sauce they smeared on the bread.  Next time Ill ask for it on the side. The veggies were sauteed enough to where you really dont need that much more sauce for added flavor.  The strawberry pecan salad was refreshing, the fruit in season and just the right amount of dressing was added, so no soggy greens here.  Whew.  3.5 stars for food but rounding up to 4 because their staff at this place did a great job and the prices are real reasonable for families.
1	I was joining my mother as her date to a send off party for one of her co-workers. There were 10 of us in attendance and one of my mother's co-workers was picking up the check for all of the hor d'oeuvres and the non-alcoholic drinks. If we wanted more food, we would be putting that on our own checks. Totally not the issue. The waitress was informed of this right when we sat down. She said it wasn't a problem and that she could split the other checks if she had to. Great. Awesome. Let's get to eating and celebrating. Without even having asked anyone if they wanted to order a full meal, the waitress just started grabbing the menus. Okay. Not a big deal. We just said "Oh, we're not done yet" and she set them down. Until about 5 minutes later when she asked us again for the menus if we weren't going to order. It wasn't the standard "Are you ready to order?", but a "Can I have those menus if you're not going to order?"... Were they out of menus? No... definitely not busy... Did she have somewhere to be? Maybe it was time for her break. Since there was obviously a rush, we went ahead and ordered. Whatever. We were hungry anyway. Might as well order.When the time for the checks to come out rolled around, she let us all know as she dropped almost all of the checks off (including the check with the hor d'oeuvres, there were 4 separate checks), that gratuity was NOT included in the check. My mother and I were the last to receive our check as she didn't have ours with the other 3 for some reason. When she came back and dropped that off,  she told us, again, that gratuity was not included then proceeded to get all of our attention again to make one last announcement to the entire table that, you guessed it, the gratuity was not included. Five times she told us that the gratuity was not included. FIVE.Seriously? We get it. The gratuity was not included. Thank you. We all acknowledged what you said to us the first time when you dropped off the checks. We didn't need one last reminder. We weren't flying in the emergency exit row where you needed us to acknowledge that we understood our duties should there be a water evacuation.It was incredibly awkward for all of us, not to mention tacky on behalf of the server.Definitely won't be returning...
1	Bugs in my salad and vomit in the bathroom urinal. After showing the manager the chef came out and half ass apologized and said he's seen worse. Clearly they have high standards...
3	My 100th Review!!!My 16 year old daughter and I went here a few weeks ago for some ribs. They were good...but nothing that would be featured on "Pit Masters". We shared a Caesar salad to start. My daughter had the Mac & Cheese and I had the potatoes. They were both good but nothing to right home to Momma about. 3 solid starz for A-OK!
4	I have no complaints. Great location. Great service. Had the flat iron with asparagus, bacon and pearl onions for $17. Delish! I recommend the loaded mash potatoes. Not really a potato fan but these were so good!
4	We used to go to the location on Sahara all of the time when I was younger but stopped going because it seemed their food quality was going down and plus now they closed that location.. So when it was my mom's "real" birthday and she said she was craving ribs we decided to check out this location and see if things at TR have improved... It seems they have changed things up a bit here and there.. I feel like the atmosphere of the restaurant has become a lot more casual like Applebee's than I had remembered it to be.. At first it seemed our server was going to be a bit douchey but he got better throughout the meal.. They apparently had a special going on for half off of their half slab baby back rib dinner so we got 3 of those and an appetizer sampler.. They got rid of their potato skins in the dining room so BOOO -1!!!!!! The appetizer sampler tasted like something you could get at Denny's but their ribs were actually really tasty! We ordered so much we had to take a lot home which my boyfriend fully enjoyed later haha... The best part of the meal was my citrus habanero margarita... OMG so so so good! I want one right now!!!!!!!!!!HOT TIP: sign up online to get a discount on your birthday and also to get emailed special promotions that they do~
5	Food is always great and service is excellent!!!!  Always go in there and have a food experience. The chicken spinach stack is my ultimate favorite. They are reasonably priced for the amount of food that you receive. I would recommend it to everyone!
2	I ordered online and was charged almost $40 and received only two items out of 6 that I ordered. Then was told by the delivery driver that there was nothing he could do. Once I asked him to call and please fix this, he told me that I had to wait for another delivery then he would come back to me. I'll never order online again because I do actually like the food... It was just unfortunate and irritating to be charged for something and not receive it.
3	We've been regular customers at this location for over 10 years but last nights exp was probably our last. Our dissatisfaction came over a $2 charge which is unfortunate but was enough to help us realize that we were only coming back out of habit.
3	Birthday dinner for one at Tony Roma's? It's up to $15 off, so yeah, why not?I arrived tonight at the peak dinner hour so that I could finally try this chain out. First impression: where is the host/ess at the front door to greet me? It took a couple minutes for somebody to come out, which was a bad sign. Then it took at least 5 more minutes for my server to show up, by which time I had actually settled on an order and was craning my neck toward the bar area to watch the basketball game.Finally, I got in my order of beef ribs and it took a probably-standard-yet-seemingly-slow-due-to-biasing-events amount of time to get out. The menu describes it as "Grilled bone in short rib, Cabernet demi glace, fire roasted zucchini, yellow squash, red peppers, carrots, loaded mashed potatoes. 18" - you're welcome for not having to click to their web site. I liked the variety of veggies, and the mashed potatoes were okay if a little cold at times, but I was expecting a little more out of the beef. It seemed a little dry, almost like a pot roast on a big flat stick.I really do think they're understaffed though. The whole delay thing continued when the server finally showed up again to ask me how my ribs were. Now I'm not a very quick eater - usually the last of my friends to finish lunch - but even if I was a little bit faster today due to lack of table talk, I should still get a visit before I'm about to take my last bite. Hopefully they read this and maybe hire another person, but I wouldn't hold my breath.Nevertheless, I'll give them three stars on the basis of "I would do it again in a similar situation." I do try to avoid my own two-star locations with the fury of at least half a thousand suns. I'll just have to try something else next time, like their signature pork ribs (duh, Chris).
4	I went for a second ~$15 discounted birthday meal in the late afternoon today. Now I'm bumping up my rating due to a marked improvement in service.Unlike last time, there was somebody immediately posted at the front who greeted me. Also unlike last time, I was helped with my order after maybe just 2-3 minutes. It was actually the employee at the bar instead of my designated server who took my order, but I appreciated that she stepped in when I clearly hadn't been helped. She also suggested the complimentary bread, which I don't recall from my previous visit. And after she brought out the bread, she offered to switch the nearest TV (at the corner of the bar) to a football game.Also of note: my server checked on me multiple times throughout the night and was even so kind as to bring me a mint and a warm wetnap at the end of my meal. I will say that it seemed notably less busy than my previous visit, but the service was more than proportionally better today. As for the food, the bread with butter was decent and rustic Italian sausage pasta was pretty good, although I did add a little salt.After I got my pleasantly zero-y receipt, the manager introduced himself and asked if I was Chris. I responded affirmatively, and he mentioned that he recognized me because he had just sent me a message on Yelp today. Actually, I had read the message and was hesitant to respond to his request for a phone conversation, lest he make some sort of free meal offer. I do feel comfortable with taking the free meal semi-anonymously and of my own accord though, since there isn't any fine print restricting the birthday offer from being used more than once.Give these guys a shot if you're in the area and want a casual restaurant for ribs or Italian, or even a nice happy hour. I'd feel comfortable with coming back.
3	Been here quite a few times and the food is pretty good but the service isn't the best
5	Rolled in for a quick lunch on Black Friday. The bar was empty but the server was very attentive and right there to refill my beer. The lunch burger is well prepared and tasty. Not crazy about 9$ for burger n fries but the service and cleanliness of the facility makes it worth it.
5	I was pretty shocked to have saw the average rating here and reading some of the reviews, compared to my own experience. Haven't been here in a while because it's not really in my area, but when I did live on this side of town I ate here religiously! Well.. mainly because my dad is a sucker for ribs & I'm a sucker for their signature drinks. The atmosphere is casual and the staff was very friendly! Our food came out in a timely manner, I always end up sharing my plate with my sister.. its quite a bit of food.Tony Roma's is definitely MY place for ribs ;) Recommendations:Roma's Sampler, Original Baby Back Ribs, Red Velvet Cake, Agave Nectar
4	I have a love-hate relationship with this Tony Roma's in particular because while I used to be a regular, I quit eating here about a year ago because every single time I hated my meal. Like 4 times out of the last 5. I have a firm "three strikes you're out" rule when it comes to restaurants and this location let me down so many times that I just quit going. The parking lot here is always empty so that should alert everyone to the fact that I'm not the only person who has abandoned Tony Roma's! Fast forward to a year later. My husband gets his "free birthday entree" e-mail and begs me to go for all you can eat ribs night. I don't eat ribs, but he says Tony's has some of the best. Begrudgingly, I agreed to go with him. He ordered the ribs and I opted for the chicken spinach stack. In the past, this spinach stack has been abysmal. Tonight it was pretty good! The chicken breasts were juicy and well seasoned and the spinach stuffing on top was good. It tasted like a frozen and microwaved spinach dip but whatever, this is a chain restaurant and for chain food, it was okay. Hubby said the ribs were really tasty and they were all you can eat. Our waiter encouraged him to eat more, not like some places where they try to shame you into stopping your reorders before you are full; though the kitchen DID pull the "let's-take-a-super-long-time-to-bring-out-his-reorders-so-he-will-give-up" but the joke was on them, we had all night to sit and wait!One major disappointment is that they've taken away their Coke Zero. BOO! The service was great too. So great that we asked to speak to the manager. This location is really cleaning up their act. I'll be sure to go back in a few weeks to give it another try. Here's hoping this visit wasn't just a fluke and Tony Roma's is turning itself around!
4	It was my first time trying Tony Roma's with a friend.  We stopped in for a light lunch mid afternoon.  We decided to belly up to the bar to enjoy our meal.   The bartender there was really great.  She was friendly and talkative! They had a lunch menu with an option for unlimited soup and salad for $7.99.  Fantastic deal!  Plus she informed us that you could change up soups and salads to try their different varieties.   I decided on their strawberry and walnut salad accompanied by the potato soup. The salad was great!  The strawberries gave it a great flavor mixed with the textures of the nuts and lettuce.  The soup unfortunately didn't do it for me.  It was very bland.  It almost tasted like they used too much flour to thicken it instead of cream.   Bummer.    I was full after one serving of each so I didn't get to take advantage of the unlimited.  If my stomach wasn't full, I would've had seconds of the salad but tried a different soup.  The service was good but not great.  I had to flag her down a few times for a drink refill. I do think it was better than an average restaurant hence the 4 stars.  I'll probably give it another try again someday especially with their lunch deals.  :-)
4	This is a great place for lunch or dinner.  Great specials when you want to be price conscience.  Service has really improved over the years, top notch now.  The only reason I dinged 1 star is that the hostess stand person is never at her station and you end up waiting a minute or two to get seated.  I'm not talking about if she's seating someone else but goofing off in back or something.If it's mngt has her doing something else, stop, first impressions count.
