1	This place is the freaking worst! I've been here 3 times, all 3 times they must have overbooked their appointments (THEIR PROBLEM, not the patient's) and I was left waiting as long as 2 hours for my set appointment. The first time, I was directed here for an issue with my TMJ. My husband took me on his lunch hour and continued to wait, even after he was already late returning to work, until we just couldn't wait anymore. We saw that there were still patients ahead of me and just ended up leaving. I think its worth mentioning, the receptionist didn't notice until another half hour later, when my time to go in finally came! All that waiting would have amounted to 2 1/2 hours++I was sent here again by my dentist to have my wisdom teeth removed. Again, kept waiting. The doctor & staff seemed nice enough though, when I finally did see him, so I let it slide. I was extremely hesitant to get my teeth pulled! I was very upset about it and they knew this. I returned for my appointment for my procedure, immediately had to pay the exorbitant costs, and then I was left waiting for 45 minutes....(this is with anxiety building...)They explained to my husband I would be out in 1 hour and completely groggy and out of it, but to expect to take me home within the hour, once I was taken in the back. They then called me back in to a room, did a few quick things, and left me on a table, loosely strapped to it! I actually heard the nurses (or whatever they are...) saying, "Where is he? He just left her there??? I would be upset if I were her. This is ridiculous, where is he?"...and carrying on outside the door. Meanwhile, I was still strapped down! Hello!I was waiting and waiting and no one even came into the room to say a word to me or give me an update. Finally, I just wiggled out and left. I returned to the waiting room, where my husband was very concerned and informed me I had been back there for 1 HOUR AND 15 MINUTES. Just waiting on a dang table! Hm. 1 hour & 15 minutes, plus the 45 minutes I already spent in the waiting room = 2 hours. Its SHAMEFUL the way they run things and quite obvious that they do it just for a buck. I'm not a fan of assembly line "doctors" and I will never go back here. I would rather drive hours out of my way than ever return here. It bums me out that my (excellent) dentist recommends this rotten office!!!
5	Dr. Moxley removed all of my wisdom teeth in 10 minutes.  I was not under general anesthesia, because I chose local for the experience.  This doctor's middle name is "E" for "Efficient".
5	I came to Dr. moxley's office after I was referred from another dentist. Every single person I came in contact with at his office was extremely nice! Dr. Moxley explained everything that needed to be done and he and his staff took car of me quickly and efficiently. The previous doctor I had seen told me I would have to have an incision in my gum to remove to tooth but it wasn't necessary at all. Kudos to Jeff Moxley for not putting me through unnecessary pain and a costly procedure. I will definitely recommend to anyone.
5	I was referred to Dr. Moxley's office by my dentist to have a back molar pulled that was beyond repair and needed to come out.  I opted to stay awake and was pretty frightened.  He explains what he is going to do before the procedure and then once I was in the room they numbed be up and it was out in less than 60 seconds. He explained everything while he was doing it and he popped that sucker out like a magician.When I needed four bicuspids pulled to make room for my braces, I knew immediately that I was going back. This time, because it was four teeth, I paid extra to be put out.I was out like a light and when I woke up what felt like 10 seconds later, it was over and I went on my way (with my mom driving of course).He is a really nice guy and you can tell the support staff really like working there. They all dress casually, which I really like. Overall, great experiences. Getting teeth pulled is never FUN, but they make it much easier and less stressful.
5	I just walked out of his office. Above and beyond! Best staff, best doctor EVER! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!
5	AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME I was scarrrrreeeedddd to death and the nurses calmed me down I remember dr.moxley talkin to me next thing I knew I was on my way home they are wonderful treat you like family ......
2	My son had an appointment at 8:30 am for wisdom teeth extraction. We arrived at appointment at 8:25am. However the waiting room was packed clearly indicating that many other patients also had 8:30 appointments. We waited in the waiting room for 45 minutes then were brought to consult room to review procedure then back to waiting room again. Felt pretty good that it was almost our turn. However epic scheduling fail on dr Moxleys staff. This time we waited 2 hours until my son was called in. So in total it took 2 hours and 45 minutes after scheduled appointment time to just get back into dentists chair. I understand that sometimes  procedures can take longer than expected. But I am paying for a service and this wait isn't acceptable. Sadly I will not refer to this dentist even though he was very good due to his scheduling problems. My time is just as important as his and his staff.
