4	The Pool Supply store is good. The prices are OK. If they don't have want you need they can order it in a few days. They test your pool water for free. The toys for the pool is kind of pricey here. The sales are decent, No super sale but they mail coupons out sometimes.
1	Lost a Great customer NPS.  Purchased tabs about a week ago. Didn't even open it or use it. It goes on sale this week. So I called to ask if I can get a price adjustment or credit since I go buy stuff often. They said No. I ask if I can return it they said No. All Sales are Final. I ask since when because I used to get a price adjustments & can return things. HOW RUDE. That's not good business ethic. I guess I'll be going Pool supply shopping else where from now on. Peace out NPS
3	So I was at Sam's and needed some pool stuff for last minute things. I went in and ask one of the cashiers if I can get a price adjustment for last time and he said he will take it off of my new purchase. So I guess store policy & rules are just all different  from each employee. I told the cashier what happened last time I called & he said next time just come in and don't call. oh brother!!
1	Very very poor customer service. Dropped our Zodiac pool cleaner off June 21st  for a recall issue and was told Zodiac would send out a new one.  After over two months of waiting I called to find out what the problem was and was told that our broken pool cleaner was at a different NPS store sitting there waiting. I called that NPS store and was told that they were still waiting for Zodiac to send the new one. I then took it upon myself to call Zodiac to find out what was taking so long and to my surprise they told me they sent one out to NPS June 27th and was signed for by someone at the store. I then had to call NPS and tell them they had the new pool cleaner for almost two months. I finally got my new pool cleaner no thanks to the staff at NPS who never had a clue until I told them. Just glad I called Zodiac because if I waited any longer for NPS to do there job I who knows how long I'd be waiting. Of course I never got an apology or anything even close. That would entail good customer service which it doesn't seem like these guys have.
4	I have a pool and spa which is a wonderful thing in this town, but does require upkeep and I have managed to educate myself on how to maintain it. Lets face it, a pool service averages $100.00 to $115.00 a month and with a little attention I can save it for a night out. I initially knew nothing about pools and started by taking my water to Paddock Pools on Lake Mead where I met 'John the pool man'. After working with him, I have managed to pass 'pool school'.  He is unbelievably helpful and has walked me through every step, simplifying things with attention to the cost. If there is a more reasonable way to do something without buying the most expensive, he will recommend it. Paddock Pools is now closed, so for any on you who are looking for John, I found him. He is at Nationwide Pool & Spa Supply in Centennial Center and the minute I walked in I could hear his voice. I just drained my pool and purchased a new net, it broke after only a few uses and I returned it today with no problem and paid the difference for a more sturdy one. No questions asked. The place is a little crowded with inventory and is also a popular outlet for the pool companies so they generally have everything on hand. If they don't they will get it. I now take my water in routinely to have it checked and home I go with my instructions of what chemicals I may need to add. Although John's presence sealed the deal for me, so far all of the employees have been nice, but if you want the person who will go the extra mile, John is your guy. I am always excited when a company is willing to assist you on a do-it-yourself bases, rather then always selling a service. Great spot to test your water and get your pool supplies!
1	Poor customer service. Although they are somewhat knowledgeable, they constantly bad mouth their competition. They are not professional at all  - will take my business elsewhere.
5	I had the most pleasurable experience at this store.   The guys and Ms. Diana are so helpful I couldn't help but buy more stuff than I actually needed,  and the prices are not bad.   I'll definitely be back soon :)
5	Due to the lack of ethical/affordable pool service companies in our area we have been doing the chemical and cleaning maintenance on our pool for a year. If you do have a problem please make sure that John (aka The Professor) helps you. Unlike Leslies, he truly knows his stuff and isn't trying to sell you a bunch of products, just the ones that will actually solve your problem. Basically this review is for John, the other folks would earn 2 stars. Also, the prices here are substantially less than Leslies.
2	I have to agree with R.B. 100%. They bad mouth the competition on at all of the stores. Is it in the employee handbook or taught during training?! It's always followed up with "So you just come here from now on and we'll take good care of you." We've been lucky, the kid we deal with definitely knows his stuff and has kept his mouth shut. If he starts talking, we stop going. They two stars are for professionalism. I would give them three for knowledge.*NPS I know you read these, so take note...It's a fact, if employees "talk trash" about someone to or in front of the customer, that customer will wonder if they are "talking trash" about them when they leave.
1	Do not even talk to these people. They are not honorable.  I called NPS, National Pool Supply, on centennial for a recommendation of a good pool person.  They said I haave someone right here and handed the phone to to him. His name was Ron from United Pool Service. I told him my problem and he said he could come to my house and see what was up.He came by and said that  I needed all new seals for my pump and that he'll be by next morning about 9:00AM $65.00 plus $45 .00 for parts.The next morning came and 9:00 came and went. 10:00 came and went still no Ron and no call so I called him. He answered with the excuse that he got pulled over for a loose box that flew out of his truck. Red flags start waving.  Finally he got to my house and got to work.  He finished and I paid him. Later I went out to look at his work and discovered that my pump was leaking. It didn't leak before.  So I called Ron and told him what was going on.  He said sorry and that he would be back tomorrow to fix it. I haven't seen him since.  I have a ton of texts with a ton of excuses from " I got strep throat, to " im Tony and I'll be over after I finish with his current job". I told the both of them that I leave for work at 2:30 so they need to be at my house before then. Tony texts me at 6:00 saying that he was at my house and could'nt get in. NO SHI-!!!!!If he went in my backyard without permission he could have gotten shot. WHAT A MORON.I thought that National Pool Supply knew their clients and knew the good from the bad. NOT S0 MUCH. I checked United Pool Service and found that they have a F rating with the BBB and a lot of very bad feedbacks, and heres another one. I pray you read this before you do any business with United Pool Service and don't ask National Pool Supply for any recommendations.
