5	Great coffee. Atmosphere is relaxed and inviting. Decor is modern and I enjoyed browsing the art work. Love the new location at Quail Corners. A local alternative to the coffee chains. I'll definitely be back.
4	A girlfriend of mine and I stopped in for drinks after work. We had been to the previous location in Myers Park, and we were excited to check out the new digs.We got there around 5:45 on a Wednesday, and the woman behind the bar was really helpful in pointing us toward a good bottle of wine (for only $28). Since it was a nice night, she grabbed the bottle and glasses and set us up outside on a cute table by the door.  When we left, we took the bottle and glasses back inside and really got a chance to check out the art, which lines the walls. I loved the art they had, and I love how the tried to replicate the feel of the Myers Park location, but I wish it had a little more funkiness and comfy feeling; I missed the bookshelves and locally-made jewelry hanging around and gifts and whatnot. Hopefully they'll start to integrate some of that after they're there a little longer and start to get in a groove.
5	Loved this cute little coffee shop. It's adorable, and all the art around is beautiful and amazing. Plus, Jeremy, Mel, and Anne, are super awesome. Delicious coffee and very well priced.
4	Latte and muffins were good; latte could have been stronger. The service was friendly and the space was very cozy. But it wasn't so good that I need to run back, or chose this coffee house over one with a drive thru.
5	I'm so glad to have such a fun place to get coffee and a treat at Quail Corners shopping center.  I've been here twice; once with a friend and once to an open house the Charity League held here, two fun and different experiences. With my friend we drank tea (they have some unique and delicious flavors as well as more typical ones), shared banana bread (very flavorful) and enjoyed looking at the art work hanging all over the walls.  At the open house the place was packed with women talking, drinking coffee and wine, and sharing information.  I mention it because I was impressed that FABO is so supportive of local groups.  I highly recommend visiting.
5	Lovely little shop, great treats, coffee and nice art.Will definitely go back.I had the hot chocolate and cheesecake browine.The groupon was awesome.
4	Super friendly and cool place! Just bought two cups of coffee and the coffee was pretty good, definitely not like French press/ pour over fancy, but still good drip coffee! The art was neat too!
