4	Seafood is excellent here if you can get a table. Since we did not think to make reservations, we had to wait for a table and that wasn't even in the restaurant itself, but the outer part where people can see you when they walk by. Still, we did not mind seeing it was an opportunity of a lifetime to dine at one of Emeril Legasse's restaurants. The seasonal oysters with dipping sauces were great... as are fresh clams if they have them. Those were the highlights! Great sauces too accompanying them. If you prefer your seafood cooked, they have a big selection as well. For those of you who do not like seafood, well, there are things for you too such as chicken, pork chops, steak, but I highly recommend the seafood. There is gumbo as well, but I don't think it was THAT good. It wasn't bad, but not superb.
2	There was so much "Bam" (a.k.a seasoning) on the fish of the day, that I couldn't tell that it was overcooked or previously frozen?  The B-B-Q shrimp appetizer was more of what we had expected.  Nice interior design.
2	My wife and I ate here last week, and we were a bit disappointed.  The food was OK, but not great.  I started with the seafood gumbo, which aside from the sausage was surprisingly bland.  My entree was fish (I forgot the name, it was an oily fish species) on top of spinach fettucine in a saffron and blue crab sauce.  This fish itself was the highlight of the meal, perfectly cooked and seasoned.  Again, though, the sauce was bland, its yellow color the only way I could tell it was saffron.  Also, the fettucine was stuck together.  Not what I would expect from a restaurant at this level.  Service was good, but I wouldn't go back again.
4	I was pleasantly surprised by this place. The food is definitely different from what I'm used to but very good. The "fries" made of crayfish and polenta were incredibly light, my steak was awesome, and the banana cream pie was spectacular. I had written off cream pies, but this one took them off the blacklist. We went at the end of lunch so maybe the service was more attentive then normal. Overall just a great place for a meal. Curiously, I really doubt that I would go to Emeril's if it was back home, but it's good to know of a semi-nice place in Vegas.
1	NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!  I've enjoyed other Emeril establishments.  I like his show. I love seafood.  I HATE this place. My guess is that people who aren't from areas boasting fresh, abundant seafood might believe the fish they serve here to be "delicious."  The atmosphere tried wayyyyyy too hard to be chic without delivering (not unique menu offerings, nor inspired cocktails).  The appetizers were a joke!  We ordered the shrimp and were presented with 3 for approximatley $18 .  They weren't particularly special...grilled with overpoweringly spicey sauce.  I ordered a bowl of the fish stew (bland city) and a side of calamari (mostly tenticles). My order, without drinks or tax or tip, came to about $65 .  No one in the group enjoyed their meal.  For about $100/person, you could enjoy a much finer vegas dining establishment.
4	The food is outstanding,but the portions are small. Order two appetizers,an entree and a dessert and you may still walk out hungry.And I don't understand the need for a dress code. I'm on vacation--this isn't a business meeting,for Pete's sake. Of all the restaurants at the MGM you'd never think Emeril's would be the one to have a strictlyenforced dress code. When you think of New Orleans and Cajun food you think of FUN! PARTY TIME! Then you come here and have to go all the way back to your room and change to conform to their $%#@dress code. Is the food worth all this aggravation? Yes.
4	The only thing I really remember from the meal is the dessert--the bread pudding was awesome!  I'd go back just for that...
3	Given that Emeril is the king of the Food Network, I naturally had high expectations of this place.  I was somewhat disappointed... there was really nothing all that memorable about this meal.  Everything was mediocre to slightly better than average... that goes for not only the food, but also the decor and the service.  The best item we ordered was the steak, though "medium" was more close to "rare", which came with a big side of some of the creamiest mashed potatoes I've had.  Beware that most of the items on the menu are quite heavy.  The spicy seafood pasta dish was a slightly more sophisticated version of a jambalaya but it did have a nice flavor to it with a good little kick.  The most disappointing dish at this "Fish House" was the grouper we ordered.  The fish was overcooked and dry and if it weren't for the cream sauce they drenched the fish in, it really had very little taste.  The apple cobbler dessert was also a disappointment, maybe it would've tasted a bit better if it had been served warm.  Like most of the dishes we ordered, I got sick of this after a few bites.For the price you'll be paying, you're best off going to many other better restaurants in Las Vegas.  And please, I plead everyone out there, let's stop with the use of "bam".  Our cute waiter was fine up until that point.
3	Call a few days early to make a reservation.  Try some of the staple New Orleans dishes like the jambalaya.  The fish I ordered had too much olive oil and washed out the taste.  The wine menu is impressive but it's Emeril, so that's to be expected.  The staff is a little snooty and there about nine servers per table, a little unnecessary.  Save your money and walk over to the Venetian and have a steak at Delmonicos, Emeril's other LV restaurant.
4	I went to this place a few months ago and I too was pleasantly suprised.  I made a reservation on a Wednesday afternoon for 4 people and we were sat right down.  We had the fresh tuna and butter lettuce wraps which were phenominal!  The tuna with basil and ponzu oils were such a good compliments to each other.   We ordered the gumbo and the clam chowder next and I have to say that the clam chowder had a good and unusual smoky flavor.  (Maybe coming from andouillie sausauge?  Or maybe it was the "bam?!")  The service here was really good too.  My friend had the grilled ahi tuna with heirloom tomatoes she mentioned to our waiter that she was allergic to tomatoes and asked if something else can be substituted for it.  This was no problem of course, but moments later the waiter cheerfully came back and told her that the  gumbo that she ordered had tomatoes also and asked if she needed something else instead.  Thankfully, she was only allergic to fresh tomatoes and not the cooked so was still able to have it  which she said was delicious.  The tuna however was a little salty (they gave her a salad instead) without the tomatoes, but she was thankful at the fact that the waiter cared enough to check on the food allergy.Overall the rest of the entrees that we had were decent at best.  I would definitely come back just for the chowder and the tuna wraps alone.
5	A true 5 star meal at last! With the exception of my brother's cooking, it feels like months since the last time I had a meal this delicious. Not wanting to set myself up for disappointment, my expectations were fairly low. No one really seemed excited about this place, and Emeril's appeal has sort of worn off. But our entire experience here was outstanding. We came at 10:00pm, and frankly, I'm glad we were here late, although it was still quite busy when we first arrived. I liked the inside of the restaurant. Due to the high ceiling and the way the tables were set up, it created an illusion of intimacy and spaciousness, even though there were quite a few people there. (Chihuly is everywhere, I can't escape him!)Our server was such a kick. We didn't get any Emeril schtick from her, just genuine New Orleans service (she was from there). She was so attentive and kind, she even took us by the arm to escort us to the restrooms. She did a fantastic job of explaining the menu and pointing out the notable dishes. Vince and I went with the tasting menu, while the others weren't quite so hungry.I have to say that this was right up there with the best tasting menus I've ever had, but what really blew me out of the water was the perfection of the wine pairings. Every single last one of them was brilliant.For your drooling pleasure, our meal consisted of:- Achiote marinated & grilled jumbo gulf shrimp w/mixed baby green & orange segments tossed in a cumin vinaigrette, toasted pine nuts and queso tetilla; paired with a Spanish white.- Seared Maine sea scallop with caramelized onion & sweet potato bread pudding w/ bacon braised southern greens and apple brandy reduction; paired with a New Zealand chard.- Sweet BBQ Atlantic salmon on a homemade andouille sausage and Brabant potato hash w/ spicy onion crust and Emeril's homemade Worcestershire sauce; paired with an Oregon pinot.- Pecan crusted mahi mahi with grilled vegetables, stone ground grits and creole meuniere butter sauce; paired with a California sangiovese.- Grilled filet of beef on lobster & sweet corn risotto with sauteed haricot vert and charred tomato reduction; paired with a Washington merlot. - Tiramusu, paired with a vintage port, which we subbed out for another dessert wine that I don't remember.All of this deliciousness was only $70, plus $50 for the wine pairing. I think that's pretty reasonable for what we got, plus it's about the same as what we paid for similar tasting menus in Sonoma County. The tasting menus at the other restaurants at the MGM were all much, much more than that (but also of a much higher caliber, I suppose). Like Vince mentioned in his review, it's pretty incredible that they were able to come up with wine pairings for a lot of these dishes, since there is such a crazy mix of flavors (the salmon in particular), but not only did they pull it off, they did it very well. I slowed down toward the end and took most of my steak to go. I was thrilled when I ate it the next day for lunch and it was so tender and bloody, just the kind of perfect steak I've been craving, and that lobster risotto with it was delicious. I would definitely come here again, plus I want to check out some of these other tasty looking restaurants at the MGM. Summing up: Awesome.--11/15/06 update--Today in the mail I got a handwritten note from our server thanking us for our visit and inviting us back again. A simple gesture, but much appreciated!
5	OMG!!! Worth the money if you know what to order.  Service was great.. They are known for are the fried clarmari and the banna cream pie.  I went back every day to Emeril's while in vegas just to eat the dessert!!!  I recommend the Salmon dish for dinner.  I forget the name but I have to say this was the best Salmon dish I have ever had!!
4	I knew that Emeril's would be high end but I didn't think it was this high end. I thought I would have some wiggle room in the wallet after I walked out but I didn't. Man, Las Vegas has gone Manhattan.The restaurant was very good overall. Sharply decorated and lit. The wait staff was very attentive and ready to get you anything. I had the seared ahi on top of endives and these white beans I forgot the name of. Very yummy. Oh yea, it was $34. My girlfriend had grilled white fish (I can't remember the name of it) with gnocchi. Very good as well. $36. They have smaller portions and I assume they assume you'll get a couple of appetizers. We only got a small salad to share. $10. Mojito $10. Glass of pinot grigio $7. Bill: $120 with tip. I would go back but I'll wait for when I hit big on roulette. I liked the hipster vibe there and appreciated the atmosphere which drew in a diverse crowd. The wine list is actually a thick 60-page novel with quite a variety. Go here if you're looking for inventive dishes with excellent service. I did, however, find some of the menu options uninteresting. Half roasted chicken, casear salad. There were others that really didn't catch my eye. I was surprised since Emeril seems quite innovative. Speaking of Emeril, it seems that the restaurant just slapped his name on the place and ran with it. I really don't see what his influence is. There isn't much of a mention of him other than his trademark "bam" on the menu a couple of times.
4	I was visiting Las Vegas for the first time this past weekend, and while gambling is fun for some people I was much more fascinated by the dining options here - truly a disneyland for the foodie... with that said I was with a group of people who don't share the same views on the city and decided to try Emeril's after everyone else had left and I still had time to kill.  I don't like eating alone and so I chose to sit at the bar for a late lunch.  The server working the bar was extremely friendly and able to give me wonderful suggestions both on the lunch menu and on wines by the glass.  I had an amazing burger - I know, I know - but it was too good to pass up.  It had blue cheese and portabello mushrooms on it with a homemade mayo and portwine ketchup.  I saw several other dishes go by that looked equally delicious.  Also, the cornmuffins and sweet roll that accompanies all meals are not to be passed up.  Definitely one of the more relaxed restaurants in the MGM.
3	I was hoping that Emerils would be less expensive at lunch.  But to my surprise our bill was about $100. for two.  We started with $10. salads which were worth $3.  My husband had Crab Slidders, which  weren't that great.  And I had the $27. Jumbalaya which should have been $8.  At least the carmel creme brulee was worth every penny.We had three waiters which was excessive, and the atmosphere was nothing special.  The big stinker...I spent a 1/2 hour in the bathroom immediately afterwards.  I wish we had gone to Todd Englishs' Olives which I've been told is under $50. for lunch.
2	My wife and I went for lunch.  We thought we could get a good taste of some of Emeril's cooking for a cheaper price.  Unfortunately we got neither.  I got a salad to start for $10, it was fine, nothing special, the croutons were good, but nothing to brag about.  Then I got the seafood sliders, hoping to get one of Emeril's seafood specialties.  Ugh, it tasted like that supermarket crab dip in between two little rolls.  Avoid the sliders!  Emeril saved a little face with the large Carmel creme brulee, it was done just right, great balance between the sweet and bitter.  Together we broke the $100 mark for lunch, should have been about half of that.  Would not ever go back
5	The ONLY place I'll dine when in Vegas. I've been to close to 25 of the top rated places & will only recommend this fish house. Have the grilled petite rib eye (med. well) & banana cream pie. PERFECTION!
4	We had a snack at the bar with some great Mojitos. Ordered the Trio of Tuna Tartare, which had excellent flavors.  Any food order came with cornbread, which was fresh and sweet.  We asked for more, and they gave us many.  Bam indeed.
2	Just Eh. Emeril should do a spot check of his venues. This one needs an overhaul with the servers and chefs. Perhaps we got the chef in training and the new server on duty. Food was passable, waitstaff near mummified. Two stars for the decor and the bread.  Too many other places to eat in Vegas to ever come back here.
3	I am giving this a 3 because of two reasons, 1.) I can't put a 2.5, and 2.)The bartender was really cute, and made me the best cadillac margarita ever !! Now as for Dinner, My steak which I wanted pink in the center, was well done !!! I sent it back because it was a $50 plate, upon its return the steak was still very well done, and the mashed potatoes were missing.  Now for the record, I didn't have to pay for it, so that was nice.
4	BAM! (for whatever reason that always makes me think of Bam Margera, but I digress)I'm not a huge fan of his show, but I am a big fan of his food.  After watching him make his gumbo on television and attempting to make it ourselves at home, we had to give 'the real thing' a try.  It was delicious.  Our visit to the Fish House was a couple of years ago, so my memory is somewhat fuzzy on what the other people in our group had to eat.  However, I remember distinctly that we all thoroughly enjoyed everything - appetizers, entrees and dessert.The atmosphere was modern and fresh (for some reason, I kept picturing some semi-cheezy casual environment with wooden planks - something stereotypical that you would see on the wharf) - it was elegant and spacious.  Service was great.Emeril's Fish House is in the MGM Grand, and from the moment we walked into the hotel to when we got to the restaurant, it must have taken us 10-15 minutes to get there.  I cannot get over how HUGE that hotel is.
4	Emeril's is a medium sized restaurant, pretty but noisy.  The food was very good:*   Seafood gumbo.  Fish, shrimp, beef, okra and rice, in a somewhat spicy, rich broth.  Very good.*   Cream of mushroom soup.  Sister-in-law says it was delicious.*   Barbecue shrimp.  A signature dish.  Brother says it was very good.*   Grilled hebi (spearfish).  Medium to large filet, thick, grilled, with chive olive oil.  Served on a bed of potato pieces, orange, and onions.  Very good; brother also had this dish, and agrees.*   Pecan crusted Texas redfish:  SIL says "very good."*   Banana cream pie with banana crust, chocolate shavings, and caramel sauce.  Tall wedge of pie.  Very dense, rich banana cream with pieces of banana.  Thick layer of good whipped cream.  All three of us thought it was excellent (and I'm not very fond of banana cream pie).My brother has been to Emeril's before, and thinks very highly of the place.  I liked it a lot, but nothing knocked my socks off.  Still, it is one of the better restaurants I've tried - much better than I would have expected from a restaurant empire.  I may not return for a meal, but I'll be back for a piece of that banana cream pie!
5	Wow, every time I eat here a couple things happen.First, I never really want to go, I always agree with someone else or go because there isn't another restaurant open. Why and How can I be so dumb??? The second thing that happens is I enjoy my food and service so much! I have ordered many things on the menu including raw stuff and various fish dishes and now I could just close my eyes and point and I know it would be good.It is great to eat before any concert at the MGM Grand Garden, and the decor is so beautiful with a really pretty open bar and glass partition to the main walkway to the studio walk. I suggest this any night of the week!!
4	We started with the BBQ Shrimp appetizer which is excellent, it's the reason we returned.  My lunch entree was great, a moist half chicken with ham mashed potatoes... absolutely delicious.  My wife wasn't all that impressed with the steak sandwich which was served cold and the meat was rare rather than medium as described.
5	Tip of the day:  Make a reservation well in advance.Great 5-star dining experience.  Awesome and really impressive wine list.  Great seafood.  My last meal here was the BBQ Salmon, holy crap yummy.  Although Emeril doesn't make it out to his restaurants all that often (I hear only 1-2 times a year), you can definitely taste his presence.  Mongo likes!
5	Just had a very memorable experience her this past weekend. We made a reservation and my boyfriend asked that since it was a date to make is special. When we arrived, they sat us right away at a round banquette that overlooked the entire restaurant from the back of the room. Perfect location. The interior was festive but collected and calm at the same time. Very tastefully done. We went there specifically for the tasting menu, which my boyfriend had had before and loved. It was the most impressive meal I've had, not just because of the food but because we were served by a TEAM. There was the bread guy, the busser guy, the wine guy, and the main server. They could not have been more polite, attentive, or friendly. thinking we were jsut getting "tastes" of wine parings for each dish, we started out with a bottle of white but we sure didn't need it - each pairing was a full glass of the most perfect wine. The "wine guy" (our own personal sommolier) gave a description of each after pouring, and the only complaint was that he was soft spoken so we had a hard time hearing him. They were all probably a bunch of adjectives anyway, we're not wine snobs so we didn't care too much. I had to try real hard not to till up with each dish, knowing there was more to come - 8 dishes in all. God, it was SOOOOO good. After that i was so full of wine and stuffed with incredible food i just went back to our hotel and zonked out! ;-PFor anyone looking for a memorable dining experience, there's lots of celebrity chef restaurants out there but this one was really worth it. The bill came out to about $300 for two with tip, I believe (i just glanced at it as he opened it) Not bad at all.
4	One of the better restaurants in Vegas.  Nice modern decor and location.  Not at all like a fish house I had pictured (which is something with fish nets hanging on the walls).  More like a NY trendy place.  The service was OK - the waiter gave the next table some complimentary appetizier, but not for me.  It was reasonably prices for some fine dining.  I forgot what kind of fish I had, but it was moist and delicious.  I did order the famous banana cream pie.  It was good: creamy, light, and not too sweet.  But I wasn't blown away by it.
5	What a great place!  We went on a Friday night and had no problems being seated.  The decor was very nice, not too dark like some restaurants, busy but not too loud.  The service, of course, was top notch.  And the food was absolutely delicious!  I had the chicken which was very tender and full of flavor.  My friends had the steak (also very good) and shrimp pasta (yum!).  I would definitely go back :)
3	I agree with Virginia Y's review about the bam factor.  Almost everything I had was waaay too salty for my liking!  Even the rosemary bread - though pretty tasty... again, the salt factor spoiled it for me... i suppose I shouldn't be too surprised by how the dishes were overly 'seasoned'.  I mean, have you seen the amount of salt Emeril 'bams' his bloody way through his shows?  Apparently, the chef that day was also doing his take on his boss's style.  I like Emeril - as a tv entertainer behind his fancy little kitchen in the studio... studio in the kitchen?  Anywayz, he makes people laugh and unlike Bobby Flay, i don't find him sickening and annoying.  But I honestly don't see him as a chef.  I mean, how many gazillion dishes can you put the same bloody seasoning on?!    To start, I had the shrimp remoulade salad - nothing special.  I wish they'd given me some extra remoulade sauce on the side... it was barely enough to taste - however, the little I tasted, it made me want more - the one bloody thing they don't give me more of is the sauce I want - of course!  It was good but it could have been far better.  My husband had the blue crab and bell pepper fondue - he loved it and said it was very well executed, whatever that means.  Think he's also been watching too much Top Chef :)  We got the seafood gumbo to share - yes we were being complete pigs!  Shit, we were being comped $100 by the casino for our meal so don't think we were going to be coy and not take full advantage of it :)  ...surprisingly, the gumbo was very tasty!  I've had my share of bad gumbo (even in New Orleans!) so I must say, I was nicely impressed.  For entrees, we had the seafood pan roast with jambalaya and the fish special of the day; striped bass with corn macque choux.  Both the jambalaya and the corn macque choux were absolutely delicious.  As for the the fish in both dishes, they were omg way too salty!  ...so was the butter sauce on the pan roast.  Insane!  Nice thing was, when I brought it up to our second waiter, he was very good about it and actually offered to get the kitchen to redo my dish.  No, I didn't let them - after all, by that time, I had enough food in me to last me another week!Our first waiter (unlike our second one) was the most depressing looking service person on the job.  When he was serving us and telling us the specials, he never once smiled nor looked like he wanted to be there... but when he was either standing with his other colleagues chatting away or when he was standing by himself talking (to himself) - I kid you not - he looked like he'd taken some serious happy pills!  It was quite funny - especially when it looked like he was at a stand-up comedy routine all by himself.  Yes he was laughing!  Ok, I was obviously a little too distracted by this guy...If it wasn't for the saltiness of the food, I would have given it at least a 1/2 more star... the weird waiter didn't bother me too much.  It was just funny to me.  Will I go back to Emeril's?  Sure... especially if the casino would like to pay our way again.  Our tab that day (before tipping) came up to a whole dollar over the $100 comped :D
3	I didnt eat here.I did make like seven reservations and the people were nice about my changing them three times, canceling them, then trying to get back in for them when stupid diego said buh bye.Since they were so nice, I would come back and try to eat there.
2	The service was good but  the food was  way too rich and heavy  for me.  It seems like everything has butter, cream or pork fat.  I guess thats Emeril style of cooking.  Not my type of food for that kind of money.
4	I went with a group of 25 (please dont ask why), but service was surprisingly prompt and efficient.  Everything is of course very decadent and delicious and properly executed.  I usually get pretty crappy service when dining with large groups, but this experience was actually not bad.  I think my favorite part of dinner was when like 8 waiters stood around our table so that our entrees could be presented simultaneously for everyone.  It was like some weird Audrey Hepburn movie moment.I had the miso cod which I thought was a bit too salty, but everything else was excellent.
5	I absolutely adore this restaurant. I love the decor. The wait staff is also super friendly and very attentive. On to the food. I have been coming here since the place opened and I have never ever had a bad meal. Everything is always cooked to perfection. I have to give this place an A+. Fresh quality ingrediants and very very flavorful. YUM YUM.
5	I can't tell enough of my friends about this place. If you want a true 5-star meal worth your money, this is the place to go. The food is divine and you simply feel like you are in heaven while dining here. The wait staff is incredibly nice as well and my waitress even took the time to write me down all the information on the wine I tried....which a year later I still am purchasing after she took the time to recommend it when I was there.This restaurant is definitely not a place to miss when you are in Vegas.
2	It's really a 2.5. It didn't suck. It was edible but not memorable.Some comical things:1. we had a reservation for a group and called to see if we could drop a cake off earlier. (see? to me that's an indication that maybe a surprise is involved?) We sit at the table and our server comes over and says -- loudly -- so, I hear I need to find a cake. d'Oh!2. If you've ever been at a restaurant with a large group and seen well orchestrated service it's beautiful, subtle, artistic. Here? The servers all gathered and stood (not so quietly) in back of us. Then, the server (yes, the same one who loudly announced our cake) said, loudly, On My Mark and counted 1,2, 3. and then plop. all the plates clattered to the table.So on to the food -- it was fine. edible. but again, not memorable. we went because it was in the MGM grand and good for a group. would I recommend it? no. Did it completely suck? no.
3	You really want outstanding when you go to a famous chef's restaurant, and unfortunately we didn't find outstanding. It was really good, but not amazing. If I could have given 3.5 stars I would have, but it just wasn't great enough for a full 4.My crab cakes were awesome - moist and delicious. And the sauce on my pork was also very good, but the lobster bisque my husband had was sub-par. And except for the bread, which was quite tasty nothing else really stood out for us.The service was good, if you enjoy having your napkin re-folded whenever you leave the table. With all the places to go in Vegas, next time I'll skip this one.
5	Went here for dinner before the David Copperfield show. It was so delicious. We all ordered fish entrees. The fish was perfectly cooked. The sauce was delicious. However it was kinda salty. The service was good. They brought out the food all at once at the same time. The bread basket was good especially the cornbread.  We made reservations and had to wait 15 minutes.
3	I agree with what everything Mary said about this place! You expect to have outstanding service here, and it was just mediocre. We ordered the chorizo appetizer and it was fine. I ordered the sea scallops and shrimp with pasta because the waitress said it was her favorite. The pasta just tasted like butter with noodles I could make myself! And the shrimp was pretty bland. Nothing memorable. Grant ordered the steak, and that was pretty good. But overall, I wouldn't come here again. Not really worth it.
2	Nothing memorable here.I hate to write this, but there was no zip or bam to this at all.  I had the scallop and shrimp, she had the grouper.  Presentation on both were fairly plain.  The scallops were a little chewy, and quite bland.  Same on the grouper.  We split a half bottle of wine that was cheap but OK.I really expected more from this place and was REALLY disappointed.
4	so i didn't really have high hopes for this place because his show is just so fucking irritating and its not like he's back there in the kitchen whipping things up anywho bf and i were on our way to the pool and hungry it was lunch time so we decided to stop by but we almost got denied by the hostess because of my attire she which i kind of understand except i was wearing a dress with my bathing suit top under i offered to remove it to solve the problem and maybe this is just me being a snot but i really don't think of emrile's as being a high end restaurant. anywho the manager said it was okay if we sat at the bar i was really expecting mediocre food but it was really good i had some sort of seafood mixed grill with rice and this really delicious sauce that was pretty rich but went perfectly with the seafood and didn't overpower it bf had the rock shrimp po boy and the rock shrimp was delicious and so tender but he didn't really like the chips that came with. the service was good but its hard to have bad service when you're at the bar and the restaurant is relatively empty it would have been nice to sit at a table i had no idea that wearing a dress (a nice one from mango not one of those shitty juicy terry cloth ones) over a bathing suit to a restaurant at lunch time was so taboo especially when there's a guy already in the restaurant in basketball shorts oh well i was hungry and i had a great time at the pool after so que sera sera
5	I must have gone on a good day as the service was amazing and really fast. I have the shrimp and petite biscuit which was the size of a quarter but beautiful and tasty. Also had the jambalaya which also was tasty followed by the famous banana cream pie which is to big for one person..Excellent
3	Our waiter was creepy. But otherwise, this was a satisfying experience albeit overpriced. We came here for brunch. To start, we had the "fondue" and soup special of the day. Fondue is a misnomer for this dish. It was more like crackers with an avocado relish and a cheese dip. But it was completely delicious; I scarfed down every last crumb.For the main dish, I ordered the mixed seafood dish and my boyfriend got the steak sandwich. The seafood dish was almost like a paella -- fish mixed with shrimp and clams and mussels in a risotto-like rice. Thankfully, the flavors weren't overwhelmingly fishy. The steak sandwich is served cold with a warm au jus accompaniment. It was good but so are the sandwiches you get at the corner deli.We ended our meal with the banana cream pie. When we ate at the Emeril's in New Orleans several years ago, the pie stood out in my mind so I had to order it again to see if it deserved the pedestal I had placed it on. It did. It was a massive piece of pie with a ton of fresh bananas. THE BEST banana cream pie I have ever had. If you're willing to drop some dough on a meal, this is a good option. I  might come back just for the pie.
1	Our fish de jour was so salty I could hardly finish it.  What an amazing let down, I watch Emeril's show all the time and find out there's one in my hotel downstairs, I eat there and ended up getting the salt lick.  The lobster soup was disgusting, it tasted like creamed hot water with rotten fish parts and pepper.
5	Before our son came along, my husband and I went to Emeril's fish house in Las Vegas for dinner.   The service was excellent, we were treated like royalty (really!) and the food was sinfully delicious.  Presentation was simple, even homey and service was very attentive without being pretentious.   We topped off our meal with the multi-tiered banana cream pie which is worth having even if you're so full and can't take another bite!  I only wish we can go again so I'm a bit leery reading some of the previous reviews.
3	oh emeril...i used to want to marry you. i still might consider it if you give me a better table in the future. i mean, just b/c we were a little late doesn't mean u can stick us with the "help". i felt like i should get up and help serve. however, the saving grace was the food. it was excellent even though for some reason i was full right after my crabcakes. i still love you baby!
2	Can I give it 2.5 stars?  Anyway, my boyfriend's "meal" came out in a plastic bag!  LITERALLY!! They popped the bag opened for us and let him eat out of it!! I mean, there was a plate on the bottom, but what in the world???My pork was HUGE.  HUGE and not as flavorful as it could be.  The service is adequate...I guess.
3	Came here for a quick lunch before catching a flight out of Vegas.  I was on a 31-hour business trip from Boston, of which 13 hours had been spent on planes and only 3 sleeping, so I was alternating between exhaustion and manic caffeination and not at all hungry thanks to a massive yet less than satisfying breakfast.I started with the soup special, which was some sort of Thai chicken hot-and-sour type scenario and fairly good if unmemorable.  Then I had the tuna sashimi lettuce cups or somesuch.  They basically featured butter lettuce with crispy wonton strips, raw tuna, and thin slices of jalapeno with a sesame-soy type dressing.  AMAZING.  Really, really good.I liked the decor, especially the fish sculptures at the entrance and the glass wine cellar in the center of the room.  Very spectacular, very Vegas.  I'd like to come back on an emptier stomach.
3	When I invited my clients for lunch, they mentioned sandwiches or chinese.  Not on my expense account!  I want my clients to feel special!We need to go somewhere good and special.   How about Emeril's?The service was top notch, starting with our waitress asking if any of us had time constraints - 3 of us had to rush back to the airport, so that she asked was awesome.   The apps were good - shrimp with a tini tiny little rosemary biscuit, crab cakes and fried calamari.  They were good, but not amazing, but then again, pretty generic items.  There were more interesting apps., but that's what we all wanted. The wait staff brought out our food, stood staggered between us , and delivered our food with a semi-flourish.  It was very sweet.  We oohed and ahed.  I enjoyed my Seafood Pan Roast served with Two Medallions of Fresh Fish, Jumbo Gulf Shrimp, Traditional Seafood Jambalaya and Essence Spiked Butter Sauce.  It was pretty rich, though, and I ended up just eating the fish.  I liked the space and that there was lots of space between tables.  This very reserved group of clients opened up here and I think they...felt special...:-)The next day,  the clients sent very warm thank you notes and mentioned several times how much they enjoyed their dinner. There were no vegetarian entrees on the menu, otherwise, I'd give 4 stars.
2	Maybe it was just the night, but the kitchen was SLOW!  If felt sorry for the wait staff because they were getting frustrated, because they couldn't do anything to help get the food out to us faster.  I ordered a simple seafood pasta dish.  My husband ordered steak.  To make a long story short, we were there for almost two hours - only the last half hour was actual eating time.  Part of our meal was comped at the end, but still.  No time for dessert, we had a show to go to.  Good thing we were eating at the same hotel where the show was.  The pasta dish was forgettable.  I don't remember if I like it or not.  The steak was good, but it wasn't anything special.
2	Okay this place belongs to the guy that put FoodTV on the map! So either we are going in here with way too high expectations or it is overrated.  I think it's a little of both.I was very disappointed here. I had seared Tuna; it may have been the fish of the day? It was very bland, it was so disappointing.  Nothing that we had was very memorable.  The service was very good and the place looks great, but it just wasn't what I had expected. Like a lot of these places in Las Vegas they're in a casino, this one is in the MGM Grand.  I wonder how involved Emeril Lagasse really is in this place. I certainly have no information to say that he isn't, but if the food is any indication I would say he's either overrated or he doesn't stop in very often.
4	Right off the bat, Emeril's was one of my top 5 dining experiences of my life.  It was a combination of impeccable service, well prepared and artfully displayed food, amazing wine, and the company of a great group of people.I decided to join two friends and asked if they could change their reservation from 2 people to 3.  The front desk had absolutely no problem accommodating that change....or our change to 4 on the morning of the reservation or changing to 5 that afternoon....and no problem at all to accommodate our 6th guest that suprised us at the last moment.  I'm in the restaurant business and hate people like me who change their reservation over and over again!!!We were seated at a large round table and presented with menus.  My eyes went directly to the 6 course chef's tasting menu with wine pairings and I knew exactly what I was having.  Wound up 5 out of the 6 of us went this direction.We were presented with a complimentary first course of ahi tartar--compliments of our server Rocco.  As we went through the rest of the meal (I'll edit the review and post the menu, but I don't have it in front of me right now) our servers introduced each wine and each course with confidence.  They really knew a lot about the wines and how they complimented each course.Everything tasted amazing, except for the striped sea bass with gnocci and red wine braised leeks.  The sea bass tasted amazing by itself, but was overpowered by a gorgonzola sauce and fresh tomato paste.  The leaks were grey/pink and the gnocci was gray and bland.  As a whole the dish was visually unappealing, lacking in texture, and the flavors were way out of balance.After dessert and coffee, I noticed we were the only table left in the restaurant and the Manager and Chef were sitting at the bar.  We asked for the check--we were not presented the check until we asked for it, a very nice touch considering we were lingering, sipping coffee, and conversing after every other table left.
5	VERT- a green bean.I didn't want my mouth to taste like fish if my hubby doesn't like seafood.  So...I had the: Roasted Half Chicken on Tasso Ham Mashed Potatoes, Sauted Haricot Vert and Natural ReductionI just copied it from the menu, because I can't remember what the yummy wording was.  Hubby had the: Burger on an Onion Roll with whtie cheddar cheese and steak friesThe waiter was very nice, I even had to ask him what "vert" was and he didn't appear to be disappointed in my culinary vocabulary.  He also told us that it was going to be a long wait for the food (only the 2nd people seated, I imagine w/ a packed restaurant it is going to be even longer).  I didn't have the entree but they did come out with yummy bread and whipped butter. mmmm.... The food was great! The vert was cooked perfectly! It was also my word of the day.
5	Came here on a whim Wednesday night for dinner at emerils at the MGM after getting beat at the tables and couldn't walk any further to eat.  They sat us down right away which was good.  We ordered the fried calarmari for app  and I ordered the double cut pork chop as my entree and my friend ordered the seared tuna which she loves.  My pork chop was about 3-5 inches thick and it was tasty.  IT WAS THE BEST PORK CHOP I HAVE EVER TASTED.  SMOOTH, TENDER AND FLAVORFUL.  This meat was better than some steaks that I had.I asked the waiter what kind it was and they didn't know but it came from Colorado.  Going to get that particular breed and raise it myself it was that good.
4	We hit this place up before Zumanity.  The sommolier was kind of off when we asked for assistance with the GIANT book of a wine list.I decided to try a chef's special of swordfish which was bland and had no flavor.  I sent it back and got a salmon instead.  WAY BETTER!!!We also had bland crab cakes at the table, tried the DELICIOUS mac n cheese and had another small shrimp salad that was good.  The guys got steaks and everything was just ok, cept that SALMON!! good god!We got the butterscotch creme brulee and all shared it.  Came with sugar cookies and whipped cream.  Nothing special.Overall the wine list is amazing but I was disappointed in the recommendations we got.  This place is hit or miss, but I would stay away from chef's specials.  He doesn't have Emeril's touch.
2	Ugghh. Big disappointment. I hate being disappointed when I try a restaurant especially when it's owned by a celebrity chef. Of course they are never around to manage quality control as they are busy doing their shows on Food Network and endorsing overpriced merchandise.Let's just say I don't remember what I ordered but do remember that it was fish (mahi mahi I think) and it was very dry and the sides were overcooked and dull in color. The service was polite and quick. More than anything, I remember the fun conversation and boisterous laughs I had with my friends and family.
4	This restaurant is one of MGM Grand's many fine dining establishments. Reservations are required, but it's not too difficult to get one. Now, on to the experience.As we are seated, we are introduced to our team of servers. We had 3 people helping a table of 3. I like the numbers already. I ordered a chocolate martini to start off the night. The martini was very strong. It was just an okay martini, not very special. I think the chocolate martini over at New York, New York's Gallagher's is better.Besides the normal menu, they offer a tasting menu of 7 courses that has been reduced to servings of 3-4 oz each course. The cost was $75 per person. If you wanted wine pairings to go with it, it was an extra $25 per person. Seemed lovely, but probably too much food for one person. We decided to just go for appetizers, entrees, and dessert.We started the evening with an order of the Avocado and Blue Crab crabcakes with some sort of slaw. The slaw and the crabcakes made an excellent combination, as well as the avocado and the crab. There was tons of crab in the cakes and the avocado helped to bind the meat together very effectively. I liked it, but didn't love it. On the other hand, I loved the Seared Scallops over a frisee salad with bits of walnut. The bus boy brought a round of breads for each person. Each of us got a corn bread muffin and a piece of onion loaf. Each was delicious. The corn bread was perfectly sweet and moist while the onion loaf was flavorful and not overly strong. Perfect bread.My mother ordered the Salmon with some sort of mango sauce. It was grilled perfectly - not overcooked and not undercooked. But salmon is pretty hard to mess up. My father had the fish of the day, which was a Hawaiian Spearfish (Hebi). It was also perfectly cooked. But I have to say, the fish was just fish. Not that crazy or anything. I, on the other hand, went for the Louisiana Cedar Plank Campfire Steak, which was Creole spiced (think: Emeril's Essence), served with Trinity (traditionally celery, carrots, onions), Warm Remoulade (gotta ask Emeril what the heck that is), and Country Smashed Potatoes. The steak was pretty good. I liked the Trinity over it. But I LOVED the mashed potatoes. Potentially the very best mashed potatoes I've ever had. Yeah. That good. Needless to say, I at only half of the steak and a few spoonfuls of the potatoes because I was pretty full already. I happily took a doggy bag home because I was saving room for dessert.I had some espresso to help wash down my food. My mother had plain coffee. The coffee was not spectacular. I think the buffet had better drip coffee. The espresso was just fine, but again not great. What WAS great was the dessert: Emeril's signature Banana Cream Pie with Banana Crust, Chocolate Shavings and Caramel Sauce. Heavenly. It was not too sweet. It was not too creamy. It was perfect. The crust was also delicious.Overall, I would say a 4 out of 5. However, the service was really excellent. They were on top of everything. As soon as you put your silverware on the plates, they came right away and knew you were done. They pull out the chairs for you and let you take your time without you feeling forgotten. So, I'd say the service alone pushes it to a 5 out of 5. I highly recommend the place.We gave a hefty tip, and all in all, the total was $200 for 3 people (no wine, just 1 martini and 2 fountain drinks).UPDATE 8/17/2009: Went back a few times recently and the food was not that great. Not a lot of choices in fish - strange for a fish restaurant! Anyway, the banana cream pie was just as perfect as I remembered. I think the slice was smaller though. Must be the economy!
4	What did we eat that night? All I remember doing the whole time is LAUGHING AND LAUGHING AND LAUGHING. Seriously tho, we were a bit late (my fault) to the restaurant, we got a tour of MGM by a cuban refugee who wanted to show us a "short cut" to the restaurant (MGM IS HUGE). We finally made it and they sat us in the worst possible seats... the area was also known as the 2nd kitchen, where they prepare everything before they serve each table. My food was actually REALLY good from what I remember. It was like a pecan crusted fish dish and crab bisque. Delish. I got super full too fast so I couldn't enjoy it as I wanted to. We had a great time that night and for that I'll give it a B.
3	I would have to say average. $$$$$$$$$$, but sadly one of the cheapest places to eat in this massive hotel. We were there on a Sunday, so the waits people were complaining about didn't effect us...althou we were warned when someone ordered the pork chop they take a long time to cook...Due to the $$$ and being on a work expense budget, my pals and I had to stay away from the bar items, and stuck with plain old beer. The bread and whipped butter was fantastic thou! I had the house salad for 12 bucks and a deep fried salmon sushi roll of sorts...I have had better sushi rolls in my life. I liked it better than one of the other people there with me...I actually ate the whole thing. My salad was pretty good...the white cheddar in it made it better off than an average house salad...dressing had a good flavor to it. Everyone seemed to think their meals were ok, nothing great, nothing horrible....most of us got 2 appetizers as opposed to a crazy expensive entree. I am sure at places like this it varies by the night...but to be honest I didn't really catch on to the "New Orleans' theme of the dishes either.
4	I do not like Emeril on foodtv just bc he is soo annoying to watch, but I actually like the restaurant.  We went to this place before watching Ka.  The restaurant has pretty classy decor and the drink I got (which is rare) was very nicely mixed that you can't really taste the alcohol.  Just the way I like it.  The food was not too bad surprisingly however the distance between tables were just a bit too close for comfort.  We ended up next to a couple that were arguing in canto about gambling and kinda ruined my appetite a bit.  Wish I didn't need to know so much, but what did they expect, it was Vegas!
2	Unfortunately I was totally underwhelmed.  I went here for my birthday last weekend and it was like...blah.  I've heard GREAT things about Emeril's other restaurants and thought that he would have interjected some of the same energy, etiquette and pointers on presentation to this location as well.  I guess what some say about him is true...he may be too busy with his celebrity to care about the food anymore.  What a shame. This place was accommodating in that I waiting until the last minute to get reservations on a VERY busy Saturday night.  I was told 4 times they were booked solid but thought I would give it one more go in person and was helped by the manager. We had a group of 7 and only had to wait about 10 minutes at 9:00 PM. The service was apathetic and while the appetizer of seared scallops tasted amazing...that's where the party ended. We ordered calamari to start for the table based on our servers recommendation and it arrived lumped and soggy in a small white bowl with soy sauce dipper bowls of cocktail sauce.  Others in my group ordered the lobster bisque and while it smelled intoxicating, none of what you smell registers when you actually taste it.  I've had MUCH better. 3 ordered the steak and at $45 you get a massive ROAST size lump of meat heaped on a flavor board...and once again, they used small white bowls to present their mashed potatoes.  They also ordered macaroni and cheese on the side for $11 each as they thought the server said it didn't come with a side and sadly, that was the best part of their meals. They did wrap the steaks to go...for their dogs. I had the pecan crusted Texas redfish with grits and while that was tasty I felt a little guilty looking around at the table of my friends with hopeful smiles for my benefit. We decided to forgo dessert but they brought a very small white bowl of mango sorbet with a candle to wrap things up...unfortunately it was so tart none of us could eat it.As we were leaving we asked if they had any connection or if they could help us with passes for Studio 54 and were completely shocked with the blank response of  "we're not part of the MGM so we have no affiliation with any of their entertainment venues".  WHAT?! Aren't we sitting in the MGM at your restaurant??? Flippant attitudes need not apply.For $130 each with one drink...I would have prefered to go anywhere else for less.  I used to be a huge fan and can honestly say I'll never be back. I don't like to end reviews on a bad note so I will say the decor was rich and modern and I loved the wine display cases...inspiring option for my own place.
3	Ugh, this place was pretty bad.  The service was excellent, but the food?  My mom's Seafood Jambalaya was salty to the point I was calling le garcon pour plus d'eau, s'il vous plait?  Pleh.  And my dish??  Unmemorable (really, I forgot what I ordered).  The seafood in my mom's Pan Roast wasn't bad. . .tender, succulent, fresh. . .what you'd expect the seafood to be at a restaurant with Emeril's name tacked on it.  But really, I wanted more bAM! for my buck, but didn't get it.
3	Unlike many, I do not judge a restaurant by it's "location."  Just because something is in Las Vegas doesn't mean I will rate it lower than if it were in Columbus.  If possible, I'd give Emeril's Fish House 2.5 stars, but because of the experience and the dessert, I'll bump up.Went to Emeril's before Frozen Fury X last year, both my buddy and I dressed in LA purple.  Although not "fine dining" I worried that we would be underdressed, yet fortunately most of the people in the MGM were there for the same reason.  Go Kings Go.Service was prompt, friendly, attentive, and intelligent.  Although clearly not a Kings fan, she knew the right questions to ask and was quite personable.  Bread (delicious garlic bread and a not-quite-Mina-quality cornbread) were served promptly and refilled continuously.  Drinks and water were also promply attended to.For my meal I opted for Cedar Grilled Yellowtail with Potatoes while my buddy selected Filet Oscar.  While both presentations were relatively simple, the plating was attractive, the food was very fresh, and portions were adequate for the prices.  For a side we split Lobster Mac n' Cheese that was incredibly creamy and cheesy, yet with enough lobster that it wasn't overwhelmed.  Definitely the highlight before dessert arrived.For dessert I was delighted to see two of my favorite items combined, one from the 95% of the time I eat healthy, and the other from the 5% when I don't; Sweet Potato Bread Pudding.  Served with a caramel cookie and marscapone icecream I'd say this was one of the 5 best Bread puddings I've tasted, though nowhere near the one at Emeril's Orlando location.  My friend choose a flourless chocolate cake with a Godiva liquor milkshake that, although small, was enjoyed greatly by my friend.All told, I've certainly had better meals, but the place was above average 'dinner out.'  Perhaps I overrate it for great presentations of my favorite bread and one of my favorite desserts, but all told I think Emeril is a pretty decent chef who people like to pick on because he is a little over the top.  The man can cook.  Thats what matters.
5	Descent wine list... Verry resonably priced.  Had the Pan Seared Striped Bass on Red Wine Braised Leeks, Spinach and Basil Pesto Gnocchi with Sundried Tomato Tapenade and Blue Cheese Cream Sauce.  Menu in always changing..(good thing)  .  Dress is casual which is great!  The waiters are hiding in the rafters... then when & if you drop your napkin, in 2 seconds flat a waiter swipes it up and sets it on your lap!  Worth the elegance and attention!!!!  and if your ever in new orleans, I can't say enough about any of his restaraunts.
4	Emeril on TV is freakin annoying and he thinks he's a genius chef just because he BAM! threw in some garlic. Whoop-de-doo. But his restaurants, on the other hand, actually showcase some of his cooking talents. I had a stomachache before coming here, so I was in no mood to eat a huge meal. I'm used to New Orleans gumbo (which is the best) and my mother's, so I'm spoiled, but this was definitely memorable. My date ordered the surf and turf, which was a filet mignon and crab dish with these great potatoes. I wish I had been hungrier so I could eat more, but alas, it simply means I have to go back when I'm starving.
2	My boyfriend and I went to Emeril's with very high expectations.  We went for lunch.  I had a shrimp po' boy sandwich.  My boyfriend a steak sandwich.  I have to say I am soooo dissapointed for a $20 sandwich i really expected more.  I have had better sandwiches at quiznos.  I don't know if i put my expectations too high, or what.  But basically it sucked.  Bad food, not memorable decor.  But i guess we were paying for a name, not quality! :(
2	NOT A FAN.  I only refrained from giving one-star because the Ahi Tuna is probably one of the prettiest dishes I've seen (take a look at my pic NOW haha)Luckily I didn't go in super high expectations, but I can't imagine this standing up to many of the other restaurants within 20 feet walking distance.  We ordered the Crusted Ahi Tuna and the Pecan Crusted Redfish.  Appearance was awesome!  The Ahi Tuna's taste was alright, and I just didn't enjoy the Redfish.  I understand that tastes/types of food differ and this many not have been the spot for me, but my complaints come from the service.Problem number one is that we had two waiters through the night, which is already confusing.  Maybe they got their game plan confused:  They each asked us "how we were doing" once during dinner.  They asked within a minute of each other, immediately after we received food and before we started eating.  Awesome.Problem number two is possibly related to how young I look (or maybe I'm looking into it too much).  The waiter dropped off the menu when he seated us.  After our meal he didn't ask if we wanted dessert and dropped off our check.  Now, this normally wouldn't bother me too much.  I started getting pissed when our same waiter (the one that gave us our menu) seated an older couple right next to us.  He proceeded to give a detailed explanation of their specialty dishes, recommendations, as well as explaining the option of a pricey prix-fixe tasting menu.  I'm not saying I would have ordered differently if I did get the speel, but still....give it regardless!  Also, I was peeking around at all the desserts passing by -drool-...but not like we had the opportunity to order anyways.I felt pretty neglected (we all just need some love right?) especially for a restaurant that wasn't even half-full.  It's one of the only instances that I've walked out and complained directly to the host.  He seemed very sincere which was nice...but didn't offer for us to give them another chance, if you know what i mean ;)
5	the best sea food i ever had in my life!
2	Of course we tried it, for the name associated with it, however we were not impressed with the food.  We had a light lunch at the bar, service was good, the decor is very attractive and chic.  We were actually going there for lunch and decided on going light after viewing the menu and the prices,  The menu was not the most inventive for their few choices and the prices were a bit rich for our blood, for a casino lunch.We had already ordered drinks, my hubby a coke and myself a glass of Chardonnay.  He had the New England clam chowder and I had the crab dip.  We were not impressed at all and still walked out paying too much money!Emeril, I love you baby but the BAM factor was not here.
2	Enjoyed a slice of banana cream pie after a lovely day at the spa.  I had high hopes but unfortunately the BCP wasn't all that.  It was giant (good) but it wasn't very flavorful (bad).  The service was top notch and it was a good people watching spot however, the BCP was lacking.   Sorry Emeril!
4	It was my first time in Vegas with my husband and a friend who had been here before told me that I had to go to Emril's so we made reservations. It was on the late side, but I guess that's what we get for waiting 'til the last min...ah well. We were in and that's what was important to me!The restaurant is rather dark, but I guss it's all about the ambiance (aside from the food). My husband ordered soup for a starter, but wasnt a fan. For our entrees, I ordered a 2lb lobster and polished it off--it was WONDERFUL! I forgot what my husband got, but he seemed to like it :o)Service was great, attentive and didnt mind being waved for picture taking duties.
3	Expensive for the quality of the food, but better than I had expected. Dessert wasn't as good as the main course. Nifty looking bar.
4	This was my first time in a restaurant run by a Food Network celebrity chef.  I was skeptical, but things were better than I thought they'd be.  For lunch, my husband and I shared the barbecued shrimp appetizer--flavorful and perfectly prepared.  He had a burger made with beef, pork, and bacon for his entree and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I went for the fried oyster po' boy--I could have used more remoulade sauce, but I didn't ask...was too lazy and too hungry.  We were both too full for dessert, but the servers told us that it's not uncommon for people to come back later, and sit at the bar for an afternoon or evening dessert.  The service was excellent--absolutely no complaints or criticisms.  If there is a drawback, it's a bit on the high side in price, but it's Vegas and it's Emeril's.
4	We came here for my cousin Danny's birthday a couple of years back... we were with a huge group of my cousins partying it up for his big day, and Danny wanted to come here for lunch.My brother and I were broke, and this place is spendy... so we decided to get something simple like soup, and an appetizer.  The soup was creamy with chunks of sausage, but it must not have been that phenomenal or putrid, because I don't remember what it tasted like.I move on to order the crab cakes... I figure this is a famous dude's New Orleans kitchen, so the crab cakes would be sublime.... I was SO WRONG.  They were so fishy, I could not finish them.  To give you some insight, I cannot tolerate even the fishiest of an aftertaste..... salmon is out, sea bass, as is red snapper... pretty much EVERYTHING except for tuna (albacore), shrimp, and crab.  I loathe that pungent seafood taste with all of my being... maybe I was a fish in my past life??  Anyhow, crab is usually very tolerable to me, but this just grossed me out.  I felt like I was eating the dirtiest part of the ocean out, and she hadn't showered for a week.Ugh.  Well, you see the four stars... you want to know why?  Not because of the pretentious waitstaff, who were so annoyed by my brother and my under-$50 tab... not the overdone, ugly decor, and the cheesy plates with Emeril's signature on them... not the pricelist.... the BANANA CREAM PIE.This pie was A-MOTHERFUCKIN-MAZING.  In fact, my cousin was right.... this is this restaurant's Saving Grace.  I still have dreams about that pie, from it's light and rich-at-the-same-time whipped topping (with chocolate!!!!) to the firm, buttery bananas... to that golden, savory, perfectly-spiced crust (that my brother so awesomely called "that  amazing junk on the bottom") that just tied the whole thing together like a gift from the Gods.  This Banana Cream Pie is the only reason I would ever  grace Emeril's restaurant with my presence and hungry stomach... and hard-earned dollars.  Try it and you'll understand.
4	I have ate here with my family and friends.  The food is very good, service is excellent.  I really enjoy how the get as many waiters/waitress needed and all service your food all at once.  The cost is a bit high, but is worth the experience.  If you do plan on dining here, make sure you make a reservation or else youll be waiting for hours and getting a small table.
3	After seeing the overly hyped "Ka" at the MGM Hotel, my group of friends and I walked into Emeril's New Orleans Fish House.  I was a little ambivalent about our choice since it was a Thursday evening during Spring Break and there was no wait, especially for a big group. We ordered tons of food.  We split the crab cakes to start.  I also ordered Emeril's mouth watering, best tasting corn chowder ever!  It was a splendid blend of cheese (which I absolutely love), bacon and corn.  It was a nice size bowl of soup that I could just eat for days straight.  I had a glass of wine which was also to die for, unfortunately I don't remember the name.  And of course if the appetizers and soup are magnificent, one would expect their main course to be a complete bombshell.  Oh was I in for a disappointment, I ordered the Opah with Emeril's own seasoning.  I hate to say it but it was the driest piece of fish that I have ever tasted.  I was immediately disappointed and really just wanted to order another cup of my bacon corn chowder.  I would return purely for the bowl of heavenly soup.  Mmmm mmm...  So I'd say this place was definitely not worth the hype. There are tons of other restaurants in Vegas that are worth the dollar.
3	Delicious.  Small portions (expected from this kind of restaurant).  Great service. Decent drinks. Tastebuds satisfied, but not the belly.
3	Good service, good food, but little bit pricey.  After having several cocktails at the gambling tables, i really needed to get some food into my stomach.  We grab a taxi from the Wynn to MGM on Saturday night for some good steak.  However, the 'other' steak restaurant was totally booked and no more tables for the night.  Plan B - one door down is Emeril's.  No wait and we were promptly seated.  Never thought I will be eating at Emeril's in Vegas but I need to eat!The ravioli was little too firm for my taste but the steak was great!  The staff were very friendly and courteous.  Cheers,
4	The only reason I put this at 4 stars is below. The food is pricey and you leave starving which is a shame. The place is pretentious beyond belief. For instance, when you order clam chowder, they bring out a mini pot to serve it to you in another bowl. There is about enough clam chowder in the bowl to serve an infant mouse. The Steak Sandwhich on a roll is cold and really not worth it. I also had the steak on a board which really screams, just put it on a plate and give it to me. The reason I come here is one reason. The Banana Creme Pie. Let's get one thing straight. I have no sweet tooth whatsoever. I could care less if I ever ate chocolate again. This thing is simply amazing. The graham cracker crust is the key to what makes this thing brilliant. If I were you, I would go to Emeril's Delmonico's instead. Pretentious, but better menu options. And of course you can still get a BCP.
2	There are several things anyone has a right to expect when encountering one of the plethora of Emeril's restaurants, and a few additional ones that pertain exclusively to the "NOFH." So allow me to recount my recent visit in these terms:1. Ambience - a five! This is my first visit since they've redone the place, and it soars above the previous incarnation.2. Service -- a five! It was impeccable. Every person we encountered did their job perfectly.3. Price -- a four. Ok...it's the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, so you have to expect to pay. The wine list, however, did seem a bit bloated with more one, two and three "C-note" bottles than necessary. I had to seak out the lowly $40 Chardonnay befitting my modest budget. The entrees also called for a %-age or two  more pain than might seem necessary.4. The drinks -- a three. A Hendricks martini with olives -- excellent....but why the additional price? It was good, but no better...and not any larger than the same elsewhere.5. The entree -- a four. The sea bass special was very good...not any better, however, than many other more moderately priced SB elsewhere.6. The dessert -- A ZERO. Bread pudding......?!?! Huh??? It was a load of warm, whiskey-hinted [not soaked] cream sauce with a few "turdlettes" of bread pudding bobbing to the surface now and then. I must admit, in candor, that I like my BP on the dry side, but even so....this was a tasteless exercise in disappointment. [For those of you who wander in and out of Claremont, CA -- try The Press's version. And you "Emeril" people might give it a try too!]7. The "hot starter": MINUS FIVE. Let me spell out what I ordered....so you can "drink in" the irony -- M-A-R-Y-L-A-N-D B-L-U-E C-R-A-B C-A-K-E.   This is a "New Orleans" restaurant, right?? And isn't blue crab a *specialty*? Well, I was EXPECTING an excellent version of the justly famous MBCC! What I got was something that your local Denny's might THROW AWAY as inferior!! Sure there were *some* flakes of Blue Crab in it....barely discernable from the breading! AND it was coated.....heavily coated with STUFF -- then deep fried!!!! Oh Emeril, Emeril, Emiril....whither goest thou?!?! I'm a devotee of *both* "Live" and "Essence," and I know I've seen E himself prepare REAL MBCC's. I expected no less at his NOFH....but received far far far less!! [Just give me a pound or two of fresh lump and a can of Old Bay, and I WILL SHOW YOUR COOKS WHAT TO DO WITH IT.] Maybe the $8 per CC should have tipped me off....instead it just ticked me off!I'm from Baltimore and I know crab cakes....but these, Mr. Celebrity Chef, were no crab cakes.
4	Are they starting to go downhill in service?   Went again recently, service just seemed off for some reason.   I am taking away a star, sorry Emeril.Otherwise, the food was very good!I had the six-course chef menu with wine pairing (at 145 bucks thats a great deal... well ok thats subjective but I thought it was a good deal).   One thing though... that was a lot of damn food.
4	I normally could care less about Emeril (my elderly father and all of his friends love him so maybe it's an old association thing...) but our friends were so excited as we'd seen Emeril himself earlier in the day, so hell, maybe it was a good omen.Indeed.  I was not sure what to expect but the restaurant itself was high end without being stuffy or pretentious and the staff was extremely helpful and fast. My only urging would be is to actually order the fish as, after all, it is a fish house.  My group ordered steaks and pork that was just okay, but my salmon dish was worth the $$$ we dropped in that place!Totally worth it for first-timers in Las Vegas looking for something worth their money.
5	Maybe the best meal I've ever had.We had the petite tasting menu for $65. With soft drinks, tax and tip, it came out to about $85-$90 per person. The meal was fantastic. Started out with a light salad, great citrus after taste. Then moved on to a salmon jambalaya, which was pretty good. Flavor was average, but the salmon was perfectly cooked (real moist, not flaky at all). and then the main course was fantastic. maybe the best dish I've ever had. perfect portions. pork tenderloin on mashed potatoes, with eggplant and a balsamic vinaigrette reduction. so tasty. everyone at the table agreed. the dessert was just okay for me but everyone else loved it. it was a chocolate cake, kinda dry, but i liked that it wasn't too sweet.
4	Decor/ambience was nice.Service was great.  They bring enough servers to be able to place everyone's dishes in front of them simultaneously which I thought was pretty cool (I know, I'm a dork).They start off by giving you a dinner roll and a piece of cornbread.  Though they weren't bad, I expected more from Emeril.  Of course I wouldn't downgrade a restaurant just because of bread but I love bread and good bread can certainly make a difference in your opinion of the restaurant.The rest of the food, from the appetizers to the main course (we didn't have room for dessert, though I regret not trying the banana creme pie), was extremely flavorful.  The gumbo had a nice little kick to it but it wasn't overpowering.  The baked scallops on the half shell (3 per order)  and the fried blue crab cakes were both quite tasty.I ordered the barbecued salmon (I know, I never imagined joining those two things together) and I thought it was delicious.  I usually prefer salmon raw because restaurants tend to overcook them and dry them out, but this one was cooked just right: tender, moist and full of flavor.The prices were a bit higher than usual but that's what you get for eating at a place with a big name attached to it.All in all, I enjoyed this meal.  But I should mention... as flavorful as I thought the food was, I thought everything was a bit salty (if you're Korean, the more accurate word would be 'jjah') so keep that in mind when you go.
4	I wavered b/t 3 or 4 stars but went on the liberal side, mainly because of their infamous banana cream pie. Went there about 3 years ago for the first time and that is the best banana cream pie I've ever had.  Went there again a couple of weeks ago after a couple of drinks so I wasn't as focused on the fine dining experience as I was just getting some sustenance in my stomach.Had the ribeye which was very good, perfect flavors, not too salty and cooked to the medium rare perfection I requested.  My mom had their side of jambalaya which was good but a tad on the salty side.  Overall, it was good, I do think their quality has gone down a bit in comparison from when they first open, but of course, that is to be expected.
5	I'm only reviewing one thing here:BANANA CREAM PIE5.5 STARSInstructions:Find two seats at the bar.Order Slice of Banana Cream Pie to ShareOrder Two Glasses of Wine or CoffeeOrder Two Glasses of WaterRequest Two Large ForksEatDrinkGo Home Happy.This is one of those desserts that's worth coming here separately after eating dinner someplace else...IMHO.  Also serves as a temporary pain reducer after losing a month's salary at the craps table.
3	a few of us went to vegas for thanksgiving day weekend and while we were walking around MGM hotel we came across this place and thought - dood we gotta eat here, this is the BAM! guy. so, we made reservations that night and i gotta admit it's a big disappointment. a friend ordered a chicken dish, another peep ordered a fish dish w/ some sort of bbq sauce and another fella ordered the rib eye and i got the grand chef testing menu. so here's the dillyo (out of 5 star) appetizer: - gumbo - 2.4 star... dood this dish was disappointing... it's like a wannabe man's new orlean's gumbo. i mean, i get it - u gotta "vegas'nize" the flavor but geez c'mon... you're EMERIL the BAM! guy... known for strong authentic new orleans flavor! so sad... and what's with that little pot u pour from into the bowl??? that's sorta whack.food: - chicken dish - 4 star - pretty daymn good - fish dish with some sort of shoestring onion ring and bbq sauce - 3 star- ribeye (med rare) - 3 star (it's swimming in sorta funky smoky tart sauce - but that's subjective to taste of course) - grand chef tasting menu - 2.5 star - oh... this was the MOST disappointing for $85 you sorta would think that none of the dishes would remind u of a carl's junior western bacon cheeseburger... rt??? ok so if i remember correctly - the gran chef tasting is...1 some sort of lobster salad (it's actually good but somewhat mushy) 2. a scallop dish (this was the best dish) 3. a bbq fish dish that reminded of carl's junior western bacon cheeseburger in taste 4. pork tenderloin (pretty daymn good, but that tomato cooley sauce wasn't my thing) and a few others... there was NO dish that made me go wow... i once ate at masushito's in beverly hills and ordered their $150 tasting menu and that shit made me go wow... i would say avoid the tasting menu and go with a stand alone item. service: 3 star... the people were very very very nice but they never could repeat the chef tasting menu from heart... they ALWAYS forgot and to check their notes. it's not a big deal but if u have top tier price u better come with ur A game service. so... would i come here again? sadly no... but i'll try his steakhouse - i heard the prime rib is divine.
4	here i begin my yelp review bombardment. i came to emeril's over a year ago with my family. we were looking for a place to eat after we checked into our hotel. it was either emeril's or craftsteak. craftsteak was closing and couldn't accomodate 11 of us so emeril's it was. one thing i knew coming in was that emeril's could make some tasty desserts. some of the dishes we ordered were: cedar plank new york strip- nice and smokeydouble cut pork chop- juicy, perfectly cooked (medium rare- medium)surf and turf (filet and prawns) - mediocre at bestbanana cream pie - to die for as you can see in the photosseafood stew/bouillabase- perfect balance of broth to seafoodservice was very accomodating, especially for a big party last second. i would not visit emeril's again only because of the prices. (my dad ended up paying for us)
4	Stopped here for lunch before the Las Vegas Bowl.  I ordered the Gumbo of the Day and Seared Shrimp with Parmesan Custard, Broccolini and Red Wine Glaze. I wondered about this seemingly weird combination, but it worked.  Especially with the glass of Emeril's Red Table Wine my waiter, Rocco (Yes, Rocco) convinced me to order.  Rocco was a blast.  He was personable, friendly and genuine.  He even gave me his personal recommendations for the best cheese steaks in Philly.
3	The menu is quite small, not many options, just really just one of each (1 steak, one fish, one pork option. . . ) You probably have at most 7 entree choices. For the multi-tasting menus, they only allow you to do it if your whole party is going to do it which sucked because we were 12 and 4 people from the group wanted to do it weren't allowed. The wines offered in the wine list are quite expensive, not many cheap options. Majority of the wines (per bottle) had a price tag of $150+.The food had quite a good taste, very well seasoned and very rich in flavor. I had the Rib Eye which had great taste with a side of lobster tail which was quite small, seemed like a big shrimp for the price of $36 for just that.The tab ended out at $1200 which averages about $100 per person which seems quite expensive when two of us shared meals with other people, we did have two $52 wine bottles but still i think it was quite expensive when there were just 5 appetizers ordered and 10 meals. The wait for the food was quite long as well id say we waited 45 mins for our food to arrive.Giving it a 3 because food was good, but the price, the wait, and the choices weren't too good.
1	We heard so many good things about Emeril's but were so disappointed! First, we had to wait quite a bit after being seated for our waiter and menus. I kind of stared all around looking for a waiter.  Ok fine, you may be busy, but give us something when we sit so we don't twiddle our thumbs... We had a show to catch and wanted to make sure we had time to enjoy the dinner.Anywho, looked through the menu and I decided to get something off the dinner menu and the bf wanted to have the tasting menu. Sounds good yea? No. we can't do that.  The waiter came by and said we both had to do the tasting menu so the timing of the food would be the same.... Ok.... you couldn't have told us when you handed us the menus? Thanks! Let's spend another few minutes choosing. Well, since we weren't going to be in LV that often, we decided to spurge and both do the petite tasting menu for $65. Not bad for  4 courses. But I wasn't really digging the choices. Mixed greens with crab meat in soy vinaigrette - Really soy sauce? not the flavors I was hoping for. Wasn't bad tho, tasty and sweet.Seared Salmon with potatoes and sausage - Nothing special, not memorable at all, but tasted ok. How unmemorable? Well, as I was waiting for my 3rd course to be RECOOKED, I could not recall this dish...Pork tenterloin with cheesey mash potatoes -  Ok to be fair I wasn't looking forward to this dish because I already had an Awesome pork tenderloin the night before at Mesa Grill, so expectations may have been set a bit high... but my god I wasn't expecting this. Since we both had the same dish, you'd expect them to be executed the same. Nope, never assume. I first took a bite of the mash potatoes and noticed it was cool, so I touched the plate but it was kinda luke warm. The pork sauce was cold. The meat was more on the rare side of medium rare, tho I asked for medium. Who cooks pork rare? Do I look like I wanna take a gamble for a tapeworm?  The bf's was medium so I had a piece of his. Flavors were decent, but once again nothing special. Back to my rare piggie... We called for a waiter who asked what's wrong. I told him my pork was raw and he called another waitress to help. She asked if it was ok if she brought out another one. So I agreed and they took my raw one away. Lo and behold I get my 3 but pieces back.  Are they suppose to recook the same pieces?  At least the mash potatoes were warm this time. I actually didn't know there was cheese in it the first time since it was so cold, the cheese wasn't stringy. Took 2 bits and called it quits. It was still a little too pink for me.By now I really just wanted to leave, but we still had dessert. They had apple strudel listed. Confused, but hoped for the best because for a restaurant of this caliber if they have something this simple, it must be good! Once again, do not assume... (I don't gamble, this is why: I suck at it)Apple strudel with ice cream- Strudel was pale white, ice cold, chewy, doughy and just plain uncooked.  The plating of the items was also not centered.  (Please see picture) What a lovely way to end the evening. If you are coming here, I do not recommend the tasting menu. There was one thing I did like tho, the dinner roll. It was light, fluffy and fresh. I recommend that. I had 2.
4	went 2 weeks ago for dinner and enjoyed it!the service was kinda slow but the food definetly make up for iti had the ribeye steak and it was cooked perfectlythe mashed potato that comes with the steak is just too good & they have really good bread!
2	With all the hype over Emeril, his restaurant at the MGM lacks the southern hospitality and comfort of Cajun cooking you expect. The restaurant is situated at the center of the MGM casino and the location reminds me more of a restaurant you'd find at a strip mall. The decor is nice but unmoving with no view to the outdoors. The restaurant also lacks its own restrooms, so you have to use the casino's facilities located down the corridor--try explaining to your party why it took you so long to get back from the restroom...As for the food, it is way over seasoned, be it the crab cakes, the Texan Redfish, the gumbo or the pork chops. The quality of the ingredients was also questionable. The pork chops were poor cuts, completely fatty, and cooked poorly (burnt on the outside and rare on the inside). Finally, this seemingly fancy restaurant is without a sommelier, although it boasts a comprehensive wine selection.  Our server recommended a white wine (as most of the dining party had fish) which was more of a desert wine that did not compliment any of the dishes.  With the food being salty, the wine tasted even sweeter. In the end, great company, not the restaurant, made the dining enjoyable.
3	This was a nice stop on a hectic vegas  weekend.  Came here for lunch and the ambiance was chill.  Staff was attentive and the food was good.  Prices were also reasonable.  I had these scallops in chimichurri sauce that were very good.  Scallops were cooked well and not raw like on Hells Kitchen.   A good no frills restaurant if you're staying in the MGM.
4	We ate here for an early dinner before our 9pm flight home. I was unimpressed with their service. We came in quite early and the staff was watching a game, and chitchatting. Although our waiter ended up being quite nice and gave very helpful suggestions, the man who served our water was distracting and almost looked like he was on drugs. The ribeye was quite good. The broccolini was cooked nicely but was rather expensive. If you are staying at the MGM, this is a good destination if you want to pay a little less than all their other restaurants. It might be a better destination for lunch.
4	I had a really good experience here and would definitely come back. I must say that the service was quite spotty though. Our waiter was almost rude and didn't give very good recommendations when it came to the wine. He would also come and clear our plates while people would be in mid conversation - just butting in rather than waiting for the person to finish like most well trained waiters at nice establishments should and do. The food more than made up for this though. Although the menu is indeed not very extensive, I thought everything we tried was delicious. I came here with a fairly large group and since none of us could make a decision about what we wanted to order, we decided to just order a bunch of things and share them. This isn't really a "family style" type of place but it worked out just fine for all of us.... although the waiter was rude about it, huffing under his breath "that won't be enough food". He clearly wanted each of us to order three courses and drop more money. He was also visibily irritated when we didn't order multiple bottles of wine. Anyway, back to the food: for appetizers we ordered the braised short rib beef ravioli which was awesome. It came on top of a bed of celery root puree which had a really great flavor. We also got the fried calamari with pepperoncini, tomato and cucumber salad that had a really great spicy kick to it, and also the salad the of the day which had blue crabmeat, apple, and candied pecans which was also wonderful and light. For entrees we got the monkfish which was on the specials list which was delicious and buttery, the ribeye which was cooked perfectly and the chicken that was also delicious and flavorful and juicy. We got a side of jambalaya which was amazing and also the bourbon sweet potato puree which was amazingly rich. The desserts were what really made this meal though. We got a special white chocolate bread pudding which was really one of the best desserts I've ever had, along with an impressive cheesecake and a caramel pecan torte.
4	We even got to meet Emeril himself!!!!!!!!!!!!!                        -jk-First time in Vegas we wanted to eat somewhere real nice. So we decided to come here.. I ordered the pork medialllions (cause I'm such a freakin carnivore)   The service was great, they waitress was very friendly and she answered all of the questions we had about the menu and she was very professional. The restaurant is big and nice and even if all tables were filled we weren't sitting close to anyone - so good table privacy. The food was excellent and nicely displayed on our plates.We probably won't come back here because of the millions and millions of other retaurants in Vegas but for those who are thinking of going this is a good place if you are staying at MGM!
2	when you visit a celebrity chef's restaurant, you expect a lot. when you visit emeril's you expect BAM! out of every bite.nah. the food is ok, something i would try again if i didn't have to spend $$$ and if it was located in skokie. otherwise, i found my meal un-BAM worthy and ordinary.
2	Horrible wait staff and mediocre food are tainting this review. I was at MGM for a work conference and a group of us stopped in for lunch. It was very empty, but you would have thought they were slammed at how furious an 8 top table didn't have reservations. So then we get seated and our waiter asks for our drink orders. He was very irritated none of us ordered alcohol. A specific quote, "8 adults and all I have is waters and 2 iced teas? Really people, start acting your age." It was not said in a joking tone and made several in the group very agitated. Then, he commented on the fact that we all ordered from the lunch menu and did not want any appetizers ("You all are really watching the purse strings, huh?). We were so angry by the time our food came (did I mention it took forever??), we could not wait to leave. I would definitely never recommend it nor would I return.
1	Had the 4-course tasting menu. Worst meal I have ever had for this amount of money. 4 people $400 tab. Horrible. Horrible. Horrible. Also, we ordered "Lychee Martini" - DAMN! That drink was really, really strong! Wonder why? Because it was ALL lychee vodka in a freakin' martini glass. Are you serious? So, it was really like 3 straight up lychee flavored vodka shots in a fancy little martini glass. Not worth the money. If you're going to come here, don't waste your money on the tasting menu... save it for steak or something else that will fill your tummy. At least you'll come out full. Won't be coming back here again....
2	I paid 86 dollars for the 4 course tasting menu and left totally unsatisfied.  I think the salmon dish was the only thing I liked.  I ordered a Lychee martini because the waiter said they had it.  It came out STRONG!!!!!!  I told the waiter I couldn't drink this strong concoction...all I tasted was vodka.  He told me it was straight lychee flavored vodka!  Yikes! Had I known that...I wouldve gotten something more wussy than a lychee martini.  ironic huh!
4	Great food, great service.  The drinks were good too.  Very pretty inside.
3	I was treated to a lovely dinner here and found the restaurant to be A-OK.The service was good and the food was delicious.The prices are reasonable too...after drinks, dinner and dessert, we weren't left feeling like we paid too much.
2	What a disappointment. I had read the reviews, which were mixed, but since I was in the area I decided to give it a try and I'm sad that I did. I ordered the gumbo, a crab melt type appetizer, and the banana cream pie. The gumbo was average, I've had much better before at other places. The crab melt appetizer was disgusting- I ordered it based on the recommendation of the waitress. It is crab in some mayonnaise like sauce that you are supposed to spread on these crostinis that they give you. The sauce didn't taste very good- too sweet- and the crab tasted fishy. Overall, the only redeeming thing about the meal was the famous banana cream pie. I overheard the waitress telling other people that some people go here just to have that alone. I was thinking- what a great idea- that is what I should have done! So keep it in mind.
4	Service and food here is great.Food is of very high quality and the service is attentive and extremely helpful. Prices are a little high but nothing outrageous and is definitely worth it for the quality of food you are getting. The decor is okay. Lots of white going on. Doesn't feel like a place you would see these types of prices. Not that it wasn't nice, it just wasn't anything fancy. I came in a group of 10 so I got to try pretty much the entire menu. It was all very good.Overall, I would come here again. Food is good and service is top notch. You are getting what you pay for here. I would pay again and again.
4	I've been here a couple times now, and haven't been disappointed!  The service was great, for starters.  I had the Texas Redfish which was terrific.  It's a little spendy - $120+ for 2 people - but a good experience. Emeril's has a huge wine list, but very few wines by the glass.  Not a big deal with a group, but if you're by youself and/or have different tastes than others at your table, get a beer.
4	My wife and I tried this seafood restaurant right before we left Vegas one Sunday afternoon and it was a wonderful conclusion to a great Vegas weekend. The restaurant is nice, but casual. It's been a while since we were here but I still think about the wonderful Pan seared Sea Scallops over butter and pasta. The Scallops were seared and cooked to perfection and the butter and noodles complemented the flavor perfectly and knocked it out of the park. For desert, don't forget the banana creme pie!
1	I had several trusted family members and a few yelpers with similar tastes as myself tell me that I needed to make a stop at Emeril's.  They all told me the same thing, service was top notch, the food was amazing and every single one of them gave me rave reviews and stories about their evening.  So I marked it as a place we had to stop off at.Let me just say that I do not hate Emeril the chef.  And while I can't stand to sit down and watch his cook show, I actually respect him as a cook, more importantly as a philanthropist, with the foundations he has set up and all the work he has done to repairing New Orleans.  That said I think I could have just given one of those foundations 200 bucks cash, and I think I would have been left feeling more satisfied then I did dinning and paying for the meal that I had here.So let's begin with the evening, we started out all well and good, and we wanted to try the chefs tasting menu, my g/f who is much smaller then me didn't think she could handle eating four courses, so what we wanted to do was I would order the 4 course tasting menu, and she would pick out three dishes of her own, she was going to get a salad, soup and main and we were just going to split the dessert.  The server then told us we couldn't because the kitchen couldn't get the timing on the dishes going out to the table.  I then asked would it make it better if we ordered two desserts, to which he said no.  He then went and told us that if we each are sitting at the same table and wanted to do the chefs tasting menu we each had to order it.  I asked him, if I were to come alone would I be allowed to order the tasting menu, and he told me I could.  I couldn't figure out or understand why it would be different if two people were sitting at the same table.  Anywho we both got the tasting menu in the end.Salad:  Blue crab meat, red onion, carrot, cucumber & mixed greens tossed in sweet soy vinaigrette, with fried pickled ginger and sesame seeds.Simple clean flavors, the crab meat was cooked to keep it's natural sweetness and delicate texture which was great, however the vinaigrette was a bit strong for my tastes can seemed to overpower then entire dish.  It was an OK dish, it did seem like it was something I could go to any fusion-asian restaurant though.Seafood:  Sweet Barbecued Loch Duart Salmon on Andouille, sausage and potato brabants with spicy onion crust and Emeril's housemade Worcestershire.With all the work and things that they did for this dish, it was ultimately forgettable at best, what ever was on the crust for flavor was long gone by the time I got to eat it and with all the elements that went into creating this dish I thought it would have had a bigger impact, additionally, with all the ingredients the presentation of the dish was sloppy.Meat:  Grilled Pork Tenderloin & baja shrimp on white cheddar, cheese and chive mashed potatoes with caramelized onion reduction and flash fried kale.What can I say about this dish?  This is where things went really down hill.  We got our dishes and first thing I notice is that the portion sizes are different, mine is smaller and more rectangular then hers, and even without cutting it open I knew my piece was way, overcooked, her's on the other hand was pretty questionably undercooked.  (Bloody pork.)  I thought the reason we did this all this was so they could get the cooking time right on the tasting menu!  I was dumbfounded and flagged a server, (ours was no where to be seen) she then looked at it and told us it was normal.  I told her it was the pork dish from the tasting menu not a beef dish.  She then took it back and the chef's went and re-fired her meat.Desert:  Apple Strudel with Caramel Sauce, Caramel ice cream and whipped cream.I really didn't get this dish, I thought it was supposed to be a warm strudel dish but that could be enjoyed with the ice cream and Caramel sauce, it was cold the entire dish was cold.  The pastry shell on top was soggy and cold throughout, it was actually frozen to the bottom of the plate.  It was inedible.  Two bites and we were done.Sadly the one good thing that stood out from this night is the bread, it was the only thing that I could say was really good and memorable.  The rest of the menu was forgettable, poorly executed, and frankly a disappointment.  We saw our server only a few times that night, when he came to take our order, when he brought two of our four dishes and the check.  That was it, sadly, it was a very slow weekend, the restaurant was very empty and there was an abundance of wait staff, and bus boys, but for some reason they were all to busy to refill drinks.  The couples at the other tables next to us said they noticed the same thing.  So sorry guys, Emeril's may have been a great restaurant at one time, but it wasn't when we were there, and with all the choices of restaurants in Vegas these days, there are plenty of other places I would rather spend my money.
4	I was really pleasantly surprised. Emeril doesn't excite me on TV, and really seems to make some sloppy dishes. But, the fish I had here was excellent. It was flaky and crisp and served with a rich, creamy, delicious sauce. We also ordered a cheesy orzo dish that was decadent and lovely. I would definitely give this place a try.
4	I absolutely loved this place! We had made reservations our first visit. Even though we were early and it was getting packed, they let us in before our time. I ordered a whole lobster (which my husband ate half) and it was delicious. I forgot what he ordered but he was drunker than hell! It didn't matter how drunk he was they tolerated it better than most restaurants I've been to. I can't wait to go back there again...plus they don't skimp on the alcohol.
4	My mom watches this guy on TV. Bam! Its pretty good. We have never gotten past drinks and appetizers but we have been here a ton. Always busy. Drinks and apps are always good. It is in a good spot too. If you are a boxing fan its a great place to sit before the fight and have a quick drink. The atmosphere is OK (compared to the other over the top Vegas places its not great).
5	We're a fan of all of Emeril's restuarants. The Fish House at MGM is special to us for this is the one that started our devout following.The food is always good.  We have yet to have a bad meal there. I personally like the Salmon (but it's ALL good). The salads are always quite tasty as well.As for dessert, there is only one choice... the banana cream pie. Sometimes we go to Emeril's and order ONLY that becuase its soooo good!!!The service is always top-notch, even from the moment we walk in the door. Even though we probably only make it to one of Emeril's places once a year, they always seem to recognize us as returning customers.The wait staff is always attentive.... sometimes too attentive. One time we noticed that the wait staff was very eager to make sure our water glasses were filled and quick to pick up a dropped napkin or replace a utensil. So, we made a little game of seeing how quickly they'd react by dropping a napkin here & emptying a water glass there... the didn't let us down!!!!
5	DELICIOUS! That's the perfect word to describe your meal here, just pure delicious. You won't be disappointed when dining here. The service is impeccable, and attentive. They are some of the most courteous servers that I've ever encountered. A group of 4 friends and I during our first trip to Vegas, made this our grand dinner location and that it was. From the amazing appetizers to our fabulous entrees of succulent red fish, and scrumptious steaks, to mouth water shrimp and scallops, everything was perfect. This is some of the most seasoned and well-flavored food I've ever tasted. You won't be disappointed. Each dish is made with such care and every plate is distinct with it's own sense of flavors and personality. I live in New York City and have frequented many restaurants of the culinary bad boys, Batali, Flay, Morimoto, and Lagasse; and this is definitely one of those great restaurants that puts Emeril on that list. **Deal Seeking Diva tip** Secure yourself a reservation. You can do this even before you head to Vegas. Check out OpenTable.com and book your reservation. You can do this months or even days before you come to make sure you secure a spot at one of the most sought after tables.
5	Enjoyed a yummy array of starts here one night with a small group. We had already been snacking at an event for work at the conference center but, needed a bit more before some went to bed and before some went back out. We all enjoyed a yummy glass of something and some great starters. The food was delish and the wine list was impressive. I recommend the Crispy Fried Calamari or the "Mac-n-Cheese" with Serrano Ham.The service could have been a bit faster. Took forever to get the bill! Hello - a dance floor was CALLING MY NAME!
4	I treated myself to lunch/dinner at Emeril's while my boyfriend was stuck at a conference. Life is hard. I went for the specials of the day. I started with scallops with risotto. The two scallops were cooked perfectly, but the risotto had more bite to it and was less creamy than I like. Next I had herb crusted sea bass with potatoes and green beans. The different textures and blending of flavors made it very clear to me that this was the reason Emeril is a master chef. The entree portion was pretty large. With tip, my bill came to $52. It was a little pricey for lunch, but well worth the quality and experience.
2	Eh. I went here a few years back and it really didn't leave any sort of impression. First, I must say that I am not a seafood lover. In fact for the most part I don't like seafood and that may be where the problem lies. There wasn't much on the menu that wasn't seafood (this was not my choice to go here as I was with a group). The service was excellent and I have to say that the dessert (the bannana cream pie) was some of the best I have ever had and I would return just for dessert.
3	Overall this place was pretty good. My friend and I split the mussels and the fish of the day. It was Mahi Mahi served over orzo with a parmesan cream sauce and wild mushrooms. The fish was a tad oversalted - not unpleasantly salty but the fish didn't really need it. Mahi is pretty much a perfect creation as it is, and there's no need to do much to it.The rest of the entree was absolutely fantastic though - I loved loved loved the orzo and mushrooms and the mussels we ordered were tasty too.One slight annoyance was that they wouldn't split the entrees for us so we had to do it ourselves. I know that may not be the "classiest" thing to do at a white-tablecloth restaurant, but we each wanted to try more than one thing and we didn't want to spend 100 bucks on lunch alone. It seemed like an easy enough request to accommodate but whatever. As others have mentioned, the best part of the meal by far was the banana cream pie! If you go, you must try it. It was completely decadent without being too heavy or too sweet. The pie alone is worth the trip.
3	Mozzarella Pizza with Balsamic Reduction: loved it especially the texture.. kinda small good appetizer. The waiter recommended the clam chowder which tasted like it came outta a can..   He also recommended the shrimp salad that was whatever okay
1	Something fishy at Emeril's...I came here for dinner with a party of four a few months ago.Our meals were all pricey and were not really that great.  We got the calamari and the scallops for the appetizer.  Both of which were OK, but not that great.  For the entree, we had the salmon, steak, chicken, and pork chops.  I had the salmon and did not really care for the overpowering and almost offensive barbeque sauce it was covered in.  The other entrees were described as just "OK" and "I've had better". The real trouble began when we got our bill.  The other couple my wife and I were dining with had cash and I had a credit card.  To make things easier, I asked the waitress to apply the cash to our bill and put the rest on my credit card.  Not that difficult of a request.  If my local diner can accomplish this task, why not a fancy Vegas restaurant.  I don't have the exact amounts in front of me, but let's say the bill came out to $300 and my dining partners contributed a $100 dollar bill.  The amount that should have been left over for the credit card is $200.  Well, the bill comes back to the table (dropped off by someone else this time) and it is a credit card receipt for $220.  Since when does $300 minus $100 equal $220?  We called the guy over who dropped off the bill and explained everything to him and he claims to have no idea what is going on and leaves to go get our waitress.  After a bit of a wait, she comes over and we explain everything to her.  She claims the bill is correct.  After explaining basic mathematics to her and her still saying the bill is correct we then ask to please see our original bill that was dropped off at our table a few minutes ago so that we can show more clearly that $300 minus $100 does not equal $220.  She says she can't do that because their computer system won't allow it.  WTF?!  We then say OK if the computer won't allow it, don't reprint it, just bring it to us since it was here just a minute ago.  She then says they don't keep the receipts.  Do they burn them upon payment?  What the hell is she talking about they don't keep the receipts from 10 minutes ago?  We then get pissed off and demand to know what happened to the receipt.  "It must still be in the restaurant somewhere", we tell her.  The waitress, now very annoyed and red-faced, says she will be back.  We waited for about 10 minutes as she and the guy who had dropped off the check were huddled around a computer screen.  The restaurant was closing at this point and we were the last customers left.  The waitress and waiter disappear into the back for another few minutes and then she comes out and rudely slaps down a waded up piece of paper which was our itemized receipt that was supposedly no longer available for us to see.  We then went through the whole math equation again with her and wanted to know where the extra $20 charge came from.  She then told a story about how their computer system automatically splits bills that way if you apply cash to a credit card payment.  We then say, "so you overcharge every customer who pays this way by $20 because of a computer glitch?".  Her story rambled on and on and never really made any sense.  She finally, rudely, brought us an adjusted bill after spending another 10 minutes at the computer.  Just to make sure, we pulled out the calculator and added it all up again and it was still overcharging us by about two dollars.  We did not really care about this small sum of money, but my wife pointed it out and wanted to know why we just can't get the proper amount to show on the bill.  The waitress then snaps at us and says "If you really want the two dollars I'll give it to you, is that what you want!"  We then just say "No, we don't care about a couple dollars. We just want to know why it is so difficult to just charge us for the proper amount.  Why do you keep overcharging us.  It's just the point, whether it's $2 or $20".  We then sign our receipt and she snatches it up.  When we finally left the restaurant, some of the workers were standing around giving us dirty looks like we had inconvenienced them or something.  Not sure if we were trying to be ripped off or if the whole rambling computer splitting bills that way story is true or not.  Either way, we would have given them an extra $20 had we not caught it.  I wonder if this is a common occurrence at the ol' Fish House and if this has happened to others without them knowing??? Based on the overpriced food that is not very good, the very rude and almost hostile service we received, and the very questionable billing situation we encountered, I will have to put this up there as one of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.Fish House....You Stink!
3	Good food not so great service. For some reason I enjoy a hearty meal on Sundays, so I decided that I would give Emerils a try. Came straight to the MGM from the MCcarran Rental Car Center because I wanted to take advantage of the lunch menu. My server didn't seem to enthused to see a solo diner in her section. It was very obvious because she focused all her attention on the tables directly in front of me and those on the side. She treated me as if my money was no good...that's too bad blondie because I am usually a VERY good tipper but you pissed me off. I really wish I had that overly accommodating friendly gentleman waiter because that would have given me a better overall dining experience. I would have given Emeril's 4 stars for the food. However, I had to deduct 1 star because the service needs a serious overhaul. Overall, the food was really good. Here's what I ordered: Gumbo $7.00 - VERY disappointing! It had precooked skimpy shrimp and pea sized andouille sausage that you need a microscope to see. Honestly, it tasted straight out of a soup can. Campbells makes a better gumbo than this. Sorry Emeril, I suggest you go back to the drawing board on the gumbo. Pan Roast $24.00 - Two small medallions of fish, shrimp and I believe pea sized andouille sausage in Cajun spices over rice). DELICIOUS! I was a bit skeptical after that boxed gumbo experience, but the pan roast was phenomenal. I added Emerils Kicked Up Green Pepper Sauce for an extra kick. loved the sauce so much that I purchased some to take back home. Emerils Kicked Up Green Sauce $2.80. The bomb!!! Butter Bread Pudding in Warm Whiskey Sauce - Comped because their was a glitch with my reservation. They even included a scoop of delicious cinamon ice cream. OUT OF THIS WORLD! Ice Tea $3.00 Grand Total - $39.54 before tip If you love Emeril and you just have to check Emeril's New Orleans Fish Hose off your list, consider going for lunch.
5	Went to Emeril's and liked it quite a bit. A little pricy, but it is Vegas. Had the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp and the Texas Red Fish on grits. I enjoyed both tremendously. I also had a banana bread pudding that was awesome.  My co-workers all also seemed pleased. I'll be back!  Five stars for both Emeril joints I've been lucky enough to try in Vegas.
3	It's my birthday and I want mussels - first stop is Emeril's Fish House for their version.  Before sitting down, we inquire about any oysters on the half shell being available, unfortunately no.  So we belly up to the bar and take a seat.  The menu is pretty small here, and we know what we want.  Little bread rolls arrive as we await our order.* Belgian Beer Steamed Mussels "Roasted Yukon Gold Potatoes and White Wine Mustard Aioli" ($13) - Although it says their mussels are steamed, they were a bit dried out.  Not sure if it was because it sat out too long as they piled the dish together and added the aioli or what.  The potatoes were really good though, and the aioli went quite nicely with it overall.  The mussels just weren't spectacular. Service was good - the bartenders attended to us and it was slow on a Sunday afternoon.  There wasn't much else on the menu that interested me, so onto the next restaurant we went!
4	went here for lunch just a few days ago, and this was very good.  granted, i only had the gumbo of the day (chicken, andouille, and shrimp) and an oyster po boy, but damn was it good!!  also tasted my buddy's pasta dish, which was also very good.  po boy came with some great chips as well (zappas or something??).  my other friends dessert was also stated to be "fantastic", but i can't tell you for sure!  we all went away satisfied, and i will gladly dine here next time in vegas.
3	Like last time, everything was well-cooked.I had the 4-course tasting menu.My wife had the fish of the day.  It had like a mexican taste to it.  It was good but not great.I had a:blue crab salad (a play on BLT, pretty tasty)sea bass (well-cooked, nothing special)surf and turf (sirloin & shirp, good, but nothing special)bread pudding (really really delicious, i was disappointed i was so full because I wanted to finish it)anyways...i was disappointed that there was nothing that was as good as the worst dish last year.  and nothing close to the pork tenderloin i had with last October's (2008) 4-course.and the four course was reduced to $49.  last year was $65.
5	came here for my 21st birthday dinner!!! we came late so we were the only ones in the resturant!!!!! the servers were great exspecially to deal with the drunk girl in my group... but the foood was a little to spicy!!!!! kinda dissapointed with the shrimp appatizer!! came on bread.. not cracking... more expensive then mesa grill
4	I ate here...and it was good:) My mom loves Emeril, so we brought her here.  It was a while ago, so I don't remember what we ordered, but I remember having a good experience.  It's located in the MGM.
5	I LOVE Emeril's so I'm a little biased.  Like...this was one of the top things to do when I went to Louisiana sort of LOVE.  :)A friend said it was thee best steak he had in his life.  I've gotten the bbq scallops and a few other items that i can't remember.  The lunch menu has po-boys but they're huge and if you're hungover and can't handle a lot of food like me, skip it and go for dinner. If you go with anyone who's not down to spend a little bit for a AMAZING meal, go grudgingly to the buffet.  Nothing ruins a great meal than people who don't appreciate Emeril's greatness.  I had a few friends who said it was "good' but too expensive.  (Non-foodies are not fun.)  :P  I'm not a hater if its true.  :D Be sure you save room for the BANANA CREAM PIE which is his signature dessert.  Its so good I'd give up men!  Well, assuming I could have it all the time and not gain weight.  :D  The crust is actually made WITH bananas which is why its so damned tasty.  It comes drizzled with caramel sauce and chocolate shavings...on top of dense pudding and thick slices of banana.  This little offering from heaven is big enough to share with another person but not a entire table.  Well, at least not my table.  :)
2	::shrug::i got to listen to my very closely sat next table over folks complain about their meal before ordering mine...always nice...the food was just okay... not what i expected from emeril's to be honest...my friend's cocktail was absolutely gross  and sent back...her meal was just okay as well...the roast beef po' boy was okay...not as good (or as cheap) as back in new orleans where i grew up but it was okay...they did serve zapp's potato chips which i love so that was a plus...the beignets were actually okay and that surprised me... my friend's chocolate creme brulee was just sort of there...not too exciting...i wouldn't return and in a place where there are lots of places to choose from ...i'd go to colicchio's or bobby flay's places first for sure and i wouldn't really recommend it...it's just kinda okay
5	THIS WAS SOME GOOD SH!t!!  I CANT EVEN FRONT...this is the kinda food that is pleasing to your soul.  I've been to Emeril's in Miami and now Vegas.  Emeril's food is just freakin great!  I expect less from him because he is on TV.  I'm blown away everytime I eat at one of his restaurants.  The guy that refilled the water kept busting jokes and walking away.  He was hilarious.  Bacon wrapped Scallops and Creole Boiled Wild American Shrimp.  Both dishes were to die for!   The shrimp had Old Fashion Remoulade Sauce...It was lick the plate good.  No words can put fully explain the deliciousness of that food.EMERIL...WILL YOU MARRY ME?
5	okay, so I was a bit of a skeptic upon entering for lunch. I mean, Emeril wasn't here to personally kick it up a notch, so how could I be guaranteed that my food would indeed meet his standards of notch-kicking?I was wrong.sidenote, I ran through my usual repertoire of quoting Futurama: "c'mon Elzar, kick it up another notch with your spice weasel!" "if you promise to stop interrupting, alright. against my will, I'm gonna knock it up another notch"I tried the whiskey-marinated roast beef po'boy, wanting to see how po'boys stack up against the sandwiches I'm used to. It was a huge sandwich - I want to say a foot-long, with a hearty helping of beef, lettuce, tomato, and spicy mayo.the sandwich also came with "Zapp's spicy" potato chips. and now, more Futurama jokes spilt out: "Brannigan's chips are like Brannigan's love: hard, and fast". but they were quite tasty - kettle cooked chips for the win.my advice - go during lunch. a huge, tasty, filling sandwich and some sodas will run you about $17 - in this town, that's quite a deal!you can also purchase Emeril products, like his hot sauce. the decor is nice, not shabby but not uncomfortably upscale.and now, if anyone needs me, I'll be in the Angry Dome.
5	Went for lunch our first day in Vegas. We were a group of four and we had the fish tacos, 2 po boys (you can get half shrimp & half oyster - they call it the "peace maker" and I had a house salad (yummy dressing and lots of cheese on top) and the blue crab bake. The po boys were huge and the shrimp was awesome - really tender inside their crispy fried shells! And the pickles they serve with the sandwiches are so good and unique - almost like a sweet pickle and you could tell they were fresh - crispy and a hint of cucumber. And after reading reviews on here about the banana cram pie we had to try it. And is was ahhhh-mazing! Definitely worth saving room for desert for the pie. This place did not disappoint and they serve some great martini's, too. It was pretty laid back for lunch and the service was great. The tacos come with a beer also :)
4	Good food, kinda loud/busy since it's right next to the food court and the walls are glass so people can look in at you.  The food is really good  nonetheless.  The banana cream pie they're famous for is as good as advertised.Good place to go for some good food or with a group.  But maybe not as good of a place for a date night.
3	We were starving for lunch and couldn't pick a place and ended up walking right past this place and ducked in.  We were in New Orleans two months ago and missed going to Emeril's there so we figured this was a perfect chance to make up for that indiscretion.  The atmosphere was awesome - of course it was not NOLA at all, but the interior was just gorgeous.   The pace of the service was a *tinge* slow, but I think it might have been intentional so you could relax and enjoy your food, not get it as quick as possible.  The waitstaff and hostesses were super, super nice.  The lighting was nice and we definitely enjoyed being there and the conversation.Unfortunately, the food was kinda meh.  I got a shrimp po boy, and honestly, the one I got at the little dive bar right by the hotel in NOLA was WAY WAY better and about 1/3 the price.  Joel got fish tacos - and while what he got was tasty - it could barely be called a taco - it was more like a fish quesadilla without any cheese.  It wasn't *bad* at all.  It just didn't blow me away as I expected.I definitely want to give the one in NOLA a chance, but with so many other places in Vegas to eat, I don't think I'll be getting back here any time soon.
3	First, give yourself 15 minutes to find the place - it's way in the back of the MGM grand.   We had reservations and were seated promptly upon arriving.  The ambiance is good - however, we were seated toward the back left with a "lovely" view of the food court (McDonald's!).  Service is great - perfect level of attentiveness.  They keep your water full but don't get in your way. We had the "grand tasting menu" and it was grant.  Six (or seven?) courses - at least half of the menu, but smaller sizes.   I don't want to give the impression that I didn't love it - because I did.  But for the price and reputation, I wanted to see/taste/experience a bit of culinary risk.   None, in my opinion, was taken.   Everything was safe, and rather traditional.  Nothing made me go "ahhhh" or "WOW".  In fact, I'm having a hard time recalling the tasting items (I do remember the bread pudding). I would be curious to know how often the menu changes.   For the price, next time, I'm more likely to try something else.
4	Overall, our experience was good.  The food was also pretty good.  We had all the specials of the day, including their famous banana cream pie for dessert.We started with a delicous shrimp and crawfish appetizer.  The shrimp were large and it was tasty!The hubby had the special seabass with etouffe and a glass of wine, while I had the special mahi mahi with crusted potatoes. The portions were large and we topped everything off with the banana cream pie and powdered suger coated beignets.Saturday night is usually packed and we had reservations.  Try to make reservations for busy nights or you'll end up waiting for at least a half hour. =)Service was on point - prompt and very friendly.
4	I'm giving this place 4 stars since it was great tasting. We had the oysters and they were the tastiest oysters we have ever tasted.The reason why I am not giving it the full 5 stars was cause for some reason all 3 of us had to visit the bathroom many times for the next couple of hours. The food must have had a ton of fiber in it or something? Seemed really fresh so I dont think it was spoiled or anything we didnt feel sick but again we had to make frequent visits to the bathroom for some reason?????????
5	Off the hook.  Truly a memorable meal and the BEST service I've ever experienced in ANY restaurant.  Wine list is nothing short of awe inspriring.  The wine steward spent at least 20 minutes engaged in conversation with our group of 8 about the wine list.  Banana Cream Pie is unbelievable.
2	Lunched here during a work event and was very underwhelmed with both food and service.I started with the clam chowder.  A big show is made out of the serving, bringing it in it's own little fancy pot to be then poured into your bowl. Interesting enough, but taste wise, hard to distinguish from canned clam chowder. It also tasted like the potatoes weren't quite cooked through.Our table had various sandwiches/burgers. I had a shrimp po'boy that was decent, the spices actually gave it a very nice new orleans kick.  It came with chips which I assumed would be homemade but instead was just given a bag of chips.  Seemed a little strange for a restaurant that is more towards the upscale side.I'm not a high-maintenance diner, however there were a number of service/execution issues here.  A couple burgers appeared to be undercooked, ordered as medium but instead borderline rare.  And we weren't offered refills or the check to settle up in a timely manner.  Our waiter seemed like a nice enough person, but unattentive.  Given that the lunch crowd was very light this day and it seemed the restaurant was fully staffed, it's harder for me to accept the poor service.
5	I have no idea why people rated this so low. The food was amazing, the service was amazing. There is so much flavor and kick that you get to the food Emeril presents it is amazing. I got pork ribs that had a nice kick to it because it included a lime infused barbecue sauce, with a really nice slaw that had bellpepers onions and some other things to sweeten it up. I hate bellpeppers and onions and i hate coleslaw, but I loved this. Emeril definitely kicked it up a notch for me. My girlfriend got a Po'Boy Sandwich of Oysters, which was okay.. In my opinion it was a little bland, she seemed to like Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill better. I liked this much more. Id say stay away from Po' Boy sandwiches and get a real entree, you shouldnt be disappointed!
5	This is my favorite restaurant ever!!! My Ex-bf and I made this restaurant a must-go every time we stayed at MGM(that's where it's located). The attire is business casual and the staff is super friendly. I've tried many things on the menu and i've have no complaints about the food.If you are willing to spend money, try the chefs menu for that night!! The prices vary every night because it's always a different menu. We've paid anywhere from $75 a person to $125 a person and it's soooo worth it! It's typically a 6 course meal including dessert. My favorite appetizer was the tuna tartar.The only downfall about this restaurant is the food coma after you get after the meal! You're in vegas and you don't really feel like going out anymore!!!
2	My star is more like 1.5 than 2. Oh boy, why did I choose here for our LV dinner? I was watching Emeril Green on TV and wondered if he had any restaurants in So Cal. But the closest place he had was in LV. I just happened to be there in a month so I thought it would be a great idea to try his food as a special dinner for me and my bf because we only had one night in Vegas. We ordered Crab Cake for appetizer. The cake itself was a bit salty for my taste but it was good. But I don't know why they put their deep-fried(almost burned taste), over-seasoned bread aside which came with the cake. I think it's too salty and too hard to go with the cake. When I bit off, it crumbled and fell on my skirt:(For our entre, we ordered Mahi Mahi, which came surprisingly unseasoned comparing to the crab cake. It came on the top of mashed potato with no gravy or no taste what so ever... So I suppose I eat nearly unseasoned Mahi Mahi with unseasoned mashed potato...? I've never tasted anything like this before and I did not like it. The fish was too dry for my taste anyway.For dessert, we ordered his famous banana pie. ...It wasn't bad but it wasn't extraordinary either. I've had much better ones before.Other than that, their customer service was very nice and professional. I loved their bread too.Maybe we didn't order the right meals. Maybe we are from different country with different taste. But I can tell you it did not worth the money I paid.
5	We went to Emeril's for lunch with the idea of splitting a salad, having some gumbo, and basically making dessert our main course.  The salad was fresh and we were given an adequate portion.  The salad dressing was good without being overwhelming.  Next we ordered the gumbo (being where we were it seemed like the thing to order) which was good even though the portions were not anything to write home about.  Next came dessert.  We were planning on each ordering the banana cream pie but the waiter talked us into an order of banana cream pie and an order of bread pudding with whiskey sauce.  We shared them and they were both awesome.  Then the waiter brought us three different flavors of sorbet on the house that were outstanding.   I know we did not try anything really challenging but I was completely satisfied with the service and the food and definitely would go back again.
2	I'm typically not a fan of huge chains, but while taking a family friend to Vegas, I thought I'd give it a shot.  I'm hesitant because the quality in both the food and service is never as good as the original.  It's natural that as you grow, you have less and less control.  Emeril's fits exactly into that category-- the food was solid, but the service was a bit spotty.  I dined with a family friend of mine who had just returned from a trip to Alaska. He loved the food, saying that the seafood was better prepared than what he had while on his trip.We had a show to see, so they were kind enough to fastrack our meal so we could enjoy both dinner and a show.While the food was memorable, the servers and wait staff could improve their manners. We sat next to one of the cash registers, where some of the servers would congregate. Nothing speaks of fine dining, then having a bunch of servers talk about their exploits and "getting ass."If only we could have taken the meal to go, or if only they had given us Bose server-cancelling phones, it would've been a perfect experience!
3	i think i've finally learned that putting a chef's name to a restaurant does not equate amazing food. Emeril's New Orleans Fish House has impeccable service. The first thing our server asked was whether we were on any time constraints. She definitely worked to help us get to Blue Man Group on time. The food is decent. We basically shared everything so I got to try a bunch of stuff. The food was a mix of hit and miss. My favorite appetizer was the Crab bake. It was savory but had a hint of sweetness. Add this lovely concoction to toasted bread and you've got a winner! My favorite entree was the Sea bass. My least favorite appetizer was the fried oysters. There wasn't anything special about it. My least favorite entree was the swordfish. I'm not sure if it's just the natural texture of swordfish to be dry but the meat was too dry and there was no accompanying sauce to help it out. Definite miss. No time to try the dessert =( Overall a good experience but it was not as fantastic as I would have imagined. I've got to find the original.
5	Been there twice and the food was great. We had the 8 course price fix menu and there was so much food I couldn't barely finish the last 2 course.  But it was to die for.  The first time I was here for my bday we tried the Lobster dish.  It was all I could remember because it was sooo good.
4	Just got back from Vegas and had a nice dinner at Emeril's Fish House, which is just outside the MGM Grand Casino (btw, you won't find any signs leading to Emeril's from inside the casino).    We had the 'petite prix fixe' four course dinner , $55.  The first course was a shrimp appetizer dish.  Peeled, succulent, BIG shrimp over some julienned veggies, surrounded by an intense balsamic vinegar reduction drizzled around the plate.  Very nice.Second course was the lobster cassoulet.  Wow.  Delicious, savory, and elegant dish.  Tender baby lobster tail with a delicious broth, beans, and some diced veggies.  Third course was the main course - a thinly sliced ribeye over creamed spinach.  Here is where there was a small hiccup.  We ordered the ribeye medium rare but instead it came out rare.  Luckily we didn't mind, especially since the meat was of such high quality that it was still tender rare.  You know when the meat quality is top notch when rare steaks are not chewy.   This was the case at Emeril's.  Excellent dish yet again.  The creamed spinach had a subtle kick to it - I tasted a hint of horseradish.  At this point our stomachs were very satisfied and we were glad that we did not go for the full tasting menu which was something like another $20-30 for an additional 2 or 3 dishes.  Not sure how we were going to eat our way through the last course - dessert.Dessert - choice of banana cream pie and bread pudding with whiskey sauce.  We had one of each and they were both excellent, especially the banana cream pie which is exceptionally noteworthy since I do NOT like banana cream pie at all and try to avoid it at all cost.  However, this was the best banana cream pie I have ever had.  Despite being full, we devoured both desserts fully and waddled out of there, very satisfied and felt like the $55 pp dinner was a very good deal indeed.A word about the ambiance - not much there.  We felt like the restaurant was nicely decorated, but it was too large of a space and therefore felt cold - not temperature cold, but lacking character.  Also, we noticed the service entrance was very stark and obvious - tables situated right next to openings to the kitchen, uncovered.  It cheapened the look of the place, in our opinion.  Didn't bother us too much but of course we value food over ambiance any day.Service - excellent wait staff.  Before seating the host properly asked if we had a show to catch after the dinner (we did not).  Courses were served with a nice pace - not too slow, not too fast.  Total dining time was about 1.5 hours, which is about right for me. Emeril's was not full despite it being the day before new year's eve.  MGM has a LOT of nice restaurants in the casino and Emeril's is surrounded by competition (craft steak house, pearl asian restaurant, etc.).  I hope others give Emeril's a try.  We will definitely go back again.
5	Have eaten here for dinner, a very good restaurant.  I found the service to be very attentive, but not intrusive.  The food was excellent, generally deserving of the celebrity chef status that Emeril has.I would definitely recommend the BBQ Shrimp appetizer, it is truly wonderful, and you will not be disappointed.  The crab cakes were exceptional as well.I also particularly liked the pecan-crusted red fish for the main course, so would recommend that specifically, though I think as long as you stick with the sea food you probably can't go wrong.  For non-sea food, the Pork Chop with Tamarind Sauce was very good.For desert, of course the Bananas Rum Foster Bread Pudding is classic and very good.  Two warnings, first, if Creme Brulee is on the menu, avoid it, it is the one item I have had at Emeril's which was not very good; second, while coffee refills were frequent, the coffee was tepid, not hot; we did ask that they make sure the coffee was hot, and the servers did make sure we got hotter coffee from then on.I definitely recommend this restaurant.
5	Seafood in the desert? i was not convinced that a seafood restaurant was a good ides, but I was wrong. Emeril's was top notch, from service, to wine, starters to entree. My scottish salmon with bbq and potato hash with andouiee far exceeded my expectations.I intend to eat here every time I am in Vegas.
4	Good place overall...not too expensive either.This is probably the best place at MGM to go for lunch.The gumbo here is spectacular and so is the lobster bisque.For dessert i strongly recommend the banana cream pie..one of the best i've ever had!If you're in vegas and craving a taste of New Orleans this is the place to go!
5	Best fish I've ever had in my life! I had the halibut and it had the best taste and the veggies were a perfect match, we had the bbq shrimp for an appitizer and that was amazing. very tangy taste.
2	I am staying at the MGM grand for a convention and i saw emeril's out of the corner of my eye, so I suggested to my friends that we go there, since the food we would be getting during the week would pretty much stink.So we went, and pretty much from the time we sat down it was disappointing..First our waiter/waitress team intorduced themselves, of which really only the waittress said anything, through a very thick hispanic accent..She left, and then we didn't see anyone for about 15 minutes.The male waitor came back and and asked us if we 'wanted the food' yet... We asked if we could order some drinks first..Anyway, service was just odd.I ordered the Gumbo and Rib Eye. The gumbo was fantastic once i loaded it up with tabasco, otherwise it was quite bland and lacking seasoning that I would call 'cajun'. The Rib Eye was clearly a dissapointment. It was a good portion but thin, and as would one expect a juicy steak, this was not. It was cooked well but not juicy, majorly because it was served only luke warm.After being a fan of Emeril for such a long time, I really expected more... But this disappointed.
4	I came for the BAAAAM!!!! and I went back for the banana cream pie!!!! (and um also for more BAAAAM!!!) The first time we ate here we finally understood why Emeril is always so excited when he's cooking; his food is off the chart in a rich, gluttonously sinful way. I love the steaks here, if youre really lucky they are serving them with buttery lobster mashed potatoes. The BBQ'ed shrimp appetizer is unfortunately small but incredibly delicious, I dare you to not scrape every ounce of sauce off the plate and then wonder if its possible to order just some more sauce. Even though the appetizers and entrees are delicious I do my best to save room for the banana cream pie; its a challenge and I usually fail but luckily we always go at lunch time which gives me plenty of time to recover from a food coma before the nightlife begins. Never having been a banana cream pie, I was hesitant at first, but had absolutely no reason to be. This is a perfect example of really great ingredients coming together in a great way, the graham cracker crumb crust, the shaved chocolate, the caramel drizzle.....I'm getting excited just typing about it, but before I stop I will say, ask for extra caramel, you'll thank me!
4	Had perfectly cooked Sea Bass with a nice glass of Cab.  It was one of the best meals I've ever had in Vegas.   Prices aren't too expensive and the service was great.Emeril, you live up to your reputation.
3	The best part of this experience was dessert.  The service was great, the dinner was good, but I wasn't blown away by it.  But the dessert was AMAZING.  A friend and I split the S'more Tart with Homemade Graham Crackers, Chocolate Sauce & Marshmallows.  It was fantastic and well worth the money.  This restaurant is wayyyyy the hell inside the MGM Grand, which made it a little bit of a pain in the ass to get to, and was a bit pricey.  Good for a special night out but I'm sure there are other places just as expensive with equally good or better food.
2	I came here for lunch when we first arrived at the MGM and checked in, being it was one of the few restaurants open for lunch. First off, the bread they bring you is out of this world. I think I would have been fine paying for a bucket of that for my meal instead of what I actually got. Not that the cornmeal fried oysters or po' boy were bad, they just didnt do anything for me. The po' boy especially seemed to be all bread, I don't even recall at this point...and I have a memory like an elephant...what the hell was in it. The one thing about Vegas I wish would change is that more high end restaurants would be open during lunch hrs so people can try there fare for 'fairer' prices, even if its still expensive, heck...I'm on vacation...and it;s better than having to settle for another one of Emeril's crappy restaurants.
5	I always stop by this place when I stay at the MGM. Especially for lunch. Everything on the menu is usually really great. The service is always on point and one time Emeril was there walking around signing autographs and stuff. Thats Vegas for you.
3	the food was okay.  Not my favorite restaurant in Las Vegas but not bad either. Decor was just OK.Service was four stars.  He tried hard to please us but I think he was new as he did not master the knowledge of the menu.The calamari was good but the tomato sauce was a bit overwhelming. Good luck Emiril!
3	Came in for lunch cause the husband was really wanting to try an "Emeril" Po'Boy. He got the oyster one and my sister had the shrimp one, I'm glad I didn't order one too because they were quite large. They both liked them, from the few bites I had I thought they were okay. I usually love rock shrimp but I wasn't a big fan of how these ones were fried. I ordered the scallop appetizer - seared scallops on risotto with little pieces of beef tenderloin and some crispy leeks on top. It was swimming in a butter sauce that was a little too much and I had a tummy ache for the rest of the day. The clam chowder, however, was very good. I should have just stuck with that.Service was okay, could have been better. Our waiter seemed to not be around much. I'm glad we stopped in cause we had been wanting to try Emeril's for a while, but not being terribly impressed this time around I don't feel a need to go back.
4	Came to Emerils because we stayed at MGM Signature, and really wanted to try it for the experience. Great service, good drinks, and food was great. A bit pricey, but i wanted to try it so I didn't mind. I had the seabass with a potatoe cake on the bottom.  Had some type of sauce. Tried Emerils, then tried Mesa Grill after and Emerils beats it forsure :)
4	Started with the BBQ shrimp.  Tasty and just the right size.  3 pieces of shrimp for a group of 3. I had the Emeril's Barbecued Salmon for lunch, tasty but there are better items on the menu.  My uncle's Po Boy sandwich with Whiskey Braised Roast Beef had just the most amazing tender and juicy beef. As for my aunt, she had a great filet that was on the most amazing potatoes.  I think they had lobster and loads of butter and cream in them.  I should have paid better attention, but I would definitely make sure to order some of the spuds.  Only disappointment was the bread was served individually as if it was baked freash, maybe it was, but it sure tasted lame to me.
4	We ate here on a Monday night after a show based on a friend's previous meal here.  We had no reservation, but were seated promptly.  We really wanted to try the tasting menu, but our hostess and waiter told us it was not available that night.  However, the chef was gracious enough to let us order it anyway.  I am glad he did.  Excellent 6 course meal.  My favorites were the scallop served over jalepeno grits and the banana cream pie.  Service was excellent.  Atmosphere is upscale but fun and casual as well.  Overall, an excellent meal.  I would eat here again.
4	We did not have reservations, but walked up and took a chance at grabbing a table at Emeril's restaurant. The hostess was very polite and saw a table for 4 available and she said if you can sit down now we will take you....so we jumped at the chance!Just excited to be there the food did not disappoint.I ordered the Grilled Hawaiian Swordfish which was outstanding - very fresh and I could not stop eating the rainbow garlic couscous bed the fish was presented on!For dessert my group went overboard and we each ordered something different so we could taste the menu. *Individual Pecan Pie - AMAZING*Chocolate Creme Brulee with Cinnimon Churros - I was jealous that wasn't my dessert!*Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - So delicious*New Orleans Bread & Butter Bread Pudding - My least favorite, but in defense of the dessert itself I am not a big bread pudding guy and the rest of the group ate it up!Suffice to say we left that night with our belts undone...and a good night's sleep followed!
4	I came here during lunch time after reading the reviews that lunch time was good, and not pricey.  We walked right in.  I agree with the other reviewers that the service was superb.  The food was not really seafood to me.  It seemed more New Orleans Cajun-style.  With that being said everything I ordered was extremely salty.   I normally eat very salty, but this was too salty for me.  If they would just put less salt in the dishes, then I would give it 5 stars for taste and service. The price range was overall not bad for being in Vegas and being Emeril's.  I would consider stopping by again on my next trip to Vegas.
4	I was always kinda skeptical of Emeril's cooking because of his shows on food network. But if Anthony Bourdain likes him, then it's worth a try. We were there for a late lunch. The hostess was courteous and we were seated quickly. There wasn't a lot of selection on the lunch menu but I guess when the food is delicious, you don't need that many choices. We got the uuber fresh and succulent  Po Boy sandwich and the best seafood jambalaya I've ever had. Maybe I just caught this place on a good day, but I can't wait to go back and try their dinner menu. Emeril's just went from zero to hero in my book ! BAM!
5	We came here for lunch to save a little $$ after splurging at Hubert Keller's Fleur de Lys the night before... As amazing as that meal was, our lunch at Emeril's was just as good, and that's sayin' somethin'. My hubby had the clam chowder and I had the scallops with risotto for an appetizer. We could have split the scallops, it was a really large portion for an appy and SO DELICIOUS. I forget the type of cheese it was made with, but it was creamy with a touch of spiciness which I LOVED. I ordered the Scottish salmon with the andouille hash--again, this was spicy and sooo delicious. Hubby ordered the sea bass with orzo and I sampled his and it was excellent. The fish was cooked perfectly, everything was seasoned so wonderfully and I loved the spicy Creole heat to the dishes. By then we were so stuffed that dessert wasn't an option. This was my favorite meal of our Las Vegas trip. The only complaint was that since it was lunchtime, the waiter was a little too intrusive (and a bit weird to be perfectly honest), but with such great food, that's easily overlooked. This is a must-dine on your next trip to Vegas.  I would recommend going for lunch since it's less $$ too.
3	For a place that is supposed to specialize in seafood, the steaks are better choice than the seafood. My sea bass was as plain as can be, you would think it was Tilapia. The gumbo was pretty by the books, nothing special, even a bit under seasoned. Skip the overly priced lobster salad, not much lobster at all. I recommend the rib eye and a side of mash potatoes. Whoever made the french fries here needs to go back to cooking school.Pretty decent desserts, but all familiar fare, nothing mind blowing.
5	This place is awesome.  The service was amazing, the food was brilliant, and the drinks... oh dear lord, the beverages were sooo good!  I tend to be more of an Anthony Bourdain type of guy, but Emeril surely represented a new side the day I visited his restaurant.
3	I am so disappointed to give this a 3 star, due to the terrible service it knocked a star off.Positives:Excellent food, beautifully cooked.Lovely variety and options.Good cocktails.Nice layout and attractive decorations.Negatives:One of the worst waitresses I have ever had.  She was a miserable b!tch.  If that is not the career path you want then do something else!  Just because you are miserable doesn't mean you have to bring everyone to your level.  Should have gotten a manager but I was so shocked I actually was at a loss. I had been trying to come here for ages, every trip to Vegas in fact since I had heard it had opened.  To have such a terrible experience purely due to service is honestly heartbreaking considering how good the food is.  The sad part is that even though I know the food is good that I dont know if I will ever go back.
5	Got the shrimp as well as the scallops wrapped in bacon for appetizers.  Both were awesome.  The Texas redfish ans tuna were also excellent for main course.  Our waiter and his 2 helpers were very attentive, and he suggested an excellent bottle of Pinot for around 55 bucks.
5	I've been wanting to write a review on this restaurant for some time! I was not a member of Yelp during my vacation to Las Vegas 5 months ago, but my visit here is still fresh in my mind! When my boyfriend and I first arrived in Vegas, Emeril's was the place we wanted to go for lunch, after hearing about it on the Food Network. It wasn't very busy, so we got seated quickly with a view of the casino mall. My first desire was to try the infamous banana cream pie. But we thought we had better eat something substantial first, then dessert afterward. I started out with a fresh green salad and bowl of seafood gumbo that was perfectly seasoned! The bread basket contained hot, homemade assortments of breads & rolls. That was hard not to keep eating it all! Finally, the time came for the grand finale! Already, I was getting full, but I just HAD to at least split the banana cream pie with my boyfriend. Our waiter was wonderful and kept doting on us throughout our meal. We were feeling very special as he talked us into trying their famous bread pudding with whiskey sauce, along with the pie. So we split both desserts and thought we were in heaven! Then soon after, the waiter brought us samples of more desserts on the house. He wanted us to try their different flavors of sorbets. Other diners were looking at us like we were gluttons for dessert! Everything tasted outstanding! We finally waddled out of the restaurant so full, that we needed to get to our room for a period of rest & digestion. Too bad our friends who were supposed to meet us there, missed their plane! They really missed out on this memorable dining experience!
3	Another day, another business dinner. This time Emeril's was the pick. Despite reading a bunch of Yelp reviews I was hoping our experience would somehow be different than the majority. It wasn't. Let's start on a good note: service was a bit overbearing, but otherwise great. (4/5 stars)Entrees: WOW I can't believe how freaking awful these were. At the price point they were (which btw, the prices have gone up compared to what they are on the website!!) they really should have been much better. Sea bass with lobster ($42): How can you go wrong? Well somehow Emeril went very wrong on this pricey dish. First impression, the plate is VERY white with just a little bit of puke green. Imagine a white mushy flavorless "potato cake" swimming in a small sea of nasty pukeish green "chile sauce" topped with a tiny 4 oz piece of white sea bass and a tiny 2 oz piece of rubbery lobster. White mushy fish on white mushy potatoes? What idiot thought that pairing would work?? The components didn't work, the dish was executed poorly. Honestly no redeeming qualities to this hella expensive $42 dish. Ahi Tuna special (off menu so not sure of the price): Yes the tuna was damn good, but it was swimming in a sea of TOMATO SAUCE with sausage ravioli? Seriously are the chefs here on crack? Red tuna + acidic red tomatoes = no bueno. Sorry philosophically I think a well thought out entree should represent BALANCE. Red tuna + red sauce? White fish + white potatoes ? Aesthetically, and on a texture basis these dishes were epic fails. They tasted "ok", but at $40++ a plate it should taste way more than ok. Alright so now you're wondering why 3 stars instead of 1 or 2?? The desserts were f-ing AMAZING. Please follow the advice of me and several other yelpers and only come here for dessert. The beignets, bread pudding and banana cream pie were all spectacular. Emeril really does have the best banana cream pie in the entire world and it's worth a trip to the bar here to have a slice for yourself!
5	After reading many reviews, we decided to go Emeril's for dessert only (which we planned on splitting). We ordered their "signature" dessert- the Banana Creme Pie. For our other choice, I asked the waiter if we should have the Creme Brulee or the Bread Pudding. He emphatically recommended the Bread Pudding. The Banana Creme pie was excellent. BUT, the Bread Pudding was better than excellent. It was fabulous- one of the best desserts I've had.I was also impressed with the waiter (and the rest of the staff)- a perfect combination of professionalism and friendliness.After reading many other reviews, I'm not sure I can suggest a full lunch or dinner at Emeril's. But, I promise you that you will not be disappointed with dessert!
3	The Good:  The service is top notch!  The waiter we had went all out to try to impress me.  (5 stars)The steak.  I think if anything it was the best of all the dishes...(5 stars)The salmon.  Pretty good eatin' but not as good as the steak!!!(4 stars)I like the fries. Hubby didn't (he likes thin crispy fries, I like big steak fries!)  I took some of HIS fries!!!  :DThe bad: For the price, I expected betterPork chop --  WAAAAAY too salty for me!  Took two bites and it was like SALT SALT and SALT!!!  NO WAY!!!  :(  My hubby was surprised that I sent it back, since I normally NEVER send food back... (1 star)The ugly:  Too full to order dessert!  Wished we did, given what I see of the Yelp reviews here.The verdict:  Meh, for the price, I expected a BAM!!!  That said, it's still pretty good food and I am willing to come back again...  Will order dessert next time and avoid the pork chop!!! 3.5 stars
3	In honor of the Saints' Super Bowl Victory, I ate at Emeril's New Orleans Fish House.  Without reservations, my party of 3 was seated instantly on an uneventful Tuesday night.My dinner menu consisted of: Marinated Mozzarella & Serrano Ham, Gumbo, Warm Spinach and Lobster Salad, and Emeril's Banana Creme Pie.  First of all, cheese and ham is just cheese and ham.  Therefore my only comment on the Marinated Mozzarella & Serrano Ham is "absurd!"  The gumbo was good, but not great.  Actually, I think plain old Gumbo is too dull for Emeril's fancy menu.  My favorite dish was the "salad" because it wasn't really a salad.  It was a big fat piece of lobster meat that had warm spinach as a side.  YUMMY!  Then waiter's recommended Banana Creme Pie was a pleasant way to end the meal but it wasn't better than an ordinary Marie Callenders pie.  This posh restaurant was placed in the right spot of MGM grand. The concept of the decor was dimly complex that it boggle me on why he would portray New Orleans like this.  All I have to say is Go Saints!  Next time I want to experience New Orleans, I better go to Louisana because Emeril failed to bring it to Vegas.
5	I came here with my gf one night for out "nice dinner" and i had a great time. The food was excellent and the service was awesome. I had the prime rib, at $45, and my gf had some kind of fish, at $35. With a glass of wine and cocktail with dessert, the bill came out to around $150 with tip. Pricey...but i knew the gf would enjoy it so it was worth it. The dessert we had was banana cream pie. It was covered with whip cream and caramel sauce. It was so good...and was pretty much the cherry on top to a great experience.
5	Eaten here a few times and always enjoy it.  The price is high, but the service and quality are up to it.  For my money, the best place for cooked fish in Vegas.  I always get the prix fix.
5	Me and my bf ALWAYS come to this place for dinner, at least once during our trip to vegas!! So delicious!! The Clam chowder is a must have!! (Even though i can't finish the bowl, i don't care!) I always get the bowl!! (It goes great with the hot round bread) My bf loves the steak here. More than Del Monico(i know they are both owned by Emeril)!! When he orders a rare steak, unlike some places, they bring it out rare. He dislikes greens but when he gets steak from this place, everything on the plate disappears!! The wine selections are also great. We are no wine experts, so we ask the waiter or waitress what they might like to recommend. They bring out something that we might like, to figure out if we like it or not, and then brings out something that we will both love!! I can't wait to go to veags again!! I love Emeril's!! BAAAAM!!!
3	I would come back for banana creme pie and bread pudding and nothing else. Need I say more. That's how I want to graciously remember Emeril.
4	My hubby and I ditched our friends for a couple of hours because we love food and wanted ONE nice dinner in Vegas and they were headed for bar food.  We love cooking shows, so have always wanted to eat at a "tv chef" restaurant and we were on a mini-honeymoon--time to splurge!Service was amazing!  Best....service...ever!  For appetizer, we got the bacon-wrapped scallops.  The scallops were not great.  His was ice-cold in the middle and mine had grit in it.  However, they were on this magical substance that our waiter explained was celery-root puree.  It had asparagus and mushroom pieces in it and I wanted to ask them to forget my dinner and bring me a bowl of that.  It was one of the best things I have ever had in my life.  Hubby got seared ahi over raviolis and I had the shrimp and lobster pasta.  The ahi was wonderful but didn't quite go with the ravioli.  They were much better eaten separately.  My pasta was fantastic with giant shrimp and big chunks of lobster.  Portions were very good sized surprisingly!  After all that we could barely breathe, but managed to find room for creme brulee made with Baily's.  It was worth squeezing in.  Overall, we had a wonderful dinner!  It was pricey but worth it.  We should have just stopped there as our lucky streak did not extend to the tables....
5	Excellent dinner choice from the hubby! As we arrived, they knew we have visited an Emeril's location in Miami as my husband mentioned it when he initally made the reservation which was a plus for the waitor to mention it. Food was amazing as I had a steak and hubby ordered the Salmon. Mouth watering. Preparation was excellent. Staff all provided excellent customer service. Great location. Would always recommend Emerils for a special dinner.
4	This was my first experience at one of Emeril's restaurants and I was impressed.  I was with a party of 8, and 7 of us ordered the Chef's tasting menu complete with the wine pairings.  It was pricey, but well worth the experience.  Each and every dish was fantastic and kept getting better as the meal progressed.  Before this meal, I was not a huge fan of salmon but now all I keep thinking about is Emeril's barbeque salmon with peach and bourbon sauce - yum!  The filet  mignon was pretty darn awesome too!  The wine pairings were nice and we were all introduced to some new favorites.  The service was excellent and the wait staff knowledgable.  We were seated on time and were close to the last ones out, but we never felt rushed.  All in all, an excellent time!I give it 4 stars because they had run out of some main dishes at 8:30, but the tasting menu was as printed.
4	Everything was tasty! gumbo was delish....it was so cute the way the presented it, in your own personal pot and then from there they dumped it into your bowl...Creole boiled blue shrimp salad was good...had to kick my 'herbal vinagrette up a notch with some added lemon juice....YUM!I didn't like what they offered as dipping sauces for the shrimp...so I just did with out them.the steak fries were burnt...REALLY Emeril?!?!? Yuck....the honey corn bread as cold :-/my vodka and tonic was yummy and refreshing.
3	Emeril Lagasse grates my last nerve, so it was with much reluctance I allowed myself to be persuaded in here for lunch by some very convincing -- and hungry -- friends.  It was a fine experience, thankfully devoid of the man himself, but I wasn't blown away.Husband really liked his gumbo, with spicy, smoky andouille.  My oyster and rock shrimp po' boy -- which wasn't listed on the menu, but the waiter mentioned I could combine the two options if I so desired in a sandwich cleverly named, "The Peacemaker." -- was quite good.  Light, crunchy cornmeal batter, *tons* of fresh, lovely seafood, and a chewy, crunchy-exteriored homemade baguette.  But they were accompanied by a bag (literally, they were still in the celo) of Zapp's Tabasco chips.  You can't make your own, Emeril?  I get they're a Gulf Coast delicacy, but they just seemed out of place at this semi-swank eatery next to my $16 sandwich.My dining companions weren't as lucky with their meals.  Two ordered the flank steak salads with medium-rare meat -- but the meat was *so* rare it was practically mooing.  Another ordered a burger medium-rare, and encountered the opposite problem.  It was *so* cooked air escaped when she bit into it.  She sent it back only to have the second one come out with a pulse.  Sent it back for round three, and it finally came out right.  Dinner rolls before the meal were totally dry and tasted like they'd just been picked up at the grocery store in the day-old section.At the recommendation (repeated insistence) of a friend, tho, we tried the banana cream pie.  Ridiculous.  The best thing we ate.  By far.Cocktails were good, ambiance pleasant, and our server was great -- really personable and chatty, and quite attentive.  But overall, I wasn't enchanted by Mr. Lagasse's New Orleans Fish House.  Mostly because I could feel his irritating presence lingering in the air...BAAAMMM![Top Chef: Emeril Lagasse]
5	I was never a big fan of Emeril, but this restaurant changed my mind. I was attending a one week conference at the MGM, and because my food was company paid, I figured why not try things I normally wouldn't.  I'm so glad that I did. I came with my friend and we ordered the New Orleans Blue Crabmeat Bake for appetizer. We were in crab heaven. It was amazing. We also tried the Seafood Pan Roast and Shellfish Pasta Primavera. Everything was cooked perfectly and the portions were perfect.
4	This was a very nice restaurant. I ordered the warm spinach lobster salad which was very tasty. The only thing I don't like is that it's way in the back of the casino next to the food court. Felt like I was underground or something. Oh and we had the banana cream pie due to high recommondations from everyone on here. That was delish! Wasn't too sweet and perfect with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. :p
3	I didn't get a chance to try any of the entrees, so I stayed conservative with some gumbo.  It was actually pretty good, compared to other Creole restaurants that I've been to.  Next time I'll try an entree and hope that it also delivers.
2	I read a few mixed reviews on this Restaurant but overall I got the impression that it would be a nice meal with good service.... I left the place extremely disappointed the food was ok, although the combo of fish and sausage was just a little odd and the service I just found to be strange. Our waiter was attentive but he had strange mannerisms that really made me just want to finish my food and leave as soon as i could.... which i did! Would i go again.... nope never!
3	My girls and I had lunch here for my bachelorette bash!  Woot woot!  The food was quite delish, I have to say!  We ordered a bunch of things to share as appetizers and then also got our own entrees!  Talk about being fat asses, right?  Whatever!  LOL!  We ordered the gumbo which was delish, had just the right amount of flavoriing.  The BBQ/Cajun shrimp appetizer was pretty tasty as well and the shrimps are pretty HUGE!  Onto the entree, I ordered their burger, which was just to my liking, although the bun was a little soggy, and my condiments and sides kept falling outta the burget.  One of my friends ordered the Po' Boy and it was very satisfying and yummy for the tummy!  This place is A-OK to me!  I'd come again to try it out a second time!
4	My family and I have come to Emeril's Fish House several times in the past few years. Most recently in the spring (I'm really behind on my reviews!) Every time we visit we are happy with our food and our service. Advice:DO THE TASTING MENU!Get the wine pairing with it!Our entire table always does the tasting menu, it makes ordering simple and fun. We never leave hungry or unsatisfied, and the courses are spread out enough that you have time to converse and enjoy your company between. Some might say that the tasting menu with the wine pairing is pricy; I say it's worth the money, considering the number of courses and wines you are getting.
4	I had the Salmon on the menu.  It was pretty good, the service was good but I can't say it earns a 5-star out of me.
5	Okay - so some friends and I went to Vegas recently for a 21st birthday and had a blast.  One of the highlights (only one of many!) was having her Bday dinner at Emerils.  The food was to die for and the service was exceptional!  I just can't say enough.  I had the halibut, it was cooked perfectly and my mouth still waters thinking about it!   We tried a few appitizers and our servers brought us a free appitizer of Ahi Tuna w/some sort of peanut butter sauce and some sort of wasabi somthing - sounds strange but it is soooo good!  Now, besides the food - the service was great!  I think the servers names were Anthony (or Antonio, really wish I could remember) and Rocky.  They did such a great job.  They were very attentive and answered our questions quickly.  My glass was never empty and I loved that we were all served at exactly the same time, like they brought out 3 extra people each placing the plate at the same time (sounds silly, but it made for a fun experience).  All this and it was a crazy busy Saturday night.
5	Whoa whoa whoa. WHOA GUYS. WHOA. We came here for our anniversary (3 years without murdering eachother, good job) and I can not stress how amazing our meal was. Everything was cooked perfectly, the waiters were attentive but not annoying, and I am basically going to have fantasies about their desserts for the rest of my life. It was a great dinner! I paid (this time...) so I can say with great conviction that while it was around $140 for the two of us (after tip) it was all completely worth it. And I would do it again- even if I had to pay!
5	Went here for lunch while spending a weekend in Vegas.  We got the steak salad, the gumbo and shrimp and grits and this was plenty for 2.  The complimentary bread was pretty good especially along side the gumbo.  The steak salad was really good, and not stingy on the steak which is always nice.  The gumbo could have used a couple more shrimp especially since it was split between two.  Service was very attentive and there really isn't anything to complain about for Emeril's Fish House.
3	Emeril's was good, but I guess I expected more from an Emeril Lagasse restaurant.  First the positives: great service, and the bread and butter pudding with whiskey sauce is absolutely outrageously delicious.  The sweet barbeque'd salmon was perfectly cooked, but I'm not sure I am one for a sweet sauce on my salmon - that's my own personal preference, so I wouldn't knock the restaurant for it.  Quail appetizer was quite nice.  Negatives: pork chop was dry, savory pudding side dish served with the pork was good but just a bit too salty for my taste.  And "agast!" the beignets were dry and hard...a cardinal sin for a New Orleans-style restaurant to mess up the beignets.  For shame!  All in all, the restaurant had a nice atmosphere, great service and pretty good food.  With so many great restaurants in Vegas, you may be better off going somewhere else for your dinner, but hitting Emeril's for the bread & butter pudding for dessert!
3	I had huge expectations upon eating here because its owned by a famous chef. My dad really wanted to eat here because he is a huge fan of Emeril. So I got the surf and turf with lobster tail and steak...It wasn't that great...it wasn't very flavorful and memorable and not worth eating at again.
4	Took the family here while on vacation right after Christmas.  The food was excellent.  Nothing we tried disappointed us - but the bread pudding was incredible.  I am a fan of bread pudding - and I thought it was the best I've ever had.  I would say 5* food - but the service was kind of slow (and we were one of 4 tables eating at the time) and it took almost 15 minutes from the time we ordered desert to the time it got to us.I think if someone had just took the time to come by the table and acknowledge the delay, it would have been alright - but to wait that long after order desert and not really have the delay acknowledged was disappointing.  Still - no DOUBT I will be back next time I am in Vegas
4	The meals were good, but I might come back here someday just for a piece of that banana cream pie.  Real bananas in a banana cream pie... what a concept!
3	This place gets 3 stars but just barely... for the price that they charge (and yes I understand this is the Las Vegas Strip), I expected much better.The food was okay, but wasn't outstanding and the recipes just didn't impress us.  The service was okay but a bit slow.  We expected more for this being on the Las Vegas Strip and with a big celebrity name on the sign, but were were none too impressed.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat in Las Vegas and I go every time I am there.Service is always perfect. Food is always over the top and this week's visit was no exception. My table all started with house salad and two of us has a special Stuffed 2 lb lobster.  Just like last year, I went for lunch and had a hamburger I dreamed of eating at the next visit, or a Caesar salad with fried oysters Emeril Style. i will dream of that lobster until I get  there again.   The butter vanilla sauce was a perfect match for that sweet lobster. Tempura Asparagus was delightful. A great wine selection.The service is so good the waiters anticipate your needs.
4	Had an outstanding meal before watching KA at MGM.  We chose Emeril's over other restaurants nearby, because it seemed like a nicer place that wouldn't hurt our pocketbooks too terribly badly.  Our waiter, Rocco, was excellent!  He deserves 5 stars.  He helped us choose our entrees and desserts, and informed us that the salads were large and that we could easily split one.  He also thanked us for letting him know we were going to see a show after dinner, and ensured us we would be finished in time to go.  The tasting menu (small portions of several dishes) looked very interesting, but we elected not to select this because we might not make it to our show on time (Rocco's advice).  Instead, hubby and I each selected one of the fresh fish offerings for the evening.  Emeril's has 4 or 5 to choose from.  Each came with 3 dipping sauces -- all were delicious.  The fish came with potatoes fried in duck fat (pretty tasty!) and green beans.  The salad was good, too, although I was surprised that we had to divide and plate our split salad ourselves.  My creme brulee was good, and the cookies that came with it were even better!  It was like getting 2 desserts!  Hubby had the famous banana creme pie, and it was awesome!
3	So I am in Vegas and a huge fan of Cajun food and I think to myself 'Self where can I get some Cajun eats?' then Emril's New Orleans Fish House comes into view.Now imagine my disappointment to find that the menu has less to do with New Orleans than your average Long John Silvers (please note the food is much better than LJS, the menu is not).So what we did get was great service, a good atmosphere, and really good food. If your looking for a fine fish house with a limited menu I suppose Emril's is fine. Personally I say pass and look for RM down the way.Still looking for Cajun food in Las Vegas.
3	I am a huge fan of Emeril's restaurants in New Orleans - Emerils, NOLA, Delmonicos are all great. So I was pleasantly surprised to run across Emerils while cutting through the MGM Grand shops. Since we all were hungry we decided to eat and I was excited for me and the others in our group. The excitement was short lived however. While the lunch was prefectly fine that was not my expectation given other dining experiences at EL restaurants. There were some high lights - the gumbo, cornbread and the shrimp po boy were all good. But overall it was an average meal. Far below my expectations.
3	With a name like Emeril's your expectations are high before you even walk in.  It's just an over-priced restaurant.  The food was good but when you compare price it's not.  I spent around $50.00 on my meal and I left hungry.  There are so many places to go in Vegas and all your really paying for here is the name.
3	Bam! I really had my hopes up about this place....not really a fan of the show, but I love Emeril Essense and I respect him as a chef.I came here around 1:30pm and sat at the bar... I kept having to motion to the waiter (bartender) for attention, even tho the place was pretty empty.  The guy was nice though and makes a really delicious tequila shot.When you sit down they bring you complimentary bread balls and butter.  Literally 2 balls per plate. I love me some balls but these rolls were not worth the calories. They were dry and flavorless...the butter was tasty tho!For drinks I got  mimosa's with strawberry puree and they were fantastic and my friend said his Jack n Diet's were very strong.We split the margarita pizza and the BBQ shrimp.  The pizza tasted like one of those 5 dollar pizzas you get from the grocery store.  Actually it was worse.  The dough was unpleasant.  I took one bite and didn't even want a second one.The shrimp aren't on the menu and I enjoyed them even though my friend thought they were terrible.I dont know...I guess I was just really dissappointed.  I was hoping for that "Bam!" experience and it didn't happen.  The bill was in the hundreds I think, which is pricey considering we only ordered two food items (it was more like a liquid lunch), but hey its Vegas everything is bigger and better (expensive).Next time I'm in Vegas I definitely wouldn't go out of my way to eat here....
3	The drinks were amazing! My salmon was good but a slight bit too salty. Loved the bread pudding. The energy was great for celebrating and catching up with the ladies. I'd probably come back to visit the bar.
3	Disappointed. Get's three stars for the service, and the parts of the meal that were good, and the fact that they didn't gripe when I had to return the rubberiest lobster I've ever seen in my life.  Couldn't cut the sucker with a knife (seriously!).  Geez, Emeril, what are you doing?Would give it another try, but not get the seafood platter.  Too expensive and poor quality.  I knew there was trouble when they handed it to a manager and told him it was overcooked, and his response was "Again?"Still spent $70 (with tip) AFTER they took off a significant amount for the lobster.  That's a lot on my teacher's salary.
1	So bad... Pizza taste like frozen microwaved pizza.... Blt not up to par. It was lunch and we ended up spending $80 for horrible food and service :(
4	Enjoyed a nice, quiet dinner with my sisters during a hectic bachelorette weekend in Vegas. This cozy, elegant atmosphere was just what we needed. The decor set a very classy, elevated mood that set the tone for a wonderful dinner.Our wait staff was quite attentive and gave us a thorough explanation of portion sizes, specials and recommended dishes. The wine selection was incredibly vast, so our waiter selected two bottles based on the type and price range I typically aim for - they were perfect.I had a tuna tartar and spinach salad (both very fresh, though the tuna portion was a little on the small side), and for the table, we ordered mac n cheese and mushrooms bourdelaine. Both sides were decadent but I was disappointed that they weren't larger - they were described to us as "family style" and there was only enough for each of us 4 to take a very small helping.Overall, though, a pleasant experience. I would probably go back.
2	If there is ever a restaurant that is riding on the owners name, clearly, this owner has not been at the restaurant for a very long time.The service was disjointed and disastrous. My wife and I both had a Martini which arrived in two different size glasses and when I pointed this out to one of our two waiters he argued with me and I finally dropped the matter. Yes, we had two waiters who constantly badgered us to order. The bottle of white wine we ordered arrived not cooled and we had wait while they found a wine bucket with ice which then was kept at their station. I had fish and my wife the pork loin which were excellent but my wife's side dish of potatoes arrived cold and had to be sent back. The service put a serious damper on our visit and we will not be back to any of Emeril's restaurants
4	When I come to Emeriil's Fish house, I'm not really looking for cajun food or the fish....i beeline to the dessert menu for their banana cream pie.  Their banana cream pie is really awesome...it has a crispy graham crust, fresh bananas, custard, and is topped with a drizzle of caramel and chocolate sauce.You could try to make it yourself as Emeril posts the recipe here: http://www.emerils.com/recipe/5022/Banana-Cream-Pie-with-Caramel-Drizzles-and-Chocolate-SauceBut...if you look at the recipe...it's pretty complicated.  I had an easier time in organic chemistry, back in undergrad.If you choose to dine in here, I go for the ribeye.  I think they do it well here, it comes with a large side order of potatoes, and the portion is huge.  But I usually just go to the bar and order the banana cream pie to go.  It's one of my favorite desserts, period.
4	I go here everytime I am in Vegas- Even if the service is less than perfect, the food has always been great.  I have yet to find an item on the menu that I am not a fan of.
4	Get the Banana Cream Pie!!! (5 stars!)Hope to come back here soon to try dinner and more of that pie, but i had to yelp about the delicious pie. For one order, they give you a pretty big portion. My friend got it to go, and it still held up after a couple of hours. We dug in and i loved the crispy crust with the creamy custard. The bananas and chocolate combined with that makes it so dreamy. A MUST GET if you're dining here (or passing by!).
4	Wow, I'm not a fish person but the food here is wonderful. We were a party of 6 and were seated on time, which goes a long way in my book. Where do I start, drinks, they offer a wide variety of drinks. I had a specialty drink called New Orleans nectar, it was very refreshing but at $13/ea, don't go overboard.. The bread sold me on this place, they were served warm lightly buttered on top and extremely fluffy. I would love that job, walking around with a platter of buns.. well it was Vegas, what would you expect.. I had the rib eye steak, which was recommended by the server, I have to say this was the most flavorful steak I have ever had. It was served with a trinity of vegetables and smashed potatoes, AWESOME is an understatement. My husband had the BBQ Salmon with the sausage and potato hash, at first he was unsure of the combo but was happy he stuck with it, he loved it.. He has enjoyed dinner at the New Orleans location and that does not compare to the very casual dining experience in Las Vegas. Lets just say it was very interesting to watch what people were wearing.. daisy dukes in a restaurant, please..  We also had dessert, the brownie was light and fluffy, the walnut chocolate chip oatmeal cookie was very good but the best part was the cookies and cream ice cream that came with it. The coffee was also amazing.. The service was good, they were very attentive, they better have been since we were a party of 6, they automatically added at 18% tip. I would say dinner for 2 for under $200 is a bit pricey but for a special occasion, well worth it.. Next time we just go for dessert..
5	Made reservations here because it was at the MGM, where we were going to watch KA. All I can say is....BAM! Emiril did not disappoint.We started with wine, which took awhile to decide because the wine list was a huge book! I decided to go with the Riesling and the bf had Red,Red Wine which both satisfied our thirst for alcohol! For starters I had the clam chowder bowl and I am not lying when I say, best clam chowder in my life! Very creamy and flavorful. As my entree I ordered the lobster ($38). Very tasty but a small portion for the price but I know that's how it goes when you try to be fancy. LOL. The sauce in the lobster and ricotta was very creamy and delicious! The bf ordered New York strip steak and received a huge portion. He was very satisfied and I quote "the best steak in my life!" We ended with dessert and took our waiters suggestion and got the banana cream pie!! TO DIE FOR!!! This is a must try!! Rich, but not too sweet and every bite was pure satisfaction! An overall amazing experience. The service was friendly and prompt. I swear the water guy would fill up our glasses once we took a sip. I had to tell him I was Ok after the 5th refill. A must go-to restaurant if you're in Vegas and near the MGM.
5	Wonderful. I loved everything about this place. Great service. Great food. Great decor. We picked this place randomly for a birthday dinner (Thanks Yelp!) and we where not disappointed. We ordered drinks to start, and they had a pretty wide section (any flavor martini you want), but a bit pricey. Its Vegas what can ya do. On my server Roberts recommendation I ordered the Sweet BBQ Salmon. This was by far the best fish I have ever eaten. So much flavor and the potato and sausage bed went with it perfectly.  Also had Chef Emeril's Clam Chowder with bacon. Also amazing. Well worth it.Great place to eat a nice meal in Vegas. I'd go back in a heart beat.
5	New menu same service!!! Excellent!!! The food is great, had the best calm chowder ever!!!!! The shrimp & oyster po'boy sandwich is must try!!
1	Mediocre in every way.  Service and food.  Overreliance on salt in the remoulade was a disappointment from this name.  The whole place looked tired and past prime.
2	My girlfriends had taken me here during my bachelorette weekend in Vegas.  I was very much looking forward to it, especially since I'd never been to an Emeril restaurant (he doesn't have a restaurant in NYC) & I'd been a fan of his through the Food Network for years.  The restaurant was covered in beige, brown, copper, & red colors with splashes of bright neon blue emanating from the center of the restaurant from its circular bar.  I loved the lively atmosphere of the space but, in the end, I wasn't won over by either the service or the food. I guess I expected a lot more "BAM!" from this James Beard award-winner celebrity chef but, instead, every dish out of the kitchen was fairly bland & unmemorable: from the gumbo, chowder, fish & meat dishes to the desserts (I got to try a little of everyone's dish).  Needless to say, I won't be returning to this location.  Maybe giving his flagship original in New Orleans another shot is the way to go.
4	I would definitely come here again but maybe just for appetizers and banana creme pie. Our waiter was very friendly and talkative (he looked like George Clooney and spoke like he was in the 1950s...pretty entertaining). My bf's family and I ordered too many appetizers so by the time we were done with that, I was completely stuffed. We started off with the clam chowder (with applewood bacon) and gumbo (spicy with rice, sausage, shrimp). Both the soups came in a tiny pot and was poured into a bowl in front of us by the waiter. Cool presentation :) The bacon wrapped scallops were amazing! I've never had scallops that HUGE before. Crabcakes were also really good with the apple slaw garnished on top. Mac n cheese was also good, but the cornbread was pretty mediocre. I also ordered a cocktail --New Orlean's Nectar which was very good. For the main course, I had the BBQ salmon. I wanted it cooked medium which was the perfect texture, but I was so full from appetizers that I couldn't enjoy the salmon that much.  I also tried my bf's lobster risotto which was a little bit too creamy and heavy for my liking, but they definitely did not skimp on the lobster. Meat lovers should definitely try their ribeye that came on the wood it was cooked on. For dessert, we had the tiramisu and banana creme pie. I am not usually a big pie fan, but the banana creme pie with fresh bananas was probably the pie i've had. The tiramisu was not good (compared to Shibuya's which I had the night before), so no need to try that. The meal came about to be $300 for a party of 4, so not bad-- worth a try.
5	The most amazing food!!  This was about the food and not the surroundings...the decor was so-so...maybe slightly out of date, but still nice.  However, went with a group of four so we got to try a bunch of different things.  Both the seafood, (stuffed lobster, gumbo, crabcakes) and the steaks (NY and Ribeye) were incredible.  The guys both declared these were some of the best steaks they'd ever had.  Huge portions...too much really.  Bread was yummy.  Left feeling stuffed. Had to actually leave a lot of food behind...so good but just couldn't finish it!  Definitely would go back.
1	Really a disappointment. Bland, costly, service was ok; a little sparse.Our party ordered the Ribeye, Seafood Feast, and the Swordfish. Seafood Feast and Swordfish came out with no spices, no flavor. Lobster was overcooked. Ribeye had approximately a 1/2" of a tomato based compote on top, which took away from being to taste the goodness of the meat. WOULD NOT  RECOMMEND.
5	My second time having the Chef's Tasting Menu was no less of a treat than the first time: each of the six courses were fabulous.My favorites were the Striped Bass and the Atlantic Salmon.  The Bass had a devine butter sauce with just enough Caviar to make the taste something special as did the dash of Serrano Ham in the paste that came with the Atlantic Salmon.  I'd have preferred the Salmon to be a little less cooked, but I'd hardly call what I got disappointing.A close second was the Grilled New York Strip Steak which had a great Worcestershire sauce that complemented the meat nicely.The wines complementing each course were chosen well from the restaurant's extensive wine collection.I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant.
4	We all know chef Emeril from the food network.  If you haven't had the opportunity to eat at his fish house you must try it.  The flavors are intense, service is great, atmosphere is on point and in summary check this place out!
5	Great crab cakes. Staff was really friendly.
4	I've had lunch/dinner at Emeril's at MGM probably 20-30 times over the past few years.    The food is up and down, but usually good and not crazy expensive for Vegas.  Their gumbos and chowders are usually great, but last visit we had one of each and they were really over-salted, as were the fish tacos.     The BBQ shrimp is a must have also. Sean the sommelier is a great guy who really knows his stuff.     Isaac the bartender makes some great drinks too.
3	I really wanted to love this but it was really just OK.  We ate here before seeing David Copperfield in the MGM, who was also just OK.  The restaurant has a nice decor and bar service was very good.  However, our waitstaff were just short of terrible.  I had to ask for a drink, ask for water, finally had to ask for bread and only got it shortly before our entrees arrived.  We had a discount coupon which we purchased from  the tix4tonight booth which was the only thing that salvaged our experience.  Food was good, not great.  Presentation was mediocre and portions were small.  We have eaten in the three Emeril restaurants in NO and I hate to say it but I would not recommend this one given all the fabulous choices in Vegas.
3	My friend ordered the Calamari for appetizer, ( since i don't eat anything with a face,) the critics at my table came to the conclusion that Wolf Gang's serving that we had in the afternoon was WAY BETTER! They said that it had wayy too much batter and wasn't as fresh! I was pleased to know that Emerils had a vegetarian option. I ordered the gnocchi which to my surprised was one of the best gnocchi I've had in a long time! it was full of flavored and seasoned perfectly. My gf ordered the Pasta Shrimp dish and she's one of those people that wouldn't bother the servers for anything, even if her dish was full of  maggots, she would still have a big genuine smile on her face as the servers asked how do we like our dishes!So after looking up from our plates and realizing how full her plate was compared to ours, my friends all tried a fork full of her dish and spat right out with class. The shrimp was extremely salty and the pasta was just odd. When one of our other friends mentioned it to the server, our server said she would let the chef know about the situation and that was that! I would of given it more stars if the service was exceeded higher than my expectations but it was just mediocre and not too much on attn to detail - sad to say..i compared it to the lunch i had at Wolf Gang Puck that afternoon ..and Wolf gang actually did a lot better job with service and Food!
3	Last review for my Vegas trip, but nothing great to write about here.  I have come to Emeril's a few times but this time around it was just OK.  The bread served was at best a dinner roll that I could make a home, the gumbo was average, and service was just OK.  There were just to many times that servers and managers were standing in the middle of the room having conversations for my taste.  I might not be coming back as it just does not excite me much anymore.
4	Good experience here! Went on a Wednesday evening and it wasn't busy at all. Thought that may be a sign of what was to come but it most certainly was not. The restaurant has a $25 corkage fee which we though was reasonable and they were more than accommodating with our champagne. The interior was cool, the bar area had some neat decor and overall had a pretty inviting atmosphere. Highlight of the night: Michael, our server. Great guy, great recommendations and genuinely a good dude! Chat him up if given the opportunity, he's got some tales to tell!Overall, food was good. The sashimi grade scallops were done to perfection, literally melted in your mouth. We were going to do the crab cakes, but Michael recommended the scallops... so glad he did! They were delicious. Then we had the BBQed salmon and some white-sauce/shrimp/pasta dish that I can't remember the name of at the moment... the salmon was done perfectly, the prawns and pasta were smothered in garlic (overwhelming or nauseatingly delicious, depends how much you like garlic!), the andouille sausage and potato hash was great... only problem was the onion rings that came with the salmon. They were SO over-seasoned that it was difficult to enjoy them with the other components of the dish. Granted, southerners tend to season a little more liberally than others... stereotype? I don't know, after watching some TV shows on southern food I think it's probably true! Regardless, we were happy with out meals.Second highlight of the night: the banana cream pie!!!!! If you're like me, it doesn't sound all that appetizing. Until you see it!! Man, what a dessert... so tasty, we debated seconds for 10 minutes!
5	Vegas in the summer.. don't do it! One of the few highlights of our long weekend was this restaurant at the MGM Grand!  There are an overwhelming number of choices available in every Casino, but even though this was in the MGM, it was fairly calm inside with nice soothing decor.... now onto the food!There were so many things on the menu we wanted to try so we shared multiple appetizers and left room for desert.  We started with the LOBSTER SALAD which was so good we wanted more, the lobster was fresh & tender, served over a bed of very young/tender mache lettuce with a very light but creamy dressing.  My husband loves the SCALLOPS, so he had the scallop appetizer and they just melted in your mouth (I had a small bite). The sauce drizzled on the side was tangy and perfect for the scallop and the spinach was to die for (was marinated in something delicious - I gobbled it all up). We shared the GUMBO and being a southern gal myself, I have to say it was very good, not spicy though. I've had Gumbo many ways and enjoy most all ways but like it best when the Gumbo is not too thick. This was on the thick side but still great. I had ordered one of the new items on the menu, the FOIE GRAS with Blackberry jam, which came in small slices, drizzled in a bit of bb jam, a few crackers and a small bowl of blackberry jam on the side. I absolutely loved this, it was tender and flavorful and with the jam on top.. yum!!! This is not a regular menu item, so you may not find it.Then of course, desert... my husband had the KEY LIME MOUSSE which had the perfect amount of key lime flavor, was almost frozen it was so cold and it melted on your tongue like butter.I being southern, had to have the BANANA CREAM PIE, and no lie, it was light & fluffy, with wonderful curls of thin chocolate on top. The SERVICE you ask?  The staff, was so friendly and wonderful, made sure we got out in time for our show and brought us bread & tea until we had to ask them to stop!ALL IN ALL IT WAS THE BEST MEAL IN VEGAS!!! A MUST if you are a lover of creative & different dishes.
4	I had lunch today at the bar at Emeril's, wile watching the New Orleans Saints football game on the flat screen.  Somehow, it seemed appropriate.They have done a pretty fair job of creating a high end New Orleans vibe in the middle of Vegas. It is decorated in soft blues, wave like wood accents and wavy metal sculptures with sand colored Walls and aqua leathers. Service at the bar was quick and efficient.I started with the Chicken, Shrimp & Andouille Gumbo with Long Grain Rice & Green Onion.  It was excellent.  Just the right degree of spice and cooked perfectly.I also tried the Tequila and Lime marinated fish tacos.   there were nice pieces of fish on warm flour tortillas with a pico consisting of tomatoes, black beans some large pieces of avocado.  They were topped with a jalapeno sour cream. They were pretty good but lacking that expect Bam! (sorry, I couldn't resist)  However, a little of Emeril's green pepper sauce spiced the up nicely.The gumbo, tacos and a glass of Merlot were just under $40 before the tip.  Not too bad for Vegas.  I would definitely come back.
5	For a romantic upscale dinner, this is where you wanna go. I had the BBQ swordfish with sea scallops covered in hollandaise sauce and caviar... words can not describe how good this was. My husband, had a steak that was so juicy and tender he had to offer me a bite LOL I love this place. The wait staff are so sharp and professional and the ambiance was so elegant. I will definitely go again.
3	Good location right in the MGM Grand. Banana Cream pie for dessert was excellent.  They did rush is in and out though.
4	At the MGM Grand . Prices are in-line with other casino restaurants which means pricey. Had the rock shrimp poor boy which was very good. They don't skimp on the amount of shrimp so the sandwich will fill you up. Came with a bag of zapps potato chips which was a a nice touch. Would not be adverse to coming back, but only if I was staying at the Grand. Glass of wine and poor boy cost $26 before tip
4	Came here because not many other restaurants were open during lunch time at MGM Grand.When my friend and I first walked in and led to to a table, the seat was full of chocolate stain, so I told the waitress I want to change, amazingly they didn't even notice it at first. She apologized and felt embarrassed to sit us down at a dirty table.I wasn't really hungry so I ordered the chilled scallops. It was goooood, but the whole time I was a little distracted by the mafia guys sitting next to us because the men were throwing flower petals at their ladies. However, they all seemed to enjoyed it (lol).
4	Sat at the bar for fantastic oysters and cocktails.  I wasn't so impressed with the service.  Although I've had many opportunities to go there, I prefer Fiamma across the aisle at MGM.
3	Unfortunately, Emeril isn't here every night cooking the dishes himself, because if he were, I believe MY DISH would have LOOKED and TASTED ALOT better than it did......THAT being said-- I expected a heck of a lot more than what I got out of the evening....ESPECIALLY at the $$$$ u pay....More variety of seafood choices on the menu would be nice..i mean, it IS a so-called "FISH HOUSE"!!Wait staff was...interesting.  DO NOT SIT right there in front of the wait booth...unless you want to be stared at the whole night and approached constantly..The server we finally got, ended up seeing him only 2 times, then he disappeared and some other man comes up for the rest of the evening--with no explanation on who/what/where/why...i hate that... 4 men delivered our food to the table without the benefit of the waiter who took the order and who knew what each of us ordered being there..so there was some confusion on their part..this I do not like either..I PROMISE I saw one of the men poke his finger in one of the dishes!!! I do NOT take too kindly to people hovering over and talking over my food and holding it too long. Just bring the food out, put it in front of me STAT and walk away.
5	Always book reservation via Opentable.com  Have tried many of the items on the menu.  Have loved everything I have had here.  Simply a good meal!
3	3.5 stars for lunch.  I'm normally hungover or not in the mood to sit and get a big lunch.  They do make a damned good po boy but the side is a bag of chips.  Best to save your Emeril'ing for the night time.Regardless...as everyone swears is is RIGHT: get the Banana Creme Pie.  Swoon...
5	This was our last day of vacation and wanted go big.... Remember that to eat here is pricey but well worth it.... The service was very helpful and friendly.... I have the BBQ salmon...which was melt in your mouth with just a hint of sweet BBQ sauce....my husband went all out and got the 50.00 steak..... Which was the best steak he has ever had!!! It was full of flavor and was tender and juicy!Then we had the key lime dessert..... Oh my word, It wasthe perfect balance of fresh lime and cream, froZen so it literally melted in your mouth!!! Very refreshing on our last night in hot, humid Vegas!
1	Total GARBAGE! Head waiter has a serious attitude. Looked down his nose at me when I asked for white wine. Stated," we don't serve blush wines" real snotty. Ordered food and it was cold plus there wasn't enough there to feed a bird. Stay away people, just avoid this crap.
1	I've been to Las Vegas many times but never have I gone to The Strip. My first time was last week and I decided to go to the MGM Grand for dinner. With many choices I decided on Emeril's. What a mistake.When dinning alone, I prefer to eat at the bar. I have found throughout my travels that if good food and service is provided at the bar you've truly found an outstanding establishment, or in this case, not.First off, I wasn't offered a wine list. With a very large wine room they don't have a sommelier. When I asked the bartender to pair wines with my meal all he could do was ask "do you want white or red?"I started with crab cakes which were so over seasoned that I couldn't tell if it was crab or white fish. Next was Gumbo. That is good but I think the shrimp had been frozen. Main course was Blacken Wild Sea Bass that was over cook served with a vegetable melody swimming in worchestier sauce. I wasn't offered a dessert menu.  Any other restaurant would ask if there was a problem when they clear the plate away and find most of the food had not been eaten. Not here as they just don't care. $85 later and I left The Strip vowing never to return again.
1	We were on a hunt for food before seeing a show at the Garden and settled on Emeril's. I love experiencing a chef's vision and was really excited to finally see Emeril's come to life. We chose this spot because they had a large bar and a TV and hoped to catch some football before continuing on with our night's festivities and get some tasty bites. Unfortunately, this experience has made me think twice about not only my fixation about going to a "mainstream" chef's restaurant but also my admiration for Emeril. First, when we arrived there were two people at the bar and approximately twenty or so employees that appeared to be setting up for dinner service. The hostess up front greeted us and after explaining that we wanted to try to watch some football, suggested we sit at the bar. Perfect, so far so good. We were seated at the bar and waited....and watched as the bartenders and bar backs moved back and forth. Not one person greeted us for ten minutes...I understand that there is a certain amount of prep work required before the dinner service, but not acknowledging patrons is inexcusable. Once we finally were able to flag a bartender, we politely asked if we would be able to switch the channel on the TV to one that showed the game. The bartender said that he would have to ask the other patrons if that was fine which made sense but he was so dismissive that it automatically got my defenses up. Apparently, we were bothering him by asking him to change the channel on the TV. There were only two other patrons at the bar and thought that it wouldn't be an issue, but apparently it was for this bartender. Luckily, he made himself useful and actually got the channel changed but not after asking the other patrons which were more than obliging but then he told us that he would have to ask his manager...huh? Five minutes previous, he said that if the other patrons were OK with it then he would change it...now, we had to wait for his manager to approve? I thought restaurants were all about hospitality seeing that their business is contingent upon their patrons happiness and satisfaction. It was clear how our dinner experience was going to be after this....So, we did this dance for about twenty minutes until we were asked what we wanted to order....He got the gnocchi and I ordered the Sea Bass....I inquired about an ingredient in the Sea Bass that I wasn't familiar with and instead of telling me he didn't know what it was, the bartender made up some lame answer about the ingredient. He told me it was something like a "crustini". I'm no trained chef, but I know my way around a kitchen and have a good concept about tastes and ingredients. Not being satisfied with his answer, I googled it and low and behold, it was NOTHING like a crustini but an ingredient that included pork....huh? Do the servers in this place not know anything about the food? What a wasted disappointment. And unfortunately, we can't agree with the Banana Cream Pie either....bake sale banana cream pie would've be comparable. Worst service that we have experienced in a very long time. To be housed at the great MGM Grand, I would've expected better. I think we would've had a better experience at the food court. The food was passable.....not good...not great and definitely what I would've expected from Emeril. I'm not going to waste more time and energy by going on a continued rant but I will say that every minute I sat in Emeril's establishment was a waste of my life. The BFF's two cents on the experience? "Douchy bartenders, slow service, no eye contact, food was meh, banana cream pie lacked flavor-tasted nothing like cream and overpriced". Sums it up completely,
3	honestly.... it was ok.. over priced by far.. but then again.. VEGAS..   if i was back.. i would recommend KOI for asian fusion.. or the steak house in NY NY.
2	Something is going on here. And it's not good.  I got a bad vibe and went for a smaller meal. My soup was luke warm and there were about 3 bacon bits in my wedge salad. Not only that the dessert.... my favorite Banana Creme pie has even gone downhill. I bragged for a whole month about this place and they disappointed me and my guests.  Can you post when you'll be under new management or did I just experience the "Tuesday Night" special?
5	I'm reviewing the super leet "Kitchen Table" dining experience... I've had the standard dinner at Emeril's once and it was quite good, but that would probably have been a four star review. But if you dine at the Kitchen Table... that's a totally different story. We were treated to a seven course meal that was improvised by the restaurant's head chef the day our host booked the table... though I'm usually against the idea of Fois Gras, it was one of the most amazing things I've ever tasted when they served it... so I enjoyed it with a side-helping of Jewish guilt. Each course was served with a glass of wine that was perfectly paired with the food we were enjoying. And after the main meal, the servers brought us an endless selection of the restaurant's entire dessert menu... unsurprisingly, Emeril's famous Banana Cream Pie was gone within minutes of hitting the table. This was one of the most impressive meals I've ever experienced... and it's easy to say that it was worth every penny since I didn't pay for it, but the check game out to about $450 per person... in a group of about 20 people. Woah!
4	The food here is amazing. The calamari was the best I've ever had and both the salmon and bass dish were amazing. The staff was very attentive, even offering a few tips on making great dishes at home. Although the portions don't look huge, they are very filling and the flavors are superb. I took it down one star because we were seated right by the window which looked into the mall... although that's fine at a less expensive restaurant, the menu is a little pricey to have me looking at a store.
4	Me and my wife went to Emeril's in Orlando Florida a little disappointed.  However we decide to give it another try at the location in Las Vegas.  We both decide to go with a four course meal.  3 our of 4 course are great, one course is ok.  Service was always good.
4	I was expecting this place to be pricey, and I can see why.  The food is top notch along with the selection of wines to choose from.  I got the salmon and was very impressed with the way it was cooked.  Love the atmosphere and the location that it is in.  If you like watching Emeril's show, it doesn't hurt to stop by and try his restaurant.
5	For our Vegas trip we made a plan to dine here.  The restaurant did not disappoint.  Two people in our group ordered the lobster bisque as a starter.  It was amazing.  If you're into smells, than this soup will blow your mind.  The taste was also impressive.  The only thing negative was the lack of pieces of lobster meat.  It's a cream-based bisque that is really smooth and velvety.  Others ordered the bbq ribs, macaroni and cheese, and the chargrilled oysters as appetizers.  For dinner, I had the shrimp and sausage pasta.  The shrimp were pretty large and the sausage was very flavorful.  For dessert, the group shared the bread pudding (very smooth) and key lime pie.  The pie had a velvety smooth texture.  Not your usual key lime pie.  Both were amazing!  The restaurant's ambiance is modern and contemporary.  Even though we didn't have reservations, we were seated right away (there was only 4 in our party).  It was a Friday night around 7:30 pm and they weren't very busy.  It was also the Friday after Thanksgiving.  I think it was a slow season for Vegas.  Overall, the restaurant was superb.  A little pricey, but you are paying for the Emeril name.  I'd definitely go back.
4	I'd give this place 3.5 stars if i could but given a choice between 3 stars or 4 I chose 4.I came here with a large group of 10 for dinner.  The service was excellent.  I ordered the 6 course tasting menu for 78 dollars....which is a pretty good deal relatively speaking.   The silverware was replaced between every course and overall refills of water and clearing of the table was prompt.  The cornbread in a skillet was decent but not amazing, the mac n cheese was better then average.  seared yellowfin tuna with yuzu sauce and caviar - standard sushi with yuzu sauce, although caviar gave it a nice pop/textrureseared main sea scallop with rock shrimp pilaf in ginger broth - probably my favorite course, the sweet ginger broth was really interestingpan seared snapper + mussels - the snapper and mussels were good but the pasta and pine nuts under them were only so sopan roasted atlantic salmon - the salmon was decent the vegetables under it were notpetite cut filet mignon with blue cheese and red wine reduction - tastes exactly how you would imagine it would taste based on the description, 'nuff saidnew orleans bread and butter pudding - better then average
2	Highly disappointing...especially for the price. This review is a little late. My husband and I were here in late June '11. But anyone that knows me well knows that I'm a procrastinator. But I digress. We started with the clam chowder and a scallop appetizer. Both of these starters were quite pretty tasty but nothing spectacular. They sure didn't make up for my overcooked stuffed lobster or the hubby's whole fish. The waiter (don't even get me started on that creeper) advertised the fish as a better deal for ravenous mate. It may have weighed more in ounces but that was just due being honored with the job of picking around the bones and all the other inedible parts. We will not be back.
4	Came for lunch but found the dining room is only open for dinner service.  We ate at the bar.  I had the clam chowder and my wife had the gumbo.  We also order the seared ahi tuna.  The clam chowder was hearty and had a little bite to it which made the warmth even better.  My wife had one word for the gumbo of shrimp, beef, and andouille sausage -- Wonderful! Good conversation with the bartender and a great beer topped of the afternoon.  The lunch menu is one to look out for! We were more than satisfied.
3	First time trying Emerils New Orleans Fish House and I do not think it will be my last. I don't want to say this experience was not good but I feel some entrees could have been better. The service in this place is very attentive, wish they were the same on the meals they are dishing out.For starters we tried the Calamari, short ribs, my date tried the Rosemary & Balsamic Poached Chicken Breast & I had the Barbecued Salmon and for our side dish we decided on the Truffle Mac & Cheese.The Calamari was good, but after a while it became overwhelming with the spices the breading contains, good thing they offer two dipping sauces to change it up a bit, as for the Chicken, it had no flavor what so ever, not sure if Emerils Kitchen had a off day or they are not good in making a chicken dish, I want to think that maybe they forgot something. The Barbecued Salmon was delicious; the BBQ sauce gave it a taste I have never experienced before. I think the Mac & Cheese was good, my date thought it was salty, taste buds right...I hope to come back and try other items soon and hope some of those items will be great and not just good.If you want to save some cash try out the 4 Tix places to get a 20% discount on your meal, the wallet will not hurt as bad if you are disappointed in some meals like myself and some other yelpers on here.Try it out for yourself and I hope you enjoy your meal.
1	Very disappointing experience.  No ambience, no panache. My wife and I went here for lunch. I had BBQ salmon, she had the ribs.  Salmon was ok, tasty. Ribs were non descript and the portion was tiny. No potato served with the ribs, just the ribs and 2small fried okra.The service was bad,  simply awful. The waiter did not know the menu. My wife ordered Pelligrino and we wanted to share a large bottle. The waiter claimed they only had one size so I ordered iced tea. When they brought the water it was in fact large and shareable however the waiter filled two glasses and then took the bottle away????  No check back from waiter until the very end of our meal. The dinner rolls were yesterday's from a local grocery store.All in all a truly pedestrian experience at Strip prices......
3	The apple martini was delicious.  For $15 it better have been! We waited a full 20 minutes to get our table when the restaurant was empty.  I had a seafood pasta dish and I thought it was just ok.  (It was expensive and I was expecting more for what I paid).  I wish that I would have got the steak which was better than mine (which my boyfriend got).   But who goes to a fish house to get a steak? If you go, definitely get the Mac n' Cheese as a side dish.  It's a huge portion so be ready to share.  Actually I wish that I would have just ordered that!  It was better than my main dish and cheaper!
3	Was perfectly serviceable food, but I was expecting a bit more.
4	By far, the BEST calamari I have tasted from any restaurant, it had a BURST of flavor, and the dipping sauce had a sweet taste to it.  I recommend the steak from here as they marinate it for 21 days and cook it to perfection.  I don't recommend the chicken here, it was bland and ordinary, nothing was that great about it.  I loved the service, they offered "share plates," so others at the table can try what you ordered.  The rolls were soft and really fresh/piping hot.  I recommend this restaurant if you are hungry and close to the MGM Grand.
4	Second time here for lunch another good experience. The hostess up front was very nice and showed us to our table. I had the pan roasted fish medallions on jambalaya. Very good.  Had to knock off one star because they were really slow on the refills of our drinks. My gf had to ask one of the waiters for more coffee. My glass of ice tea sat there empty for awhile.
4	Ah yes, back in happier times this was the ex's and mines favorite Vegas restaurant. We came here so often we had our favorite waiter that always took great care of us.Flash forward to even happier times. Happily divorced that is. I have family staying at The Signature condos connected by a looong walkway to the MGM where Emerils has been for 15(?) years. It's Super Bowl weekend and I figured most decent places would be maxed out. I called and successfully made rezeez for 5 about 10 days out. The place has seen a remodel since I last visited and looks great. We were enthusiastically greeted and promptly seated exactly at our appointed time. My niece saw Stone Crab Claws and launched into an orgasmic squeal. "OMG, I have to get those!"  I replied, "yeah we'll have to get one of those for the table."  She shot daggers my way..."oh no way, I want an order to myself." Alrighty then.Yep, you guessed it. Out of Stone Crab Claws. That'll teach her for been so greedy eh? So the meal didn't get off to the best start ever. We did order possibly the best ceviche I have ever had, and soon the claws that were not to be were soon forgotten. This ceviche made up of rock shrimp, fresh white fish, sliced avocados, and a generous helping of sliced jalapenos was a divine start to the meal.Bonus pause: I spyed a great value for our wine: Dry Creek 08 Zin, $44. Deal. The wine list is extensive and there are more great buys to be found.The food? Well I was that guy. The guy that ordered the worst choice of the table. I know this is a seafood place, but I was drawn to the braised pork shank. The red beans and mustard greens lent a nice southern authenticity to the meal, but most of the shank was just too dry. It was also lacking seasoning. Just kinda boring, until you got close to the massive bone. The meat nearest the bone was the definite payoff. Succulent and most satisfying, but one had to really work for the money shot. At $32 not a rip off by any means given the portion size, but I wish I  would have started at the bone and worked outwardly. Now you know.My nephews filet was the envy of the night. Perfectly seasoned and oh so tender. Right up there with the best steak houses, although not a huge portion, but more than enough to satiate all but the most gluttonous diners.Our sever seemed to be a novice, but the ultra pro floor manager regaled us with amusing asides and some anecdotes of Emerils history. The gent knows how to work the room.If staying on this end of the strip, this is a great option. It is semi-high end, but not outrageously so for current Vegas standards. It is a very relaxing room where you'll never feel rushed. A definite departure for most of Vegas.
3	My expectations coming in was pretty high, I figure, this is Emeril's place, original, excellent reputation, large and generous proportions...and so on, well what I can say is the staff was outstanding; attentive, above par food and wine knowledge, level of detail all above level. Food, ehh, not the Emeril standard if you ask me...My order took 45 minutes to arrive...really guys? roasted fish...45 minutes? come on!  Blam!  3 stars
1	Great Service, but no BAM!  I ordered a signature dish: Onion Crusted Salmon over Andouille Hash with Emeril's homemade Worcestershire sauce.  The very good waiter suggested that the Salmon should be medium rare (just the way I like it).  What I got was cold fried potato chunks with cold dry sausage chunks underneath an over cooked salmon.  The so-called homemade Worcestershire sauce didn't appear to  be anywhere.  A sweet, unpleasant barbecue sauce was scattered around the plate.  To top it off, the "onion crust" was cold, soggy onion strings.  I don't know how all of the items that need to be fresh off the grill could be so cold and soggy while the Salmon was over cooked.  Yuck!  At least the Willamette valley Pinot Noir was excellent.My wife had one of the worst crab cakes that she has ever had to go along a very boring salad.We won't be back.
1	Crappy service.  Crappy food...  Folks, save your hard earned $ and go elsewhere!4:51 pmHubby to Host:  Table for 3 pleaseHost to Hubby:  We're not open until 5pm   (um, that's only 9 minutes)Hubby to Host:  Ok then, table for 3 at 5pm.Host to Hubby:  We can sit you at the bar until then.WTH?  We came here to spend good $ on dinner.  They could be a little more accomodating and less making us feel like they are doing us a favor to have us eat here...  Bad vibes!Once seated at the bar for the 9 minute dinner waitHubby to bartender:  Can we see the dinner menuBartender to Hubby:  No, we can't show it to you, but I'll ask.  Asks supervisor who shakes head...  WTH?  No...  We can show you when we open at 5pm.Seriously??  Wow, I've never experienced such a pretentiousness.  We should have left then, but sadly we stayed for dinner.Dinner was a disaster.Chopped salad:  Mixed greens, cauliflower, boiled egg, and gorgonzola...  Tiny... $12Any Trader Joes Salad is better than this!!!!!Crab Cake $18..  Save your $...  Not crab cake..  Just crab meat topped with greens and veggies.  Ate it because I didnt want to waste it.Jambayala:  Good flavor and the rice was cooked al dente.  Biggest complaint that it was COLD in the center.  Yes, like microwaved COLD!  Gumbo:  Good flavor and seemed like the only dish that was genuinely heated on the stove and not nuked.  Our server was polite so no complaints there.  The food was definitely a dissapointment.  BAM!
5	My boyfriend had made reservations on Valentine's Day for Emeril's Fish House in the MGM Grand.  Once reaching the hostess stand, we were greeted and immediately taken to a booth.  Despise the Valentine's Day rush, we were greeted almost immediately by our waiter Lawrence.  He was very professional and well knowledgable throughout the entire dinner experience. Never once were we rushed through our amazing dining experience.  Our drink order was taken immediately and was served with warm bread.  As we waited very shortly for our appetizers, a small bite sized tasting was placed before us. An absolute surprise that definitely started our night off right.  As appetizers, we had an apple salad and oysters. Absolutely amazing. Perfect portion size and flavor combinations.  We went with the barbeque salmon that was plated atop of vegetables, potatoes, and sausage. Piled on top of the salmon was a creole onion crust. My boyfriend ordered a medium-rare steak. It came out at the perfect temperature. The size was large, but that's what I expected from Emeril's.  Lawrence stopped by our table to deliver a rose.  His service was incredible and definitely exceeded our expectations.  The managers stopped by to assure that everything was taken care of to our liking, which is amazing to have that one-on-one interaction.  You can definitely tell they cared about this establishment.  We of course had to try the banana cream pie, their specialty. It was one-of-a-kind.  Along side was a great moscato to end the night right. Both waiters had wished us a great night and another thank you from another employee on the way out of the door.  All in all, an amazing experience with delectable food and service with a smile.
2	We had a corporate event here with open bar and ordering off the menu.  I can say all of us thought the food was very average and without any "BAM".  I could have gotten most of the menu items anywhere.  Service for our big group was poor.  The restaurant management assigned 2-3 servers for our big table which is not enough.  Took our table 30 minutes to get water, another 15 minutes to get wine, and another hour to get our food orders in.  It would have been OK except the food was all cool (no longer hot).  Menu is very limited and definitely not New Orleans style (and I have been to New Orleans).  There are better restaurants to go in the area.  The banana cream pie was pretty good.
2	It got a two star because the food wasn't out of a can. I called in to the hotel concierge at 7:30 to get a reservation ASAP having already walked by and seen it was pretty much empty. The soonest available was 9:30, so we took it. Well there were plenty of seats open, just none of them were open to people till 9:30?!??! Anyways, we sit down and I order a drink almost immediately which was promptly forgotten. I got my drink last...mind you everyone ordered drinks 5 minutes after I did and got theirs first, which still took 10 minutes to get. We also ordered oysters from a bus boy who said he was assisting the waiting but for some reason NEVER told ANYONE about the oyster order. So after about 15 minutes and having to flag the waiter down and even asking for bread, which was basically store bought crap-biscuits, we put our order in. About 30 minutes later, after asking where the food was, it finally showed up. One thing they don't tell you is that it takes 25 minutes for the food to come out....I didn't know microwaves took that long.  The only thing that came out before I could finish asking for it was the bill. Crap Service = Crappier experience. Go to McDonalds in the food court and get the fish sandwich for a better experience. Food - 7Drink - 3Service -  -8
1	This place can be summed up with one word, ewwwww! I ate here the other night with a party of 7. It wasn't my choice and I was pretty sure it was going to be bad, but it was disgusting. Forget the service, the decor, the drinks, I'm just going to stick to reviewing the food. Stone crab claws were obviously not available so we weren't able to try those, but I'm confident they would have been gross just like everything else. We started with 2 dozen oysters, a dozen of each kind on the menu. It's pretty hard to mess up oysters, but these were dry and smelly, a clear sign that they weren't fresh. Next we ordered the chopped salad which was one of the most disgusting things I can recall having eaten in my entire life. The dressing was bland and tasted like they sprinkled some water with a touch of salt and pepper and the quality of the salad and vegetables itself was pathetic (frozen maybe???). Everything was just soggy and tasted like these rinsed everything under a faucet and plated it. I immediately sent it back and didn't bother to order anything else. For our entree we had a grilled whole white fish which was the least offensive item of the evening, but still wasn't that good and it could have been fresher and better prepared. I am typically pretty forgiving of restaurants for making a mistake or trying something that didn't quite work, but this restaurant was consistently bad every step of the way and it's clearly a place that lacks quality ingredients and staff who care about the food they cook and serve. Please please don't go here, you will be utterly disappointed. Emeril you should be ashamed to have your name on this restaurant.
4	Our first time at Emeril's restaurant. We were very please with the salads and salmon we ordered. Everything was fresh and the portions large. Only disappointment  were the rolls. Couldn't they do better? White soft plain, tasteless rolls. Otherwise, we'd definitely return next time we're in Las Vegas.
3	Great service. Lemon drop was amazing. Food was ok. Price was too high.
5	Wonderful service, with knowledgable servers that were always anticipating our needs without giving us pressure or hovering over us. We ordered the menu set for both my husband and me, with the wine pairing for him, and a delicious mojito for me. I don't know what the bartender did different with the mojito, but it was the best I ever had, and even the server told me that it was one of the best! It was a bit small, but worth every penny.We started off with fried rock shrimp and picked carrots and radish (kind of an asian flavor to it) in a lettuce cup with a caviar vinaigarette. The rock shrimp was seasoned just right, and I just picked up the lettuce cup and ate the whole thing like a wrap. Both the hubby and I loved it. Then we had a broiled oyster that was not so good. It was cooked with a creamy sauce with onions, the sauce was good, but I hit a chunk of shell on my first bite, and that ruined it for me. The pan cooked salmon on a black-eyed peas/yams salad was okay. The salmon was a little tough, but the crunchy salad had an interesting texture and tangy flavor to it that added a few points to the fish.The black cod with mixed mushrooms and a wheat-berry vegetable melange was awesome. The mixed mushrooms were cooked together in a sherry or wine sauce, yet retained their individual flavors. The cod was tender and went with the sides quite well.The filet was juicy but the shrimp on top was a little over-seasoned. The bleu cheese was a nice touch, but you have to be careful to taste just a teensy bit with the food, or it easily overpowers the meat.The dessert, bread pudding with warm cream and whisky reduction was heaven. When I told the server the bread pudding was awesome, he smiled and confessed that it was his favorite of all times.The husband liked the wine pairing, though most of it were white wines (for the seafood), and he's not a fan of white wines.
5	They sure know how to serve a fantastic dinner here @ Emeril's New Orleans Fish House. The wait staff was top notch from start to finish, not only were they all super attentive but also very informative about everything on the menu. I planned our first anniversary dinner here as a married coulpe because my husband is orginally from Louisana and it did not dissapoint. We each ordered a bowl of soup before our meal, the clam chowder for my other half and gumbo for the creole in me. And we both were pleased on both our choices. I spiced mine up with a little Tabasco sauce and it was delish. I knew I wanted seafood for my main course here but  all the choices were endless and had a hard time deciding. I pointed out the surf n turf to my husband and we both planned on ordering the same dish. Our waiter pointed out that part of our check would be donated to one of Emeril's Foundations because this dish was created for this menu. The steak was as big as the plate and perfectly cooked. It was the most tender and flavorful steak we have ever had and you could forget the A1 sauce tonight because here it is not needed.  I have never had a dry aged steak before in my life and no im hooked. It was served with a pile of blue crab maded potatoes and grilled asaragus, which were all done perfectly. Then we decided to order the banana cream pie as it is the most requested for dessert and no disapointments here. Real whipped cream, fresh banana slices (not brown, a stand up pudding and a crust that was super flakey. I enjoyed a glass of Moscato wine from Nivole to end the night. All in all this was the best dinner date that we have ever been on and would love to come back here next time were in Las Vegas. Hats off to the staff and chef's here again :)
5	First of all, grab hold of your cash and give it a tender good-bye cause dining with Emeril isn't a McDonald's experience.  That being said, we loved every cotton-pick'n moment of our visit to Emeril's New Orleans Fish House.  Rocko, our server was professional, prompt, and anything but pompous.  He was confident, courteous, and responsive to our desires and needs.   After a quick glance over the menu, but not yet to the back, I knew that I wanted a sampler (you know like you get at Red Lobster or Captain D's) and then I turned the page.  There it was!!   A six course tour (certainly not a sampler, however) of Emeril's kitchen. My wife saw it too, but it had some shell fish and being she can't eat shell fish...  Rocko came to the rescue.  He and the chef substituted a blacken-pepper crusted tuna for the scallops and oh, that was delicious....  The wine selections matched each course in perfect harmony, too.Anyway to make a long story short, yelp, it was a great once in a long time event to enjoy Emeril's experience.
2	While I must say the gumbo was some of the best I have ever had, the entrees that our party had were all mediocre at best. Two of us ordered the Rosemary and Balsamic Poached Chicken Breast and one of us ordered the Cedar Plank Camp Fire Rib Eye and I can't remember what the last person ordered but I do remember they were also not impressed. Most of this I would say was brought on by the fact the prices were exorbitant in comparison to the quality. The service was great, no problems there, and like I said, the Gumbo was simply amazing.
3	When my father-in-law comes in town, we usually choose one restaurant on the strip to try, and this time Emeril was up to bat.  FIL remarked on the lack of true cajun/Southern dishes on the menu, at least other than the gumbo.  Overall I thought the options were good, but not great.  My FIL's meal was exactly the same meal I had at Todd's a couple weeks ago (seared fish, Israeli couscous, lemony sauce).  Mashed potatoes with blue crab served as the "surf" in the hubster's "surf 'n turf," though, to be fair, that was a student's menu contribution through one of Emeril's charities.  We ordered the gumbo, which was delicious, and oysters to start.  Both were great and enjoyable.  My pork shank was tender and savory, and the red beans were creamy and delightful.  The shank was so large that I easily had enough to bring home to use for soup.Overall it was a great meal and a good experience, but not necessarily the best I've ever had.On second thought...the banana cream pie.  That WAS the best I've ever had.
3	Ate here for a company dinner a few weeks ago. I had perused the menu beforehand, and decided on the rib eye. I had read the reviews and while my normal go to was chicken, and I don't really do fish, this seemed like a good pic. We started off with appetizers (ceviche and crab claws were good), and a few drinks. The service was good, though we were one of the few tables in at the time. The entrees came out and I was pretty impressed by my place. I nice rib eye on a cedar plank, and a side dish of potatoes. However, I was sad to hear most of the rest of the table rave about how spicy and flavorful their dishes were, while mine was pretty "meh". Maybe that's what I get for ordering steak at a fish house, but I can't say I would recommend this place to others.
5	I haven't been here for a few years but thought I should share my input from past visits. First off, I am a HUGE fan of Emeril's and will visit any restaurant he has in any city I'm visiting so when I made my first trip (and all subsequent visits to Vegas) I come here. The service here is impeccable as it is at all his places. Anything I've ever tasted is so fresh and bursting with incredible flavors. The menu is always changing so this is what I remember having then (which some are avail at his other restaurants)*Fresh Angel Hair Pasta with Smoked Mushrooms and House Made Tasso Cream Sauce: cooked perfectly al dente, creamy to mellow the bite of heat that comes with the tasso. WONDERFUL!*Pecan Crusted Redfish w/ Shoestring Potatoes and Vegetables: LOVE this one! The fish was cooked to a juicy heavenly perfection and coated in a fantastic crust of pecans on a bed of grilled veggies and topped with crispy potato stings. They have different variations of this dish in a few of the other places. I had the Andouille Crusted Drum in New Orleans and that was awesome.*Tasting menu: Always changing but I did a 6 or 7 course meal and the portions of each item were way bigger than expected. By the time I got to dessert, I had to take it with me cause I was going to explode! Def worth the $75 I believe I paid.*Emeril's Banana Cream Pie: Ridiculous...in a very, VERY good way! Banana Crust drizzled w/caramel Sauce and topped w/ chocolate shavings in between thick layers of pudding and tons of slices of perfectly ripe bananas.Do yourself a favor and go!!!!
4	This was definitely one of the better meals I had in Vegas.  For an app I had the ribs, and the sauce they were in was absolutely amazing.  For an entree I had the BBQ Salmon which was quite good as well.  The only misses were the service, our waitress was MIA most of the time (the guy who served the bread, however, was great) and the Mac-n-Cheese (overly rich and very one note).  Overall, I would recommend, but don't waste your time with the Mac-n-cheese.
4	Been coming here for years and glad this place is still here.  This was Emeril's first restaurant in Vegas before Delmonico steakhouse and Table 10 (both very good as well).  This restaurant has a selection of not only cajun inspired seafood dishes like po boys and etouffe, they also offer more diversity with dishes like asian inspired ribs and salads.On this visit, we were feeling quite ambitious.  We started off with the cerviche- there was a mix a fish and shrimp, marinated in a tomato sauce and topped with avocado and chiles.  This was served with tortilla chips.  This was a pretty mellowed down cerviche as it wasn't overwhelmingly citrus-y.  We also got a few raw oysters that were served with cocktail sauce and the traditional mignonette sauce.  Can't go wrong with these as they were very fresh.For entrees, the bf got the rock shrimp po boy.  It was pretty good although I have to say the breading was a little thick.  The cajun fries that came with it were wonderfully flavorful.  I had a house salad and the gumbo.  The salad was simple- dressed with lemon and olive oil which was very refreshing.  The gumbo was as good as ever- served over rice and even more amazing with some hot sauce.For dessert, you can't skip the banana cream pie.  This has always been my favorite dessert and I'm not even that big of a fan of sweets.  I had tried to get this at Table 10 last time but was sad they didn't make the banana cream pie.  Anyways, this slice of pie is $8...but I think it's worth it.  It's decadent and ridiculously rich...but you only live once.  The pie has a great graham cracker crust and a wonderful vanilla custard surrounding fresh slices of banana.  It's topped with thick whipped cream and drizzled with caramel sauce and a few chocolate curls for garnish.  My favorite thing at Emeril's for sure!!!This place would normally get 5 stars from me but the service was lacking.  I originally had reservations here but the bar looked empty and we were early.  However, after ordering, the bar filled up and our service was pretty much non existent.  We had to flag someone down to get our food after someone from the kitchen delivered it to the counter for the bartenders.  It wasn't the bartenders' fault that it was so busy but overall the place felt understaffed.  I recommend getting a reservation for this place as table service would probably be a lot better.  Lastly, this place is pricey but for the quality and flavor of the food I think it's worth it.
5	Super good clam chowder and fish entree!  Lemon drop martini was perfect!
1	Ate there for lunch and was not impressed.  My po boy was not very good mostly bread very little shrimp, $14 weak tumbler glass margarita, my Dads salmon was lacking in seasoning and it was on the high price end.  Hopefully dinner service is better but I will never eat there again.
4	I really like this place a lot. I ordered probably the best calamari appetizer I have ever tried and my main dish which was a duck entree was cooked perfectly. My waiter was missing at one point towards the end of my meal but overall the service wasn't that bad. I'd definitely go back again.
4	Went here a few years back and the food was great. I had the Chicken and Andouille Gumbo. Good stuff! Prices are high but you get what you pay for. I plan on going back this June and trying something different. Enjoy!
4	Had lunch here the first day in Vegas!We started with two really good Margaritas: One Frozen, One On The Rocks!Diane had The Grilled Salmon with a Tomato Relish. The Salmon was perfectly cooked and the Tomatoes added a nice bright note to the dish.My BBQ'd Shrimp was fantastic! Tender and Sweet with a really interesting almost creamy BBQ Sauce. The Mashed Potatoes did a wonderful job of soaking up that great sauce! The only negative thing is that our waiter greeted us then disappeared, letting other waiters serve us, then reappeared after we paid the bill to ask us how our meal was. Not bad, just strange.
5	Very good, would go back again. The mashed potatoes are just like my family makes them at home.
1	Living full-time at the MGM Signature, I had high hopes that I could make Emeril's one of my regular dinner spots. Wow. Not gonna happen.The food is excellent -- yet not even the best food in the world can compensate for service that I can only describe as wretched. I've been here five times. Two times (including tonight) I've had to walk out without ordering anything at all after being ignored by the servers at the counter. Here's the deal. The people who work at the counter/bar absolutely despise their jobs. I've never seen such resentment and contempt toward customers in my life. Plenty of restaurants have bad service. Nothing earth-shattering about that. But believe me, no restaurant employee in my forty years of dining has come close to matching the level of visible disgust that oozes from the Emeril's counter staff. You can see it in their eyes. You can feel it when they speak to you. They don't want to be there, they don't want YOU to be there, and they'll do whatever it takes to avoid serving you. The only thing they do with any degree of consistency is speak to each other in Spanish about how much they hate working there.I want to make one thing clear. This review only applies to the counter/bar staff. Perhaps the wait staff in the main dining areas aren't so full of bile and resentment, and if so, that's great.If I could give the management one piece of advice it would be this: Fire the counter staff immediately. All of them. Replace them with trained personnel that know how to interact with customers without copping such a horrible attitude. Keeping these bad apples around is going to create a toxic environment for both your employees and customers.***UPDATE [7/25/12]: I waited three months and then returned to see if Emeril's had gotten their act together. They hadn't. The management hasn't made a single change. The counter/bar staff are still as inattentive and bitter as ever. This is without a doubt the worst dining establishment I've ever encountered.Avoid this place like the plague. If for some reason you truly feel compelled to dine here, your best bet is to avoid the counter/bar area, sit at a table, cross your fingers, and hope for the best. Good luck.
5	Lawwwwwwd. The BBQ Chicken and Sweet Mashed Potatoes. I'm usually really critical because it takes a lot to WOW me with chicken. I didn't want the plate to end. The Banana Cream Pie was also amazing.
5	Emeril's is my favorite place for a upscale dinner in Las Vegas.  I always get the chef's tasting menu paired with the sommelier's wine flight.  It's pricey, ~$150/person with the wine but well worth it!.  On my most recent trip to Emeril's, my boyfriend and I were celebrating my birthday and our chef tasting menu was as follows:1st couse - Stone Crab Claw Salad with shaved apples, honey-glazed marcona almonds and butter lettuce topped with machengo cheese - this was one of our favorite courses, the crab was so fresh!  Paired wine was a nice, dry champagne from France2nd course - Lobster Pappardelle Pasta with fresh mushrooms - so rich and delicious, I shouldn't have eaten so much and saved more room for later!  Paired wine was Pinot Grigio, cut through the richness of the pasta very nicely3rd course - Pan-Roasted Black Bass in basil pesto with a Sicilian capitone sauce and crispy pancetta - loved this dish too!  Paired wine was a white blend of viognier, grenache, marsanne and rousanne from Paso Robles, this was divine4th course - Cornmeal-crusted fried quail and corn hash, our least favorite, a bit too gamey for us. But the paired wine was Pinor Noir, my favorite, yum :)5th course - Cedar Plank Campfire Rib-Eye with with Louisiana-style shrimp etouffee and an andouille pork sausage - this was SO good but I was so full by this point that I couldn't finish.  All 3 components were awesome and the etouffee sauce on the rib-eye was excellent!  Paired wine was Cab Sav, so full-bodied and luscious6th course - New Orleans-style bread and butter bread pudding - to die for!  I was so full but this tasted so good I had to finish it.  Paired wine was Moscato di Asti, not too sweet and the bubbles were quite lovelyThe service is impeccable.  We had two waiters who both new the food and wine backwards and forwards!If you're in Vegas and want to spend some dough on dinner, head over to the MGM Grand, Emeril's does not disappoint!
3	3.25 stars.  We came here for a happy hour directly after beating up on some donks on the poker table.  My friend ordered the andouille sliders (decent) and I decided on a bowl of gumbo spiked with McIlhenny's (very good).  The drinks were far too weak for our tastes, but we went through a number (5?  7?  9?) of rounds of them because they were so incredibly cheap.  Like everywhere else in the MGM Grand, the bar staff was completely professional and on top of their game.  While this might warrant enough for a 4 star review outside of Vegas, competition is stiff for business within these hotels.  I simply think NobHill and Wolfgang Puck have a bit more to offer customers of the hotel.
4	We stopped in here to just have a drink before the Drake show last weekend so I cannot speak about the food (yet).We sat at the bar and got waited on immediately. The service was friendly and the drinks were good (pricey - but this is Vegas).I will return the to try the food next trip.
1	Just order drinks.For those of us that have experienced Emeril's in NOLA, this is remarkably disappointing.  Actually, I think it is disappointing regardless.Started with the burrata salad with tomatoes and fava beans.  The burrata was fresh but the tomatoes were not ripe.After speaking with fellow patrons at the bar ( beware of jambalaya), I tried the BBQ shrimp.  Wow that was a lot of salt...The staff proactively offered to remove the shrimp fro my bill. That was nice and unexpected.Still- DRINKS ONLY if you find yourself at this establishment in the MGM.
1	Worst experience, was so disappointed in this place.... No BAAAAAAAM here, it took 15 minutes to take a drink order another hour to get our appetizer. Does thissound reasonable to you? For the amount of money you pay for food you would think you would get better service than we did but I believe we received better service at the food court right next door to it, which is sad. The customer is always right and if you are the manager you should probably have a better answer than "I just bring the food out" Really....????
4	I come to this restaurant every time I am at MGM. Very nice and comfortable. The food is a bit over priced for some of the plates. I prefer Emeril's Delmonaco in New Orleans to the food served at this restaurant, but it is still pretty nice.
4	nice lunch spot, quiet and cozy... i had the king crab legs for lunch, fresh and tasty
4	The wood oven roasted steak, and the scallops were good. Loved the lobster bisque
1	BEWARE - Don't ever go here after 2p, between the lunch and dinner service.  They have a limited menu at the bar and service at the bar.  We were running late for lunch and decided to sit at the bar and get something to eat.... Big Mistake....When we sat we were the 3rd party to sit at the bar.  We waited at least 7 minutes to even get acknowledged and be given menus.  I knew we were off to a bad start, but we hung in there for more abuse.  More guests started sitting and the next thing you knew - the bar was pretty full with over 25 guests sitting at the bar all waiting to be serviced.  The really retarded part of this deal was there was only ONE bartender trying to service the 25 people.... H E L L O....There were 4 servers standing on the side talking, a host and a manager taking at the podium and another manager in a suit talking to the servers.  What kind of team work is this???  The poor bartender was doing his best, but the guy was clearly overwhelmed.  When the food runners bring the food out, they just drop it at the bar and don't help out by placing it in front of the guest.  The food sits at the bar as the bartender is busy and can't get to the food to deliver it to the guests.  So retarded and ridiculous.  This is really poor service.  The managers are really good for nothing - why are they not helping out to insure their guests get good service???The managers still did not help out when the bar was full of people - No one helped out.  Unbelievable.  It was stressful watching the bartender - i wanted to get up and help the poor guy.  We ordered a chowder and a gumbo.  To our surprise the bartender whips it up himself and serves the soup from inside the bar.  Strange....There is 2 soup terrines in the bar - one for chowder and the other is gumbo.  Of course, the soup is not poured nicely - there are spills on the side of the dish and he whipped the bowls in front of us.  I would think the Chef would at least like to service the soup.  Not nice at all.  Soup was okay, but the gumbo at Table 10 at the Palazzo was much better.I think all the cooks, except for one, stays after 2p, as the rest of the food was bad.  Definitely not what you would expect from Emeril.  Sad in fact...  The ceviche was poorly seasoned and tasted awful.  The sausage sliders were okay and the frog legs were mediocre.  Overall a really bad experience.  I will never go to this location again.  Too many other places to spend my money.
5	My boyfriend and I went there for dinner before the Pacquiao-Bradley fight. We were also celebrating my birthday, which I had noted in my Open Table reservation. Traffic was horrible and we were late for our reservation, but when we arrived 25 minutes late, they still took us and didn't give us any grief. Whew! They seated us right away and when our waiter came to our table, the first thing out of his mouth was "Welcome and Happy Birthday!" How cool is that to be greeted that way! We had a couple of drinks and ordered the BBQ Shrimp and Sea bass Chef's special...both were delicious! The pacing of the meal was perfect and the setting romantic. Our water was constantly refilled without ever having to ask. Since we were already running late, we had asked our waiter for the check so we could make it to the fight. He brought out the check without any fuss, and brought out a scoop of raspberry sorbet for my birthday dessert and again greeted my 'Happy Birthday'. Very understated yet classy, which I appreciated. I had a great dinner there with a great guy and would definitely come back again!
5	I loved this restaurant. The service was great and the food was awesome. I had the prime rib and my boyfriend had the bass. We both loved our food.
4	We had the chef's wine pairing dinner and it was incredible.  Service was remarkable.
3	Tried Emeril's on a Wednesday night while in Vegas for work. Our small group had made a reservation (just in case) but arrived to find a half empty restaurant. I started my dinner with the Shaved Fuji Apple & Butter Lettuce Salad. Yum! My favorite part of the meal! There really wasn't a whole lot of Butter Lettuce in the salad, but it did have an abundance of matchstick sliced Fuji Apples :) The salad was tossed with honey glazed almonds, celery leaves and shaved manchego cheese and dressed in a super light, citrusy, sweet and slightly sour dressing. I'm not a huge fan of celery, but the mild taste from the leaves was a nice refreshing accent. For my main course I had the the Pan Roasted Flounder. It was a little...confusing? The fish was cooked perfectly, tender and flaky with a nice light "crust" from the sear. The part that I didn't love about the dish was the corn grits, it was a little too...gritty. It may have been the corn, but it felt a bit grainy when I was eating it. The Maine Lobster sauce that dressed the dish complemented it nicely. Creamy, but light with nice lobster chunks and wild mushrooms laid atop the flounder. Service was very friendly and courteous. Given that the restaurant wasn't crowded, we were attended to promptly but not excessively.
5	I was concerned about wait time after reading some of reviews but my experience was fabulous. The two wait staff were quick and even asked if I was on a short time schedule. I had Chef Emeril's signature dish - BBQ Salmon with pork andoille sausage potato hash and onion strings. It was AMAZING! I saved room for the bread pudding (I love bread pudding) and it too was fabulous and yes, you can taste the bourbon sauce ...yummy! Wine + Entree+ Dessert = pricey, but nice splurge
4	What a wonderful experience! We came for an early dinner before a cirque du soleil show and our experience was a wonderful starter to a wonderful night. The Mr. and I began our meal with the Rock Shrimp ceviche as well as the Lobster Bisque. Both were very tasty. The Lobster Bisque was very creamy (although we enjoyed Tom Colicchio's Craft Steak more). The ceviche was on the spicy side (a very good kick). The Mr. ordered the seabass which was ok. He was not a fan of it but ended up eating most of my wonderful entree. I ordered the bbq salmon. OMG! so freaken delicious The bbq sauce was delicate and in no way resemble the "ordinary" stuff (usually super sweet). I will definitely come back because the food was just so darn delicious. Well - my salmon dish was very very good.
4	Although pricey, I thought worth it.  We had:Asian Pear Butter Lettuce Salad, excellentLobster Bisque, excellentPork Shoulder with Andoulie Sausage, excellentEttoufee, excellentBaked BBQ Salmon, cooked nicely with light bbq sauce6 year old had the mac and cheese, no ham, very goodOverall excellent experience, which is why I'm surprised at the poor ratings.  Our food we so good and the service great.  Now, we were there on a Monday night and although plenty of patrons, the staff was not overwhelmed.  As previously noted, they did go out of their way to mention they could whip up anything for my 6 year old.  Nice touch.Although on the pricier side, we were on vacation and had a great time.
1	Had this been a Red Lobster, it would have been the best night in the history of the Lobster. Food was ok, service was disinterested at best. Really nothing special. At those prices and with Emeril's name on it, you expect something in the neighborhood of special.  Overall, just a bummer. We went to Cut the next night though, and wow did they nail it.
3	Great New England Clam Chowder. Not enough fish dishes believe it or not. Really good desserts.
4	Lunch with my cousin today. Shes from New Orleans and she misses home. To satisfy her craving for down home cooking we headed here. We started with some Abita beer, the turbo dog rocks.We moved onto the complimentary onion rolls. They were good, but would have been better if they were warmer.Next up was the red beans and rice, the flavor was good, but I prefer mine with chunks of meat, sausage, pickled pork or ham hocks.The Gumbo was awesome, made with a lip smacking savory roux, it was all about the flavors. Emeril got it right on this baby.BBQ Shrimp was also very good. I am used to it being made with tons of butter, but this was a new twist on a classic dish. We just HAD to try the banana creme pie. I'm not a big dessert person, but holy S*%$ wow!!!! This was heaven on earth. Its a great spot for lunch, prices are what you'd expect at Emerils, but the value was good too. The service was quick, effecient and pleasant. If you stop by the 1/2 price ticket booth in front of the CocaCola store, you can pick up a voucher for 25% off your check, it saved us$9.00. And the voucher is only a buck or two.
4	My BF and I went here for lunch on our first full day in Vegas this trip.  We had a 11:30am reservation and was seated immediately....there were only 2 other tables being occupied at that time.Our waiter was very friendly and attentive as well as patient while we decided on what to chow down on.  We started with lobster bisque and gumbo, followed by sharing a wedge salad.  Lobster bisque did not look very appealing, but it was so tasty!  Gumbo had a nice kick to it and was very filling.  Their wedge salad didn't come with blue cheese, but ranch dressing instead...which was different.I had the Seafood Etouffee and he had the Shrimp Po Boy as entrees.  We both enjoyed every bit.  They were quite large portions for lunch and we were stuffed, but had to split the Banana Cream Pie for dessert.  CANNOT leave Emeril's without the Banana Cream Pie!!!  It is delicious!We had a great meal here and it was a great start to our foodcation in Vegas!  We would definitely go back.
1	We went here for dinner this past weekend and still can't believe how bad it was! First, the ambience was woeful. The front is very open to the shopping/food court area of the hotel which made it too loud and less intimate for fine dining. The decor was just plain ugly, with random wall pieces, prints of onyx (which looks like either bread or intestines, depending on your perspective) and streamers?The food was even worse. I had the mixed grill, which was scallops, shrimp and crab claws. The scallops were cooked well, but the shrimp were definitely not. They were severely overcooked. Nothing on the plate had any seasoning at all, nor sauce, butter or garnish..nothing..just a plate of a few dry shrimp, bland scallops and plain, boiled crab claws. The presentation was so bad that I couldn't believe the place bears Emeril's name. I would love to see him judge the plate I was served on Top Chef!!Tied for worst thing about this place was the house wine. While they have an impressive wine list, there is relatively little by the glass. We each had a glass of the house white. Oh my.. It is soooo bad. Rarely do we find a wine we can't drink a glass of..this is on the list. Maybe this is the punishment for not buying a nice bottle...blech..Save your money, plenty of good places to eat in Las Vegas. This isn't one of them.
5	Honestly, I don't know how people didn't give this more stars. From the decor to the service to the menu to the food, it was outstanding. My boyfriend and I went here when we had visited Vegas last summer. I ordered a risotto with lobster and I forgot what he had ordered but we were both immensely impressed by the food here. The desserts were even more impressive and rich than the meal. I loved it here.Just a quick tip for anyone looking to save money, you can purchase a coupon at Tickets for Tonights (located all along the strip though there is one in Bill's) and can save a lot of money on your meal here and at other great Vegas locations. LOVED IT! Must go!
4	My friend and I wanted to try two celebrity chef restaurants and this was one of them. The restaurant had an upscale contemporary decor.  The servers were friendly, attentive, and informative.For the appetizer, we tried the raw oysters.  I can't remember which ones we had exactly, but it was the one the waiter had said was plumper.  I have to say that the raw oysters were so delicious.  It was clean tasting and almost refreshing.  I wish there was more than four on the plate, because i wanted to keep eating.For the entree, my friend and I shared two dishes.  We got the BBQ Salmon and the Pan-Roasted Gulf Flounder.  Both were very well cooked.  The salmon had bolder flavors, while the flounder was milder in flavor, but had a richer sauce.  It was almost too rich for me.  We also order a side of the Asparagus and Roasted Paquillo Peppers with Goat Cheese, which was perfectly cooked.While I enjoyed all the things we order, none of it really stood out to me as super spectacular.  I guess I had high expectations for Emeril Lagasse to wow me, and he sort of didn't.  The best thing that night were the two raw oysters I ate.  Perhaps we didn't choose the best dishes or perhaps this was not a restaurant that pushed flavors to the limit.  I'm not sure.  I would still recommend this restaurant though if you are looking for a solid menu to impress a date.
5	Excellent food with a very nice menu! Be sure to try the banana cream pie, but then hit the gym...
3	A great place for a great  happy hour!I love how they start early, at 2PM goes to 6PM. They have beers for $5, wine and cocktails for $7. I'm not a fan of mojitos, but their Poolside Cruzan Mojito is really good! It's so much more refreshing than any mojitos I've ever had!Their bar bites are $5-$9. They have a lot of interesting things like Po-Boy sliders, crawfish fritters, and ahi tuna tacos, but I didn't have any of that. I had their $1.50 oysters instead. It was so fresh like they just got their oysters from the ocean that day!My husband was so in love with their oysters that we decided to come back before our flight back to San Jose. He said they were some of the best he ever had. With suitcases in hand, we practically ran here. We were 3 minutes late for happy hour and the hostesses insisted that happy hour was over. That was fair and that was fine, but I was a bit irritated when one of them said, "We already have a long happy hour." At least she forced a smile on her snobby face when she said that.
5	I've been dining here since 2002.  The food and service has always been perfect.  I've enjoyed 2 New Years price fixed meals here and my guests are always impressed.  One day I'll really splurge and get to the chefs table for an amazing experience.Amazing oysters!Gumbo!and of course Emerils bbq shrimp!
1	By 1 I mean 0 stars. The drinks were good but took forever so that could have been the 1 star. Went here on a Thursday for lunch after a wedding with 14 people. Had a reservation, so table was ready immediately, or should I say tables; they split our party into two tables of 7...There was enough room for 20 people at one of those tables, I spread my arms out fully in both directions and did not touch either neighbor. Hostess did not make any attempt to change the arrangement. Restaurant was dead, I think we were one of only 5 tables at 12:30. One waiter brought us water, 15 min later a diff waiter brought us 1 cocktail menu for 2 tables to share...10 min later 4 people of our group walked out since the service was so slow, so we consolidated to 1 single table. After about 30-45 min our drinks were served and he took our order. The food was pretty awful. We're from Texas and spend plenty of time in NOLA, so we know what the food was supposed to taste like...The only decent dish was the oysters, but that's pretty hard to screw up. How can you make red beans and rice so awful?! The chicken was probably tossed into a pot of boiling water and then drizzled with so-so bbq sauce. For over $400 we expected, at least, decent service and decent food. I never complain and this time I felt like I had to, the manager did nothing. We finally escaped at almost 3 PM. I have no idea why the service was slow, it was absolutely dead in there. I really shrunk this down, but needless to say not 1 single person from our group was happy. It was a huge disappointing way to follow a once in a lifetime occasion. Never ever again. Not even the one in NOLA. Don't waste your time or your money. What a let down, Emeril.
3	Service was great - creole food was good. Do not expect Cajun at this location. Jambalaya was below Louisiana standards.   With that said - it is definitely worth a return visit.
3	Like most high end restaurants on the strip, Emeril's is prefectly good, but overpriced.  The food is good, the service is good, the energy is good, the ambiance is good.  The banana cream pie, however, is really good.
2	As a Las Vegas local I am always weary of big name chef restaurants in casinos, this place is why.  So greatly overrated.  It took 2 hours to eat some really average, overpriced food...some of which we didn't even eat.  I have no problem paying $150-200 for a good meal for two, but when leaving this place, we just felt like suckers.  Go off the strip or to an up-and-coming chef's restaurant, they might pay more attention to their food quality.
1	After weaving through the labyrinth that is the MGM Grand we finally stumbled on Emeril's just in time for our reservation.  The view from outside in unimpressive and looks more like an indoor strip mall or, dare I say, a Food Court.The hostess was friendly and guided us to our table without issue.  We were seated near the rear of place toward the kitchen.  They have a really cool light fixture above the expo window and a see through glass to the kitchen.  The waiter comes directly to the table and laughs at me for looking toward the kitchen and says "no he is not here" assuming that I was looking for Emeril. But then he adds "in fact he is never here".  This is not my first trip to a restaurant run by a famous chef, and I was not looking for Emeril, but I am sure that this would be lost on this arrogant jerk, so I said "oh, I was just looking at the kitchen" to which his response was "you can do whatever you want".  My wife adds "cool, can we go back and cook" and he replied "I am sure you wouldn't be any worse than those guys".  I thought this was an odd statement but after the meal I realized it was an honest account of how bad the food really is here.My wife got the baby spinach and blackberry salad.  The dish came out and was she just ate the berries and nectarines.  The dressing had absolutely no flavor so the spinach was ruined,  The dish just didn't seem to come together; however, it was miles better than the heirloom tomato and avocado salad that was placed in front of me.  This flop of a dish was nothing more than a poor way for the kitchen to reuse yesterday's stale cornbread, I picked through the tomatoes and avocado and left 85% of the dish in tact.  The waiter cleared the plate away without asking any questions.For the next course, i decided to take a chance and try the trio of chilled summer soups.  I am usually not a fan of cold soup, but with Emeril's reputation of nailing flavors, I thought this might be an interesting way for the kitchen to show off some cajun flavor.  I was wrong.  The tangy tomato soup was gross.  The avocado lime was palatable but boring.  The roasted pepper soup (that had Emeril's initial on it) tasted like sink water after soaking red bell peppers.  My main course arrived and the meat was cold, all four little strips of meat on the plate.  Of course this was no surprise because of the odd service style of this place.  The food runners take food only as far as the servers area then your food just sits and waits for you.  So we sat ten feet from our food and basically watched it get cold.  The meat sat atop a small mountain of oddly fried potatoes that were rubbery as though they had been fried yesterday and reheated.The bread pudding was more like a bowl of day old Quaker oats that had congealed.  I took some of the chocolate shavings from the banana cream pie topping and rescued this disaster of dessert.  For a chef that is known for kicking flavors "up a notch"  this place was several notches below acceptable.
5	You know it's going to be a good meal when your bread basket has multiple bread choices. And they had 3 types! lol. The chowder (chowda for my MA friends) was one of the best chowders ever. My scallops were so beautifully prepared, next time I go I am getting them again. The bread pudding was divine. Go and enjoy!
2	Oh Emeril what have you done? My husband and I stopped by for dinner to celebrate restaurant week, this being one of the few menus that actually looked appealing. We have been to NOLA in New Orleans and absolutely fell in love with it so we had high hopes. Initially we were pretty impressed, but by the end of the meal it was a disaster. Here is the low-down:I started with the spinach, nectarine, and blackberry salad with maple buttermilk dressing. This was a sophisticated take on a Southern summer salad. It was delicious and well balanced; I really enjoyed it! My husband had the heirloom tomato, jalapeno cornbread, and avocado salad. It was also pretty good, but the cornbread croutons were oversized and completely overtook everything else in the salad. Next, I had the clam chowder which was so creamy and perfectly balanced. The potatoes were just a touch undercooked, I am not sure if this was intentional or not, but it was a nice touch that added a little bite to the dish. My husband had the gumbo. The gumbo was at first bite underwhelming, but the more you ate the better it got. There was a nice touch of heat that continued to build with each bite.Everything up to this point was good, but the moment our entrees hit the table I was concerned. I chose the pecan crusted trout, which is served with the head on and with a giant bed of slaw on top of it. It is not a visually appealing dish in the least, in fact I didn't even want to eat it. The moment I took a bite I immediately regretted it as it was so aggressively salted that I almost spit it out. It was borderline inedible and the slaw on top had absolutely no flavor and added nothing to the dish. It was one of the weirdest things I have ever been served. My husband had the scallops and baby back ribs, what a weird combination in the first place! I am not a fan of scallops so I won't even go there, but the baby back ribs had a bit of a sweetness to them and weren't too bad. I ate some of those and pushed my fish to the middle of the table. The waiter took the queue and asked if he could bring me something else, I turned him down because at this point I was getting full anyway and we still had dessert!I had to try the banana cream pie for dessert and was expecting a fluffy, creamy cloud. Dessert was probably my favorite course in New Orleans, so I again had high hopes. Unfortunately, there was nothing creamy about the banana cream pie. It was so thick and almost entirely made of slices of bananas that it was more like a bad version of banana cheesecake. I took 2 bites and wanted to throw my hands up in the air and scream, come on Emeril I know you can do better than that! Overall, we were pretty disappointed. The service was fantastic, but the trout was probably one of the worst dishes I have ever been served and dessert was such a let down. I know that Emeril can make amazing food, I've had the pleasure of eating it, so what is going on here?
4	Myself, my mother, my sister, and my friend dined at Emeril's during Restaurant Week 2012. The delicious meals served here were amazing and presented very well. The service was fabulous and the waiters were well spoken, as well as generous (more on that later).The four course RW meal had many choices. To begin with though we were brought a superb bottle of Riesling. I'm so sorry I missed what the name of it was! After our wine we were brought a bread plate that was full of tasty breads - most importantly, the pretzel bread! It was soft, warm, and had that salty pretzel taste.For my meal I started off with the jalapeno cornbread heirloom tomato salad. It was incredibly filling. I would not suggest this for a starter when you are going to have more to eat! Although it was delicious, I was wishing for a bit more jalapeno kick.Next I had the Fall River Clam Chowder. All of our soups were poured simultaneously from the pots they were cooked in, into our bowls. I think the presentation adds a fun moment to the dining experience. As for the chowder, it was okay, but nothing amazing. I've had better chowder from a street vendor in San Francisco.For the main course I opted for the Hoison glazed sea scallops and baby back ribs. I was slightly disappointed. When the first part of the meal says "Sea Scallops" I expected more of those and less of baby back ribs. But it was completely opposite. On the good side, the scallops were so good. Not chewy. They just melted in your mouth and they were BIG. I wish I had had more. I really only had a few bites of the ribs. I didn't think they were that great.Lastly I had the banana cream pie. It is an absolute must. It was delightful. Somewhat fluffy, yet decadent at the same time. We finished off two complimentary bottles of wine during the course of dining. Hmm, yes, well it helps to know people in the business. ;)Overall I can't give Emeril's 5 stars, but I am certainly a fan. I would love to return for more seafood on another visit.
2	We've eaten at several of Emeril's restaurants in New Orleans as well as in Vegas and have always had extraordinary food and great service.  Unfortunately we had neither at this location.  We went for brunch on Sunday and the menu was very limited.  When I really didn't see what I wanted, I asked if they could just make an omelette.  I don't eat wheat or dairy and this seemed the easiest way to accomplish this.  They told me they couldn't do it.  What high end restaurant can't make an omelette?(I can make one so they should be able to since I saw all the ingredients in other dishes on the menu).  So I was left to order the crab and shrimp in lettuce cups, no sauce.  There was supposed to be avocado on it, but that was missing too.  very tasteless.  My husband's braised hash was just OK-nothing special.  We had eaten at Buchon in Beverly Hills a couple weeks before and the hash there was so much better.  Really disappointing when we know the experience could have been so much more.
2	Only a mediocre review for Emeril's in Vegas.We were pretty excited to dine here, but the food was only OK.Service was good--waitress seemed a bit undertrained, but she was friendly.We had no wait for our reservation, and for the MGM which is such a zoo, that was impressive.The problem is that the food is just not excellent, and it just doesn't taste like the dishes you're used to cooking if you're a fan of Emeril.Perhaps we ordered poorly, but of the four things that we tried, the beet salad was the best--that's not saying too much for a restaurant that specializes in seafood.  The BBQ Shrimp is supposed to be a specialty of the restaurant--think peanut butter BBQ on slightly tough shrimp, and you get the idea--perhaps other people like that, but it's not my taste.Keep looking if you're after a special restaurant while in Vegas.
4	My ulcer is getting betterand thank God it is because I got to enjoy the delicious food here.  I came in with my 5 girlfriends for happy hour on a Saturday around 5:30pm.  We enjoyed drinks for about an hour and was seated for dinner around 7pm.  For dinner, I ordered the pan roasted striped sea bass with basil pesto and polenta.  The chef was really good about making sure there was no tomatoes in my food.  I originally wanted sea bass specialty but he informed me it wouldn't be a good idea with my ulcer (since it was prepared with lots of lemon).  The girls also ordered some Mac n cheese, mash potatoes, and Jambalaya to share.  They were okay.  I had a piece of my girlfriends salmon, which was also okay.  For dessert, we shared the Banana Cream Pie.  Yum!  I definitely recommend the sea bass and the pie here.  The service was awesome here.  From the bartenders to the waiters.  They were extremely helpful and all request were met perfectly.  My only complaint was that the food came out ultra slow.  Also, we originally called in to reserve a table at 5:30.  They said there was no reservation then and only 7:30 was available.  That's weird because we when arrived at 5:30 for happy hour, there was plenty of seating available.  We didn't understand why they didn't take our reservation.  The hostess also was not friendly.  Overall, I am happy we came here for dinner.  We left satisfied and happy.  I would come back.
3	I think Emeril only invests his expertise in main dishes. Normally, I like to rate the courses as a whole experience. But in this joint's case, they all seem to be on different levels. The appetizer was the tuna tacos that ran me $17. They were pretty good, and I know it doesn't seem like much but $15 would be a much better price. Fairly uncomplicated flavors; you're really just paying for the quality of the fish.The main courses ordered were the sea bass with garlic polenta and the baked clams... which were both phenomenal. These dished shoot the rating up to the 3 stars.Dessert was some kind of turtle cheesecake that was small, tasteless and dull. I guess they figure they have you in for the main dishes, why spend the extra overhead on dessert items? To be fair, I haven't tried the rest of the desserts but really, how do you mess up the cheesecake?
3	We visited Emeril's on October 8, 2012 at dinner. The food was just ok. I had the ribeye, which was covered in so many bell peppers that it basically only tasted like the peppers. It was not worth the price. My friend had the BBQ chicken. She liked it, but the portion was too small. Service was good. Too many better restaurants in Las Vegas to recommend this one.
4	The shrimp ettouffe was sublime.  The servers were very knowledgeable about the entire menu giving great suggestions for food and drink to our group.  The atmosphere was very trendy, and I would suggest this restaurant for a group dinner.
5	Amazing mojitos, absolutely fantabulous whole grilled lobster and bread pudding so good that we ordered a second one after inhaling the first one!!  Yes, they are pricey; but totally worth it!  The whole grilled lobster was cooked perfectly and had a little bit of a "kick" to it. So tasty that we actually almost ordered a second one (my boyfriend and I shared one) had it not been for the amazing bread pudding!  I am running short on adjectives to adequately describe how good the food was!  Definitely go and order the whole grilled lobster and bread pudding!  Only thing that wasn't quite as impressive was the service. It wasn't bad, just average as we had been very spoiled on service at some other spots in Vegas; like Cut and Border Grill.
4	After a fun day in the pool my daughter and I was looking for place to grab a quick bite to eat.  Emerils had a HH so I was so there! The hostess informed me that HH is only at the bar and they didn't have servers for the tables (my little girl is six and can't sit at the bar,which I totally agree) I asked her to see what she could do, if not we would go elsewhere ...no biggie , but I had to feed my hungry kid ASAP. She came back and said the bartender wound serve us at a table....yayMy princess ordered Parmesan truffle fries....yumWe had a slider trio (pulled pork.) and it came with amazing slawAnd of course I had to have the shiishito peppers...I think there was a Hugh percentage of fire ones.I had the French 75 to drink x2 ...soooo goodThey bartender even loaded my daughters water with cherries so her drink would look like mummy's.Very happy all around.  We didn't finish everything so they boxed it up and we had a delish snack later on
1	Pathetic excuse for a "restaurant ". You can't just slap a famous name on it and serve mediocre food and service.
2	Disappointed for a 3 dollar signs restaurant. The ambiance is romantic and classy but the food was absolutely worse than mediocre.We started with clam chowder soup and lobster pisque. The lobster pisque was good as it's supposed to be, and it was the only thing we enjoyed. The main course were the barbecued salmon and pan roasted sea bass: huge DISAPPOINTMENT. Left more than half unfinished.
3	In a place like Vegas where there are restaurants on every corner and up-and-coming competition breathing down the last restaurant's neck, just putting your famous name on something doesn't make it good. That brings me to Emeril's.The design of the restaurant serves to draw you in. It's sleek, chic and modern. I loved that. The bar is large enough that there most likely isn't much waiting for a seat. I really appreciate that. When I was there it was empty-ish. There were a few people around the bar, but no huge crowds. That is why I was perplexed that the service was slow. The bartenders seem well meaning, but somewhat loopy. I don't know why. Carbon monoxide leak? I was fine. Anyway. I ordered the oysters off the bar menu. It was that time right between lunch and dinner so I didn't want to stuff myself. They had the oysters at $1.25/pop. Let me tell you something. I may loathe the strip, but I would crawl across glass to get to these oysters. They were JUST the right size. The kind that you bite into and they aren't too big that you want to hurl, but not too small that you don't even realize you have them in your mouth. It was a Goldilocks moment, for sure. JUST RIGHT. The only issue I had was that they mixed so much horseradish in that my nose was on fire. I am a huge fan of spicy and hot, but not in my cocktail sauce, thank you. I swear I think I smoked the oysters with the fire from my nostrils. I asked for more sauce and they brought me out a huge bowl (overkill) and all was right with the world.I also ordered rock shrimp on a piece of lame lettuce. It sounded so enticing and then I got it. Nope. I'm a fan of shrimp, I'm a fan of creole shrimp, but I am not a fan of this shrimp. It tasted almost frozen then fried. It was really something I'd expect from a mall food court, seriously. And they had it piled on this lettuce that, on the menu, sounded so good. I was so visually let down that I felt like pushing it away and asking for the REAL rock shrimp. No bueno. So, I love that they carry two kinds of Chimay (blue and red), but I dislike the $13 price tag when everyone else on the strip charges $12, but I do love the oysters! I can imagine I'll try this place again because, hey, oysters.
2	I was excited to try this place. Starters; Oysters great. Ribs mediocre, wedge salad good. Shrimp salty. Main course: salmon, the signature dish, highly recommended by the server, was weird- BBQ sauce, sausage, fried onions- not balanced, and again over salted. My husband would laugh because I like my food salted, but this was way too much. Sides: mushrooms, and Mac and cheese nothing special. The service is below average and very slow. Two stars is generous. Seriously disappointing. Emeril put his signature on a tourist trap.Honestly, pick a different restaurant.
5	Terrificly delicious food.  Good service.  Very enjoyable atmosphere for a dinner with friends.  A terrific meal.  I read some negative reviews before going, but I found everything to be very good and am glad we chose to go there.
2	Bf and I stopped here prior to the KA show.  Emeril's New Orleans Fish House is located inside the MGM where KA was playing, which made it convenient.Our server was hospitable.  I drink a lot of water with my meals.  My water glass was never empty.  We had the tuna tacos, which were $17 for three small servings.  I didn't like the sweet flavor and the price point was too high.  We also had a side of mushrooms, which was $9.  It was equally overpriced.  The mozzarella salad was perfectly balanced.  It was light and flavorful.
5	Service here is wonderful, friendly and professional.  We came here for lunch.  My husband ordered the burger with Fries and I ordered Lobster Bisque soup.  The food was delicious and tasted fresh.  The price is more than average, but not as high as some of the other eating options.  I would come here again for sure.  great selection of seafood dishes.  Beautiful decor as well:)
1	Disappointed!!Service was not good and the food was blah. I was expecting a whole lot more because of the name. There was no flavor, no "bam" Let's just say the waiter received a $2 tip and it was only for him serving us water and our drinks. Will try other Emeril restaurants but this one is not worth a second try.
4	Food was excellent.  Was disappointed when staff said Emeril had only ever been there once.  Was also looking for more cajun spicy flair.  The food was missing the Bam factor though it was excellent.
3	Shrimp PoBoy was great and reasonaby priced but sevice was far less than stellar. I expected a little more hospitality. We were told we could sit at the counter (bar) when there were plenty of open tables. We were virtually ignored as was the gentlemen who later sat down next two us. Perhaps they save true service for the dinner crowd.
5	My wife, I and a few friends decided to try out this place before going to see KA and all of us were blown away by the quality of the food.  They took New Orleans style and elevated it to a very high level.  Normally when I eat out there is always at least one dish that I don't really like but all of the ones we tried were spectacular, especially the perfectly prepared risotto (something that is really hard to find in the US) and the extremely tender, melt in your mouth beef tenderloin with a sauce to die for.  I'd recommend going for the prix fixe menu if you're hungry as all the selections were great and portions were very generous.  To top things off the bread and butter bread pudding was unbelievably creamy apple cinnamon deliciousness and the banana cream pie was light and fluffy but packing a rich banana cream flavor with a nice crunchy crust. All in all a fabulous meal that I would do again in a heartbeat.
4	Emeril's has been bookmarked for a while so I was excited that my boss wanted to eat here.  I stayed at the MGM so it was awesome that we just had to go downstairs for dinner.  The circular bar is at the entrance of the restaurant and the bar staff was pretty friendly.  I arrived early at around 7pm and the restaurant looked about half empty so I was a little confused to why a 7pm reservation wasn't available.. weird.  The decor was nice but you could get away with jeans and a polo; the two walls enclosing the restaurant were lined with bottles of wine.For starters, we ordered the Calamari and the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp.  The calamari was tender and crispy, but nothing spectacular.  The BBQ shrimp were wild blue shrimp-- again, very tender and the BBQ sauce wasn't too heavy. http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/H5u097W2ywgDx5evASoyRQ/l.jpghttp://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WLv7aTEh8wDr6vfY_AlvjQ/l.jpgI knew I would order a fish entree since this is a fish house, and I freaking love fish! I was torn between the pan roasted sea bass, the whole grilled Mediterranean Sea Bass, and the whole grilled American Black Bass.  Our waiter Gus was really helpful and suggested the whole grilled Mediterranean Sea Bass.  The two Bass's were market price, so I knew they would both be pretty fresh.  I was pretty shocked when the fish came out because it was a lot bigger than I had anticipated-- the bass barely fit on my plate and it literally was the whole fish!  The grilled/charred criss-crossed skin looked great (I love charr!) and the bass was Citrus and Herb stuffed with Chardonnay Agrodulce.  The whole fish was perfectly cooked-- very juicy and flakey!  The best part were the cheeks, charred skin, and the belly (i love the fatty part).  I ate it all.http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/WAbM_0y6h2Q8OLy3BKLiLQ/l.jpgThe Wine menu was huge compared to the food menu so we had to ask the sommelier to help us out.  Our table ordered all different entrees: fish, etouffee, and steak, so he suggested we go with a Pinot Noir.  We ordered a bottle of the 2010 A.P Vin.  I was surprised that the wine wasn't corked; it was a screw top which I thought was odd.  The wine was pretty fruity and paired nicely with our entrees. For Dessert, I had the Banana Cream Pie.  YUM!  I love how they use whole slices of banana instead of mashing the banana in with the filling.  The pie was garnished with caramel sauce and chocolate shavings.  The ratio of the pie was 50% banana, 50% cream, so I didn't feel too guilty about polishing it off. http://s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dE08svm378CZOkRgk-Q5Fg/l.jpgI tried some of my co worker's Frozen Key Lime Mousse Pie.  If you like tart, you will love this!  The creamy part of the pie and the coconut cookies mellows out the tartness of the frozen lime.  It also comes with a Mandarin orange coulis(a pureed sauce) which helped balance out the sweet and sour-ness of the pie. http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/lLCza292bSMRstYxdqdt8Q/l.jpgI'm definitely coming back here to try the other seafood dishes!
3	Good food but I was expecting more from an Emeril's restaurant in MGM.Ambience:The glass enclosed area had nice white linens, and had an elegant feel.  The second one had tiled tables with a very casual atmosphere.  They told us that you would need reservations in order to be seated on the first section.Price:Average for a good fine dining restaurant.Food:- They give you three different types of complimentary bread which were not really my kind of taste.- The lobster bisque had amazing flavor and was the best I've tried so far.- Had Point Judith Calamari with salad for starters which tasted normal.- The color of the ribeye suggested it was cooked just right but the plating didn't look appealing and it reminded me that Fish Houses do not specialize in steaks.- Blue Crabmeat Stuffed Shrimp was amazing.- Pudding was good but nothing spectacular.
5	Nice gem hiddeninside the MGM. I cant say enough good things about the food and the staff. My steak was perfectly cooked and the country smashed potatoes top it off excellently. You have to have the clam chowder also.
3	After sadly finding out that Seablue at the MGM is temporarily closed, we left scrambling for a quick but nice early seafood dinner.  Emeril's menu seemed to have us covered, and during their happy hour (bar-only), it seemed fortuitous.  We ate half a dozen oysters at their happy-hour prices, which were a good start.  The prie fixe menu - soup, salad, entree and dessert seemed like a good deal, as well.The duck confit salad was surprisingly luxurious.  The clam chowder was sufficiently clammy and salty.  The entree of Sweet Barbecue Glazed Salmon was plentiful and filling, while also being more sweet than anything.  My friend's entree of what looked to be Scallops in Spaghetti looked down right sad.  Barely a tiny bowl's worth of food, and it honestly looked like it came from a can.  Yes, spaghetti from a can, with tiny scallops added to it.  Dessert came and went, the Bread Pudding being extremely buttery.The service was courteous when they came by at the bar, but otherwise, they were really more interested in whatever else they were doing - maybe setting up for the rest of the night, filling table orders.All in all - did I feel like my dinner was worth the $63?  Yes, it's a fair value for the strip.  My friends?  Not even close.I miss Seablue.
3	To be honest this was a hard review to write.  We have been here several times.  The first time we were really impressed.   The food was excellent and the lobster bisque was different from any we had ever had.  To be honest it was so good we started asking about it when we went back but they no longer served it that often.  We were told to call a few days ahead when we returned and they would make it for us.  Which we did but what we got the next time was just standard lobster bisque nothing like what we had the first time.   The food was still good but the service is a bit over the top.  However the last time we went there was hardly anyone there and the food was not as good.  We went at lunch and what really struck me as odd was the cheap rols they were serving.  These rolls where the same sweet ones you get at any discount store and frankly even I wont buy them.  I was rather insutling when the waiter served them with his silver tongs.   Cheap rolls are cheap rolls no matter how you serve them.  The rest of the food was good but not as good and I honestly do not know if the prices are worth a repeat.  We were one of only two tables there which says a lot right at the noon hour.
1	Food poisoning alert. My husband and I dined at Emerils on 03/8/13. 3 hours after dining there he was violently ill with food poisoning. My guess was either the salmon or the banana crime pie. This had all the ear marks of staph poisoning . My shrimp was over cooked and cold,his salmon was undercooked and blah. The wine was ordered incorrectly and the staff became surly and indifferent when it was brought to their attention. It was restaurant week in Vegas and the menu was there but concealed behind other menu pages. Stay away from this restaurant it is hazardous to your health.
4	*** Review is for Spring 2013 Restaurant Week Menu ***This is one of those places that I never think of going to because it's a bit of a pain for a local.  Park in the garage, walk in through the Star Lane Shops, go through the casino to the Studio Walk shops and there you'll find Emeril's New Orleans Fish House.  Well, I found out it's worth the pain.  I had a show at the Venetian at 8 PM, so I made a reservation with Open Table for 5:30 and I was seated immediately.Then began service that was equal to some of the finest restaurants at which I've eaten in this  town.  One of three people was always aware, in an unobtrusive way, where I was with any of the courses.  Within seconds of finishing a course, someone was there to ask if they could remove the dish.  When my iced tea was almost finished, a new glass was brought and replaced the old one without having to ask.  And, Emeril's passed my pink packet test with an A+ grade!  I began this review with the service first because I wanted it to be the stand out it was.For the first course, I chose the Caesar salad with romaine hearts, parmesan cheese, roasted garlic grissini and a creamy house dressing.  Most of the description comes from the menu.  The dressing and shredded parmesan were outstanding.For course two, I had to go with the gumbo.  After all, Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, isn't it a law you have to try the gumbo.  It was a mixture of shrimp, chicken and Andouille pork suasage with okra and rice.  The gumbo had the proper thickness and it was peppery spicy, not hot sauce spicy.  it was very good.For the main course, I went with the sweet barbecued Atlantic salmon.  My waiter said the chef suggested medium rare cooking.  I told him it could be closer to rare and that's just the way it was.  As the menu states, accompanying the salmon were "spicy Andouille pork sausage hash, crystal fried onion crust And Emeril's house made Worcestershire."  There were pieces of Andouille, cubed potatoes, and some fresh tomatoes.  The salmon was excellent and the barbecue cooking gave me the chance to try salmon prepared in a different manner.To end this dinner, I chose an item not on their online RW Week menu but is on their normal menu.  It's the flourless bourbon chocolate cake with sweet cherry compote and peanut butter mousse.  What a combination!  Delicious chocolate cake with some peanut butter mousse and some cherries.  One forkful was a blast of different flavors.  This is a winner.  There were also some chopped, glazed nuts for texture.This was an excellent beginning to my Restaurant Week. Note to M Life members.  If you take your receipt to the M Life club, they'll give you M Life points for the value of your dinner but you can't get it directly from Emeril's.
2	A few dishes warrant three stars, but the majority? Meh.On our fourth day of Restaurant Week, we dined at Emeril's Fish House. It's one of the few restaurants I've never experienced at MGM Grand. We had 6 o'clock reservations and we were seated promptly. All three of us chose the Restaurant Week menu for $50.13. We started with salads: the Heirloom Tomato Salad - Spanish Blue Cheese, Red Onion, Basil, Herb Vinaigrette and Aged Balsamic Vinegar and the Caesar Salad - Romaine Hearts, Parmesan Cheese, Roasted Garlic Grissini and Creamy House Made Dressing. The tomatoes weren't as hearty as we'd hope, but the blue cheese was high octane and really stellar. I had hoped the Caesar house dressing would be like what's offered at Delmonico. Unfortunately, it wasn't. This romaine was overdressed and the dressing was too sweet for my liking. Our second course was Shrimp & Andouille Pork Sausage Gumbo - Okra & Long Grain Rice and Chef Emeril's Fall River Clam Chowder - Apple Smoked Bacon & Idaho Potatoes. I was torn between the two but went with the Gumbo since we were in Emeril's house. The chowder, however, was the better choice. It was velvety and the clams were perfectly tender. The Gumbo lacked "Bam!" it was really mild. Though, not overly salty like many I tried in New Orleans. We sampled each of the options for the third course: Horseradish Grilled Blue Shrimp - Patty pan Squash, Zucchini & Pearl Couscous and Preserved Meyer Lemon, Chef Emeril's Sweet Barbecued Atlantic Salmon - Spicy Andouille Pork Sausage Hash, Crystal Fried Onion Crust and Emeril's House made Worcestershire and Grilled Double Cut Pork Chop - Chive Blossom & Yukon Gold Potato Puree, and Wilted Spinach.The shrimp was the winning dish. It was well seasoned and not a bit overcooked. I wish I had ordered it, instead I had the BBQ Salmon. I ordered it since "fish house" is in the name and I've never had salmon barbequed. In short, I was very underwhelmed. It was underseasoned and lacked pizazz. The sweetness hid the natural salmon flavor. The hash was so overly salty I couldn't eat it. The double cut pork chop was prepared medium. It was cooked to order, but it was tough! And also terribly bland. Yet, the spinach was so salty it was inedible. I welcomed dessert and when it was delivered our server said "and now, for the best part!" Sadly, it was the best part. The didn't have the Lemon & Angel Food Cake Trifle that was posted online. So, I decided to give Emeril's Banana Cream Pie another chance. I had it before at Delmonico and it was served frozen. Thankfully, this was one was ice crystal free. It seemed to have more cream than banana; it was nothing I'd rave about or even order again, but it was pretty good. The guys chose the butter and bread pudding. This was the highlight of the night. Tender, gooey bread, and slightly sweet. Service was attentive. However, I found dinner service a bit odd. Each course was brought out on an enormous tray with each dish covered and then placed on a stand. The covers were removed and then the food would sit until a few servers could gather to serve all dishes at the same time. It looked like a parade of room service, then you see the food sitting there and you're left thinking "serve it to me or I'll serve it to myself." I don't know if it was amplified because we sat at the table next to their prepping area - we saw this process for every diner in our back corner of the room. I can't recall ever paying such attention to the manner in which food was served. I was annoyed with the distraction. We were on such a roll with our Restaurant Week meals I knew it was too good to last. At least, we helped out Three Square. Emeril's Fish House is a one and done experience. Frankly, it is sad that this place remains but Seablue was replaced. They had stellar seafood. I miss it.
2	We came here in the last night of Restaurant week.  We had heard good things and were excited to try it.  We were seated promptly for our 7:30 reservation.  The place wasn't yet crowded.  Our salads and soups came in an appropriate amount of time but it took forever to get our entrees.  I had the barbecue salmon and my wife had the blue shrimp.  Finally I was able to flag down one member of our "team" of waiters and asked about the delay.  He went to check and returned saying he had the manager working on it.  Finally the food arrived.  The shrimp were very tough...overcooked.  The salmon was o.k., nothing special.  The main waiter finally made an appearance when the food was put in front of us, saying "does everything look perfect?"  I replied that I hope it is worth the wait.  He didn't even acknowledge there was an issue and never apologized. The long wait and in attentive service means there will not be a return visit.
4	Food was excellent!  We had the salmon and the sea bass!  Impressive wine selection and service!  Will definitely go back again.
3	Our lunch at the Fish House was interesting.  It was a Saturday, but the back half of the place was empty.  This is where our group of 5 was seated.  I don't know if they forgot about us back there, but the service left a lot to be desired.  We waited a long time on our food, and for the check.  So, that was a little annoying.I had the clam chowder, which was very good but lacked seasoning.  It is brought to you in a metal, maybe cast iron (I don't know), bowl.  Then, it's poured into your bowl to eat.  This kept the soup hot until the end, which I liked.  Good size pieces of clam and a lot of potatoes.  Certainly hearty.  But, like I said, lacked seasoning so I had to add salt and pepper.My wife had the caesar salad.  This was 2 large slices of romaine with a good amount of dressing.  It was too acidic for my tastes.  There were 2 long cheese breadsticks that were good though.I had the fried shrimp po' boy for my entree.  I really liked this sandwich.  I took my first bite and found the bread overwhelming the meal.  So, I (like the other 2 at our table that ordered this) ate the remainder open faced.  This was the way to go.  It's a good sauce with some kick and plenty of shrimp.  Never had a bite without shrimp, which a lot of places skimp on in sandwiches.  I will definitely get this again.  It's served with creole fries.  These were long and thin and had seasoning on them.  They were also good, and I got so many I didn't come close to finishing them.The shrimp and grits (which my wife ordered) was not as successful.  The shrimp were overcooked and the grits lacked flavor.  I think they needed more cheese.  Also, the sauce lacked heat that you would expect at a cajun/creole place.  So, we likely won't get this again.  But, the meal wasn't a bust for me, I recommend the shrimp po' boy.
3	*****Spring Restaurant Week 2013****This is only my second time dining at a Lagasse place, first time doesn't really count, went to Lagasse's Stadium at Palazzo. So I can't really compare. Made a reservation thru Open Table for 5pm on a Saturday, we were seated right away, as they had just opened. The ambiance is nice, loved the wine bottles displayed in the middle of the restaurant. Our server immediately came over and introduced himself and took our drink orders. My eyes lit up when I saw the bread basket had pretzel bread in it, Joe's Stone Crab is my other spot that I usually fill up on their pretzel bread. Who knew this would be the highlight of my meal, actually my glass Sauvignon Blanc was a highlight. Anywho, this is what I ordered:Cold Salmon Tartare-this was good, served with flat bread. Good flavor.Horseradish blue shrimp with cous cous-this was a huge let down. The dish had no hint of horseradish at all, it was more of a BBQ taste than anything else. I believe it was Isreali cous cous, so they are a bit larger and have a slightly different texture than regular cous cous. Banana Cream Pie-I can't really judge this as I guess I'm not a fan of banana cream pie, my guess is if this is your thing, it was probably delicious. I was trying to be different and order something I wouldn't normally order.I don't see myself ever coming back here or recommending to anyone to try, even if it's RW.
3	the only reason this place gets 3 stars is because of the fantastic service. from beginning to end, the staff was attentive, unintrusive, and very helpful. that said, the food for our group was less than stellar. caesar salad had some of the blandest dressing i've ever tasted (seriously, you can get better out of a bottle), and the crab claw plate, while tasty, left me with $5 per bite feeling, since each was a bite and that's what it added up to. my friends that ordered steak instead of fish/seafood seemed much happier with their meals, so maybe go with that should you choose this place. for a "fish house" though, this pescetarian was disappointed.
3	Good choice at the MGM. Happy hour was a better deal than expected. $5 beers and daily well special. Food was good and service was decent.
3	The food was excellent here.The reason why I am giving this place 3 stars was the service. It was really over the top.We were not treated very well by one of the staff members. He seemed really annoyed with us. I am a music person from Nashville and was in for the Country Music Awards show and the Film Production conference with a bunch of folks from Hollywood. We are well used to $125 plate meals. This is a $36-$40 a plate restaurant and it did not carry Emeril's inviting, warm personality to it at all.  You never know who you are seating so you should always make your guests feel warm and welcomed. This place felt hostile.  The service was so over the top. The staff was dictating our meal service by taking our plates away before we were done and did not listen when we asked them not to take plates away. Our utensils were in the correct positioning to convey this message. The staff really work hard here, but it was like they felt they were under a microscope. We won't be going back there because of the staff.The guy that took our orders and checked on our table seemed annoyed with us for ordering water as we were dehydrated from traveling. There were staff complaining about tips from other tables openly. Improve the personality of your staff and restaurant and perhaps we will go back some day.
3	Spring Restaurant Week 2013.Our meal for the evening:Heirloom Tomato SaladCold Smoked Salmon TartarSweet Corn BisqueEmeril's BBQ SalmonHorseradish Grilled Blue ShrimpEmeril's Banana Cream PieWhat did we love about our night here?The service. They were going to place us on a tiny two-seater table (I know, restaurants like to use every chair efficiently). But when we requested the spacious booth close by, they gladly gave it to us, even though that booth could've seated a party of four. Our meal from beginning to end was served pretty flawlessly. Waters were filled, crumbs were discreetly brushed away, & I'm not sure I ever noticed this before, but each of our courses were placed in front of us individually. What I mean is when our course arrived, it was brought to us by two servers, and placed down at the exact same time. Not just one server bringing both our dishes one by one. I'm imagining that maybe very fine dining restaurants will do this, but I thought it was a nice touch. What did we think was just A-OK? The food. Everything was cooked accordingly, it's just nothing really wowed us. I could chalk it up to the fact that we don't eat much Louisiana-creole food. Maybe we can't appreciate it as much.The desserts were the highlight of our meal. Emeril's Banana Cream Pie is to die for. I can't pass up eating this whenever I eat at any of Emeril's restaurants. The flourless chocolate cake was a bit too dark for me at first bite, then I had another with the cherry compote... YUM! Before we knew it, the cake was gone.Overall, we had a great dinner. Would I return? Probably not, especially since I enjoy Emeril's menus at his other establishments much more.
4	A return visit to Emeril's courtesy of Spring Restaurant Week 2013.  Their menu sounded interestingly enough as this one restaurant ended up being our only visit during RW.  What makes their RW menu a bit different from others is that they were offering a four course meal for $50.13 versus a three course.We arrived on a Wednesday with reservations in hand.  This was a good thing because they were especially busy this night with lots of events going on at MGM.  We were advised that service would take longer than usual because of how busy things were.  We appreciated the upfront warning.Our menu choices:* Heirloom Tomato Salad "Spanish Blue Cheese, Red Onion, Basil and Aged Balsamic" - A bit disappointing.  The tomatoes were rather mushy, as in possibly overripe.  We usually love heirloom tomatoes, but we weren't loving this one.* Cold Smoked Salmon Tartare "Crispy Flatbread, Whole Grain Mustard Aioli and Watercress" - I'm afraid to say this, but it was underseasoned.  Yes, that's right.  Even with the freshly ground pepper, it just was blah.  I had to add salt and more pepper to wake up the dish.  The aioli was minimal, so it didn't really do much to enhance the fish at all.* Emeril's Fall River Clam Chowder "Apple Wood Smoked Bacon & Potato" - This soup was rich, hearty, and very flavorful.  It was one really good bowl of clam chowder soup.* Chicken, Shrimp, & Andouille Gumbo "Long Grain Rice & Shaved Green Onion" - This was some pretty good gumbo.  It had so much going on in terms of yummy goodness and a deep developed flavor.  We were very impressed.  (We recently had gumbo at another fine dining establishment and let's say their version does not come close to Emeril's.)* Grilled Double Cut Pork Chop "Chive & Potato Puree, Fresh Pea Tendrils and Toy Box Charm Tomatoes" - This was a very generous portion of protein after our first two dishes. It had a very tasty crust and probably should have been enjoyed during this seating.  It was just too much for myself and I had to take the rest to go.  The Husband made the mistake of eating the whole thing and couldn't eat much dessert after.  (His loss.)  The fresh pea tendrils literally looks like they just cut it from the garden.  It doesn't really do much to the dish beyond adding color.* New Orleans Bread & Butter Bread Pudding - I normally don't  order bread pudding but theirs is pretty good.  I was already so stuffed but couldn't stop eating it.* Emeril's Banana Cream Pie - Another dessert that I don't usually choose, but it's pretty good too!  It was fluffy and creamy, not overly chunky or heavy.  I think that's what we both liked - two desserts that we don't normally like but really enjoyed here.Service was good overall.  Water glasses were filled and the staff were constantly moving.  Sure, there were some hit and misses throughout our meal, but it started off weak and built itself up and ended strong.  In the future, I know that their starters aren't their strongest suit.
3	Emeril's style of cheffery is considered by many young chefs these days to be lazy and outdated. Though he probably was, at some point, an inspiration to most of them (they'll never admit it), his generation's approach to food and cooking seems to be a dying artform.But there's something refreshing to his laissez faire, rustic kind of cooking. It's less scientific and more "feel". Less sous vide and more pan roasted. This is what I was looking for when I dined here.Unfortunately, the experience mostly seemed hackneyed and lazy. The server was...well...weird. I couldn't quite read him. Maybe he was new. Either way, he did a satisfactory job and was at least friendly. We started with the chilled seafood platter. I was excited because the menu said the shrimp and lobster was "creole boiled" and that there was king crab remoulade. And though, the shrimp and lobster were fresh and delicious, the were certainly no creole spices to be found anywhere. Not to sound like an elitist, but I lived in Louisiana for 8 years and have eaten lots of creole boiled whatnot and there was no spice at all in this seafood...and barely any flavor. (Ok, I guess I'm an elitist...sue me!)Second course we received the gumbo and the barbequed shrimp. The former was rich and smokey, full of flavor and decidedly lukewarm. The other complaint about the gumbo is the homemade andouille: super garlicky...overwhelmingly so and whatever spices were in there weren't ground up enough because I was crunching on some stuff every other bite. The shrimp were superb. This is a classic Emeril dish that always delivers. I will say I would prefer a crustier, sturdier type of bread to serve with the dish. The rosemary biscuits, while fantastic, crumble when trying to dip into that beautifully rich and flavorful sauce.For the main course, we split the grilled salmon with barbeque sauce, frizzled onions and brabant potato hash with tomatoes and andouille. Fresh fish, perfectly cooked to medium, yet a bit overwhelming. Lots of flavor doesn't always translate to balanced flavor. There was a lot going on in this dish and again, the homemade andouille just kind of overpowered my palate (not to mention my GI tract. I think I burped garlic for about a week).The dessert was decent. We ordered the trio with bread pudding, banana cream pie and chocolatey something-or-other. The chocolatey-something-or-other was (obviously) not memorable. The banana cream pie was UBER rich but tasted good. The bread pudding was definitely the best part. More is not always better. There was definitely a little too much BAM! and not enough thought put into these dishes. This seemed more like the cuisine of an upscale Claim Jumper than of a world class chef.
5	First thing first....the restaurant is BEAUTIFUL!!!  Elegant decor and nice ambiance...I love the table set up.  I love the scallops, lots of flavor and cooked to perfection.  The Jambalaya was delish with just the right amount of spice.  Service was excellent, very professional.
5	I've been wanting to eat at this place ummm forever now...!!! really wish I could of ordered dinner but on somewhat of a time crunch, and drinking binge ( Vegas for my Birthday) we stopped in for some appetizers... OUTSTANDING CALAMARI !!! cooked to perfection with the perfect amount of batter, also the shrimp cocktail came with perfectly meaty, tasting jumbo shrimp... meaty like a leg of chicken... will be back
3	Have eaten at several Emeril's restaurants and have been happy.  I was there for business last week and 4 of us ate there.  The service when we were seated was good, ordered drinks.  Then waiters stayed on us to order.  After food was served they pretty much disappeared, weird.  Food was a disappointment, the gumbo was bland (surprisingly) and my shrimp and grits were very flat.  And food was lukewarm  maybe.  My boss had the ettoufee and he's a "foody" and he wasn't happy either.  Maybe this was an off nite but I won't go back.  Sorry!
5	Mr. Emeril Lagasse knows seafood and he knows it well. If you are a fan of calamari, make haste and pay a visit to this place ASAP! I came here with a group of friends and I tried a piece of the calamari appetizer. The seasoning used on the squid and the way it was prepared resulted in pieces of calamari that just melt in your mouth among an orgasmic explosion of yummy goodness. Wow! I've never had such good calamari in my life until now! My friends all loved what they ordered. While I really liked the apple and butter lettuce salad that I asked for, I thought it wasn't worth the price paid for the portion size and what went in the dish. But that isn't important because my goal of coming here is to try the butter and bread pudding and with that aim, I did. The bread pudding came in a very small portion and at first, I thought that was strange since eyeing the enormous size of banana cream pie slice, I almost freaked out at how big it was. However, I think this bread pudding was meant to be savored little chunks at a time and savored it I did!!! Oh man, it was so warm and buttery and had just the right amount of sweetness. I literally felt a spike of happiness while eating this dessert. Apparently Emeril Lagasse knows bread pudding like a pro as well! In the distant future, I will come back here for this bread pudding, after I work off the calories amassed tonight of course.
2	considering it has Emeril's name on it, i expected way better. sure, the lobster bisque was good, but my steak was extremely, EXTREMELY tough, and although i hate spicy food, my boss said his etouffee had "no heat" for cajan-inspired dish. the service was definitely lacking both in friendliness and speed. come on, you guys can do way better...but next time, Wolfgang Puck.
2	The last few times we have been to Vegas, we have come here. The food is just not that great. We've tried the gumbo, rib eye, and the pork chops. For the price...it's just not worth it.... The service? Not great either!!? Our servers have not been very attentive.Even though I like the atmosphere... we won't be going back to Emeril's.
4	It was our last night in Vegas and my manfriend and I wanted to go out with a bang! SO we stood in line at the half price ticket booth and got a good discount to this restaurant. On vacation on a budget! When we finally arrived to the restaurant after a LONGGGGG walk from the Flamingo,  my manfriend, Cary and I were greeted by the host who totally deserves an award for her customer service! She was the cute blonde that worked the night of the 21st haha. When we were seated, the host pulled out Cary's napkin and layed it on his lap. I wasn't angry but was like "whoa..... you don't see that very often." haha. My manfriend was in awww.For starters, I got the gumbo and Cary got the lobster base something.... Both were delish! The lobster whatever it was called was creamy and my gumbo was packed with flavassss. For our entrees I got the crawfish and shrimp thinging.... OK it was JUST like the gumbo and Cary got the bbq salmon which was amazing! THough my entree tasted just like my appetizer, I didn't mind much. I was super jealous of Cary's food because it was good! Maybe the next time when we come back, I shall get something way yummier. The service was also on point! Very attentative and super friendly.
3	Service was great - creole food was good. Do not expect Cajun at this location. Jambalaya was below Louisiana standards.   With that said - it is definitely worth a return visit.
3	Sadly a Swing and a Miss...We needed a snack before the true festivities of the evening started so walking thru the food mall at the MGM we only wanted appetizers and cocktails so we looked for a place that had seating for our small group with cocktails.  This was not out first choice but had enough people in it so it wasn't barren but still plenty of room.We were seated and just kinda sat, I saw 2 servers keep looking at us while they were talking to others.  Finally one of the  2 came over for our drink orders.  Our friends after working, flying, dealing with airports/transportation and looking forward to a party were beyond ready.  So we sat finally our order was taken, after the order the drinks were delivered.  Shortly after the food was starting to be delivered.  This is when the problems started to occur.  The food was great like I said we only had a tasting of the menu.  Kumamoto oyster, a small, sweet, briny, deep small shelled and a firmer textured oyster.  Probably the last shot for this one in the season, they were tasty!  Emeril's barbecued shrimp large prawn shrimp shelled and marinated in a zesty bbq sauce.  Good stuff we enjoyed it!  The Grand De Finale' Emril 3 Cheese Bacon Mac and Cheese need I say more?!  No. I didn't think so, but I will OMG I would come back drive to the strip and park and walk for this small piece of peace in the world it is the zen of mac and cheese I really had to hold myself back I could have easily gotten out of control.So the food was great, the delivery of the food was great but the whole thing was just a huge mix match during the whole process that confused me.  As I said in the beginning 2 waiters were watching us as they took others orders.  The same 2 that tag teamed us all night.  1 would take a drink order the other would bring 1 but forget the other drink order.  The other would come check and ask about drinks and we would say we ordered but one was forgot?  The other would come back with the other drink.  You know what you drink and one of our friend drinks his drink on the rocks as soon as he got it he started to smack his lips and lick I said "oh oh whats up?" him "it's not my drink but I will drink it"  So basically the miscommunication and utter disarray screwed it up.No biggie not the end of the world, but for such a well known Chef this is one place that is not doing his reputation well.  He needs to come in and check things out and get his staff back on track his food undeniably good but if it is not made to his standards, served properly in this town of amazing restaurants and top chefs you will fail.
2	The evening had lots of promise, but fell short of expectations. While we were seated on time based on our reservations, the good service didn't go much further. We waited 30 minutes to even order and 40 minutes between finishing our salad and receiving our entree whereas the table next to us had sat down later and finished earlier. Additionally the sauce on my plate, or lack thereof, was dried on my plate and the manager's excuse was the plate must have been so hot that it vaporized on the plate. Try...it sat under a heat lamp long enough to dry hard on the plate. While overall the flavors were good and my spinach and snow crab salad was AMAZING, it's hard to look past terrible service with not even an attempt to make the situation better. With all of the phenomenal restaurants in Las Vegas, this place, unfortunately, will not be on the repeat list.
2	The service was really great.  Our waiter was able to get my friend this special reserve rum for a cocktail and he was really happy about that.  The food was mediocre at best.  The heirloom tomato and mozzarella salad was not good.  The tomatoes were very hard and not ripe at all.  The server removed them from the bill so that was good.  I had the crab and shrimp with grits.  It was okay, but for the prices I expected much better.  It was an over priced meal for what we got.
5	The best Lobster Bisque I have EVER tasted! Yum, the staff were all very nice and made me and all guest feel very comfortable.  I will be sure to go there on each visit..
4	Emeril s New Orleans Fish house in the MGM is a must try while in Vegas!!! By far the best  menu item tasted was the Blue Crab Stuffed Shrimp with Grits!!! I thought I wasn't,t a fan of grits but this dish is delicious+++, big fat shrimp ,about five as I remember!! Plump and stuffed with tons of crab, served over grits which were soo tasty!!Lobster Bisque flavourful but not exceptional!! Seasonal apple butter lettuce salad very pretty but  dressing very bland! Pecan encrusted swordfish was a special the night we went!!Perfectly done and super tasty!! Was a good sized portion!! Service super attentive!  Best part!!Tiks4today had coupons for 50 percent off entree!!!!
1	They screwed up the reservation for my girlfriend's birthday dinner. Fortunately I called to confirm.They were unwilling or unable to correct the situation. Moving along to someplace with better service.
5	Came here for lunch on a sunday, no wait- ordered the angus beef burger, creole shrimp cocktail, and clam chowder. everything was delicious. My husband ordered the burger, I ordered the shrimp and soup. angus beef burger (medium) very melt in your mouth meaty yet non messy and delicious. (ordered with the pepper jack). fries that it came with were good, but not to die for. creole shrimp- it could've had more shrimp to the order for $18, however it was jumbo shrimp. i left full- BUT I eat like a bird.clam chowder- MAN this was SO creamy, rich, and flavorful, not overwhelming on any aspect. chowder can easily be too much of one thing or another, this was perfect. We also had a few drinks, strong enough to get you going, not enough to taste the rum. Overall i was VERY satisfied. I'll definitely try to come for dinner to try that lobster bisque. great customer service.
4	another good happy hour good wine and good app will be back
3	My feelings are mixed.  Though I can be known to make a few snarky comments about  TV chefs, I have had 2 great meals at Emeril's restaurants in the past.  My expectations were probably tainted by an experience over 10 years ago at Emeril's in MGM.  Back then it had a much more fine dining vibe to it and the food was delicious.So I was a little disappointed to arrive and find some of the staff dressed casually, the noise level loud and music more appropriate for their happy hour/bar area than for a dining room.For the salad course, my guest sampled the "Baby Romaine Hearts Caesar" while I had the "Seasonal Apple & Butter Lettuce Salad".  The romaine was in no way "baby" as the sections of lettuce are served whole and reach from one end of the plate to the next.  The dressing was mediocre.  I did inquire about the seasonal aspect of the apples in my salad as it is June now in Vegas.  Please don't call something seasonal when it so clearly isn't.  I was surprised to get equal parts apple and lettuce.  The apple appeared to have been kept in water before being plated and not drained properly as the whole dish had an overall watery aspect to it.  This drowned out the dressing making it rather bland.For starters I had the Judith Point Calamari which was quite good.  The calamari was cooked perfectly and I enjoyed the peppers and olives served alongside.  Now might be a good time to warn other potential diners that aside from the atmosphere being too casual to be considered fine dining, the portion sizes are as well.  This isn't necessarily a problem, just something I like to be aware of.  At a nicer restaurant I often enjoy getting several courses to sample a variety of food.  The portions here are large and not designed for that.  I ended up leaving half of each course uneaten.My main course was by far the best.  I had the Grilled Lobster with Chile and Lime.  Again, it was cooked perfectly and I liked the light flavor of chili with it.Dessert was the famous Banana Cream Pie.  It was OK, but the "cream" part was not, in fact, creamy.  They had manipulated this element to allow the pie to be cut into huge, towering wedges that would hold a beautiful, upright shape.  This means texture and flavor were sacrificed for appearance by adding quite a lot of starch or some other thickening element that kept it from having the creamy, pudding texture I normally would associate with this.Each course was rather slow to come, but I am blame that on the kitchen, not the servers because each course was cleared promptly and water refills were plentiful.I probably would not be back.  If I am spending close to $300 for 2 people to dine I prefer a more refined setting where the food is more consistent.  However, the lobster was so good I might be tempted to order just that at the bar to satisfy any upcoming shellfish cravings.
5	By far the best meal I've had in a long time! Shrimp and grits...was wonderful ! Key lime pie was delicious !! Even had some mashed sweet potatoes off my date's plate it was great as well! Loved the location and ambiance...the decor was beautiful! solid prices...worth every penny. You won't be disappointed. I tried the lychee martini which was also delightful!
4	Had lunch wasn't very busy the service was excellent. Was a bit pricey for what we had but probably in line with most other Vegas Restaurants. The food was very good. I would eat there again.
5	Happy hour was great!   Everyday too!!Four fancy and yummy appetizers and 3 lovely delicious drinks under $50.00!!   Three of us sat down and tried the Ravioli, oysters, olives with goat cheese, and crab cakes. All great but the olives were fantastic!  Sammy's punch, Lemonade and Hurricane. Top shelf liquor and big glasses!! Umm!
4	Here's a FAST review:Food:  ExcellentAmbiance:  OK, but not great for a higher priced restaurant.  I was hoping to take my wife there for a romantic dinner to only find that the majority of the couples tables seem to be behind the wine rack with shared bench seating.  All the booths and tables seem only to be for the larger parties.  So, hi neighbor!Service:  ExcellentThought:  Priced high, food is great, quiet setting...not so much!
5	By far my favorite restaurant in Vegas; been there on several occasions and everything I tried were excellently prepared.
5	I think two of the best meals of my life have been at Emerils at the MGM. Recently we went and I had the sea scallops. they were outstanding. yes, its pricey but Vegas is all about the celebrity chefs now. Go ahead and spend your money here, its better than losing it in the casinos. Oh yeah, they can make my favorite cocktail, The Side car.
1	Team Service = Nobody Cares.One of the worst dinning experiences I have ever had. Read the Yelp reviews, you will see I am not the only one. 20 minutes to get a cocktail - empty glasses just sit on the table, you must flag down one of the "Team Members" to order or get anything. We finally asked for the manager and his attitude was like we were trying to get something for free. We were trying to order desert and asked one of the servers for a desert menu, he didn't seem to hear us so we asked again for a desert menu, he turned to us and said "I heard the first time". We went to the hostess station and asked her for our check. It was brought by one of the "team Members" - You would think the manager would have come up. I paid the bill with no tip. They know we were not happy. They have my contact information from Yelp and Open Table, yet no contact or any follow up. Again Team Service = Nobody Cares.
2	I'm with others here who rated this spot under par, and not in a good way.  The service was alright, but not great.  The food was disappointing.  It didn't meet the expectations I had . . . Allow me to explain.  The lobster was ok, but mostly breading mixed with lobster.  The steak was ok but I could only taste the seasoning and butter.  I want favors to enhance already wonderful foods, not mask them.  When you pay a higher price for a meal you have a higher expectation for service and the quality of the food.  The chef seemed a little heavy handed with the seasoning and sauces.  With so many other culinary hot spots to choose from it is doubtful we would return again.
4	Met some friends in Vegas for the weekend. They wanted to go here. I am not a big seafood fan especially anywhere not in New England where I am from, but I agreed.The staff was nice and polite, my drinks were excellent. Myself and my friends husband both got the "Maine" lobster carbonara. It was awesome! Real Maine lobster, ( not the weird kind of lobster they have on the West coast). Big chuncks and list if it, they did not skimp. Lots of bacon and snap peas and just the right ammount of sauce. Not dry or soup, perfect! I don't remember what my friend got but she loved it. We were so full from dinner, we just got coffee and skipped desert.I would definately reccomend it and will go back again. The only negative is that it is kind of pricy, but its Vegas and everything there is expensive.
5	wonderful food and wonderful service! None of Emeril's restaurants have ever disappointed. Excellent and delicious!
5	Best banana cream pie.
5	I started off with the ribs wich where really good. A nice asian sauce and the ribs where cooked perfect. I had the shrimp etoufee wich was amazing it was a little spicy but perfect. It had some homemade anduile sausage that was delish. I finsihed with the banana cream pie wich was the size of a basketball !!! It was very good with lots of fresh bannas and cream.
4	Two of us were seated right away at about 230 PM for lunch. Servers were nice and attentive, split up everything on to two plates for us since we love to share :)
3	Emeril Lagasse's Cajun specialty restaurant, Emeril's New Orleans Fish House, located in the famous MGM Grand Hotel & Casino. Emeril Lagasse is an American celebrity chef, whose specialty includes Cajun, Creole and French. And did I mention that he is also a James Beard Award winner and have semi-regular appearances on Bravo's Top Chef? Now you know why we came here.For starter, we had the Maine Lobster Bisque and the Gumbo. The decision to order the Gumbo was self-explanatory. We were at a Cajun restaurant after all. I found the gumbo to be a bit salty and a bit too peppery, although my boyfriend really enjoyed it. I ordered the lobster bisque because, well, it is one of my favourite dishes of all time. I thoroughly enjoyed the lobster bisque, it had fantastic lobster flavours... briny and savoury. It was the perfect consistency, not too thick, not too thin. However, it had little white clumps throughout the bisque, likely undissolved corn starch or flour, whatever they used to thicken the bisque. They also could have put in a few more chunks of lobster... It's okay, I understand, lobsters don't grow on trees, do they now? Despite the flour clumps and the lack of chunky lobsters, the bisque was excellent. I would order it again in a heartbeat.For the main course, we had the Crystal Fried Shrimp Po Boy and Emeril's Barbecued Shrimp. I found both dishes to be on the salty side. Unfortunately the Shrimp Po Boy, which I was so looking forward to, turned out to be a disappointment. The saltiness covered all other flavours.  Not ideal. The upside is that the portion sizes were humongous. Come here on an empty tummy!I documented my whole Las Vegas trip on my blog, please come and visit for reviews on other restaurants and loads of pictures! ;)http://simplygluttonous.blogspot.ca/2013/08/emerils-new-orleans-fish-house-mgm.html
4	Dank dank and more dank! These people who hate on the food are crazy! Bbq shrimp, pan seared Salmon and the double cut pork chop are so good! Oh yeah and get the fried calamari appetizer, probably the best i've ever had. BAM!!
4	Came here for lunch during a business trip. I sat at the bar and enjoyed great service. I had the BBQ shrimp and biscuit. The sauce was really tasty...thicker than a regular BBQ sauce. Definitely unique flavors and I really enjoyed the dish. The biscuit was also tasty. The dish comes with 6 shrimps. I was satisfied after the meal but would have loved if this dish was served with some veggies. Overall, I enjoyed my meal and would come back to try other dishes.
5	The food was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!!!! The BBQ shrimp and the shrimp Po Boy were delicious. For dessert definitely try the banana cream pie. You won't regret eating here. Next time I'm in Vegas I will definitely be going again.
4	Happy hour menu daily from 2 - 6.  $7 drinks and reduced prices on bar appetizers. We tried a few apps, the pretzel bites and cold shrimp. Both were very good. A visit to Emeril's isn't complete without the signature banana cream pie. Loved it! A huge portion, this can be shared, or not (recommended!)
5	Had an amazing dinner experience with friends.  Everyone's food was so delicious! I don't think you can go wrong with what you order here.  Our server (think his name was Mike?) was super friendly and attentive.  Will definitely make this a tradition when Im in town.
5	Food was great. Get the trout, get the lobster bisque. Our waiter (Russell) took the time to explain the entire menu to us, with recommendations AND pointing out the overrated stuff. I love that. Totally worth the $$$$.
3	When I visited over a year ago I had the best seafood plate ever... full of shrimp, crab claws and the best baked oysters ever. I waited a full year to have it again, so I was disappointed that it wasn't in the menu anymore. I got a stuffed Iobster dish instead... It was good, but not what I'd waited a year for. I also had issues with cork being in all of our wine... even when they took it back to try again... Twice!If I had reviewed for my first visit it would've been 5 stars, but my most recent visited bumps it down to 3.
4	Disappointed Emeril was not there. ;) Loved the new orleans fish house, I've been to many of Emerils restaurants this was one of my top favorites mainly because I'm a big fish eater. You can never go wrong with what you pick here.
4	We were in the MGM to see Ka and decided to go to Emeril's before the show.  The staff was very accommodating, making sure we would have no problem getting to the show on time.  The fish and seafood was extremely fresh and delicious (the New Orleans BBQ Shrimp - yum!), and we did not feel rushed at all, even though they got us out in plenty of time for the show.
1	This place was a complete disappointment.  Though the staff was friendly, and fast.  The food was just not worth it.  The Buffalo Caprese was delish.  But the chicken, and pasta dish my friend order was just boring and flavorless.  I will not come here again.  Sad, I was really looking forward to trying an Emeril place.  Now I will have to second guess that thought.
4	i liked my lunch. it was bbq shrimp but it was like the insides of the crab, like bisquey. i like that flavor. most might not like it.
4	Had lunch here. Ate the shrimp ceviche tacos and they were delicious. My husband had the shrimp po boys and shrimps were cooked perfectly. Not greasy. Service was good. Highly recommend.
2	This was the first nice dinner we had in Vegas and I was not impressed. I felt the menu was a bot limited and the food was bland. How can cajun food be bland?! The service was on par and the waiter was very attentive.  I had the fisherman's stew and it lacked flavor. The jambalaya was better, but kind of dry and even though it was a side it could have been an entree with such a large portion. My friends had the salmon and seemed to enjoy it much better than I enjoyed mine. I probably wouldn't go back again. It wasn't worth the money, in my opinion.
4	Oh chef Emeril, I can always count on having a good meal at your restaurants.  Delmonico is my favorite steakhouse located within The Palazzo Hotel where I always stay.  We were so looking forward to barbecue shrimp with grits for dinner so we walked all the way over from The Venetian cutting short our gambling and skipped eating at one of their restaurants for convenience.  The andouille gumbo and clam chowder were fantastic.  The barbecue shrimp was disappointing compared to the same dish at his NOLA restaurant in New Orleans.  There were no grits and the shrimp was spice-rubbed resulting in a very spicy taste which we didn't expect.  Now I adore spicy foods, but was looking forward to the same dish served at NOLA.  But the lack of grits really upset me as a southern girl myself.  Bring back the original dish with grits!  Service was excellent, but we left after finishing our entrees so we could indulge at a Chinatown bakery to soothe our disappointment.
3	Food was good but not outstanding.  Sea Bass was burned on one side.  Waiter really thought he was something, had a very false air about him.  We ordered expensive wine, which had a very off odor for the first ten minutes, then was fine.  but as we questioned it, and sommelier was introduced, it was clear they did not want to give us a different bottle despite their words.  Host staff was, however, very helpful as I arrived earlier than the rest of the guests.
4	I am giving 4 stars based on food and drinks alone. I don't like to review based on one bad service experience, however, the service was horrendous.  There were 4 of us and we all had to repeatedly ask our waitress for things she should have just brought.  She took our wine glasses away before we could even order drinks? Say what? My friends are about 30, so I'm pretty sure she didn't mistake us for underage.Despite that, the food was excellent. Heirloom tomato and mozzarella was delicious!! The tomatoes were just sooooo good! Had the pork chop, very good flavor, really enjoyed the sides.  For dessert we had a pecan chocolate tart thing... it's very chocolatey (and not as much like pecan pie as expected), but it was great!Wine list is insanely big.  They also have fun cocktails like a "bam" drop which was good. Happy hour at the bar has amazing deals! We enjoyed a drink there before dinner.I'll definitely be back if I ever find myself at MGM again!
4	My wife and I had dinner there on Nov the 9th and found it to be very good. My wife had the tasting menu and I had the Pepper Crusted Filet. We also had the Oysters Biennivue which I am sure I spelled wrong. I had the Clam Chowder and it was exceptional. The service was great and so was the food. We went back a couple of days later and enjoyed another good meal. It gets four stars only because it has to be over the top to get five for me.
3	Emeril's New Orleans Fish House is located in the MGM.Came here with my mom and sister during a "Girls Weekend Vegas trip." We settled on Emeril's out of convenience and curiosity. We were staying at the MGM and didn't want the hassle of waiting in line to cab it to and from another hotel and this was the first time any of us would be eating at an "Emerial" restaurant.  I made same day reservations, on a Saturday, without any issue.Our reservation was at 9pm. Once seated and settled, we asked our server about entree recommendations. The items that our server recommended, in the exact order: 1) "Cedar Camp Fire Plank Steak--16 ounce Black Angus Ribeye, Warm Remoulade Sauce, Emeril's Worcestershire and Country Smashed Potatoes," 2) "Cider Brined Double Cut Pork Chop--Rosemary & Chive Potato Puree, Savoy Cabbage and Natural Reduction," 3) "Emeril's Barbecued Atlantic Salmon--House Made Andouille Pork Sausage, Brabant Potato Hash, Sweet Barbecue Sauce and Crispy Onion Crust" and 4) the Diver Scallops. I was surprised to hear that the steak and pork chop were among his recommendations since this was a seafood restaurant.OUR ORDER:**Sides: Andouille Sausage Jambalaya & Port Wine & Foie Gras Sauteed Wild Mushrooms**Entrees: The Halibut for me; the Diver Scallops for my mom; and the Cedar Camp Fire Plank Steak for my sister**Dessert: the Banana Cream PieThe sides were very good, especially the Wild Mushrooms. It was very rich, probably due to the foie gras. Between the 3 of us, there were leftovers because after while the richness of it all was too much.  My halibut looked good as it was presented over a bed of beans, small veggies, and nuts mixed in a red tomato type sauce. However it was a bit salty and overcooked. My mom's scallops were very good, 4 large ones on a plate along with asparagus and small side of the same wild mushrooms.  My sister's steak was surprisingly very good, which made me understand our sever's recommendation. Cooked well, seasoned well, with a combo of textures from the steak to the mashed potatoes.  Now the best thing out of the entire meal was dessert. Again we asked our server for his recommendation and he couldn't stop raving about the banana cream pie. Now I'm not a fan of banana flavored bread, cakes, cupcakes, pudding, including pie. However, because he was spot on about the steak I decided to take a leap of faith and get on board with my mom and sister who both wanted the banana cream pie.  The pie came and went...we devoured all of it. Light, fluffy, with a hint of banana it wasn't as bad as I had imagined it to be. I'd go so far as to say this was the best banana cream pie I've ever had...definitely made with quality ingredients. So overall, my 1st time at an "Emeril" restaurant was ok. The side of wild mushrooms; the cedar plank steak; and the lovely banana cream pie were the food highlights of the meal. I doubt I'd come back if it were up to me, but I'm definitely glad I tried it.
5	Yummmmmm. Started with the hearts of romain Caesar salad. Very different dressing but VERY good!!!Had the salmon with andouille sausage chipped up under it. The sauce was amazing. For my side I ordered the Macaroni and Cheese. ... Served in a huge casserole dish   Fresh out of the oven!!  And to my surprise, it has bacon in it.  I think it may be one of the best Mac and cheeses I've had. No desert.... Way too full!!! But when I saw a piece if the banana cream pie I was very temptedGood service
3	Decent food, pricey though, asked the lady who brought us to our table what she recommends and she said " hamburgers and the steak... I said to myself, at a fish house? I was cracking up. Then the older lady says "yeah other stuff is good too but they took it off the menu" it was classic. Gus and other waiters on top of it though, good customer service
3	We ate here the day after Thanksgiving before going to see Justin Timberlake. The mushroom toast was really delicious. Lobster bisque and Redfish were good.The issue was the service-we were in the very back of the restaurant near one of the kitchen entrances so there was a lot of coming and going. We had several different servers tell us they were going to wait on us and it ended being different people. Nothing was terrible it just seemed like there was kind of a work flow issue amongst the staff. They could definitely work on that because the level that things are supposed to be at-it is not quite there.
5	At here on 12/11 for HAPPY HOUR. It was very good. We got goat cheese and marinated olives  5$ which came with tons of olives and goat cheese. We also got the fried Cajun shrimp 7$ super good and flavorful. Will go back for sure.
5	what a great meal!  first, every person who helped us--every person-- was a pro.  From the hostesses to the bus person to the two waiters--everyone was knowledgeable, eager to discuss, and friendly.  Our waiters--Christian and Dan--answered every question with amazing detail, whether the subject was food or wine.  I'm a foodie--and a former waiter--and I'm so often dismayed at the disinterest servers exhibit when I ask about the food.  Well, at Emeril's Fish House in LV, I never felt as though I was asking for too much detail (even tho i do ask for a crazy amount of detail, I admit).  Everyone was knowledgeable and very, very friendly.  On to the food.  The oyster app was delicious.  Mind you--I have said on many occasions that I plan on dying before eating an oyster.  Dan or Christian convinced me to try it.  Despite my not feeling at all suicidal, this evening, I did try it.  Well, all I can say is, if this is your last meal, order the oysters.  lol.  O.k., suicide jokes (always a crowd fave) aside, the oyster app was very, very good.  Allow me to get a bit foodie-wonky for a moment.  First, it's very, very good. Order it.  The only complaint I have is that the oyster flavor was overpowered by the mushroom, bacon and panko crust--which were all extremely deelish.  Alas, the poor, introverted-in-flavor oyster part of the dish was practically eliminated. So, I'd recommend that this "proportion" issue be addressed.  The oyster sort of freshens this very, very excellent dish.  On to the bbq shrimp.  The bbq shrimp app was really wonderful--bbq'd yet creamy, with a rosemary biscuit that was crunchy and absolutely PIPING HOT.  So good.  This is a signature dish and you should order it, as well.  The bbq salmon was perfectly medium rare and the onion rings served with it were super crispy and just salty enough to so wonderfully accent the sweet bbq'd salmon.  Yum.  The mushroom and foix gras side I ordered was simple but wonderful.  I ordered the New Orleans dessert sampler.  The southern pecan pie tart with vanilla ice cream was totally over-the-top amazing.  It's hard to recall the others on the sampler dish because this was so good.  Who makes crusts out of corn meal?!?!?!?  I do--from now on. Corn meal and butter--what could be bad?  But I digress.  Where was I?   Ah, the other desserts.  So, Emeril's banana cream pie.  It's famous.  OK, it was a great dessert.  A little too heavy for my taste (the filling was very, very rich-- a bit too rich, imho)--but it was a great dessert in its own right--but not next to the pecan pie.  The bread pudding was very good, as well--particularly because it was unusually creamy and light and not too sweet--but again, imho, it paled in comparison to the pecan pie tartlet. Overall, this is a great restaurant.  If you're a foodie, go here.  This is what it's all about.
4	My mom declared that she needed a drink after nearly 7 hours of shopping (with a little eating and gambling mixed in), so we headed to Emeril's for happy hour.I wasn't planning on drinking, but I saw they had my favorite drink, Pimm's cup, on their happy hour menu! If you've never had a Pimm's cup, it's a very refreshing and very British drink with muddled cucumbers, ginger ale and a gin-type base. Other than drinks we shared oysters, soft pretzel sticks and fried shrimp. I tried to order calamari off the regular appetizer menu, but the bartender said they weren't serving it yet, which is weird because there were customers in the dining room. Then another guy at the bar ordered a whole meal off the regular menu! In any case, I tried again with dessert and was more successful. The taste of New Orleans dessert plate included a mini pecan pie, bread pudding and banana cream pie. All three were amazing and satisfied my sweet tooth.I definitely recommend Emeril's for happy hour if you're at the MGM.
2	My husband and I went in for lunch yesterday, New Year's Eve. I would like to say that the reason I'm scoring this restaurant so low was just because of the hectic and very unorganized service. Could be attributed to the preparation for their party in the evening. But the food was also just very poor. After waiting forty minutes, we started with oysters which were not prepared correctly and the wedge salad, which lacked flavor entirely. I then had the BBQ shrimp which were overcooked and came with nothing else but a tiny, silver dollar size hard biscuit. My husband had the crusted tuna/ahi sand witch. The fish was awful, mushy, cut incorrectly and lacked flavor. Even if the service had been better, I still would not recommend this restaurant and won't be eating here again. Big disappointment.
1	I am so sorry to write this. I always visit this restaurant when I go to Las Vegas but cannot anymore. I went a few months ago and did not have the fun/culinary experience that I usually have. The waiter seemed stressed and hurried. The food was another story: The steak was tough and chewy - I couldn't eat it and when he saw that I didn't eat it - he didn't offer to get me something else? So I didn't push it. I just wanted to leave. Another dish that we ordered tasted funny and the presentation was all over the place (all four of us voted on this) and there you have it - we couldn't get out of there fast enough. This used to be my favorite place to go and experience such amazing food and presentation. I know that if Emeril was at this restaurant-none of these things would have happened. So sad I have to say goodbye to one of my Las Vegas traditions.
2	This was our big Date Night.  Total bill $150+ with tip.  Service Excellent.  My dinner was okay I got the $55 grand prix - Salmon Dinner-  Bread hot and delicious, Mushroom orzo- okay a little bland if you did not eat the garlic croutons.Salmon cooked perfectly, Apple dessert a little bland.  My husband had the grilled plank steak,  his romaine salad, good, Steak- Tough- Disappointing, Topping on steak not so good.  So much money for a marginal meal.  We had been there five years ago and loved the steaks served on a much larger plank.  Again best waiter ever so we did not send the steak back plus it takes so long to get a different dinner.
2	Decor and atmosphere was awesome - great environment. Barbecue shrimp: tasty pop of flavor, 5 on a plate. Good starter.Fishermen's stew: this just tasted off. It was too sweet and too bland. Felt like someone forgot the salt. Tiny portions (which was good in this case).Desserts: bread pudding was pretty good. The consistency and flavor is what you would expect. Colleagues got the chocolate cake (meh) and banana cream pie (he said it was great). Overall not impressed, won't be back.
4	Came here for a quick lunch before leaving Vegas and it was perfect. The lunch menu was less expensive than the dinner one. We shared the gumbo and the jambalaya (since almost everyone else in the restaurant was eating this). Both were very good, but tasted kind of similar. They also came out almost immediately so maybe there is a large pot in the back. It honestly worked out very well for us since we were on a time crunch. I would recommend getting the gumbo over the jambalaya since it is about half the price and almost the same thing (the gumbo is more of a soup poured over a bed of rice while the jambalaya was like a paella).
3	We came here with extremely high expectations. At roughly $75 a per to eat, it should be incredible, right? The service, was. Great servers and support staff. Having been to New Orleans many times and throughout the South for Cajun an Southern food the food fell short of our "best we've ever had expectations. Honestly, this was one notch up from the Cheesecake Factory, not alongside Brennan's, etc. And, at $200 for three people (our bill) it needs to be better. If the bill was $125 I would have given in a 5-star. But, if you are going to charge a premium, we better leave telling stories about how good it was. And, again, the food was darn good, just not best we've ever had. Not even close, in fact. The three of us travel more than often for work and have eat much, much better, for far, far less. The apps, were pretty good. The Cajun BBQ Shrimp was tasty and the sauce it came in was good. The calamari wasn't tender, wasn't greasy and we demolished it. In fact, both were fairly priced. Two of us went with the Pecan crusted redfish, which was well done. Is it the best redfish I've ever had? Not even close, but it was good and the fixings came in strong, too. I've had much better redfish (for half the price) on the Gulf Coast, however, but we also need to take into account that this is Vegas and it costs a bundle for rent here. Still, the flavor could have been a notch higher. I personally didn't eat the pork chops. A friend did. He was thrilled with the portions and flavor, but mentioned it was a 3.5 not a 5. (And, he's had that dish at similar priced spots across the US. The biggest letdown came with dessert. I ordered the pecan pie, which I'm a huge fan of and the pecan pie I've had at Pappadaux (a lower priced chain) blew this away. The crust was great, but the pie tasted like it was just thawed.
3	I was not impressed by this restaurant.  First the service, the concept is strange and leads to errors.  You are waited on by three people.  Sounds great but it's not. We were seated quickly. However, all three waiters forgot to bring a drink menu.  I had to ask several times. By the time I got the wine list, our dinner was served along with our appetizers. Terrible timing. One of the waiters responded to my surprise at the timing by saying... Well it's better to get food early than late.  I thought that the response was rude and seems to indicate an issue with dinner timing.  We had gotten a 25% off dinner coupon so I felt like we were being rushed and/or not getting their best service.  Now, the food. We got their house specialty-the salmon. It was cooked well but the dish was mediocre. If I'm paying almost 40 for a dish, I want it to be something I can't make at home. My husband got the pork chop. He thought it was good, but also not special. For the price I was very surprised at the average dishes although the portion size was good.  The restaurant was very well designed, but I was disappointed with our experience and will not go back or recommend this place.
3	Feed your inner fat kid here.If you want to eat clean or eat in moderation don't come here. The shrimp poppers are delicious, so are the fries. The catfish po'boy could use more flavor, but the other elements of the sandwich compensate. The rum punch is deceptively strong. By the time lunch was over, all I wanted to do was take a fat kid nap. It's not New Orleans,  but it's not bad.
2	Disappointed. Stopped in here for happy hour, since I love Emeril...and they featured pims cup on their happy hour special. My favorite New Orleans memory. Bartender had no personality, and told me they're out of pims cups. (Hard to believe, I think he was just being lazy) When we went to order special, they were out of that too. This is all fine, but we got no apology, and barely a smile. What we did order, so good! They just lacked customer service.
2	Let me start by saying the food was really good when it finally arrived so this poor rating is primarily due to the service received.I met a date for dinner here on a Friday night before  a Pink concert I was attending at MGM. They ended up seating him before I arrived . Once I got there the hostess took me right to the table. Once seated we did some chit chat for a good 5 minutes before the waitress even approached. Once she finally arrived she simple said " Are we ready to order?" She didn't introduce herself or even say hello to me , she did not ask what I wanted to drink, my date actually had to ask that question. Since I found this behavior quite off putting I just stuck with water . I ended up also ordering a appetizer for my meal since I wasn't all that hungry plus she was just rude . Since she never introduced herself and I didn't pay or have access to the check I don't have her name but she's a older lady with short blonde hair.My date ended up ordering the pre frix tasting menu meal. He did require a bit of a tweak as he doesn't care for bananas and the waitress stated she could have them substitute the dessert, problem is she forgot about talking to them so we ended up waiting over 20minutes for the dessert after our meal. Which only happened because I questioned her about where it was and then afterwards my date decided to double checked if she remembered to have it changed. She of course did not! So that worked out well for me because I was able to get the banana bread dessert and it was Free! Which is why I gave two stars instead of one because to me rude and terrible service at a place that costs more then $50 a person at least deserves kindness even with mistakes. Like I said the food was really good but the service was slow and really lacking . Had I of been with someone I knew better id of escalated the matter but I just tried to make the best of a bad situation. Sad thing is if she would've said hello and at least pretended to be happy to see me I would've ordered a cocktail and a lot more food. If you want to try Emerils food and are prepared for the fact it may be slow or poor service it's worth checking out! The food was delicious just have your pocketbooks open and lots of patience !
3	Just wanted to update my rating because Shaun the GM was very ATTENTIVE to my concerns and contacted me right away about my review. He wanted to get to the bottom of exactly what went wrong and even offered to follow up with me at later date once he discovered where the disconnect was the night I was at the restaurant. To me since the food was great and my concerns were appreciated and customer feedback seems to be valued I decided to add a extra star! I can't wait to be able to update with my experience once I make my way back to try the giant lobster that the person next to us was having!
4	My BFFs and I had a reservation for dinner here - girls' night out - and it was really, very good.  The menu was interesting (I chose the pecan crusted redfish) and the dishes were cooked to perfection.  The bar menu was somewhat limited so, after being reassured that they had a full bar, we ordered something off menu and they delivered a delicious cocktail - I didn't see their bartender but they clearly know what they're doing.  The service was really, really good - both the lead and his assistant were attentive and responsive - great service, overall.  The combo of the food, drink, service topped off with an over-the-top banana cream pie made it a great experience and evening.
3	We were a group of 6 and all ordered different dishes.  I have been to many of the other Emeril's restaurants and always enjoyed the typical Emeril's fare.  This one was no different and the bbq shrimp, gumbo, calamari, gratin and seafood stew did not disappoint. I gave it 3 stars this time for 2 specific reasons - the service was slow and seemed disinterested, maybe because we did not order any wine? More important, we ordered the bread pudding which we all like and consider this as Emeril's signature dessert. What was served was anything but. Dont know if they ran out or it was half baked, what we got was soggy and pasty -no where near what we have had before. No clear explanation provided, not that it mattered. Disappointed in this respect.
5	Soo good the macaroni and cheese omg, cant wait to go back again... Key lime sorbet ill definitely pass next time
4	Lessaiz Les Bon Temps Rouler in Viva Las Vegas,Came here for dinner with the BFF's to celebrate all of our belated birthday's. I've actually dined at several of Emeril's establishment and have been here twice before.  Each time I enjoyed a very good meal here.  We started off with drinks and shared 2 different salads which were very good.Pork chop was my entree http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emerils-new-orleans-fish-house-las-vegas?select=vyhbO6tDYlzAyZbCygzTkw#LC_f_i6ryK2FE9A0o1iX_A  This sounded really good and it was very good.   A nice double cut pork chop atop a very creamy and flavorful mashed potato. The sauce that accompanied the chops was perfect I wanted more of it.  It was a pretty big piece of pork chop.Banana cream pie http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emerils-new-orleans-fish-house-las-vegas?select=vyhbO6tDYlzAyZbCygzTkw#JmSeIq-NF3TojwbkY71V9A  For dessert it is a must for me to get the Banana cream pie.  I first had it at Delmonico's in New Orleans and ever since the first bite many many years ago, if its on the menu at any Emerils resto I'm ordering it.  As you can see it not just all custard but it has slices of fresh banana's and the custard is firmer.  Its just tasty bite after bite!  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/emerils-new-orleans-fish-house-las-vegas?select=vyhbO6tDYlzAyZbCygzTkw#4j2ZIrDR8_5Jkwid9ahUqAEyes ~ Lots of happy diners!Nose ~ I smell something yummy.Ear ~ Plenty of chatter but not too loud Mouth ~ Pork chops and Banana cream pie goodness!.Tummy ~ So very stuffed!
5	Hey single ladies, I know you like to partyGirl come and kick it with meCalling all single ladies here tonightLet's get it started, whoa, let's get it started, whoa at...EMERIL'S FISH HOUSE! - Remady (single ladies)After watching KA, you gotta be savvy about where to eat, especially with the influx of people coming from the show. Unfortunately, both our phones were out of batteries so I chose a place that wasn't super packed but was also a new experience, and it turned out better than I could've hoped for! I guess it was just a coincidence that Emeril was one of the main judges for the most recent Top Chef season...in New Orleans...First thing I noticed while walking past the bar towards our table was a trio of cheesecakes that I knew I had to order at the end. Since I'm not familiar with creole cuisine, we skipped the regular appetizers on the menu and went straight to the New Orleans appetizers. The bbq shrimp was good, and what made it special for me were the biscuits since it made it a genuine creole experience. The baked oysters were so tasty with tiny hints of bacon in them. A memorable start so far.Seeing as how this is ultimately a seafood restaurant, we shared the baked lobster and the barbeque salmon. First of all, the amount of lobster is not a joke. It's substantial and really really good. The balance between the flavors and heartiness of the lobster and the bbq salmon were wonderful. The salmon brought a lighter feel to the meal and had no complaints with the andouille sausage it was paired with. If you love lobster, you will not be disappointed here. We sat next to a couple and the gentleman was celebrating his 60th bday coinciding with valentines day weekend and we shared a delightful dessert conversation. Even though we were stuffed, I couldn't resist and had to order the trio of cheesecakes...if I remember correctly, one was normal and there was a chocolate one and a caramel one or something. Yay for cheesecakes! With all this being said, I look forward to more New Orleans inspired dishes in the future.
3	I went here for lunch on Tuesday. A friend and I ordered the hamburger which was very greasy.  I had bacon on mine which tasted like a salt block.  Very disappointIng.  We had a dinner here the following night. I wanted the Atlantic Salmon and a friend the ribs. When the waiter came he told us they were out of salmon and ribs.  How disappointing. I finally found something to order which was good. Come dessert time I asked for key lime pie which I was informed they didn't have. However,  the waiter said he'd put in a request to see if they could make one and they did! I giving Emeril's 3 stars only because the wait staff went above and beyond to get me some key lime pie.
4	Service was great and so was the food:) felt it was a little bit pricey but overall we had a good time with no complaints and there were 10 of us. The stuffed trout was delicious and the best bread pudding I've ever eaten!!!
2	Skip it.Worse meal of our trip, in both food and service, a true disappointment as Emeril is one of our favorite Chef!  No comparison to Robuchen's or Rick Moonen's RM seafood or even Shibuya or Wolfgang's.  I had better food at the fish and chip stand in NYNY.The crab trio tasting was less than memorable.  The king crab was ok, the rest meh.The oysters had so many loose shell shards in them, and they didn't give us any utensil to serve the condiments.We are from boston, so maybe we are a little spoiled by proper lobster bisque.  But what we got was salty and less than tasteful.  It was made edible only after we asked for some cream fraiche.The only thing that was somewhat decent was the grilled whole fish wife got, even if it was a bit overcooked.  My own entree was so unmemorable, I can't even remember what I had now.Oh definitely skip the Creme Brulee or rather egg custard, we left ours after one spoon.The service was terrible, from the hostesses to the waiter, felt like we were in a road side diner (actually that maybe an insult to some of the diners we had visited that had awesome and attentive service).  Amateur night is how I would describe it.We had ordered a bottle of sparkling, which the server took away and did not bother to return and refill until end of our meal.We had a show to rush to and when the waiter came to drop off the bill we even discussed it and he watched me put my card on the table.  But instead of picking it up, he turned around and left.  Ahmmm, really? Truly a disappointment...
5	Happy Hour starts at 2, 7 days a week. I came and had the duck wings, pork slider and the trio of desserts. The duck wings and sliders were delicious! I've had duck before but never duck wings and they were nicely seasoned and drizzled with a sweet, honey based sauce.  The sliders had an ample amount of meat and piled on a toasted bun-very nice. The only thing I didn't thoroughly enjoy was the desserts. I loved the texture of the bread pudding but I thought it could be slightly sweeter and although the fillings were delish, the crusts of the pies were way too thick.Would I come again? Hell yes!
2	Emeril's Restaurant is Varsity, Emeril's Fish House is Junior Varsity at the school for the blind.  This place seems like a throw away restaurant that has Emeril's name on it.  I hope Emeril just received some cash for putting his name on the restaurant.  It isn't horrible, but it is not good either.  First, it is extremely loud.  I am talking Motley Crue Concert loud.Second, the waitors act like it is a Five Star establishment. "Emeril personally created these dishes and each is meticulously made with blah blah blah."  Ok...cool...so why do my fried calamari taste like fried rubber bands?Third, they have an extensive wine list...sorta.  Who would want wine anyway when you are eating food that is comparable to Red Lobster?  "Should I have a white wine with my frozen fried shrimp" *pinky in the air.We had a trip and part of that trip involved a concert...we were early and decided to eat.  This was the place we visited because it was an Emeril establishment.  This is one of the worst restaurants I have visited in Vegas.  Do not fall for the tourist trap.  I need to make a Las Vegas Tourist Trap list so everybody will be wiser.  I despise places like this because they take advantage of tourists by flashing a famous chef name and hoping you take the bait.  Well, I took the bait and now I am stuffed on the wall with an inscription that reads "Tourist Trap Dope."
4	Took my father here for his birthday and to participate in restaurant week. Six dollars of each meal was donated to Three Square. The three course meal was delicious, pops was quite please with his meal, and they even remembered it was his birthday from making the reservation and put a candle in his dessert. Awesome food and ambiance. I'm a fan.
5	Appetizer: Chicken, Shrimp, & Andouille GumboEntree: Rogers Farm Brick Chicken (very juicy and most, maybe they added whiskey to the sauce?)Dessert: New Orleans Style Pecan Pie (very buttery, but you know Emeril doesn't hold back on the butter!)All items were very good.  The waiter very hospitable and humorous, it was worth the money.Emeril's is not cheap, but you get what you pay for these days...
4	The food and service were top notch.  We were held captive at the MGM for a conference, and lunch here (twice) was a welcome break.  Both times, I was treating clients, and both times, the waitstaff was excellent, and the food was as wonderful as you'd expect from Emeril's.  I am NOT a fish eater, and I loved my burger!   Good call.
5	I have to start off by saying that I am originally from NO. I have never eaten in the main dining room at this place. We always go for the private chef's table. It was our 34th wedding anniversary and could not have had a better experience.Our chef, Chef James Richards was absolutely phenomenal! What an absolute pleasure to have him prepare his dishes for us. It was a true honor to eat his food. You can tell from the whole experience, that this guy loves his job and is extremely talented. Emeril, you better find a way to hold on to this guy, because he is going to do great things. Chef James, if you ever leave there, please let us know, we will follow.
1	The food was below average across the board.  The service matched the food.
3	First of all, loosen the wallet because entrees are costly here.  We began with Louisiana Style Shrimp Etouffee green onion rice, andouille pork sausage, clam chowder soup and blue shrimp something.  None of them were anything to write home about. The gumbo didn't have much of a real gumbo taste.  I would give them all a soft 3 stars. For entrees, we ordered the seafood stew and the special halibut, angel hair pasta with crab meat a side order of hickory smoked bacon Mac and cheese dish. Both entrees were just ok, again a soft 3.  The halibut was very dry and just doesn't qualify as a dish that Mr. Legassie would enjoy himself. The stew was pretty bland too with only one shrimp in it. The taste just wasn't there. The Mac and cheese deserves four.   All in all, this place is disappointing. I was expecting more from good ole Emiril.   Service was excellent ! See pics
2	We had a big work dinner at the MGM Grand location on a random Tuesday night.   It was a relatively big group and I realize that the restaurant is NOT designed for such groups.  However, everything was sub-par.  The salad was ok - apple/walnut with lettuce - too much dressing and not enough flavor.  The app was really salty - shrimp with some sort of creole sauce BUT the worst part was the awful biscuit - hard and dry.  The main was salmon for me with andouille sauage.  The sausage was AWESOME but that salmon was dry and not good.  My colleagues had the steak and the restaurant over cooked most of them - well done steak should NOT be served esp for a fancy work event.  Lastly, the dessert - bread pudding.  It was not good - tasted like oatmeal with cinnamon sprinkles.  Overall, I was disappointed and would NOT go back there again.
4	Had dinner here last week to celebrate our last night in vegas. We came here before going to see Cirque show KA, so we had early reservations for 5 pm. The restaurant was not very full but the atmosphere was fun and the huge wine racks were fun to look at. I started with the green tea fizz cocktail and it was so light and refreshing, although it was a little bitter. Between the five of us we tried a lot of different things. I had the barbecue salmon and it was absolutely my favorite meal of the night. The salmon was cooked perfectly and was probably the best I've ever had. It paired great with the potatoes and sausage. The calamari was also top notch, you could tell his fresh it was because the finished product was so light and fluffy! The shrimp and grits meal was also good! The guys ordered the fishermans stew, they liked it but we're disappointed by the size. It wasn't worth the price so I would skip that meal. All in all it was a great experience!Another notable factor, our waiter Rocco! He was outstanding and very personable!
4	Good food and a very friendly staff. Reservations were easy and food was delicious. It took a little while to get our check, but other than that it was a great experience.
5	Emeril's, you got it going on.  Great food, great ambiance.  Servers were polite and on-point.  The place was packed, but they never forgot about us.  I had the Alaskan King Snow Crab legs.  They gave me more cuz it was the end of the night and I was filled up.  The crab legs were fresh and sweet.  so so good.  I had some other items, but I cant remember..Blame it on the Alcohol.  All items were good.  Looking forward to my next visit..
4	Review for Happy HourTook me forever to find this place. Just caught happy hour with 18 minutes left. I maximized. Sat at the bar. Tenders were friendly. Had a couple of HH drinks, their mojito and margarita. Good stuff.Got a couple of raw oysters. Not sure what I was thinking--should have ordered more. Very tasty.Got the fried oysters also. What in the world? These guys were mutant sized, like the size of my hand and almost an inch thick in some places. So good though! Get this!Also got the HH crab cakes. Not too impressed. Don't bother with this. I think it was the blue crab cakes. Tiny. Decent taste, obviously not lump crab so stick with the oysters.Didn't have room or time for anything else. I had dinner to go to like in an hour. Vegas baby.
5	We requested a quieter table and were seated in a quiet corner. We had the Caesar salad, Emeril's Barbecued Atlantic Salmon, Cedar Camp Fire Plank Steak and Emeril's Banana Cream Pie. Everything was wonderful from the excellent service to the mouth-watering food. The steak melted in your mouth and was perfectly cooked. Emeril's Banana Cream Pie was filled with big chunks of bananas and wasn't overly sweet but it was huge! Overall, a wonderful dining experience!
3	Emeril's Fish House is located along the concourse to the MGM Garden Arena.  The place is upscale and includes a full service bar with some bar seating as well.Service was outstanding here as there was a VIP in our party and the manager came over to say hello etc.We ordered the BBQ Salmon and Whitefish along with some Filet Mignon Medallions as an appetizer.  (the medallions are not on the menu)  The filet medallions were served with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  Although tasty I felt the medallions were overcooked as they were definately not melt in your mouth.The salmon was delicious cooked perfectly but  was served with some onion strings that had lost all sense of crispy/crunchy goodness therefore they became a liability on the plate.The whitefish was so mild, I found it hard to find any flavor in it.  Don't order the whitefish if you are hoping for Emeril's BAAM flavoring.Everything was good here, but again the pricing is a wee bit on the high side.  I believe my salmon was $36 and came with no sides.  If you want to try one of Emeril's places I would suggest the Delmonico Steakhouse or perhaps Fish House at lunch time as I have seen a lot of favorable reviews for their lunch service.
4	Happy hour is cheap and good.  The olive and goat cheese was just what we were looking for to start our evening.
4	Service was great. I'll give it 5 stars Gumbo really salty didn't like it at all, but my husband had a stake that was great nice and juicy.
3	I started my meal with the crab cake appetizer. Without a doubt the highlight of the night and some of the best crab cakes I've ever had. It was tender, falling apart with the lightest pressure, and the meat was just delicious. My main course was the BBQ salmon. The BBQ sauce was also top notch. The salmon itself was good, though just a *tad* overcooked, in that it was merely good instead of melt-in-your-mouth delicious. All in all, it was a worthy follow-up to an incredible appetizer.Now we get to the downsides: I went with Bananas Foster for dessert. The sauce was cold, the banana chunks far too small, and the whole twist on a classic New Orleans dessert just seemed to miss the mark. Disappointing. Our server was also... how shall I put it... obsequious. Rather than waiting for lulls in the conversation, he attempted to talk over several in our party, which resulted in him having to repeat the options multiple times. He went into ridiculous detail about how the wines tasted, but it seemed recited from memory rather than personal experience. Three times we ordered wines only to have him come back and inform us that they were all out. I asked if they had any lambic beers and was informed they did not; upon reviewing the beer list I promptly found Lindeman's Framboise. There were too many rookie moves, like serving some in our party with the wrong hand (if you're serving someone on their right, you need to use your right hand so that your elbow isn't in their space).My 3 star rating is admittedly grading on a curve. For a restaurant like this I have pretty high expectations, particularly about the service. Would I come back again? Absolutely, if only for the crab cakes. Could it have been better? Yes.
2	While walking through the MGM to the strip, my friend and I stopped in for a quick lunch. We had the clam chowder and gumbo. Both were lukewarm and bland, the bowl was hotter then the soup inside. Also the price was a bit expensive for both, but it is Vegas, so we overlooked that. The best thing? The pretzel roll and sourdough cheese roll, yum! :) They get an extra star for that alone.
3	Just came here and ordered a caesars salad. It was a snack between meals. It was dressed nicely but slightly overseasoned. Nice casual place.
4	This place just missed getting a 5 star review from me - and I'm taking off a star because they dropped the ball a couple of times and I would be willing to return, as the food is pretty good and I'd like to try some other items on the menu.  Starting with drinks, we had one of the fru-fru- cocktails that are handmade from special ingredients, not your run of the mill items, so did it cost a lot - heck yes, but you're on vacation and if you want a fun night out, go ahead and order the Blackbeard Special - it's quite the daiquiri.We ordered from the Prix Frix menu - as we had tickets to see Cher that night and needed to get to the big MGM stadium in time for the show.The menu included your choice of many items...I chose the Little Gem Lettuce Caesar salad - just enough of the salad to leave you wanting for me - perfectly made and with a tasty dressing that was very memorable.Second I had the Sweet Corn Bisque - please order this - you won't be sorry...they do it all fancy table side with fresh ingredients and poured hot soup directly onto those fresh items for a lick the bowl clean soup that makes you wish you could order a crockpot full of this stuff.Then the trouble started...5 minutes, 10 minutes go by and no main course - I ordered the Broiled Halibut, so I know it isn't being blackened or something else that has to be cooked for a long time....finally the Maitre 'D shows up and apologizes for the long wait, saying our entrees took a little longer than expected...another 5 minutes, 10 minutes and finally they show up...waiting that long - you're already disappointed...could be the best fish I ever ate, but waiting that long really was irritating...even with a cute Maitre 'D, have to take off a star - this is an expensive restaurant $65 for the Prix Frix, so come on guys, get with it...you have an army of service people....some dropped the ball on this part.Okay fish was pretty tasty, so I'll give you that...now we're getting to have to worry about our dessert as the wait time was so long for the entree, we may not have time to enjoy...I ordered the Huckleberry cobbler - guess what?  They're out of it on a busy 3 Day Holiday weekend - Wah Wah....Thought about taking ANOTHER star off, but they bounced back and brought us the entire selection of desserts out fit for an army, and they were all great, especially the chocolate cake (even though Emeril is famous for the Banana Cream Pie - we got that too) - the cake - wow - we couldn't eat it all obviously - so they packed it up for us and we took it into the MGM arena...So overview - great spot - bring money - if we go back and we have bad service - I'm taking them down a couple of stars - You have been warned Emeril - BAM!
4	This is just for happy hour:Great if you like oysters!The fried stuff all taste the same, but are good.Surprise joy: the olive/cracker appetizer that my friend ordered.We didn't drink, but ran there to have raw oysters.
2	Need more outlets to charge phones. Servers at bar not very accomodating or friendly. Food was just okay. Likely to never return since there are more options in Sin City.
2	Somewhat disappointing, especially when you've gone to the mothership at least once every year for the past decade. Stood to get seated for advance reservation for almost 20 minutes while others walked right in. Ordered $65 per person price fixed menu. Second course, mushrooms on toast, got lost in kitchen resulting in a lengthy delay and the obligatory apology. Main course choice of pan roast was two skimpy 1x4 inch chunks of fish and two shrimp. Almost thought I was eating at a French restaurant. Signature Banana cream pie was not like Nawlins. Lacking was texture of the filling, crust firmness, flavor, adequate carmel saucing and the shaved chocolate chunks (crumbled chocolate was substituted). While suits abound throughout the service side, the kitchen staff has definitely stepped it down a notch or two. Or perhaps Emerill has shifted his focus to his other three Las Vegas outlets at the Venetian.
5	What can I say?  We came with a party of 6 and we ALL loved everything.  Service was top notch.  Our waitress was wonderful, friendly and knowledgeable.  We had 3 kinds of wine and different mixed drinks. All came out quickly and tasted great. 3 of our party had the tasting menu. (I can't recall if it was 4 or 5 courses) Timing was great. Complimentary bread, salads and appetizers rolled out right on time and entrees directly after.(pretzel rolls were my favorite!)  We didn't have to rush thru anything to get to our entrees or wait for our entree. It was impeccable timing! Mushroom toast and bbq shrimp were both great. We had Caesar and apple salads with crunchy sweet toasted nuts..everything was so delicious we were all just passing around and sampling off each others plates. I had the fisherman's stew...DELISH! Light, fragrant broth, perfectly cooked shrimp and shellfish and flaky fish! We had 3 ribeyes, all cooked differently and all to perfection!  This is rare! The pork chop was charred on the outside and juicy and tender on the inside. The butterfish was perfection! We sent an additional tip back to the cooks to show our appreciation and how thrilled we were with everything!   Entire time our waitress was attentive and on top of things but never bothersome... Then came desserts (yum) I believe we tried everything they had except the beignets. My favorite was the bread pudding by far! I will be recommending this place to anyone who makes makes the trip to Vegas for sure and I know my family will as well! Great job to the whole staff and Emeril Emeril and mgm! This is an outstanding restaurant!
2	The Butter Fish was font fresh catchAnd they wanted $35 for a thawed taste less no flavor fish. I couldn't finish it and Left hungry!
4	A great dining experience before the show.The waiter was terrific, made us feel at home and well taken care of. We found the ambiance was comfortable, not stuffy at all.We ordered a nice kale salad. Following by the BBQ salmon and surf and turf.The salmon dish was quite unique, the BBQ sauce didn't completely jive.The waiters surprised us with a fresh apple sorbet. We topped it out with some spiked coffees/lattes. What a nice way to start the evening!
2	I stopped in here for a nice dinner with my husband on our honeymoon. It was a very slow Tuesday early evening and despite the ample open tables (and the fact that we were nearly run over by the throngs of shirtless kids coming from the nearby hotel pool), the hostess acted very snobby and put out that we didn't have reservations. After we were sat, no one came by with menus for several awkward minutes. Service overall was incredibly slow- especially considering how empty the restaurant was. Our server was very friendly and likable though (when we saw him). The food was just ok. My husband loved his crawfish special but the restaurant was not very accommodating to my gluten free diet and several of my shrimp were not deveined (yuck!) Overall it was meh. I wouldn't return considering the snooty atmosphere and less than stellar service. For the price, this was definitely not worth it.
2	Quite a disappointment. Service was very polite and friendly, but the kitchen was painfully slow. 3 different kinds of oysters but our waiter couldn't tell us the difference between them. The frog legs were tasty but very oily. The crawfish and trout was really salty. My boyfriend got the ribeye fillet and couldn't finish more than a few bites because the reduction was way too rich and pungent. Best part were the pretzel rolls, wasn't worth a $140 bill
2	Ugh if this review was based on the food alone it would be at least 4 stars! Everything was cooked to perfection. Only complaint food-wise was portion size and the strawberry sorbet (for the anniversary with the boyfriend)tasted like it was ice with a nasty and thick strawberry syrup. I'm sure it was house-made like they said, just not my taste. Ok so what really was the issue??I made a reservation for 8:15. We are staying at the MGM grand and saw that this restaurant was in our price point and thought the food and service would be excellent based on the name attached to the restaurant. Wrong. We were seated promptly for a slow Tuesday night. After that moment, service was slow/non-existent. As someone who works in both the hotel and food service industry I consider myself pretty understanding when it comes to mishaps or slow service based on uncontrollable circumstances. This time, I couldn't see a single one. The restaurant was over-staffed. I was given THREE possible waiters names that we could have had after a menu was dropped(10 minutes after we were seated)Quite honestly I wouldn't even know which one I had, he never introduced himself. We perused the menu for another 20-25 minutes which gave us plenty of time to pick an appetizer, read the lengthy wine list, entrees AND make selections on all of them. I am an incredibly indecisive person so I find it odd when I haven't been bothered at least twice before I finally make my decision on a meal. Boyfriend is a way more impatient person than I am. I tried to be understanding about the length of the wait for menus, water, drinks, appetizer, and entrees. But when my waiter doesn't even stop by the table in the middle of my waiting period to ensure my food was on it's way and a guesstimate of the time is alarming. Even the managers looked they had jacks**** to do. What ever happened to manager table-touching? I manage I know what's up! Also thank you for making me feel like I was 6 years old while taking my drink order! I understand I look young and need my ID  to order drinks.Safe to say we payed the bill as quickly as possible didn't question and badger boyfriend about tip size, because I was pissed too, and left. Wouldn't recommend until management gets their stuff together and re-trains their wait staff to be personable and attentive to the guests regardless the night and estimated age group. Good service should be consistent and I think the rest of the yelp community would agree with me!
1	I can't even come up with the right words to describe the special carelessness of this place.I was here for a special fixed-menu dinner with 16. Restaurant was told to have a vegetarian option in the 4 course menu it was creating for us. Course 4 was dessert. Course one was a generally un-spiced rice, corn, and arugula dish. Course 3 was mushroom risotto. Course 2, you ask? These people actually failed to provide a vegetarian option for that course. They left a patron at a prix fixe meal of their creation sitting at table without a plate for a full course. Rude? Tacky? Utterly lacking in service orientation?  I don't even have the words -- except: don't eat here.
5	Love this place! Especially the corn bread, I literally want to fly out to Vegas just for some warm cornbread and a glass of red wine here. I was craving the cornbread so much yesterday I googled a recipe, went shopping for the ingredients and attempted to make it, it was good, but not exactly what I wanted. I am going to be going back soon. I also had the Maine Lobster Bisque which was also delicious and cooked and flavored just right! Really recommend it!
3	I was really amped up to give this place a try being that it is owned by Emeril and I was a huge fan of his show! The restaurant is located in the MGM hotel and is beautifully decorated! My party arrived an hour early so we waited around to be seated. After a brief wait,  we were immediately seated and was offered a beverage while we browsed the menu. I ordered a shrimp and grits dish as well as sausage and shrimp jambalaya. The shrimps and grits were very tasteful and perfectly seasoned! The jambalaya was just ok! They initially brought out a basket full of bread and the bread was just ok. All in all they deserve 3 stars from me because wait time for my entree to actually make it the table but the awesomeness of the shrimps and grits compensated for the wait.
3	nice HH here. ends a little early, but, good options. we got some fried oysters, some of the raw oysters and a couple rounds. decent prices. fried oysters were very crunchy with the cornmeal batter. bar area was good sized. mama got champagne and i got beer. cool spot that we might check out next time.
4	I had a lot of fun coming to Emeril's restaurant while I stayed at the MGM! I will admit we just joined for the late happy hour, but they made excellent cocktails and it was so refreshing to grab a nice drink without spending 20 bucks a pop. I never tried the food but the gentlemen sitting next to me cleaned his plate, and his food looked great. Definitely check out the different times they have happy hour when you give this place a shot.
2	Slow, generally had to flag down waiter for attention. Pork chop was very thick and tough. Should have given me an electric carving knife. Expense keeps this review below medium.
4	I came here to eat last night with my family, as it was our final night in Las Vegas. Needless to say, we made the right choice.Though it was steady inside the restaurant, we were seated instantly. As we sat down at our table, the hostess set our linen cloths on our laps for us.. Cool! I thought that was awesome! Our waitress was very kind and attentive and she answered all our questions. She was also quite informative about all the small details such as ingredients and what tastes best, and most importantly, she was very knowledgeable on the menu. I did not catch her name, but she had layered, brown hair with side bangs. Terrific service!The basket of bread was to die for -- I ate probably around 5 rolls before my main dish. So, so, so good! I ordered the shrimp creole. It contained a plentiful amount of shrimp along with grits (amazing!!), beans, and a delicious tomato sauce. I loved what I ordered and savored every last bite.My brother and mom enjoyed their meals too. Sadly, the three of us were too stuffed to order dessert, as I'm sure Emeril's dessert menu is to die for. Had I gotten dessert, I most likely would have given this restaurant the full, five stars.We will be returning to this restaurant the next time we are in town.
4	Everything here is pricey. We wanted the lunch deal with the po boy sandwich, soup, and dessert but we had a 20% off meal ticket that prevented us from getting it.The salmon is excellent, very moist.The seafood pan roast has good flavor.The tuna sandwich was really good. I felt this one was most worth the price at $16.The kale salad was really good, but kinda pricey.Meal comes with sourdough bread and butter.Staff is extremely friendly and polite.
3	I had high expectations for this place, it fell short. The service was average. The food was good but not great. I don't think I'd return.
4	Ate lunch there with my daughter. Ordered the special of the day. Not disappointed. Service great and the food had just the right amount of heat.Would go again.
4	I've always been a fan of Emeril Lagasse & had wanted to dine here on other visits to Las Vegas for dinner and just wasn't able to. This time we ventured off our own hotel property to dine at Emeril's here at The MGM. We had a reservation for 500pm & were stuck in traffic on the strip and had to call and push back; not a problem; the staff was more than accommodating. If your coming from somewhere else, I highly recommend valet'ing your car; it's too far to walk from self parking and confusing. The MGM is also always packed and so large, it's a little hard to navigate. We arrived for dinner and were seated promptly. Again, I don't recommend not having a reservation. You can get a reservation from Open Table via the Yelp app; makes it super easy! We started by telling the waiter that someone in our party had less than an hour for dinner; the waiter suggested ordering quickly and was accommodating to his needs. The rest of us wanted to relish our dinner and enjoy the experience. We started with frog legs ( off the current prix fixe menu and priced separately) and andouille sausage gumbo. Loved the frog legs with house made ranch for dipping. You get 5 nice sized legs; fried just right and good to share. The gumbo was a bit salty, in my opinion; maybe because I was taught in the dirty south by a southern mama how to make it just right?! My water glass and lemon never went empty; just out of surgery this was a dry trip to Las Vegas. My fellow diners, however, had Cosmo Martinis and a southern beer called, TurboDog. Impressive wine list to couple the display of wines encased. I wish :) My next course was the filet and broccolini. It was cooked to perfection and spice rubbed with a blend of Emeril's pepper and various other Cajun type spices. There was a wine and mushroom reduction that went well with the meat and the smashers I ordered on the side; yummy mashed Yukon gold potatoes that easily served 3-4! My dining mates had the fish pan roast and crab cake; both were amazing ! The crab cake off the appetizer menu is very generous and not at all , typical . It was loaded with nice, fresh lump crab. Yummy. My boyfriend ordered the cornbread , which is literally a pan full! Afterwards, 3 of us split the $10 banana cream pie ; as if we were not full enough! It was a good 4 inches tall and so rich and delicious. The Fiori espresso is perfect to end with ... I was impressed by the staff and food ; the decor is getting dated for a place and Chef so amazing ; it's very late 90's and the dining music was very 'disco' ; if it's supposed to be a fine dining experience with the price tag to match ... Change up the music to match the class :)
3	Went to Emerils last night. Service was slow until Lawrence arrived. He was involved and provided spirited conversation. Had the double pork chop. Very tasty. However. Dessert, caught me off guard. Yelp had many pics of the banana cream pie. I mean this is banana, nice big chunks. Felt like I was eating a banana, seriously. I would think dessert was a guilty pleasure. This was fruit... Not trying to be over critical. But, I think I should feel guilty for eating dessert...
4	My husband and I were on a 10 day business trip and we ate here twice. We've eaten many places in Vegas and Emeril's service is second to none! The wait staff and managers are excellent (as well as the food). Try the Gluten free chocolate cake and the banana cream pie was to die for!!!! A must try in Vegas!!!
3	Because I know how to make gumbo and have had true Creole and Seafood gumbo, I am disappointed with the version offered here at the MGM. You could barely see the shrimp...hell any of the ingredients for that matter. The roux is tomato based and moderately seasoned. But for $10 what do you expect? Probably best sampled after a drunken stupor. Shame on you Emeril.
5	This place was great. We loved the atmosphere, food, and service. I had the double cut pork chop and it was superb. For dessert my friend and I shared the banana cream pie. It was massive -- definitely plan to split it. I would absolutely come back!
2	Our meal looked nothing like the pictures people have posted. The service was terrible and I wasn't impressed the the food. Definitely won't go back.
5	Emeril's was amazing.  I made our reservation here for our one year anniversary on OpenTable.  I made a couple notes about this in my reservation I requested two glasses of champagne at our table.When we arrived at the hostess she welcomed us and wished us a happy anniversary.  We were seated at a booth table which was very nice.  The waitstaff came with the two glasses of champagne and wished us a happy anniversary.  He was very kind and let us know that he was going to be working with a team to serve us for the night.  They served us complimentary salmon tar tar appetizers as another special note for our anniversary.  Emeril's did a tremendous job making us feel special and truly making the night a romantic one.  I selected Emeril's because it has a New Orleans influence.  I had the gumbo which was phenomenal.  The presentation is great as they bring out a bow with rice and a hot pot with the gumbo in it.  They pour the hot gumbo into your bowl right in front of your eyes.  Really nice.  I don't remember what the name of the seafood plate I had was but it was very good.  To finish of the night we go dessert and they presented it by again wishing us a happy anniversary.  It wasn't only that they kept the theme of the night but they truly cared about our night and seemed genuinely interested in our night.  Emeril's is a personal experience that has service that outdoes any other that I have ever had. Thanks Emeril's and I look forward to coming back when I am back in Vegas.
1	Two terrible Manhattan's in a row remade.  I wanted to like this place but the bartender chomping on gum and giving me a tasteless Manhattan, not acceptable.
1	We went there for lunch on our last day in Vegas. It was around 1pm and I would consider that "lunch hour" still. We went to the hostess to acquired a table for a party of 4 and we were told that they need a moment to set up the table. I peaked in the restaurant thinking, ok, there is a party leaving so that is where we are going to sit. About almost 10 minutes later, we are still standing there, I was still looking at that table, and it was still not cleaned up!! So I was telling my husband that they are SO slow in cleaning up....and setting up table..I will put it in my yelp review! The hostess must have heard me saying it because she came over and said, just 10 more minutes and your table will be ready. So approximately 10 min later, we were taken to the table that was further into the restaurant next to the bar and not the one that I was staring at...the first thing i think is, why on earth you need 20 min to set up a table that is already there??!!  So the first thing was, we sat down and was given the menu from our guy and told us the water will come shortly. Guess what. The water never came. About 5-10 min later, the guy appear to take our water. One of us told him that we never got our water so he apologized and got some. So we order two chicken po-boy combo with gumbo and clam chowder and the desserts were banana cream pie and bourbon bread pudding.The gumbo and chowder came pretty fast (that is about 10-15min after ordering). I didn't understand why would any one pour the hot gumbo into a cold plate right in front of us...the gumbo just became lukewarm and it is really a disappointment. So here comes the long long wait for our po-boy. We sat there for almost 45 minutes to a point where we were about to leave...We asked our guy about when the food is coming and he replied it will be soon. We also instructed that we would like the dessert to come at the same time because I really don't want to wait for another 30 min for a piece of dessert. So in between the waiting, I have observed something that is very interesting. So the bus boys bring the food to the kitchen and leave it on one of those "temporary station"!!! Then the waiters will then go and look at the food and try to figure out who is getting what! The end result is: everyone looks very confused!!! I really have never seen that...I don't think that would work well if it was a full night at all.After a while, the lo-boy finally arrived. I knew it was a combo so it would be smaller in size...but it was absolutely tasteless!!!! It was suppose to be some spiced up chicken!!!! There was barely any SALT on it AT all...that is the same on the fries. It was suppose to be "cajun" fries...and only the bottom ones have some kind of salt and cajun taste to it!! Totally disappointing!!! So we asked for the dessert to come at the same time right? It did not come!!!! But I did saw two banana pie sitting on that temporary station for the entire duration while we are eating our po-boy!! Finally, as we are finishing, I asked our guy politely about our dessert, then he went and fetch that banana pie that was sitting there and said, "oh, the kitchen brought two banana pie so you will have to wait for your bread pudding." I was a bit pissed by that point because you need 15 min or so to make a bread pudding??!! So finally we finished the po-boy and the bread pudding arrived. That is a part where I was a bit pissed. I understand he has got his both hand full, one with my dish and another dish in the other hand. He put down my pudding and told me....I will come back for the plate...let me say, the plate was big and the table was small. So I was sitting there crammed between the plates and waiting for him to remove it....I saw him walking back and forth at least twice behind me with EMPTY hands....man...COME ON!!! You could not have taken my empty plate and put it on your temporary station??? So my bourbon pudding.....where is the bourbon??!!! Totally again a huge disappointment!!! No taste at all! not even really sweet?!So in all, we spend over 2 hours here leaving with feelings of unsatisfied in service and food and I will NEVER recommend any ONE to dine here!!!
1	SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!!   Whatever you do, do not order the Seafood Pan Sear!! Although it was recommended by the waiter, it was the smallest, tasteless and most depressing looking plate I have ever seen in my life.  This was not just a small portion because you are at a fancy restaurant, it was just pathetic.  There were two little shrimps on about 4 table spoons of Jambalaya, which was okay at best.  From there it was topped with a little, flat, dry piece of fish.  If you do decide to go, the crab boil is about 18 times bigger than the pan sear for about $6 more.  And the NOLO Peach Iced Tea is amazing!
4	My boyfriend brought me for my birthday dinner since we stayed in the MGM, missed our reservation at CUT, and wanted to stay close for our already late dinner.  I wasn't to sure what to expect but I was overall satisfied with the food.  I ordered the sea port dish which was full of yummy flavor.  The various fishes were cooked well and the jambalaya style dish was well executed.  They also brought out a cream cheese wanton for my birthday and as desert a strawberry sorbet. Everything was tasty.  What I didn't like was the ambients of the restaurant.  It wasn't intimate enough for both our tastes.  The service and food was more than excellent just wish the set up was a little different.  Good choice if you're looking for seafood.
2	Went to lunch with some friends. Service was so lacking. After 1.5 hours of wait, we left.
5	Great bbq shrimp!
3	We ended fall restaurant week 2014 at Emerils. We did the Open table reservations once again and got email updates to confirm but never a phone call from restaurant to confirm. We arrived early which was not an issue for staff and were seated right away. I do have to say I was hoping for a more quiet setting it is open concept for most part with the bar at the front without a partition from dining area so crowd noise was sufficient enough to not allow an intimate conversation.First course. Started with a Seafood & Andouille pork sausage with shrimp and steamed rice. Jut what a Gumbo should be, thick and flavorful. The dish has that cajun bite that adds just enough kick but not to make you scream for a glass of water. Josie had the Tuscan Kale Salad with Raisin Vinaigrette, toasted Pecans and Queso Mahon Cheese. She stated kale was crisp and fresh vinaigrette had a good flavor no long aftertaste. Second course. Josie had the seared scallops with Bacon, corn summer vegetable succotash with a herb caper butter sauce. I had a bite of these and they were melt in your mouth good. perfectly cooked and the succotash was flavorful. I had Fisheman's stew. Littleneck Clams, Mussels and Shrimp. I was not impressed with the dish and was hoping for more sauce. Had a crustini for dipping but with the lack of sauce it seemed pointless. I know it is a stew but the overabundance of stewed tomatoes took away from the overall taste.Dessert. Bread and butter pudding and Banana Cream Pie. The bread pudding has this flavor you want, a buttery melt in your mouth without the mush taste that some bread puddings offer. Small Banana cream pie square with whipped topping, chocolate shavings and caramel sauce. Great ending dessert adding a touch of soft flavor after the spices we had in the meal itself.Overall a good dinner. Not sure if I will be back. They did offer a wine tasting for 20 dollars that sounded nice if we had the fortitude for that on this evening. 3 stars for tonight. Ambiance was not great and noise was loud. I know it is a prix fix menu but I have seen better efforts on restaurant week that would make me want to return and try a full menu pairing. Again I don't get the $4.50 a glass for a diet drink. Hope someone can tell me why this is a restaurant pricing standard in Vegas. Again my glass was never empty, bonus there. Staff was attentive and present when needed. Maybe I have high hopes for a restaurant put together by a star like Emeril. So 2 seafood places this restaurant week and RM Seafood would be the winner.
5	Everything was perfect!  The food is extraordinary and the service is attentive without being obtrusive. The double cut pork chop was a surprise (would have never thought of ordering it, but the table next to us had it and it was impressive). The Taste of New Orleans was a great desert to share and the perfect end to a perfect evening!
2	I selected this location because of its convenience inside of MGM, even though I saw the just OK review on yelp.  Maybe in my heart I expected more since it's a well known chefs restaurant.  I had the ALL AMERICAN ANGUS BURGER.  The bun was fantastic but the burger was overcooked.  I requested medium well, but received well done. Perhaps this was because this is a fish house, not a burger joint.  I guess I should have ordered fish!
4	We had pecan crusted red fish and Alaskan Char. Both were awesome and the service was attentive and knowledgeable. Nice wine list as well. If it were all about the food I would give this a five. Atmosphere however is part of the experience and unfortunately the experience will always include a memory of two types of music playing in the background clashing with each other from the casino. I wouldn't spend 150.00 again and endure that. Food was awesome though.
4	Delicious food, amazing service.
4	nice digs; we walked right in on a Monday eve.  The service was very good.  I started with a lettuce wedge.  The wedge was small unlike many lettuce wedge with a dill flavored blue cheese dressing.  The salad was good, not sure I'd order again.  I had the Gumbo as entree, it was spicy and superb.  I skipped desert.  Well done Emeril's.
3	This is a good fish restaurant. We had the butter fish and the red fish. The wines and wine service was well done and delicious. We followed up with the pecan pie, which was totally and wonderfully scrumptious. If you are a seafood devotee, you must try this eatery. Enjoy!
1	Service was slow, drinks expensive, and the quality of ingredients poor. They used cheap canned blue cheese olives. Oysters tasted funny. Go elsewhere.
5	Great happy hour to 6pm with some yummy appetizers and great drinks.  I had there mojito and margarita which were very good and fried shrimp, mussels and BBQ shrimp.  Great bartenders also
4	I remember coming here years and years back with my family to try out the legendary Emeril Laggase's Cuisine at his own restaurant here in Vegas. I still remember the pleasant experience and delicious entrees we ordered. I'd love to return back here and experience the place again after all these years and definitely update my review when I do so.
1	My family decided to check out Emeril's one night during our stay- what an awful decision. The restaurant was practically empty, yet we felt extremely rushed by the wait staff. I ordered a bourbon smash from the menu and the waiter said, "We don't have those." I kindly pointed out that it was on the menu and he told me, "Oh. Well, I'll see what I can do." The dinner arrived before the drinks.   My Dad's jambalaya was cold, my Mother's fish was undercooked and rubbery, not to mention they did not put her sauce on the side. The chicken that came with my salad was charred and dry. When the drinks finally arrived they were watered down. My bourbon smash was some odd colored mix of mint and lime juice. The quality of service, and food/drinks was absolutely unacceptable for the price. We'd have done much better if we had just eaten at the food court.
5	Amazing meal! Sat at the bar during happy hour. Couldn't be happy with the food and service.
2	Good was really disappointing.  Probably the worst shrimp po boy I have ever has.   This should be a staple for this chef.  Service was very good.  Won't be back for sure
5	All of our meals were delicious!  From the appetizers to the desserts, it was all amazing.  This place runs like a well oiled machine...they never missed a beat!
3	Two bartenders on a Saturday night? Zero service. Hope the food is better than sitting here waiting... Had octopus salad. There was barely any, but it was decent. Wedge was tiny, even for the small. Buddy had fish club, and it was good. Overall, I don't know who did staffing, but they were overwhelmed the entire time.
5	Eaten here twice and the food and service are consistently good. Their seafood salad is fantastic. The portions are filling unlike other restaurants in the area where you have to order 4 dishes to feel like you got a decent meal. They use the freshest ingredients and the soups are amazing. I will definitely be back to sample their dessert sampler.
3	Visited Sunday for brunch.  Nothing special, just no line for waiting.  Seemed like all new wait staff as servers were nervous and not very helpful.  Very frustrating.  No salmon, no catfish, no hush puppies...UGH. We both got the seafood salad with jambalaya and collards as sides.  I didn't recognize some of the seafood in the salad...they claimed it was from a lobster, but it wasn't a tail or claw or legs...hhhmmm...looked like intestines.   $4.50 for ice tea...UGH.  Very salty pretzel bread.  We won't be back.
4	Had the seared scallops with black-eyed pea succotash, bacon and creamed corn...it was delish!! A tad salty as you would expect from such a savory dish, but I would totally have it again. Service was great too....we alerted our server (we sat at the bar) that we were in a hurry to see a show, and he stayed on top of it.
5	Located in MGM Grand on the Famous Las Vegas Strip. This newly re-opened seafood restaurant is the latest in the Emeril's dynasty. this place is great, Here are the must tries: Alligator Balls (yes I said alligator balls) The Frog Legs sort of served buffalo style, BBQ Shrimp. Also everything from the raw bar is incredible. I should also mention the tropical mojito, usually not my thing (too sweet) but this thing was on fire. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	From what I'm reading, this must be one of those hit-or-miss places depending on who is working that night. In my experience, HIT all the way! First of all, the bacon and fontina macaroni and cheese was out of this world. Every bite was better than the one before it. For my entree, I ordered the All-American Angus burger (not exactly the most refined item on the menu, but I wanted to see how it tasted), and, as expected, was delicious. The fries it came with weren't very remarkable, but the sandwich... I'm the type of person to devour his food before his taste buds process its flavor, but I was doing everything in my power to make this meal last as long as possible. Also, our server that night was nothing short of incredible. Not only was he was polite, friendly and attentive, but he gave my girlfriend an employee discount on the check just because she works inside the MGM, and gave us a passion fruit sorbet to split because her birthday was 5 days before that night. If every other experience is like the one I had, I will DEFINITELY be back.
1	We ate at Emeril Lagasse's New Orlean's Fish House Saturday evening before the KA show at MGM, and it was the worse meal I've ever had in a casino yet.  I had been telling all my friends and family that the food in the casinos is always good, and now I'll have to stop saying that.  The fish club sandwich I got was literally soaked in oil; after one bite I couldn't even eat the bread which was soaked in oil.  Due to hunger I deconstructed the sandwich and ate the fish (monk fish I believe), lettuce, tomato, but still felt sick afterwards because everything in the sandwich was soaked in oil.  Next day still feeling sick and I'm just hoping it wasn't the trans-fat kind of oil that permeated everything in the sandwich and on the plate.  The only good part of the meal was the pretzel bread served hot out of the oven prior to the meal.
2	Pretty disappointed overall.  Service was good and it was nice looking, but the food was just so so.  Had the corn/lobster bisque which was good, but only two tiny pieces of lobster.  Then had the salmon and that was not good. Chewy and the potato hash it came with was soggy and overcooked. I forgot what my husband's dish was called but he did not enjoy any of it.  Came with mussels, two rubbery shrimp and "fish medallions" he couldn't eat.  With so many options at MGM, I would try something else.
4	Ate at the bar. Solo diner the Bartender was very polite and on point. Recommended great wine paring.Had the gumbo nice heat. Just enough of a portion to enjoy my entree.Had the rockfishneither with a pecan crust.Dessert Hux. Cobbler( biscuits need work) but delicious Ice cream!
4	I had time to kill and a hankering for a po' boy so I walked down to Emeril's at the MGM. Glad I did. The shrimp po' boy was fantastic, overflowing with shrimp. Also had an Abita Andygator to round off my Cajun lunch. Service at the bar was great. I saw several bowls of the gumbo come out and it looked yummy. Next time.
2	Went to Emerils for 1st time this week. Ok. Nothing special. Some steakhouses have better seafood. Suggestions got from hostess bombed. That can happen just shows that staff may need some training. Our large group had almost same feeling that it was Ok but not up to overall standards of other Vegas establishment. Michael Mina's pub is 50 feet away - much better. Trattoria is 50 feet the other direction too. Decor is Ok. Somewhat diner like atmosphere yet prices are not diner like.
2	free bread was the best part of my mealclam chowder was blandtuna sandwich was very strange and not appealing although i ate all the tunamac and cheese was one of the worst i have ever had....almost as if they dumped a bottle of liquid smoke in my batch...yuckfor 114 i expected more
5	My boyfriend and two of me best friend's came her for Thanksgiving 2014/my pre-birthday celebration. The waiter brought us a pear and brie small appetizer, it was cute and tasty. My friends and I all ordered a seafood and rice dish, it had mussels, prawns, andouille sausage. It was great. My boyfriend had chicken, it was nice and moist. Overall, my food was great and I would come back.
1	I was a frequent diner at this location for the first few years it was open.  When it went way down hill, I stopped going... approximately 15 years ago... too many great restaurants popped up to give it another try.Recently I read a review claiming that it had been redecorated and a new great chef was in place... well we were going to be at the MGM so we stopped in for lunch.The redecoration consisted of removing the gate which makes you feel like you are dining on the walkway... kind of foodcourtish... failMy appetizer was the $24 crab cake.  It tasted OK, but they did not use lump crab.  It seemed like frozen Dungeness and was covered with some sort of cream sauce... fail.My wife's appetizer was the $18 sweet corn chowder with lobster.  They brought out a bowl with 2 tiny pieces of lobster (I guess to prove that there was any) and then drowned them in an overly sweet corn puree... failMy shrimp po'boy got sent back, as the shrimp were cold and the bread was rock hard... inedible... big fail.My wife had the prosciutto flat bread... overcooked and uninspired... fail.Service was also uninspired... pleasant enough, but my wife was never asked if she wanted a refill on her wine, we were never offered coffee or dessert.The high point of the meal was the fact that they offered Pride Viognier by the glass... in fact the only thing this restaurant has going for it is the wine program.I have had similar poor experiences at Emeril's Delmonico restaurant.  Here is yet another celebrity chef that needs to spend more time at his locations and less time on TV.
4	What a wonderful experiece we had here!  Loved the food - I had the Emeril's barbecue salmon with andoulle hash.  My husband had the grilled chicken.  Both dinners were awesome!  Loved the hot little pre-dinner pretzel rolls they served here.  We had 2 people waiting on us, and they could not have been nicer or more attentive.  The only downside was and EXTREMELY rude and loud table directly across from us.  Not the restaurant's fault of course, but it did make our experience a little less than perfect.  As far as the food goes, we will definitely be back.  The salmon was done perfectly - I asked for mine to be cooked on the drier side.  There was just enough barbecue sauce - not too overpowering.  Dessert was beignets with chcolate orange sauce - didnt like the dipping sauce, but that's just me.  Wonderful restaurant!
1	Horrible... I am only giving one star because of the sweet waitresses & macaroni was ok. The salmon barbecue sauce taste like ketchup, the pecan crusted fish on the bed of grits was ok , however the grits were HORRIBLE super grainy almost hard. I would not recommend eating here when in Las Vegas!
4	A great surprise!I wasn't exactly excited when my man told me his company holiday dinner was going to be here but I was very pleasantly surprised since I never had any desire to dine here. The private dining room is beautiful & overlooks the entire restaurant. The staff was incredible paying attention to every single one of our needs. From start to finish it was a very enjoyable experience. My drink of choice for the entire evening was a belvedere with 7 and a lime. The first course we had a Caesar (nothing special) and a kale salad with walnuts & a raisin vinaigrette (loved it). Next course was some alligator balls (wasn't into the texture) and BBQ shrimp with a warm mini biscuit (delicious). Next came out the main courses, I had the BBQ salmon which was really good & my man had a steak with rosemary mashed potatoes (amazing). Our last course which was dessert was my least favorite of the evening. The banana cream pie was ok, and my chocolate lava cake was paired with some cherry sauce & a scoop of peanut butter marscapone (weird combo) the cake itself was very good. My night ended with a cappuccino & overall we had a great time.
5	I started off with the bread it was a little hard but it was decent.  I then ordered  the fish house club sandwich. It was amazing U know a fish sandwich is good when it's not fishy. I could have easily mistaken it for a peace of chicken or even meat (it was that moist) will defiantly eat there again.
4	Popped in here briefly for happy hour during a recent visit to Vegas because they have $1.75 oysters from 4-6pm and 9-close every night. I was in Vegas for four nights and had oysters at four restaurants and these were definitely the best. They were the biggest and most flavorful, and also came with the best vinaigrette sauce - not to mention the best price in town. We had a couple dozen oysters and also tried the shrimp cocktail which was a big disappointment after the oyster victory. I'd definitely return just for the oysters and skip the shrimp next time.
1	It was the last minute and since we were able to squeeze a few places at the bar we sat down.  It being the middle of the Consumer Electronics Show all the restaurants were booked solid.  Finding a seat was a bad omen I should not have ignored.Start with the bread..two smallish round rolls...cold...hard (it being a dry climate in the Nevada) ..oh, did I mention how bad they tasted? ..that too.  one of the rolls was actually a pretzel...sounds like a trendy cool idea but they are dinner rolls...I did not think I was at a carnival (that is until I got my entree)I ordered the Kale salad...super sweet...and this is from a salad eater who loves it sweet...it was too sweet for me...only half finished.For my entree I ordered the seafood pasta...what  got was three mussels, four clams and a pile of spaghetti in dirty dishwater sauce ...oh, yummo.  ...oh yes...to make the dishwater stew look more presentable it was sprinkled with some crab meat (I guess that is what it was) and some green leaf crumbs,,,(green perfume on this pig of a dish)  The servers humped their butts off so I have to give them props for hard work...hooray for them, but it simply can't overcome the overpriced under-flavored junk I was served...don't know where Emril's "bam" went...but it certainly didn't go into the food prepavoid.
