4	Absolutely phenomenal for wedding make up and hair! Megan and Deb are truly great people - extremely professional, personable, nice, fun, and organized! They arrived super early, which I really appreciated. I really didn't know what to do with my hair and make up. I told Megan my normal make up style. She took that direction and just enhanced it. Everyone kept commenting on how great my make up was. The airbrush covered all my acne scarring as well as the sunburn I had on my shoulders from the day before. I also love how the false lashes were included in the package that they offered... she put them on but they still looked natural! I was flawless for the first time in my life! Deb did a really nice job on my hair. She was creative and quick and achieved the exact look I wanted without even seeing an inspiration photo! The whole look lasted throughout the day (except for my bangs blowing the in the wind - brides to be, if it might be windy out, have your bangs pinned!).I can't thank these two enough for being a part of my big day. Super fun to work with also... can't go wrong, they are worth every penny!
5	Absolutely the perfect hair and makeup ever. Megan did my makeup and Whitney did my hair and I couldn't have been happier. The makeup lasted through the entire wedding and mostly until the next day. Same with the hair! She was also able to cover up some pretty nasty tan lines and made them completely invisible. I would recommend this artist to anyone!!!
5	Megan did my makeup for my most important day, my wedding. She was early, professional and did not waste any time. I had an area cleared for her with good lighting and then she went to town. My makeup was beautiful & my pictures are stunning! I get so many compliments til this day about my makeup and how great my pictures are, go with AIRBRUSH! Include this in your budget, make it work :)
4	First of all, the bride and the bridesmaids looked absolutely wonderful when the "Makeup in the 702" ladies had finished their work.  That is exactly what hair and make-up artists should produce.Why not five stars?  Because this is really a service that works best on the younger set.  Both of us "moms" came out looking a bit like Endora from the old Bewitched TV show..... over-done.  I toned down both my hair and my make-up before the wedding began.  The other mom took her make-up off completely and re-did it herself.It was a fun experience and I did like the airbrushing and false eyelashes.  Unfortunately, the bride and groom paid for something that wasn't really suited to either of their moms.
5	Wedding planning can be stressful, to say the least. These ladies make looking beautiful something you don't even have to worry about. The entire process was super-easy and stress free.  Megan did an amazing job of communicating during the planning stage. Having Deb and Celina come to my hotel room was so convenient. I didn't have time to do a trial run, but Deb and Celina absolutely nailed the look I was going for. They showed up right on time, got set up quickly and got to work. They were both so friendly and nice, totally putting me at ease as they worked. The results were stunning. I was absolutely thrilled with both the hair and makeup. They both held up 12 hours through hours of walking the strip, a desert photoshoot (in July), dinner, dancing, drinking, you name it. Seriously- if planning a Vegas wedding, go with MU in the 702. You wont be disappointed! The convenience factor alone was worth it for me, but the perfect results really sealed the deal.
5	Kiera and Deb did both my trial run and the makeup and hair for the big day.  They were so incredibly sweet to me and made the whole experience so much fun!  Kiera obviously shares my love for cute things, since we have the same set of Tokidoki brushes.  :)  Both ladies were nothing but complimentary and really got the look that I was going for.  I looked amazing both on my wedding day, and also on my last night as a single girl.  And that makeup and hair didn't move all night!  Too bad they're not in Colorado for all my special events.  I would definitely recommend this experience to anyone who wants one less thing to worry about on their wedding day or special event!
5	I used Makeup in the 702 at my wedding in Vegas this September and I have to say they were magnificent. As an event planner by profession, I knew that planning a wedding away from home would be a challenge all in its own. Thankfully I felt totally at ease with Megan and her crew. The email responsiveness was phenomenal. When we arrived a few days before the wedding we had a tanning appointment set up for me and one other person, that number quickly doubled last minute and they had NO issues with us making additions and changes that day. The hair and makeup on myself, the bridesmaids and the moms were all flawless. I felt totally at ease during the entire process, not rushed or stressed. Everything went perfect, the girls all looked fantastic the entire evening. I had some concerns because I have rosacea on my cheeks but after Megan was done, my skin looked hydrated and flawless!! I was shocked.
5	I used Makup in the 702 for my wedding hair and makeup.  I had contacted Megan a while before my wedding to just do makeup for me and hair and makeup for the moms.  Originally my own hairstylist was going to do my hair.  However, 2 weeks before the wedding my hairstylst went MIA and Megan was able to find someone for me last minute and was definitely a life safer.  she was very responsive to all my emails and questions I had and very friendly and helpful.  Her prices are very competitive in this fierce market.  On my wedding day I had Sonia for makeup and Karen for Hair, they were both super friendly and easy to work with and made us all fell comfortable.  My hair and makeup came out beatifully and the moms were also very happy with how their hair and makeup came out.  I would highly recommend them.
5	I can not say enough wonderful things about Megan and her team! I used them for hair, makeup, and spray tan for both my engagement and wedding photo's, and was impressed every time! I have already reviewed them for my engagement photo's, which were amazing, but I want to focus specifically on my wedding day for this review.   To start I had a spray tan done by Shekiera the night before my wedding. She came to my parents house at 8pm, (where I was staying) set up a portable tanning "booth," and performed the tan in the spare room. No mess, no remnants of spray, no stains. The tan was perfect! It lasted about nine days, but faded very evenly, no funky spots like other spray tans I have had. It is nice to have it at home, no stress, plus I didn't have to worry about driving home, braless, with certain clothes, or not wanting to wash your hands or face when you return home.... you can just hop in pj's and go straight to bed. Shekiera is very professional, I did my tan completely naked and never felt uncomfortable or awkward, she explains every step and has you look at stages to make sure it is what you want and are comfortable with it. This was my second tan by Shekiera, the first looked perfect the night of but a lot washed off the next morning. I had her go a lot darker the day before the wedding and after my first shower the next day, the color was perfect! I would recommend you do at least one test tan before your wedding to get used to the steps you have to follow and see how you like it the following day after your first shower. But, no tan lines, and no hours and hours spent in tanning beds makes this an excellent pre wedding option. I had my hair done by Deb, I chose not to do an up do, my Husband prefers my hair half up and half down so thats what I wanted to do. She never pushed a certain style and was willing to do anything I asked. This women has some magical skills. She worked on my hair as I had my make up done, I knew she was behind me because we were talking but other than that, I had no idea she was there! No rough tugging, no hairspray in my eyes or surprise curling iron burns... and all of a sudden... bam... I had this perfect hair do. She did exactly like I asked, It lasted 12 hours, never lost my curls... even after wearing silly props in the photo booth.  As for makeup, I saved the best for last. I absolutely love Megan! She knew me and my personality after just a few minutes of chatting. I am quite the jeans and T-shirt, no make up, phony tail kind of girl... and she respected that. She kept my natural look that I like, but made me look beautiful! She was sure to get my approval after stages so I didn't feel like she did to much. She was calm and soft spoken with such positive energy in a whirlwind of stress and chaos. We had 15 people in my Mom's house when they arrived and I was pretty overwhelmed. Megan took me over, smiled and calmly brought my stress down just with her presents. She did everything she could to make sure I was comfortable and happy with my appearance. Megan provides you with a kit of everything you need to touch up, just a quick blend with the make up pad easily fixed any small smears from my tears of joy, and a few dabs of lip stick before pictures were all I needed. The make up easily lasted throughout the night, at least 12 hours.  The ladies were always on time, and most often early. My hair and make up took about one hour total. Megan and Deb are such a great team, they both worked simultaneously with no stress on me! Megan kept complete communication with me with everything. Pre tanning instructions, pre hair and make up instructions, I was never in the dark about what to do and what to expect, and I always felt comfortable about what was going on around me. As for price, I felt like their prices were completely competitive with other air brush services in town. I would have paid double for Megan and her team if it came down to it. This is a day you will remember forever and pictures you will have to cherish, you want to know you will look good no matter what. Don't take any chances, these women are amazing! Call them and book them before someone else bets you to it!
5	AMAZING!  I was referred to Makeup in the 702 by Scenic Las Vegas weddings.  I did not have a trial run, we just went for it the day of the wedding.   Kiera and Karen were so sweet and personable, it made getting ready extra fun.  They did an amazing job, and I'm so pleased with their work - and it held up all day and all night!  Without any reservations, I highly recommend Makeup in the 702, and Kiera and Karen in particular.
1	I contacted this business 2 days ago and have not heard back. Lost a customer.
5	I had Deb & Keira do my makeup and hair for my Vegas wedding on 4/4/13 & everything was wonderful!  I believe that they made me look fabulous & from my groom's feedback, he couldn't agree more!  Both ladies were very easy to work with, wanted my feedback throughout the process & took photos of me as this was a planned elope to Vegas (no guests).  I also got a spray tan from Keira in our suite at the Bellagio the night before which I highly recommend.  All communication with Megan was wonderful and she is very detail oriented with quick responses.  Thank you Makeup in the 702 for an amazing job :)
3	I wish I didn't have this bad experience still replaying in my head since my wedding a couple of weeks ago. Besides kicking myself for not following my gut feeling of doing my own makeup (I was a bride and I wanted to be pampered) I'm still trying to figure out how it is I'm that one bride with the one negative review from so many others who have had raved reviews. I just don't get it...But on with the review...Let me start with Megan who I have to say from the moment I inquired about their services, responds to emails lightening fast and makes you feel as though you've known each other for years. The day of my wedding Celina (makeup) and Courtney (hair) show up on time, start setting up and I show them both pics of what I have in mind for my hair and makeup. Courtney did my hair better than any pic I showed her and nailed it perfectly. I LOVED my hair and it stayed in place all night. As Courtney was doing my hair, Celina was doing my makeup (I requested a sexy smokey eye) and from talking to her the day before going over what I wanted and didn't want, I had felt confident she would nail it and got what I wanted. As soon as she told me to look into the mirror, that confidence quickly turned to horror and the only words I could utter out were 'Oh sh#t' because my worst nightmare had come true. I looked like the bride of Frankenstein with heavy, black, uneven, blotchy eyeshadow from my eyelid all the way to my brows! My brows, which I pencil and shape in, were not even with eachother, drawn in thin and all blotched.  The airbrush makeup was not as great as I had read about either. I could see up close it looked all caked and dried out. I also thought it was transfer resistant? At the end of the night when I removed my dress (she airbrushed my chest, which also had caked dried blotches near my collarbone) there was all makeup on my dress (on the inside) in the bust area. Now, they showed up at 1 p.m. and the limo was picking us up at 3 pm and here it is 2:40 pm and I'm trying to undo what I could of what she did while crying and shaking! Because of this, I missed being able to do my first look photos and had to rush getting into my dress and getting to the limo who had been waiting now until 3:15! This was by far not the experience I had paid for or wanted or even expected for that matter with all the rave reviews. I did email Megan the next day with my complaint, she was understanding and she did give me what I feel was a 'partial' refund of $75.00 for the makeup. I feel what I had to go through should have been more than that (I paid $250). My advice is do a trial so you avoid going through what I did and can have great memories of getting ready and riding off to the chapel happy and not all stressed out and disappointed :(
5	I had my hair and makeup done by Tanya and Courtney for my wedding. They were on time both days (trial and wedding), did an amazing job, and were so much fun! I have vitiligo and have some spots on my face with less pigment - after Tanya finished you couldn't even see the spots! Amazing. I felt so beautiful. I showed pictures to both ladies of what I had in mind and they were able to do exactly what I wanted. It was a great experience all around!
2	Let me start by saying I normally dont wear a lot of make up...with full time school an work and family im lucky to show up dressed...so the world of make up artists was very new to me but I wanted to really look pretty on my wedding day because he is the man of my dreams and i wanted to make him proud. I contacted Megan and she was wonderful very kind and understanding...I told her I had a budget and if this cant work then ill just do my make up myself...she worked with me which i was shocked and thankful...That was the best part of the make up experience...No one had informed me that it was important to find a look id want in advance which i wouldnt have known what to have picked anyway...so when the woman arrived she sat up and said what would you like ..i said just make me beautiful...the make up was cakey the eyeshadowed aged me by 20yrs and the lashes would not stay on...really wanted to cry but due to contacting the girl about the lashes which she got frustrated with me on I was late to my own wedding..bottum line you can tell if a person loves your work even if they say oh thats fine..she was my only damper on my wedding day..when i was asked to leave a review on another web site i tried to be nice but was contacted by the company via text chewing me out for giving a 2.9..i said Sephora redid my make up correctly and that the 2.9 was me being nice now leave me alone...Not professional at all...
5	My wedding makeup was done by these ladies several years ago and still think it looked fantastic every time I look back at my photos. Worth every penny!
3	Really, for hair I would give 5 stars. Makeup 3 stars. And scheduling/logistics, 1 star. When I booked them, I thought we were gonna do the first look. But my fiance changed his mind, so we cut that out. But, when I originally booked, I needed to be ready by 2. Since we cut out the first look, I asked Megan (the owner) if we could change my booking later, since I didn't need to be ready until 4. She said no, they were fully booked. Okay, that's fine, I understand. With the schedule she gave me, my future mother in law was at 11, my mom at 12, and me at 1. Thus, I scheduled my videographer to come at 1.On the day of, the ladies doing my hair and makeup asked why we were starting so early. I explained everything to them, and they looked surprised. Neither one of them had another booking that day, so they didn't know why Megan didn't change the time. Thanks.Then to make matters worse, they didn't follow Megan's schedule at all. They took us out of order and actually finished everyone by 12:45, so my videographer didn't get to capture any part of my makeup or hair. That also meant we all had to sit around even longer and not get anything messed up until the ceremony at 4:30. I loved my hair, they did a fantastic job. Makeup was okay and actually the trial run several months earlier was better. I don't usually use false eyelashes, so I don't know how long they're supposed to last, but around 8 p.m. they were coming off. At least my ceremony pictures were done by then.
3	Communication prior to wedding was really great; I knew what I wanted and expressed spec. styles, was reassured it could be done.Me, my mom & my mother-in-law had hair & makeup done by them.  They were prompt.  Literally at 7:01 AM the doorbell rang.  I had makeup done by Celina & hair by Courtney.  I had my m/u done first.  I showed her various pictures of what I was looking for and didnt look like any of the sample pictures, nor did I like my look at all.  I didn't get a good look at myself because right after she finished, I went to the hair chair.  It was only until after that I noticed that:a) my got tons of glue on my lower lashesb) my foundation was unevenc) my blush and eyeshadow weren't blended perfectly, so there were harsh linesspectacular.  d) some of my eyeliner was sparse and movingI did the airbrush foundation.  I didn't like it.  It looked like a lighter coverage that what I normally use and that's tinted moisturizer.  It didn't rub off on my clothes.MIT 702 makes strong claims about how they are the "only" co. that does a lot of things, so I want to be clear on what they do provide.They offer a touch up to go kit.  This kit consists of a sponge for face, an eyeshadow applicator and a free lipgloss.  I don't use powder regularly and she recommended I use powder to keep my face looking good for so many hours, so I had to get my cousin to make a quick trip to sephora.  Regarding the lipgloss, it wasn't a color I would have chosen, but literally she had a dozen tubes of this "universally flattering" lipgloss that she gave to me, my mom & my mother-in-law.  My mom actually refused to wear it because she felt awkward having the same color as me & used her own lipstick instead.  The lipgloss definitely wasn't 15 hr proof, it was gone after I had my first glass of champagne in the limo & nonexistent in 90% of the pictures.As for the lashes, I used my own because the ones they had were super long & looked too fake.  Re the lasting of the makeup, I was done at 10:15AM & got home just past midnight.  My eye makeup was still on, but had caked, my blush & foundation looked a bit sloppy.  I did have a long day, sweated, etc.My mom hated her makeup.  She said that the one time I did her makeup looked a lot better than what they did.  I didn't think my mom looked any better than when she normally does her makeup (& she is hard of seeing).My mother-in-law looked great.  Celina seemed hesitant to use lashes on her bc her natural lashes are so blond and she has light hair, but she was excited about them, so used them anyway.  She looked good.  She didn't look over the top or anything, a very natural look, which is similar to what she normally wears.  HairMy mom has thinning hair & I had e-mailed ahead to let them know this.  She usually uses a product to add fullness and forgot it in NY.  I also emailed ahead about this.  The stylist (Courtney) emailed me back telling me to check out Sally's for the product but we didn't have enough time.  She did was she could, but unfortunately the product she had was grey and my mom had light brown hair with dark low lights.  Considering the circumstances, her hair looked good & held up throughout the day & night.  She wanted to add some brown, but the makeup artist said the only way would be to break an eyeshadow and she didn't want to do that because she didn't think it was worth it.  She also said this after going on about how she buys all types of things and writes them off on her taxes.  It isn't how I would have acted in her position, but completely understand her stance, though she could have been more professional in her wording & demeanor.Despite telling me she couldn't do my hair in the fashion that Megan had told me was a go, she still did a good job.  My hair held well throughout the day and I was able to work it a little into what I wanted for the night.My mother in law's hair was fantastic.  She has beautiful, thick, luxurious & plentiful hair, so admittedly was a great canvas to work with, but her hair was great & lasted the entire day.My only commentary regarding the hair is that we all had the same colored bobby pins used on us and given to us for "touch ups," yet my mother in law has blond and red hair, my mother has light to medium brown hair and my hair is jet black.Overall, these girls were both on time, super chipper & friendly.  I would rate hair an A- and makeup a C, at best.  Another additional commentary is that Celina, the makeup artist was done before Courtney the stylist was done.  She collected the money & said she had a day full of bookings so had to be on the go.  This is why I wasn't able to point out issues with my makeup to her.  Courtney stayed about a good 30 mins after that.  I thought this was weird & unprofessional.  They sent me emails to write reviews on wedding sites, when I did, the review was disputed, so beware of what may be a false positive in the rankings. Solid 2.5 here.
5	I had a wonderful experience with Makeup in the 702. Megan was always super responsive and extremely prompt and friendly in her responses. She sent Deb (for hair) and Keira (for make-up) to do both my trial and actual hair/make-up on the wedding day and both ladies were lovely, friendly, and awesome at what they do!! I felt beautiful on my special day, and they were done with me and my ladies well ahead of schedule! They even had time to do hair/makeup for an extra bridesmaid who decided she wanted her hair/makeup done by Deb and Keira after seeing their beautiful work! All my girls looked beautiful and they worked so efficiently that we had time to spare so everything was super relaxed. Deb even came back later in the evening to give me a different hairstyle for the second half of the evening and was able to do it in about 10 mins so I didn't have to miss much of the reception! I recommend them without any reservations! THANK YOU Makeup in the 702!!
5	I cannot say enough wonderful things about the work done by Deb and Kiera. Professional, warm, and friendly, they offered advice from everything to my hairstyle and birdcage veil placement to the earring choices I could not decide on. They took me from fresh face to superstar in an hour. If I could attach a before and after picture set here, I would. The transformation they did for me was magnificent. I wanted fake eyelashes, I got fake eyelashes. My now-husband was ecstatic and I received so many compliments that I will continue to hear as my appearance will live on through the power of digital photography. For a '50s glam look, this power duo made me look like a old era film siren. Highly recommended. Look nowhere else in the Vegas area. I wish I could hire them for my daily work look back in North Carolina!
1	Below is the exact email that I sent to Megan regarding the service I received for my recent wedding. (Obviously with some you's and her's changed to names)I am very unhappy. I was very confident that going through this company was going to be a great choice for my wedding day after having serious issues with my previous makeup vendor. Megan assured me that things would go very smoothly and that I would be happy and taken care of, and that as the first vendors of the day they would be setting the tone for my wedding day. Sadly, this was not the case. For my makeup trial- my artist Celina showed up late, which would not have been a big deal as I try to be very flexible, but when she arrived she complained about her previous appointment and the lighting in my hotel room- which I agree was not the best, but not something I have control over either. I showed her photos of my inspiration for my makeup and she got started. She did not stop or ask me step by step how I liked what she was doing or if I would change things- she did my makeup, said I was done and told me to go look in a mirror. My foundation was blotchy and so uneven that I actually took it off before going out because I was embarrassed. My makeup didn't look anything like what I asked for. I have eyelash extensions as well and she got so much foundation on my lashes that I looked laughable, so when I told her, she put eye shadow over them and also got it all over my face which she said she "wouldn't do tomorrow" I should have known that the next day would not be different, but I thought that the trial at least showed me what I knew I didn't like and what to mention the next day.On my wedding day the two teams she sent got started right on time, the one makeup artist (NOT the one who did my trial) was very friendly and did my mother and one of my bridesmaids makeup. She took her time and they looked wonderful. However, the girl who did the rest of my party's makeup (Celina) seemed like she was in a hurry as soon as she arrived and had an attitude with everyone she interacted with (even other members of the team) She did our makeup so poorly that nearly everyone felt the need to "fix" theirs, and when anyone mentioned that they didn't like something she actually argued with them rather than offering to correct it. Which, I felt was beyond unprofessional. She also huffed and pouted and argued with me when I asked about having my tattoo covered- which was supposed to be included in what I paid. She scolded me like a child and told me that I should have told her that the day before and now I was out of luck. Another thing I would like to point out is how all she kept telling us was that she didn't have enough time to do anything and rushed all of us but she had time to text and play on her phone, and later mentioned she was going to go walk her dog for an hour. When I hinted that I was unhappy she said that she did not have time to fix anything because she had other brides, and bookings back to back, and it "wouldn't be right to make those brides wait". I find it offensive that as a bride, my feelings and the money I paid did not seem to matter at all.  I also made it a big point, and emailing Megan several times, to say that we did not need to be ready until 11am. I did not want to have to sit around for hours trying not to mess up my makeup. Celina was in such a hurry to leave that she was packed and out the door by 8:30am. My mom tried to stop her and ask where she was going because she left without airbrushing our neck or chest area (which according to Megan she was supposed to do, and why we wore shirts with specific necklines- which Megan told us to do in her emails) and she just ignored her and walked out. My party's hair was also not done in the best manner. One of my bridesmaids who asked simply for curls had chunks of hair that were untouched and later had to re-curl her whole head. Anyone who did not get an up-do had their hair falling by the time the ceremony started.The one hair stylist who stayed with me until 9am contacted Megan to let her know how upset I was (honestly I  looked so bad that I was in tears) and to see if another artist had time to fix my face before the wedding ceremony- but instead of trying to make it right or help me on the biggest day of my life, she offered to refund my deposit and said to "go out to dinner" on her. This was my wedding day- not prom. I don't get a do-over or a second chance for this. Luckily, my MOH were kind enough to rise to the challenge and fixed as much of my makeup as she could before my ceremony. I have never been so unhappy with a service in my whole life. Considering everything that I went through on the most important day of my life, being treated like I didn't matter by Megan's staff, I would pass on this company. In the end I requested, and received my money back. To me that will never justify their behavior and how we were all treated or make it any better. Skip this one ladies.
5	Working with Megan and Makeup in the 702 was an amazing experience. Her team of hair and makeup experts came to our hotel room the morning of my wedding and made up my entire wedding party (6 ladies total). They were extremely professional, reliable and instantly addressed any feedback we had. Their main priority was to make sure we were happy and beautiful - and we all were. Megan was a pleasure to do business with and was very responsive via email, text and phone. I'd highly recommend them to anyone!
2	DO NOT TRUST WeddingWire reviews. They only retain good reviews about the company. My review was deactivated because it was a bad review.Make-up was pathetic and all the claims about showing up early were false. The girls showed up 20 min later than the scheduled time and got me ready in 50 min with a shabby make-up. They didn't even know how to mix the foundation well according to my complexion. The hair were done by Crystal and they were perfect. She did a really good job. So if you hire them only for hair and specifically ask for Crystal then it is good. But DO NOT hire them for make-up unless you want to look ridiculous like I did in my wedding photos.
5	Megan and the ladies of Makeup in the 702 are THE ONLY artists I would trust to do my makeup for my wedding day. Being a retired makeup artist myself I know quality artists when I meet them. If you want to know you can relax and enjoy your wedding day hire Makeup in the 702. You won't be sorry.
5	These ladies are amazing! They are so great at making us girls look beautiful, and always so friendly and warm while doing it!
5	I absolutely love Makeup in the 702! I have used Meg and her glam squad for numerous occasions over the years including my wedding and family photos. Anytime I need to feel gorgeous, I give her a call. What I love the most besides the end product is the genuineness that she and her team exhibit. I feel as though every person who has done my makeup really listens to what type of look I'm going for and never pushes anything else on me. I felt so incredibly beautiful on my wedding day and absolutely love the way the makeup photographed. If you are in need of makeup for a special occasion this is the team to call. I promise they will exceed your expectations and you will love the end result!!!
5	***Let me first start off by saying I was an emotional wreck (in a happy way) the day of my wedding and my air brushed makeup STILL lasted 12 hours!!! I cried countless times all throughout the day and the makeup never budged, smudged or faded!!***Megan and the ladies of Makeup in the 702 exceeded all expectations for my wedding day and I got so many compliments on my makeup!! Before my wedding, Megan was so sweet, attentive, informative and super helpful in helping me plan my trail & finalizing my "look" for the wedding day. She quickly responded anytime I called, texted or emailed which was great because I had many questions. Even after both my trail and wedding day, she followed up and asked me about my experience and any feedback to better their services! That was great because it shows how much she cares about each client and how they can improve!I pre-booked and paid for my myself, mom and two maid of honors to get makeup done (sister and best friend). Kiera and Deb both did my trail and wedding makeup. They were very punctual both days and did an exceptional job!! I love that they were open to making any changes the ladies wanted, for example, heavier on the shadow or lighter on the eyebrows. When you ask clients how they feel about the look and are open to customizing something after the fact, that shows a lot about the flexibility and professionalism you have. Not all companies are that willing to change something you have just spent 30-40 mins doing.On my wedding day, Kiera and Deb were NICE enough to first come to my house to do makeup & hair on my mom and makeup for my sis and best friend AND then drive over to Comsopolitan where I was to do my hair and makeup for better photos and video. I couldn't check in any earlier than 1pm so I really appreciated them doing the commute. They not only did exactly what I wanted but were just such a blast and pleasure to be around. We had a lot of good laughs and they are awesome people!!After Deb had finished my hair, I realized there wasn't enough volume on the top and she spent another 20-30 mins redoing the whole thing! Her motto was, "I'd rather spend more time fixing this and you being happy about it than settling for how it looks and you not liking it all day." I honestly felt bad she had to take it all down just to add more volume to the top but I was ecstatic she took the time to do that for me. When she finished it was PERFECT!Being a photographer myself, I understand and appreciate good quality makeup on clients and myself. I have even booked this company for my own photography clients and they never seize to do an amazing job!! I highly recommend you not doing your own makeup for your wedding day if you want your makeup to show well in photos/video and enhance all your facial features. With that being said, I wouldn't recommend anything but the best and with this company, you can't go wrong!!
5	I contacted Megan several times before my big day because I was so worried and stressed about my make up and hair. She always replied right away reassuring me that everything would be fine. Megan and Deb arrived at my home and they had a lot of energy. even though it was the first time I met them they made me feel so comfortable I felt like they'd been my friends for years. My makeup came out so Beautiful. It was very natural looking and I got so many compliments. Deb did my hair and it was exactly how I imagined it to be. Megan and Deb were so sweet and I was very pleased with their service. I highly recommend them to any bride !
5	Megan and the ladies of Makeup in the 702 are amazing! I say the real winner here is Megan and her beautiful personality. She is exactly who I would want around me int he hours leading up to my wedding. As soon as I met her, I felt like I had known her for years. It felt like an old friend was in the room doing my makeup. I think this is partially due to all the effort she puts in prior to the time you actually meet up. I thought I would be a nervous wreck and although it has been a couple years (this review is long overdue), I do remember her making me feel really calm. I was very very nervous about booking hair and makeup! I interviewed quite a few ladies and Megan seemed most concerned with my hair issues and wanted to make it perfect for me. She did make my makeup more on the natural side, but I believe that is what I requested and I think she tries to enhance natural beauty. It was important that I had my eyes opened up to look big and she accomplished that. I was very nervous about my hair and we had many conversations about my extensions and different options. She gave me lots of information and I felt that was important that she took the time to care about my needs. I opted to buy my own extensions and have them put them in. I was very satisfied with my makeup and hair. Me being the nervous person I am, I appreciated that she took her time, listened to me, and make me feel like a million dollars. I can't say enough about how much I love Megan. Megan arrived to my hotel room to do our makeup which made it very convenient for me. If there is anything I wish did happen was that the eye makeup put on my Asian bridesmaids eyes opened their eyes up more. It's been so long that I honestly can't remember how it all happened, but I know that if I said something or my bridesmaids said something, I do believe Megan would have fixed it to make it more what I want. I am not sure if I did not say anything because of the time factor or because my girls seemed happy with it, so I did not want to be a pushy bride forcing my bridesmaids to look a certain way.  I do feel that she would be open to feedback and so I blame myself for not speaking up more.  I think happiness is so important and I remember feeling beautiful that day and for that, I can't thank her enough!!!Thank you Megan for making me beautiful and being there on my special day. I can't imagine anyone having a bad experience with Megan, she is AMAZING and I would highly recommend her to anyone. She even made me happy, the pickiest person I know. Also, my makeup lasted all night. If I can recall, she also sent me sweet texts that made me smile on the day of my wedding. Who would not love that???
