4	Housed in the place previously known as Fate, Matt Carter of Zinc Bistro and The Mission and Chef Jay Bogsinske have finally opened up their newest restaurant after many months of construction.  This is one of three in this location that will be opened, coming soon, Canteen and El Rey...so I've been told.After you get through the very heavy front door (grandma is not going to eat tonight if she has to handle that door) you'll notice the place has been improved quite nicely with metal framed windows, door frames and a large mirror.  Also notable are the 70s style prints throughout the cozy space.  Although it's still warm (they're working through A/C issues), you'll find the staff and kitchen (visible) will greet you with a smile and in our case at the soft opening, a choice of a glass of chilled chardonnay or a cold sake!The menu is still in flux and not all items were available, but the selection was still quite large.  We sampled quite a few items and in most cases, they were all very tasty.  The prices for the items available ranged from $8 to $13 for the starters, and when the full entrees are available, they appear to be in the $15-20 range. Bottles of wine are $30-40, with glasses from $8-13.  The selection is fairly minimal with only about 7 reds and 5-6 whites from Spain, New Zealand, South America, and California.  Cold Sakes are $12 for 300ml (a bit high) and there are about 5 choices.  I find these prices slightly high for the quality of wines and sakes available, but at the bottled wine price, not so bad.  As much as I love chilled sake, unless there is a special I probably will pass unless the quality improves.Food:  Along with the fantastic service, we found the food to be very delicious.  We started with the duck confit buns, which are really a play on Hong Kong style duck where you'd make up your bun, crispy duck skin, hoisin sauce and shrimp cracker...  however this version consisted of a larger Hong Kong style steamed bun, duck confit, a different play on the sauce and green onion along with a slice of green apple.  I thought the confit was good, but not excellent (like Christopher's), the steamed bun too sticky (over steamed?) but all around not a bad effort.  I think this one can only improve and I will try it again as I love confit.  This was the only item I thought that needed some work, it could have just been the gooey bun that threw me off.  All of the other items were top notch, very flavorful and perfect temperatures with the right amount of seasonings.  Some items such as the Shrimp and Coconut fried rice were spicier than you'd expect but well within reason and added a little kick to make them perfect. The fried rice was excellent, I really loved having the texture of the shaved coconut with the rice and although a lot of egg, it was the perfect amount to make it rich and delicious.  I would actually prefer a small poached egg or overeasy quail egg on the top just to get some yolky goodness, I guess I'll have to do that at home with the leftovers...The shrimp lettuce wraps were among my favorites, nice spicy perfectly fried shrimp in a cool lettuce wrap.  As all starters come in threes, these are difficult to share with two....  I will order this again next time, it's a nice cool and spicy treat.My very top favorite was the pork belly crepe.  Although the crepe in texture was not so different from the 'bun' of the confit dish, the crepe with the pork belly is absolutely magnificent paired with the wasabi yogurt.  This was pork belly at its best (well, yes, Filipino fans, you know the other best pork belly), but Matt's subtle and delicious pork is among the tastiest I've had.  He knows his pork and the belly he serves here in several incarnations is well worth the trip.The last dish was dessert, which the wife had the blueberry (cake?) and lychee ice cream all made on site.  Very sweet but perfectly delicious.  I cannot pass up tapioca and this paired with toasted coconut, strawberries, and butterscotch was a fine finish to a terrific meal.  I actually might have preferred the tapioca with only (add more please) coconut, but the overlarge (shareable) portion was a nice subtle and not oversweet finish to a very nice meal.This is a nice destination for a delicious meal and I can't wait for the weather to cool off so that they can open up the large garage doors and open the interior to the beautifully set up patio.  Inside they have about 11 tables (2 and 4 tops) and outside looks like a treat once the weather behaves.  I think this is going to be a hot spot when the cool weather starts.
5	I was never really a big fan of Fate, although I do like Asian foods in their various incarnations.  So, when I heard that Matt Carter was doing an Asian restaurant in it's place, I was cautiously optimistic.  I got to try Nine|05 for dinner during its soft opening this week.  I was pleasantly surprised to see Jay Bagsinske as the chef, and the place continued to positively impress me from there.  First, the menu promises to bring some of my Asian favorites together in one place: kimchi and banh mi?  Together?  I'm drooling as I type this.  Neither of those was available during the soft opening, but I'm going back next week to try them.  What I did eat was nothing short of delicious:  I'm not usually a fan of duck, but the duck confit appetizer was scrumptious, and left me wanting more; the menu repeatedly features pork-belly (delicious soft bacon-like chunks of pork in no way related to or similar to menudo), and I have to say that the the pork belly fried rice was awesome.  I could go on and on . . . plus the service was great.Moreover, the dining environment is a BIG improvement on Fate's.  I never liked Fate's darkness, or decor, which always struck me as just sort of thrown-together haphazardly.  Nine|05 makes big use of hard-wood to give it a vaguely Asian sense without being kitschy.Lastly, the prices at Nine|05 were surprisingly reasonable.  Matt and Jay, I will be back.
4	I would have been the first reviewer since the BF & I dined on Tuesday, July 28 but the other guy figured out how to add a business.  So close!As some of you may know I have worked for Roka Akor since the opening in Scottsdale and BF  was  one of the great managers at Zinc Bistro since their opening.  We are very fortunate to have the great benefits of working with two great restaurants and get to dine frequently at all locations.  Okay, with that I will promise you I will always give my honest opinion of anywhere I dine and believe me a tough critic since working in the industry over 20 years.  I have a high level of expectations.  As you should too.  I couldn't wait to check out Matt's new restaurant after hearing for 3 months and having to keep my trap shut and not spill the beans.  I immediately fell in love with the layout, location (meaning major potential in the neighborhood) and once in side felt right at home.  I can not wait until one day BF and I can own our own place.  Alright, to the food.  Samantha was our server who has worked with Matt many years and also works at The Mission.  Yes, the lack of air conditioning was a concern but did not steal all the attention away from the experience.  We ordered a bottle of Junmai Gingo sake which was very well chilled, slightly dry and tasted great with melon and banana notes.  The menu had their signatures dishes unavailable at the time and a few starters.  We enjoyed the following dishes:Steamed Buns with Pork Belly-what is not to like about pork belly in a warm steamed bun.  My first experience with buns.  I could have easily made a fool out of myself eating these.  With the light and airy bun wrapped around PORK BELLY.  Seriously!Crepes with Duck Confit- tender duck confit wrapped with very well made crepe.  The Wasabi Yogurt sauce was a cool but nice hint of heat to the dish.Glazed Chicken WingsShrimp DumplingsFried Organic TomatoesVietnamese Coffee with sweetened condensed milkVietnamese Chocolate Torte with Chai Ice CreamWe enjoyed all of the dishes and by the end of the meal left very satisfied considering just sticking to the starters.  I would have liked to try some of the noodle dishes but that is for the next trip.  I had talked to Matt at Zinc Bistro on Saturday night and he had assured me the air conditioning was being worked on and I am sure fixed as I type.  I also loved the Vietnamese coffee presentation with a piping hot and strong tea cup of coffee and served with a shot of sweetened condensed milk.  I poured MOST of the milk into the cup and poured the entire batch into a tall glass of ice.  Absolutely, delicous.  When I got home later that night I looked up Vientamese coffee and read about the process and presentation.  It is my new best friend.  The coffee addiction I have is a whole other story! Sam had told me that they would be opening for lunch on Monday, August 3.  We were happy to see Jay in the kitchen (Jay, Matt and I go back to Michael at the Citadel days in 2000) and came out to talk to us a bit about the Vietnamese sandwiches that will be on the lunch menu.  When the Catina opens up and the weather is just right it will be quite the hot spot.  So make yourself a regular now people!  Anyone who wants to get together for dinner sometime please drop me a line!
5	I will give you the short Review, PERFECTO!! We had lunch Tuesday for the first time, and I need to write about it, I hear a lot about this new place and wanted to try it asap and I'M happy I did, since u open that heavy door u realize this will be good, service, atmosphere, decoration and that smell its just fascinating, Jim the chef came to the table with a pork belly appetizer from his kitchen that was to die for, he introduce himself and told us about the vision of the restaurant and the menu, did I told u about the service? The best smiles in downtown. We try the shrimp and chicken pot stickers... the texture was just perfecto with that peanut hint and chilies, Then what can I told u about the pork belly fried rice with caramelized pineapple and this great tonkotsu ramen noodles so earthy.... I think if you gonna open a restaurant u have to pour ur heart and soul in it, and 90-5 just did it...... (Asian style)
5	Shrimp and pork pot stickers were a perfect blend of two savory proteins and the pickled onion rind and peanut sauce completed the dish perfectly Red curry green mussels arrived with the mussels swimming in the coconut and lemongrass broth that had a nice punch of Thai basil and the brioche bread to soak up the broth was a great touch. Hoisin BBQ pork belly buns was a real piece of perfectly cooked pork belly with fresh pea shoots and the hoisin glaze brought the belly to a whole new level. Brisket Crepes these are no your ordinary crepes. These were freshly made to order with some fine sliced green onions to really make this modern fusion of french and Asian. And the brisket cooked to a nice medium rare with the red miso glazed over it. This was the best dish I ate. For dessert coffee and chocolate tort with chai ice cream an house made butterscotch!?!? Are you kidding me I love chai and to be paired with a rich chocolaty torte to make this dessert one to keep coming back for. Overall nine05 was a excellent display of what is to come for the future of amazing downtown eateries. The service was great and I love the water bottle service twist you have to see for yourself. I will be back many times as I fell the urge to try everything on the menu.
5	In a word:  wow.  I had an exceptional time at this new restaurant from the time we walked in the front door.  The ambiance is nice and the place has a really great, but comfortable vibe.  The waitstaff is excellent-- very attentive without being too much so.  The food was really exceptional.  Based on the raves I've read here, we got:-Brisket crepe- The wasabi sauce was a really interesting and flavorful touch.  Very interesting as I've never had a brisket crepe before!-Pork belly bun- It was fun, and tasted amazing.  Cooked to perfection.-cucumber salad- exceptional.  A mix of cucumber, herbs (red basil) and several other greens, as well as garlic peanuts, mango and a really great dressing with some heat to it.  Interesting, and so many different flavors!-shrimp and toasted coconut fried rice- really yummy with lots of coconutEverything was served quickly and was just amazing.  The manager came over several times as well to check in with us, and was really wonderful to talk with.  All in all, the staff seemed to be generally thrilled to work there and it shows!  Dessert- I am a chocoholic and dessert is my favorite meal.  I had the chocolate torte with chai ice cream, homemade butterscotch and candied ginger.  This is probably my very favorite dessert of all time!  It was really exceptional-- rich, creamy, and the complexity of the different flavors really worked.After dinner we sat out at the bar for a bit.  the bar is a large round piece of art, near a large metal sculpture and another building which will be a gastropub (fabulous metalwork in there, so this will be a great place to check out in a few weeks.)  The bartender was fabulous and we had a great time and great drinks.  I'm really impressed with this place, especially as they've only been open for a couple of weeks!  Matt, Jay and Jennifer have done a stellar job and I'll be back soon for sure!
4	Finally! An actual Asian fusion concept that works. The influences here span Asia (and the globe): Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese and Europe. Though the menu is rather limited, each dish packs so many flavors and textures that I'm quite pleased to go back and try everything. Nine05 also has a great selection of Asian beers by the bottle, and one beer from Brazil (why? I'm not quite sure). Matt Carter and crew did an excellent job preserving the historic elements of this bungalow and combining them with sleek modernity that stands out in this neighborhood. My two complaints: It's hot as hell in there. I think the kitchen ventilation isn't working properly yet. I've gone twice and it's been a sauna both times. Also, they don't have a full liquor license, and it's sorely missing some great Asian-inspired cocktails.
3	First off I have to say that remodel is great and still retainings the old neighborhood feel. The service was five stars with no complaints on attentiveness. I was not super hip on the food. My husband have been hitting all the downtown establishments and were looking forward to this one but it just didn't live up to my expectations of Asian fusion food. It is possible that we had the wrong things although we went with our servers suggestions. The springrolls were overpowered by mint. The chicken and mushroom dumplings were very good and probably the best thing we had. The noodle dish reminded me off top ramen with a better base... it wasn't that it was bad it just didn't wow. I had the pork which with one short rib seemed a little pricey and the chinese long beans were really overcooked. All in all I will be back for cocktails because the outside bar space is still fantastic. The food on the other hand feels forced and too much like Scottsdale for my tastes.
5	Matt Carter hits this one out of the park!Yeah for having something delightful in downtown phoenix.SO many good things to say. The ambiance was modern/urban and fit the downtown vibe. But on to the food!We had a very hard time deciding on the apatizers so we ended up with a few. First the shrimp lettuce wraps. So delicate and flavorful (do not expect a giant prawn) my favorite of the three we tried. Next the duck and foi gras dumpling...a complexity of flavors that my husband LOVED. Finally we had the pork belly creps. The chef has some sort of pork panash....it was amazing amazing amazing!Entrees were ramen noodles with duck egg and more pork belly (this still haunts my husband because of the richness of the flavors). Shrimp fried rice for me. This is not your everyday run of the mill shrimp fried rice. I could eat this regularly....Finally desert (my husband wanted the octopus sashimi lol). Chocolate cake with ginger.Go you will not regret it....you can eat dinner off of the apatizer menu and be a happy camper
1	ReservationMade one on Open Table but alas they did not get it. They put us down for the time we originally had 9:30 but did not get seated till 10:15. Had an awkward moment as we almost sat down in someone's table. However it was First Friday so cest la vie. Ambiance. Great. Downtown is a great spot to have a restaurant. It started to sprinkle on our outside table. Asked if we could have a large umbrella that looked available to cover us. Their response 'not really'. Service.Not awesome. Not poor. Not especially helpful with menu items. Not especially intrusive either. Took several attempts to get basic condiments after tasting the food. Delivery We got our food about 10-15 minutes after we ordered. Despite their busyness that is great.Presentation.Elegant on rectangular white ceramic dishes. The chopsticks they provide are smooth so not easy to use to grab food with.Food.So sad. Ordered crispy duck & foie dumplings. Tasty but deep fried and it felt like we were biting into oil. Seven spice duck confit. No flavor. Duck was not tender and greasier than I remember. Sauce was reminiscent of watered down beef condensed sauce.Tomato katsu. Fried green tomatoes Nuff saidVindaloo chicken. Chicken still had fatty skin on. Minted yogurt tasted like reduced coconut milk. Shoyu ramen. Ramen with green onions, basil and mint with chicken. I could do that with costco ramen. Overall Matt Carter has not impressed me. Too say the least, I miss Fate, the restaurant previously at this location. And he was there tonight. If this is as good as it gets, try a hole-in-the-wall Asian restaurant. Even the glib China Chile is better. Save your money.
4	Chef Matt Carter, already known for Zinc Bistro and the year-old The Mission restaurant, is getting a lot of buzz for his latest venture, Nine 05.Named for its location at 905 N. Fourth St., the Asian restaurant occupies the former home of Fate. Carter and his team have completely changed and modernized the venue into an ultra-cool hip modern space.The outdoor bar is great, and it comes with a weekend night DJ. The dining space outside is fairly large and can accommodate decent sized parties. With the cooler weather coming, this will be a good place to hang out for a drink and a bite.Service at Nine 05 is what I like to call triple A: amazing, attentive and attractive. During two visits, my party felt so welcomed and taken care of, we almost wanted to take off our shoes and stay longer.On my second visit, manager Jennifer Mara even remembered my favorite beer from my first visit, Xingu ($5). It's this kind of attention that shows in the service and every aspect of the experience, including the well planned menu.Plate presentations are some of the prettiest I've seen in quite some time. During both occasions we shared appetizers, then each ordered an entree, which can be shared family style.Portions are generous, and the chef does a fantastic job keeping things from getting too heavy.The crisp, clean flavors of the Cucumber Salad ($8) was a great way to get things moving. The bright and light Octopus Sashimi ($12) had a wonderful flavor from the pickled chilies, more sweet than spicy, yet balanced, though the octopus was a little on the chewy side.Fried items were piping hot, starting with the Tomato Katsu ($9), which was lightly breaded and nicely crisp. Beware of that first bite, these were hot, hot, hot! The heirloom tomato was nice and ripe resulting in deeply satisfying flavors.The Rice Cakes ($7) had a nice crunch, but these were really to show off the tasty cilantro-lime coconut yogurt drizzled onto the plate. If I had a bowl of that yogurt I would have dipped everything into it. Good stuff!Duck and Foie Dumplings ($11) were good, but I wish the foie flavor would have been more pronounced. It's a personal taste.The Korean Chicken Wings ($8) were tender, crispy, meaty and interesting with the topping of chili threads. I've actually never had a chili thread before, so small and thin but wow, what a flavor explosion!Entrees were a blast, beginning with n ample bowl of Red Curry Mussels ($18). These plump bad boys were made for the fragrant coconut and lemongrass curry broth. The chef also piles on thick slices of bread so as not to waste even a single drop of the complex elixir.Eating the Pork Belly Fried Rice ($13) was a pleasure, savoring each bite of tender hog and sweet spiked caramelized pineapple. I asked for a side of their pickled chilies to add a spicy sweet dimension to the tender rice.Be sure to use the chilies also on the Tonkotsu Ramen ($15). A huge steaming bowl of richly flavored broth and noodles topped with pork belly, scallions and an egg. You know how I get when there is egg yolk involved, the flavor just drives me wild, while it adds a certain richness to just about any dish.Desserts ($7 each) are limited to only a few thoughtful selections. The Blueberry Mochi Cake was moist and chewy, adorned with fresh berries and a scoop of lychee sorbet was refreshing. However, I would have preferred a different flavor of sorbet, since I'm one of those few people who think lychee tastes like soap. It's just a preference.The Coffee and Chocolate Torte was more my style. With its fudge-like texture and smooth and flavorful chai ice cream, it's real winner.With great attention to detail, delicious food and a superb staff, I think you will find plenty to be happy about after a visit here. On my way out I couldn't help but think of an excuse to come back, then I was told that the lunch menu is outstanding. What a perfect reason.
4	Not going to lie. I was a little skeptical of Nine 05 at first. I enjoyed it when it was Fate. It was simple, tasty, budget conscious late night grub. So I rounded up my dining partner and rolled out to Nine 05 for a late Friday dinner. The place was dead at 9:30. We sat outside after waiting a moment for a table to be cleared. After being sat at what appeared to be high-end Ikea furniture, our server approached us with a menu and poured us water. The menu consists of lots of tasty ingredients done in Asian ways. We started with the pork belly crepe with hoison sauce and veggy spring rolls. (Which I think are actually summer rolls because they were wrapped in soft, spongy rice paper)The pork crepe was warm, not hot. But it was delicious. Tasty braised pork belly, wrapped in an eggy crepe with some drizzles of Hoison sauce. The "spring" rolls were tasty, however standard they were. For entrees we had the Duck Confit with Foie and Tofu Steak. The Duck confit was a whole duck leg confit, with a medallion of foie gras on top. Some planks of corn accompanied it with micro greens. The duck was tender, as it should be and the lump of liver on top was a nice treat. The Tofu steak was served with a mixture of mushrooms and miso glaze. It was a decent chunk of grilled tofu. We finished up with dessert. I had the Blueberry Mochi cake with passion fruit and Lychee sorbet. She had the chocolate decadent cake with chai ice cream and butterscotch. The blueberry cake was good, but the lychee sorbet stole the show on that. The chocolate cake was very rich and the chai ice cream accompanied it very well. We had a bottle of an effervescent  sweet sake with our meal. It was delicious and tasted like pears. In closing, it was a very nice meal to be had at 10pm. The food was tasty, creative and approachable.
1	Okay, I have not given any place a one star review in a while, and looking at some of this restaurant's "friend"ly reviews... I am one of the only few that has given this place a one star.  Why?? Overall feeling.  A big part of liking or loving a restaurant not just about the food or service.  Its the atmosphere and how it makes you feel.  Here....it seems out of place.  This restaurant is pushing a concept and atmosphere onto downtown phoenix that seems to fit better in Scottsdale.  Here in downtown, we are a bit more down to earth, we like to feel welcomed and comfortable when coming to a restaurant...we don't want to sit upright and nibble on a $5 Chicken wing!  And yes it is is Wing....singular!With that out of the way...lets move onService:  Not ban but not good.  The servers were not helping in describing the dishes.  Especially for a asian fusion restaurant, this is a mustAmbience:  The patio looked great...the decor was kinda weird...I did not get the music nor the art that was displayed.  It did not fit the concept.Drinks:  I didn't even order...not interestingFood:  I had the Duck Confit  which I have to say one of the worst I have had.  It was so oily and flavorless.Spring Roll- how can anyone over soak rice paper?? It was so soggy, I took one bite and that was itLop Xeong Crepe- Again another soggy item....urgghTonkotsu Ramen- This was not done correctly...the broth is too rich...not in a good wayDessert-Blueberry Mochi with Lychee sorbet-  Now this was great!!  The textures and sweetness, good balanceAll in all, I was really disappointed with this restaurant.  I wish the chef/owner would have stuck to something more similar to his other successful concepts which are more in line with his skills...Asian fusion I don't think is his niche...there are many asian fusion restaurants that have better execution...The Mission is one of the best restaurants in Phoenix...that should have been a model when opening a new restaurant...that is what downtown phoenix needs.
4	Me? I'm really more of a fan of 3rd Fridays over 1st fridays. First Friday's has turned more into a freak show rather than an Art Walk, call me old-fashioned, but I actually like art on artwalks.  Hence, why I was a little anxious about this place. When we walked by a couple of weeks ago, the place was *hoppin*. Paaaaaaaaarrrrrttttyyy central, yes indeed-y.Well, last night was way more my speed. A nice tasty patio dinner with a unique selection of Asian goodies in a not-so-glam-jam atmosphere. (Granted, as we were leaving, they had a combo DJ-saoxophonist group playing tunes in the bar area which was tres-fun). In our little jaunt we sampled the oriental-sausage crepes, cucumber salad, chicken dumplings and kimchee. yes, I said Kimchee. Honestly, I haven't had any since going to Saigon Pho years ago for good Vietnamese food. Seeing it as a side here, I just had to try it.What was nice was all of the food was unique without being wacky.  We never got to the entrees, but all of the starters and salad items were great quality with fun platings, presentation and overall atmosphere. Oh, and a nice glass of Irony Pinot Noir to wash it all down was a great help.
5	I was thrilled when my mom told me she and her friend needed a ride from the airport to the Sheraton downtown.  Finally, I was in the area (as opposed to the hour away that I live) to try Nine 05.  I had been wanting to try this restaurant for a while.I have to admit first off that I'm a little biased.  I've worked with Jay Bogsinske in the past and know first hand that he is truly committed to quality food.  But that being said, and all biases aside, Nine 05 was YUMtacular.  We had the pork belly crepe and tomato katsu for appetizers.  The pork belly was tasty, but kind of challenging to eat in the crepe.  The tomato katsu was BOMB.  Oh my gosh, it was difficult for me to share with my guests and I'm pretty sure I hogged it all.For entrees, we shared red curry mussels and pork belly fried rice (can you tell I love pork belly?!).  The mussels were really tasty and the curry was well-balanced.  The fried rice was fabulous as well.  The portion sizes were very generous.  Three of us shared two entrees and were stuffed.  Chef also brought us a rock shrimp lettuce wrap appetizer which was fantastic.  For drinks, we each had a San Miguel, which I suppose is a bit pedestrian, but you never see filipino beer on a drink list in phx.  And my dad worked his entire career at San Miguel, so we had them in his honor :o)  For dessert, we had the coffee and chocolate tart.  YUUUUUUUMMMMMMM.I am DEFINITELY going back to Nine 05 with my hubby.  Food was amazing, ambiance and decor were fabulous, service was impeccable.  I just wish I didn't live an hour away....
4	The remodeled, revamped Nine|05 is a stark contrast to the old restaurant that occupied the space.  I can appreciate the aesthetics of a building that is more house than restaurant, but it is refreshing to see that Nine|05 now looks like it is complete, instead of the "sort of, not quite" look that characterized Fate.The soba noodles were delicious -- I am a big cashew fan, so I was excited to try the combination of cabbage, radish and cashews with classic soba. The seasoning was strong, but well tempered. The fried heirloom tomatoes were also delicious, with a savory aioli and basil that made them almost feel like the start of a sort of deconstructed Asian caprese.The wine selection is decent -- we had a bottle of the Brazin Old Vine Zin, a Lodi wine with a heavy dose of cherry.The service was good, and the front patio is great for a casual hangout with friends. Nine|05 ranks right up there with Gallo Blanco as a great place to eat and drink, and wait for people to show up. The pricing is on the high side, though. Seared scallops or Hoisin Short Rib will put you back $26.
2	My friend and I were really excited to try out Nine 05, especially because it's a project by the extremely talented Matt Carter. Like other reviewers said here, the restaurant's style felt much more complete. I enjoyed the cute Asian touches like the sesame seed dispenser and brightly colored garbage cans under the sinks (although it was hard to fit anything in them). The decor felt minimalistic yet trendy and fresh. I didn't quite understand the baskets for the water bottles, though. It looked unattractive and I kept knocking my arm into it through the night. Everything on the menu looked delicious, so my friend and I ordered two appetizers and an entree. Unfortunately, we weren't really impressed by any of our selections. The pork belly crepes were good, but the meat was over-salted. The crispy rock shrimp lettuce wraps were a bit too sweet and the concept seemed pretty unoriginal. And the vindaloo chicken was very under seasoned, and I didn't much care for the rice fries. For the prices, the food didn't seem quite up to par.  I might go back again and try different dishes, or just stick to drinks, but was disappointed that out of everything we ordered, nothing really stood out. Compared to The Mission and ZInc Bistro, I did not feel wowed at Nine 05.
3	Wasn't such a huge fan of this place when it was Fate, still not a huge fan as Nine 05.Firstly, the name bugs me.  It was cutting edge to name your bar/restaurant after your street address early in the decade.  Now it's just overdone and cliche.  I implore restaurant owners to dig deep in their creative souls and actually come up with a real name for their establishment.Anyway...as many people have noted, the decor of Nine05 borrows a lot from Fate, but I agree with those that have said it is a more "complete" look.  The service is much friendlier now than it was with Fate.  But the menu is restrictively pricey for mediocre food.  The good news is that it keeps the grody pseudo-hipsters away, making it a good place for a downtown resident to have a casual drink and decent meal without feeling like an outcast for having a professional job and wearing a collared shirt.  Of course, it also means that the place tends to get a little Scottsdale-y at times, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, just something to be aware of if you're an elitist with a blood-thirsty hatred of Scottsdale.  Really the only thing that Nine05 brings to the table is the outdoor bar.  It's especially fun in the cooler months.  They also have an amazing DJ.  Last time I was there, he was spinning some interesting funky beats and there was a guy playing jazz trumpet and guitar over it.FYI - the bartender mentioned that the house behind the outdoor bar is being turned into another restaurant from the same owner.  She said it would be American food.  Unfortunately she didn't know when it  might open since according to her they've pushed it back a few times.  Looking forward to trying that out.
4	I haven't been here since it was Fate (which I liked) and I have to say that I like Nine 05 ever better. The menu is original (ex. foie gras and Beijing duck dumplings, tomato katsu, pork belly crepes) and pretty much everything that comes out of the kitchen is amazing. The pork belly fried rice with carmelized onion, the char siu pork and all of the noodles are outstanding. The tofu steak is a damn tasty vegetarian option. Nine 05 also has a great selection of Asian beers (though sadly the martinis Fate was famous for are no longer on the menu). The service is friendly and attentive. Go there!
5	I've been hesitant to try Nine 05 for a really long time.  I had a terrible experience at Fate and that really tarnished the image of the new restaurant for me.  Finally, on our way home after a long day, we gave Nine 05 a try.  I am so glad I did.  I can honestly stay that this was one of the most stimulating meals that I have ever consumed.  From start to finish my taste buds were dancing with all sorts of flavors that I have never experienced together.  Thank you, thank you, thank you Nine 05 for not being another Fate.I ordered the house made lychee soda to drink and I loved it!  It was perfectly sweet and efervescent, really, a perfect complement to my meal.  We chose the rice cakes as a starter , and we definitely weren't sure what to expect.  The husband called them French Toasted Rice Sticks, but I call them yummy.  The exterior was perfectly crisp while the inside was creamy and sticky, a perfect foil to the crispness.  The coconut cream sauce served alongside it was perfect when drizzled with a bit of soy sauce.For my entree I chose the Tonkotsu Ramen.  I really had no idea what I was getting other than noodles and pork belly.  I'm not an expert on Asian food or the way it should be prepared, but this was scrumptious.  It was a rather chilly night and I didn't have a coat or anything and the soup warmed me from the inside out.  The broth had a light flavor that slowly developed into a spice that got you right in the back of the throat.  The pork belly was to die for and I kept looking for more even after they were long gone.  The noodles were good and not too mushy.  This is the dish I want when I'm feeling under the weather and in need of some comforting food.I've heard a lot of great things about the blueberry mochi cake, so I insisted that we try it.  I'm so glad we did because it was the perfect end to my exciting meal.  The cake was tender and flavorful.  The blueberries were deliciously sweet.  The sorbet on top of it all was wonderful and the sauces drizzled around were intensely good.I am so happy I finally gave Nine 05 a try.  It does everything right in my book, especially the revamped interior.  The bright, open, clean look is a wonderful contrast from the previous restaurants dark, dingy, hazy look.  I WILL be coming back.
4	Well I gotta say, I love this place compared to the trash it used to be.  So glad to have tables and lighting and waitresses.  It's the little things...My hatred of the former Fate has kept me away from here for over a year.  We finally got over there last weekend and boy, I'm glad I did.  We ordered the rice cakes to start.  They looked and tasted like french toast- IT WAS AWESOME!  Then I ordered this pork dish that came with long green beans and some pear mush.  I know my description is not that great but the meal was pretty good.  The pork was cooked perfectly and the sauce was a very nice sweet/bitter combo.  The pear stuff was possibly my favorite part of the meal.  Very strong flavor with a great consistency.  The beans, however, were a bit of a disaster.  I tried to eat them first, fearing they would get cold, but they were already starting to get cold by the time my plate came out.  I ate a bit until I couldn't handle any more.  I gave up after that and ate the rest of my meal.  I came back to the beans and they were ice cold at this point.  They were actually better cold; they had firmed up a bit and were crisp.  For $21, I just don't want anything wrong with my meal.For dessert we tried the blueberry thing with the sorbet.  It was sweet and light.  Really an enjoyable treat.  I'd like to see something else for winter time since this was a very summery dessert, but it was still amazing.  One of the best desserts in downtown.I'd probably go back but the price will always make me think twice.  There are better places at the same price point where I get a much more substantial meal.  This was, however, a very good experience that I would recommend.
5	Nine 05 is awesome.  I've been twice now.  Both times I ordered the same dishes, which says I am not a risk taker, but also that I enjoyed the food so much that it was on my mind until the second visit.  My appetizer was pork belly crepes which were sooo tasty.  I am not a fan of dessert crepes, but with the pork, it's a whole different story.  For dinner I had the mussels in a very flavorful red sauce.  I think what I like most about the food is that it's so wonderfully flavored.  And for Phoenix I think this Pan-Asian menu is truly unique.The service and hospitality was awesome on both visits.  Seriously, Go there!
3	I wanted to love this place, but in honesty I only half-liked it.We went last night early to meet some friends for dinner.  I was surprised at how small the menu was, but there were some things that looked pretty good.  If you're a simple eater, I will say that a lot of it looks "weird."  We ordered the rock shrimp (great), the pumpkin dumplings (very average), the spring rolls (not a fan), the pork belly crepes (average), and the beef fried rice (it was awesome).  We also had the chocolate desert (there are only 3 choices, so that narrows it down), and it was really very good.The service was very good.  Our waiter was very nice, explained the menu very well, and was attentive.  We sat outside on the patio and enjoyed the meal.They are preparing to open a bar next door, and apparently they were testing the speakers over there.  At some points during dinner, music blared out.  At other times, it was silent.  Our bill was $170 for the night for the 4 of us.  Overall - just kind of average.  I would go back, order the $12 fried rice, the $7 dessert, and a glass of wine and be just as happy.  :)
5	I recently had a birthday happy hour/dinner at Nine-05, and was absolutely awed by how wonderful it was!  The food was wonderful and the staff was outstanding - it was like they were hosting a birthday party for a family member.  I enjoyed the different atmospheres this restaurant offers - it's perfect for both a sit-down dinner or an enjoyable night at their lively bar.  I'll be a frequent visitor!And when you go, try the chai ice cream - delicious.
5	I am surpised by the medicore reviews for Nine 05, considering I had a great experience there.I was here with one person who hadn't been before (like me), and one person who had previously been there. The owner/manager Jen was really nice, and came over several times to make sure we were ok. She also brought Udon noodles as a taster before the rest of our food arrived, which was delish. It had eggplant, sausage, the noodles, and amazing sauce, overall great.I had the crab sandwich with heirloom tomatoes that were extremely fresh, and really good crab meat. The bun was a flaky bread, I kept breaking off pieces to eat on its own since it was so good. It was served open face so I could eat it with a fork. Also came with a small cucumber salad on the side.We sat on the outside patio that was cute decor, very modern feeling with lights in the trees that I am sure are very cute at night. Overall I really liked the place and will be returning.
4	I only had drinks, no food.The bartender was very attentive, and poured a great drink.There was a DJ with a decent mix. A bit loud for my tastes, but I'm more of a social person than a dancer. It's really for everyone's benefit.The atmosphere was very nice. I love the patio setting. I also like that it is right on a major pedestrian street, which allows for great people-watching.I'd go back. I'd like to try the food, too.
5	I've been there for dinner a few times. the food is amazing. Lauren was our server both times and was awesome and really charming. I would recommend this place for anyone who is in the downtown area. We were also there for the nine 05 new years eve bash which was needless to say "a bash".
3	I was super excited to try Nine 05 after reading about it in the November issue of Phoenix Magazine, and realizing that it was Matt Carter's latest venture, but I have to say the overall experience left much to be desired.  Great ambiance, but as with most restaurants in Phoenix, your experience is only as good as the company you sit next to.  Unfortunately, there was a tipsy couple arguing about the bill and then their entire relationship, but as soon as they left the dark cloud lifted, and I got to enjoy the company of my amazing date.  After perused the menu, we decided to ask the server for suggestions.  She seemed to have no opinions and limited knowledge of the dishes.  Left up to our own devices, we opted to get multiple starters so we could get a broader sense of the cuisine.  The cucumber salad was a crazy combination of bibb lettuce, radishes, cucumbers, mango chunks, peanuts and parsley, but somehow it worked, and I know this is what I will be craving when the 100 degree weather returns to the valley.  It was light and refreshing, but still very flavorful.  The only improvement on this dish would be to step up the vinaigrette and chop the peanuts so they are easier to eat. The barbecued pork belly buns had great presentation, quality mixture of textures and flavors, but the meat seemed a little old.  Mushroom dumplings were yummy, broth a bit salty, but nothing noteworthy.  Pot stickers were nicely done and had a great flavor.  Last up, the dish that I came knowing I wanted, the foie gras and eel starter, fell short of my built up expectations.  You know it is the dish they take pride in because it is the only one that was brought out on a warm plate, but the eel was fishy so it ruined the overall experience.  Great presentation and on a good night when the eel is fresh I bet this dish is rocking.  I thought for sure that the quality control would be at an all time high because Matt Carter was in the kitchen busting pans, but no such luck.  Dishes are only as quality as the ingredients that go into them. For dessert we had the chocolate flourless cake with chai ice cream.  It was freaking phenomenal and we decided that for Asian fusion dining in the area we will now do Sens for dinner and Nine 05 for dessert.
3	You know....This palce is pretty nice and the food is great, but I wasnt very full after ordering my meal and sharing an appetizer. I would say three stars for the cost to food. I mean, yes the food is good but if it doesnt fill me up and you charge so much, FORGET IT. Its a neat place but I wouldnt recommend it.
4	This is one of many gems of downtown Phoenix. A restored early 1920's house turned into a restaurant/bar. I have yet eaten here but I've been drunk here enough to add it to my 'fucking badass places' list. The energy is skyhigh, just like the view of downtown Phoenix's skyline from the patio. Great live bands on the weekends and is walking distance from numerous other hidden bars and restaurants. Nine05 is a must if your down at First Friday.
1	Expensive crap food, poor service= no bueno dining experience. Took my little sis out for dinner for het birthday. Started at The Roosevelt but the place was overun with drunk pub crawlers. 905 is aesthetically pleasing, bright open and warm.  Staff seemed nice, we were greeted right away. For starters we had chicken and mushroom dumplings. The plate arrived with three anemic little dumplings (think small ravioli) in a light sauce. The dish was ok, but the price- $10, was wildly unrealistic. A reasonable price would have been $4, IMHO. For entree I got the beef brisket fried rice. Wow. After waiting a looong time the dish arrived and I thought they were kidding. It was mushy and truly tasteless. I don't understand how rice can be so assaulted. It was a disaster. I think after five bites I gave up. In closing, I truly cannot imagine returning to this place. It looks very nice but wow- the food is so dissapointing I will not be back.
3	I think my overall experience at Nine 05 was more based on ambiance and atmosphere of the night, verses the actual food. Don't get me wrong the meal itself was good but maybe a little overpriced. However, on a nice summer night, possibly a first Friday, sitting outside, this place can be a winner. I had the udon noodles which were good and had a little unexpected kick. We finished the meal with the blueberry mochi - which was good and light- perfect for the summer night.  I would maybe visit again, but I I definitely would choose other downtown options first.
2	i think this place has really gone downhill lately.i've been several times - both when it was the old fate and since the transition to Nine 05, and trust me i WISH it were better!  the concept is great, the staff is friendly and it has a great location for first friday cocktails.  but unfortunately that seems to be where the good ends.much to my disappointment, there have been recent changes that have taken a once exciting menu and turned it into an overpriced facade of asian fusion. our server failed to mention that the korean chicken leg appetizer that we ordered (which replaced the mouthwatering korean chicken wings of yester-month),  is the exact same dish as the double-fried chicken main that my friend ordered for dinner.  i was happy to at least have something different when my ramen noodles arrived until i tasted it and found it was terribly salty. (and i love salt!!!)  i think it speaks volumes if you can't even do ramen noodles right in an asian restaurant.just because you are wearing pearls, it doesn't mean you've got class.
5	905 has become my favorite restaurant in Phoenix.  I was a fan of Fate but 905 is a vast improvement.  The food is fresh and interesting.  the eel and foie grois is amazing.  As is everything that I've tried with duck in it, (dumplings, crepes, tea infused salad).  I'm not a big fan of pork but my friends are and they all love the pork belly dishes.  The crab roll is amazing with fresh crab and avocado.  The servers are all great, friendly and remember you every time you come.  I definitely recommend 905.
3	welp. I think I like the idea of this place more than the actual place. The setting is just great earning it the "a-ok" the food/service however is more like a 2-2.5. The waitress was 'nice' that's pretty much it. when asked to describe some of the dishes she basically rambled mumbled and sped through the menu so fast she obviously missed the day of school where you learn in order to speak publicly first take a breath and SLOOOOOOOOOOOOW down...it came off as very rehearsed and too L.A. for this cenpho spot.The food was decent. 5 star presentation but that's about it....what's with all the fried rice cake (cubes) that are hard as a rock? totally blah-nd as well. Good flavor on the duck roll appetizer.ridiculous prices....again, this aint L.A. or some posh upscale place like it is trying to be. Remember folks the view is of an empty lot- wasteland in the downtown arts district.....get a job!
2	The only thing good about this place was our server Alexis. Very pricey for what you get. My daughter ordered the $24 scallops. The dish came with almost nothing and "two scallops"!!!  $12 a scallop, give me break!!!  Our rock shrimp appetizer was good. My fried chicken was a bad choice, not sure what I was thinking. I even forgot to bring my doggy box home.  I can't say the food was bad, but the prices need to come down if the portions are to stay the same.
4	Dropped in at 905 on First Friday. Was there with a couple of buddies to just hang out. the. Music had a good beat and the drinks were very generous. Had a pretty darn good time. Service was quick and very pleasant.
