4	First time at 61B got myself a mocha latte and a red velvet biscotti. Very nice interior. Great selection of teas and pastries and other baked goods. Latte and biscotti were amazing! Can't wait to try out the smoothies. Only downside is cash only.
3	This place is excellent!  I must say, much better than the original 61C.  A nice selection of beans, roasts, and brews.    So far I have had an Americano, Light roast brew, and french press (all have been delicious).  In addition, the baked goods are awesome and fresh baked every morning; try a scone you won't be disappointed. The customer service has been good, so far!The only complaint is the seating... a coffee shop should be used as a common center or escape for studying/reading.  The seats here definitely give off the impression "don't overstay your welcome."  I think adding some comfortable seating (like Big Dog's in Southside) would make this place a 5 star!
4	I am thrilled a great cup of coffee can now be had in Regent Square!  The great aspects of 61B include its attention paid to the quality of their product, a pleasant and welcoming staff (in my 3 visits thus far), the walk up window for service from the street, and the tidy design of the space.  Speaking of the space, my only significant complaint is the seating.  A sleek interior is dulled by the seating, with tables so small they seem to be crying out, "don't stick around too long!"  With everything else in the space so seemingly inviting, I cannot figure out why some bigger and more attractive tables are not part of the mix.  Maybe they were expecting big crowds and didn't warn people to stay too long and chase away business. However, I say cater to those who will frequent your shop - I have already deferred to other shops (although there's not many) cause I want to do some work and lounge a bit. I tend to stick around places long enough to spend $10-15 or more, but not if I cannot fit a computer and an average sized book on the table.  Again thrilled to have 61B around, but please rethink the table situation.
4	Really enjoying 61B so far. The renovation is a stunning improvement. The staff have been friendly when I've visited. I was surprised to learn that they make nearly all their pastries in house, they are really tasty. Apparently they will be adding more seating on the lower level which is even better. I absolutely couldn't stand Katerbean and 61B is just about a 1000x improvement over what was there before. They even had good music playing inside! As a freelancer I'm always looking for good local places to get some work done; if I'm going to spend a zillion dollars on coffees while partaking in free wifi it may as well be at a nice local shop!So far I've gotten an iced latte and an iced coffee. The iced coffee I didn't love; it seemed thin and watery as if they did not brew it double strength, but that could have been a fluke. I've also gotten a few pastries...a croissant, a macaroon, and a cookie that were all very good and the prices were actually very reasonable.Only issues...cash only. I really hope this is temporary since there is no free ATM in that area for me. Also I always prefer to see baristas in some kind of uniform or dress code for food safety reasons. One woman working was wearing a tank top, which I was under the impression that those were against health department rules; I've never been permitted to wear sleeveless tops at any food service job I've had. But these are relatively minor issues, so soon enough I'll be a regular here.
3	Visited for the first time today. It's a good-looking space, and the coffee is good. Nice selection of pastries. I had a chocolate chip muffin that was so-so -- a little bland and dry. I'll try a scone or croissant next time.As others have mentioned, the tables are tiny. At first I thought that was okay because smaller tables = more tables = room for more patrons.  But they are so close together that even though each table has two chairs, there's really only room for one person per table. Also, the chairs are very uncomfortable.Finally, I really hope that at some point soon the management will join us in the 21st century and ACCEPT CREDIT CARDS.It has potential, and it's great to have a coffee place in this area, but Biddle's Escape is not much further away, and it's cozier, and they do accept cards.
4	This is basically the 61C, edition 2. It's what I would consider a major upgrade from the previous tenant of this location, Katerbean. The proprietors have taken what was a grubby, dark spot and turned it into something kind of adorable. I really like the look of the joint, and the quality of goods is the same as their other location. My only complaint is the cash-only deal. It especially irks me now that their pricing does not include tax, which guarantees that I'll receive odd amounts of change as opposed to round numbers. A minor quibble -- but I'll pay an extra dime a cup of coffee if you offer me the option of using Square.
4	I like this place. Very reasonable prices, staff is fine, and lots of seating and plugs for anyone who want to read, study, etc. Nice, calm atmosphere with delicious looking food. Oh- and their mocha is really tasty!
1	OK, so I had become somewhat of a regular at the 61B and was really enjoying the convenience of a local coffee shop again.  However, my most recent experience wipes away my last glowing review.   Their WIFI never works for me..seriously never ever on any of my devices.  I don't own antiquated technology and use WIFI at a myriad of other places, so it perplexes me why it just doesn't seem to work for me at the 61B. Normally I have my 4G hotspot with me, so no big deal when I can't connect.  But this morning I was there sans hotspot and tried to connect to the 61B WIFI... again nothing worked. I was basically told the issue was with my device, so I left and wont be going back.  If you're going to offer WIFI as a way to entice patrons I think it should work, no?  Also, perhaps being a bit more sympathetic/apologetic about its shortcoming would be advantageous.  It felt like an incredible waste of time to pack my things to do some work and then not be able to connect to (what seemd like) able bodied internet.  Boo! Pretty disappointed that I need to step away from this establishment, at least I'll save a few bucks and calories!
3	Pretty much the same quality and experience that I've had over at 61C in Squirrel Hill. Pros: good coffee, cool decor with character, love the little winding staircase at the back of the building; cons: only 1 (maybe 2- couldn't really see) electrical outlet on the entire wall (the others are even plugged up, as if they didn't want to provide that service to patrons), poor quality of furniture, not very quick service. A little out of my way geographically, so I probably wouldn't travel this far to go here again.
5	I am really enjoying the newest coffee shop in Regent Square. Pros- delicious coffee drinks. Amazing house baked pastries. The chocolate croissants are the best I ever had.Cons-cash only. It's the 2010's.
2	I really liked 61B cafe until ... recently ... they change the cups and they leak ... a lot. Not a big deal if you stay at the store: you can ask for another one. Also, the lids are very thin and not the same at it used to be. So, the coffee spills easily around ... This is so inconvenient when you take your coffee in your car ... good luck for keeping it clean!Also, the size of the pastries decreased seriously while the price stay the same. They are good but now, clearly overpriced. The coffee is also clearly overpriced, I paid more than $2 for something that looks like a small coffee in any other coffee shop in Pittsburgh.Last thing: this is a cash only place ... Common guys, let's be serious, everybody takes the credit card now ... and you have so many solutions to take the card ... at the prices you charge the coffee, there is a lot of margin to pay the credit card processing fees ...
4	61B is a great spot for delicious coffee.  Surprisingly, the smoothies/juices are freshly made (with actual fruits and vegetables) and absolutely delicious as well - I usually go for a smoothie to avoid being tempted by one of the huge cookies that look equally amazing.I've sat and done work there a couple of times, and the atmosphere is quiet, bright, and pleasant.  I especially like that I don't get that 'coffee shop smell' that often permeates my clothes at Coffee Tree Roasters...
2	When I go to a cafe,I judge the quality of the place by judging the decor,the price,the food quality and the service.When I go to a coffee shop,I judge it by the decor and service,since coffee and price are usually comparable across a variety of locations.The decor of 61B is fine,with the exception that the tables are too small and crowded,as someone else has said.Service? I went to two coffee shops while I was visiting in Pittsburgh this week.One was in the Strip,where I was greeted as an old friend and treated as a guest.I tried 61 B Cafe twice.On my first visit,the coffee was fine,the setting was OK,but the young lady who was the only employee, was sour and unwelcoming.She acted as if she didn't want to be there.If I owned 61B ,I would make sure that was the case.I tried it a second time,yesterday,thinking that maybe she was having a bad day on Monday,but it was no better.My advice? Stay in college and go to law school.You don't have much of a career in customer service!
3	The coffee was very good but the service wasn't the best. The gal and only employee wasn't very friendly or personable. The tables are a little rickety and close together. They do have free wifi, so that was awesome. It was a nice day so they had garage door-style windows open. Very cool. I'd return but would hope it was a bit more inviting in terms of service.
