3	I've never really had too many problems in order to rate this place super low, so I'm rating it a 3 star. My mother, on the other hand, ordered food using the free food card, and the kid at the main window had no idea what she was talking about. Then, after she explained to him, she actually had to point out what to do in order to make the payment. After all was said and done, he handed her like 5-8 receipts of other people's orders and said "Here, add these to your card if you can, they were people who didn't want a receipt"  Kind of confused, my mom took the receipts and came home and told me about it. When I then explained to her that it clearly said the account number of the card the money was transferred to, she couldn't use them on herself.I also noticed something too. On the receipt, it showed the last 4 digits of the people's debit cards they used. That was shocking to me! Having been through credit card fraud myself in the past, this worker was putting a lot of these people in fraud danger by handing out their info like hot cakes. Didn't even scratch out their info! Luckily for the 8 people on the receipts, we are kind people, and not the trash that come from Apache Junction who thieve and steal credit cards for a living. We ripped up the receipts and tossed them. As far as everything else goes, the only problem I can think of that I did have once, was I ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl, and one of the pieces of chicken in it was still cold/frozen feeling. I still ate it, and never got sick, and it was just that one single piece of chicken. I've never had anything else happen to me like that.I suggest if you go to this place, make sure you ask for your receipt, even if you don't want it. Even if it is only the last 4 digits of a debit card, that's enough information to figure it out, if a thief really wanted to. Take it from a person who had it happen to her. It's not fun, and it sucks. Other than that little mishap, I'd definitely recommend this place because besides that one worker, everyone else seemed like they passed high school, and always happy and smiling. They also have some of the BEST oreo cookie milk shakes. Yum Yum!
3	Jack is a Jack, the location is clean and its one only late night food stops around this area. Biggest plus is I have ate here 10+ times and have not gotten sick from the food, that is a huge plus!!
1	I haven't been there in a long time because I still think McDonalds is still the best for fast food artery clogging fare. We had a couple coupons so we tried it again. Just not my favorite. The cheese on the burgers tasted like it came out of a can and the fries are not as good as McDonalds. The place was not very clean and there were many flies which makes me disgusted. I will never eat at any Jack in the Box again.
4	Well what can you say about Jack in the Box. It's inexpensive, quick, and doesn't taste like convenient store food. Step above McDonald's in my option, and the drive-thru is accurate and quick.  If you want a meal for under $10 fast, this is your place.
1	I cannot remember the last time I have ordered at this location and actually got what I ordered.  Used to think it was maybe because I would order something special like no onion or no mayo. Well the other night I ordered 2 southwest chicken salads with grilled chicken. Surprise! order wrong again. This time no chicken on either salad. So tired of this.
