2	Maybe I went on a bad night, but the place was absolutely dead. It was, however, a Friday night!It has potential...it's a great, huge space. But, without a crowd, it was kind of lame. Too bad.
4	Love this place!  Best to check the website before you go so you know what is going on the night you are planning to go.  I came on a random Wednesday with my girlfriends for a dink after my birthday dinner.   We did not know it was a mainly gay bar, so we were some of the only females, but everyone was so nice and we danced and had a great time!  It was VERY full the night we came.  We wanted to go back for "Dragaoke", karaoke in drag we assume- but we have not made it yet.  A fun place to go if you have an open mind about what is fun!
5	I love going to Petra's for Trivia Tuesday! It starts every Tuesday at 9pm, but it is best to get there around 8:15 if you want to get a table because it fills up very quickly. Trivia is hosted by Roxy C. Moorecox, a fun and friendly drag queen with a background in musical theatre. Very friendly bartenders and fun for all, regardless of sexual orientation!
4	Such a rad bar. Huge, huuuuuuge, with seemingly disparate themes for each section - but they're all gorgeous and comfy, so it's like drunken treasure hunting, seeing each room's details and decor. The ceiling is carpeted in lamps, which are used to signal Last Call. Awesome.There's a huge projection screen, which is often showing Thriller. Also awesome.There's a decent selection of tap beers leaning a little towards the domestic, priced reasonably, and a full bar with fancy drinks and specials every night of the week, including 6 dollar pitchers a la the Penguin circa 2001.The back yard has a mysteriously tropical-looking tree and fire pits. And benches. It is comfy and hidden from the street, walled with bamboo, like a grown up's secret tiki-fort.People here are friendly and there are events, trivia, shows, DJs most nights of the week. But if Drageoke isn't your jam, there's sure to be space in some well-appointed nook to escape the lights and music and sip your beverage while talking or whatever. Neeto.
4	Oo, I liked this bar.  We went to check it out last night, and it's just about the right size, with lots of different seating options and places to hide out (if so inclined).  Everyone was incredibly friendly, the bartender was nice as hell, and the drinks were good.  We might wish for a more adventurous selection of beers on tap, but I get that Petra's isn't really a beer bar.For a Saturday karaoke night, it was actually a little dead... there were enough people there, but the karaoke wasn't particularly hopping.  Still, I plan on going back again soon, maybe for trivia night... I love a good trivia, and $6 pitchers ain't nothing to sneeze at.Glad this place exists.
4	Cool watering hole with a range of daily themed activities check out their website to see what they are up to. I played the Pyramid game one Thursday and had so much fun!
3	I am never in Plaza Midwood.  There's just not an excuse, and I've started venturing over there because it's sort of the final frontier (well, other than NoDa) for me to explore in Charlotte.Went here randomly after having a delicious dinner at Soul.  Wasn't a member, so there's a $5 non-membership fee (okay...weird Charlotte/North Carolina laws will never make any sense to me!).  It was pretty empty, and by chance it was a comedy/improv night.  Improv scares me...and the concept of improv + small audience frightens me even more.  Surprisingly enough, the group was pretty good at engaging the audience (of 10 people) and was actually funny!Post performance, Petra's was dead again.  As refreshing as it is to actually be able to hear yourself think and converse with people without screaming over the din that usually takes over bars, the overall vibe made me a little sleepy.  It also made me drink more.  Not too sure how I feel about the the random entertainment...aka someone's Mac projecting music videos from youtube for background music, but I'll definitely check it out another night!
4	While I'd like to state that this is a "cool little bar"...I can't...because it's a cool "kinda big" bar! This neat joint is chock full of kitschy decor, well-stocked bar and great theme nights. Whether you're a chill-out kinda drinker, a karoake queen, trivia hound, drag show devotee or theater lover - Petra's has something for you. It's dark and mysterious - full of little rooms all decorated differently.I've had a few different custom made cocktails here and each one was super tasty. Staff is uber friendly and I fully appreciate that (on occasion) they host a local theater production here!Next time I'm in Plaza Midwood, I'll definitely stop back in a Petra's for a solid dose of fun and crafty cocktail.
3	We went to see the Burlesque show on Saturday evening. There are suppose to be two shows (one at 10 the other at 12) but considering there are very few performers 3 ...and the host spent a good 30 minutes with his oddly unfunny "comedy" bits, it's really one show. There was one particularly talented performer who actually had a bit of a story in her routines so I enjoyed that but the others lacked luster. I guess I expected a lot of glitz and glam and overall I was underwhelmed. What I did like was that all girls seemed  confident and that the music selection was great.  The cost was $10 so  I was hoping for a cool show or maybe some cheaper drinks. The drinks were filled with ice and quite small for the $6 vodka soda price. It ended up being a pricier event than I anticipated. I did feel like the host really pushed for drinks - which was off-putting. People were very friendly and overall it seemed like a cool place to hang out. I noticed their website has a lot of events - some which offer super-discounted beverages ($1 beers anyone? )so I will probably give it another shot.
5	Favorite hangout in Plaza Midwood and that's saying something.  Friendly people working at the bar.  The interior is chillin' and there's a lot to see and explore.  Went on a Friday night and saw Ethan Uslan, an amazing pianist who lives here in Charlotte.  He's an old-timey player (ragtime,stride) but plays a little of everything (he can go right from Beethoven into Scott Joplin).  It was perfect for an early start to a Friday night.  Good drink selection.  The bar is beautiful.  Saw some dude drinking Long Island Iced Tea from a pitcher with a straw - crazy man!  Can't wait to return.
4	Nice neighborhood bar.
5	I have never, ever not enjoyed myself at Petra's! Its grown up & sexy, 21 & up, the atmosphere & ambiance are on point and its generally just the perfect place for a night out! Great date night place for an intimate experience, especially for LGBT, but I think anyone could enjoy themselves here!
5	This place is 0ld school cool. Reminds me of an old movie from the 20's. Staff is very friendly and performers remind me of Jill Scott jazz from back in the day. One of my favorite places to grab a drink and chill out.
5	This is a fantastic spot. The big secret? The best out door area in plaza midwood. It is incredible.Of course they have great music, shows, karaoke...but they also have an area to watch debates during the political seasons.The drinks are strong. The people are cool. This is a favorite.
4	This really is not a bad place. The building is pretty cool and I really think it could be more than what it is. It's a perfect spot for plaza mid wood and a business can host parties here, i.e. Christmas, summer, anything really. I will say they also have a great dance floor. Parking as usual is a problem, but this side of town is amazing, so you can walk anywhere if you decide to leave and check out another place.
4	This is a really nice place to relax and enjoy some good music. Cover charge on a Friday night was $7. There was a funk band playing. They were definitely grooving. They don't have any food here but they will allow you to bring in outside meals. The ambience was incredible! I loved it. Good place for a date. Music lovers must experience!
