5	I just want to start off by saying The Lock Lady "Laura" is the best!  Our company needed a locksmith in a bind this February, it was a high stress moment for me and calling Asap lock and Security was a great experience she helped us changing our locks in our office, she was very detailed, knowledgeable I definitely knew i made the right choice . We have now used her services twice, we have recently called back to have our gate locks replaced with a much stronger, durable product that we are extremely happy with, a gate lock that will last !! I am also proud to announce i will be using Asap on a personal level as well,  I am scheduling ASAP to come install an amazing child safety lock on my door  And i do not hesitate referring ASAP to resident, friends and family.                   Truly the best choice around.
5	I am submitting this review just based on how helpful Laura was. I called not really understanding what I needed and she took the time to explain not only what I should be looking for but was honest that her company wasn't the right fit for what I needed. Thanks Laura, I will keep you in mind for future locksmithing needs!
5	We had just moved to Mesa and needed a lock rekeyed, I searched yelp and was wanting a locksmith close by, I called and spoke to Laura at 9am this morning and she was at my door by 11am, I thought wow, excellent service, Laura was very professional and explained everything that needed to be done, the quality of work was outstanding and my overall experience was great
5	She has a flat rate of $80 for vehicle lock-outs.  She arrived right on time.  Fast work.  Honest.  She will be my go - to locksmith in this area.
5	Laura has helped me multiple times for both home and auto.  She is great.  Always on time for appointments and has helped in emergency several times.  Very professional and affordable.  Work is great.  Excellent service.  Wouldn't use anyone else.  I've locked my keys in my trunk a few times so I need her on speed dial.  :-)
