1	Right now Chinatown is having specials $20/hr. This place was $40/hr, he asked for a discount since there were 2 of us - huge discount$20/ 30minutes. Must pay first so when you are done with the 20 minutes - and that wasn't even being massaged the whole time since she talks with her hands & was more interested in her conversation than giving a massage. Do yourself a favor & go elsewhere
1	If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I guess the free panty show deserves a star.So my usual spot was booked and I was with my guy, who doesn't wait for massage services.  I'm a massage therapist.  I'm in business for myself and I understand things fairly well.So it's 9pm on a Saturday night.  The door's open, the neon sign is up and it says "Foot Spa",  it's behind PT's Pub, seems dead.Inside is completely different.  I'm posting a photo.  The entry was empty with no front desk person.  The window to greet a client is covered in lace.  There's licenses and a picture frame with a handwritten paper with pricing.  $35 for one hour.  Immediately we know this is a dirty massage place masked as a foot spa place.  This is NOT a professional reflexology place!  Just RUN.We hear two women talking, in an Asian language, one comes out in heels and short shorts, greets us and we ask for reflexology for one hour.  She lets us into the back, first room looks like an oversized storage closet.  There's three chairs that aren't reflexology chairs with ottomans.  We hear the women arguing, then Shorts comes back with our foot-soaking buckets and asks for the money up front.  We pay.  She disappears. Until the water's almost cold.  They finally emerge from behind their "office" curtain, turn on some music and start working.The second lady had an old woman's voice but was young and pretty and wearing a dress.  To squat on a stool and rub my guy's feet.  He was nose-deep in his cell phone so didn't notice the free panty show until about 10 minutes into the massage.  Flashing her choneys made up for the crap massage.First problem:  besides cold water and uncomfortable chairs is these chicks start working on us with GLOVES on!!  Mine (shorts lady) is using latex, which I'm not fond of.  Dress lady is using PLASTIC FOOD SERVICE GLOVES to massage my guy's feet.  We get spa treatments very often, and have pristinely maintained feet.  Seriously, my guy's feet are super soft.  The plastic gloves were so loud, crunchy crinkle noises the whole time, not relaxing!So the two ladies continue to fight between eachother, Shorts lady only interjecting in English to tell me that my "leg so soff" multiple times.  It was creepy.  Plus she used her fingernails to stroke my legs up to my knees.  The worst part of all of this is they only massaged from the toes to the knees.  No hands, no shoulders, nothing.  After all was said and done, Shorts removes her gloves and runs her hands up my calf with her bare hands because they're "so smoove"Hands down worst reflexology massage, ever.  At least we escaped for less than $100My advice, unless you're a fan of brothels, don't bother!  I wish they would just license these places as brothels and keep massage's name out of the equation.
