2	Pizza was just plain, nothing special. I have always feel when you make a pizza, something needs to be special! Sauce, dough, or cheese? Something! Their pizza has absolutely nothing special, nothing to brag about.
1	First off, they don't even deliver! Wtf!! Pizza is hands down the worst in surprise. Ate there once and that was enough for us. Service was horrible. Dominos is way better
3	Good pizza ...family likes it ! 2XL pizza's for aprx. $20
2	Crust was overcooked and only mediocre flavor. Won't eat again
3	Gave this place another chance! Daughter said she likes their pizza at another location. Wife and I was on the go so we decided to stop off and get a slice each! Wife has not eaten here yet, so this is her first time. We both had a slice of pepperoni pizza and shared a large diet coke. I asked them to cook it well done so we can have that crispy crust. I do have to admit that it was a lot better this time. Sauce seem to have a better taste? It was very greasy! Wife does not like that, but I do!!!!!! Gave them an extra star!!!(horay!!!) Probably will come back again? Who knows, if we have another good experience maybe they will get another star?
4	The pizza is okay, I still like Barro's better, but US pizza has some good wings. The delivery has bee fast and the staff is always friendly.
1	This place sucks balls. I can't believe it is still open. I went here one day while I was installing a alarm system in a house around the area. Took them 45 min to bring out 2 slices of pizza by that point i was going to walk out the door. blandest pizza i have ever tasted. i don't know how this place is still open. never again. horrible service, horrible food.
5	Very good pizza. Went in and got a dozen wings and a large combination pizza. The pizza had good flavor and the wings were good too. The service is AWESOME! They also have 2 flat screens with sports, that's always a plus. I definitely recommend this 1 Brothers Pizza!
4	I experienced fast, friendly service and yummy pizza. Got a large pepporoni for two kids and myself and it filled us up. give it a shot.
2	Been to 1 Brothers (3) times hoping it would get better.  It is in a great location for us, next to Frys and about 2 minutes from our house.  It's definitely average.  There is nothing special about the pizza or the wings.  Not bad, but nothing to look forward to.  The restaurant is clean, plenty of seating with tvs strategically located.There has been a rude lady at the register/counter each time we've gone.  Not sure if that's "just how she is," but we expect SOME kind of positive customer service.  She was talking on the phone (2) times we were there and waited to end her conversation before acknowledging us.  There has always been one guy in back cooking (in my experience) and he was also the one that brought our pizza out to us.There is limited parking directly in front, but it is in the mini strip mall area at Prasada Frys Marketplace, so you can park close enough.  It's never crowded, but not a surprise, its not that good!Would be "ok" if you want to "fill the hole" are in the mood for pizza to grab a couple slices, but definitely NOT what we look to for family pizza night out or even "to go."  They don't offer delivery, but their pizza and service is average, so wouldn't ask for it anyway.Such a shame, we TRIED to make it OUR PIZZA JOINT!We go 10 minutes out of our way to pick up Lucky's Pizza......PERFECTION if you're looking for delicious, New York-style pizza with fresh ingredients.  (See my Lucky's review ;)
2	Not bad pizza, I like the twice cooked to add veggies for supreme, but they were a little too under cooked.  If the idea of reheated cheese pizza with the toppings you request added when reheating is ok with you, then you may like it.  I do like it, it makes the crust yummy, but you have to get the veggies soft a little...  The salad was good, pretty fresh, friendly customer service. I will be back when I need a single slice pizza fix, but if it is consistently like what I had, I may not keep going...
3	The food was decent.  My friend and I had the meatball sub and marinara chicken sub.  I know this is stereotyping but being served food my real Italians I expected more spice and flavor in the food.  The alcohol selection is small but has the essentials (beer and wine). I want to go back and check out the pizzas before I write this place off.
1	The pizza and wings are real good, however the service and atmosphere makes it difficult to continue to go back, but I end up going back since the pizza is good.Update December 2014... they are by far the worst in customer service. They wouldn't even take the yelp coupon.
2	i ordered a large italian sub and a large sicilian special, both were coated in black on the crust.....clean your ovens......the sub may just have been the worst i have ever ate....subway is better ( if that means good : ( ) the pizza itself was just ok.....the staff was nice but unfortunatley that's not enough to take me back again
1	Ordered pizza for pick up - the woman on the phone said she would hold my order 10 mins since i wouldn't be able to get there for 20 and i told her this - she said it will be ready in 20 mins. Pizza picked up, got home - pizza BARELY warm -- clearly she didn't hold it at all since when i asked how long for pizza she said 10 mins when I called. The wings....ALL wings were flappers - not 1 drumstick wing! And they were overcooked and soggy (which means they sat as well).I called and spoke to the woman I placed my order with and she told me the pizza came out of the oven 5 mins ago....NOT A CHANCE! And the I told her that all the wings were the flappers and 2 of the wings were actually just a bone...not even any meat on them! She told me that she made the wings and they are the same for every customer. Then she told me to bring the pizza back and she would make me a new one --- ummmm NO THANKS! I have a hungry family, its after 7pm, you already failed at the only thing you do and then you lied to me and the whole time you are yelling....that's ok - I would rather tell customers to beware of BAD PIZZA, WORSE WINGS and horrible cust service before they waste their time and money. Go to Federico's next door...
1	Avoid this place. Home of cold pizza and over cooked chicken wings that are left to drowned in sauce to get soggy. Customer service is absolutely horrible! Good luck if you choose to try. Better off just getting Frys pizza next door
3	3.1/5 Stars - Pizza is slightly above average if you consider pizza hut average. The best one on the menu is the meatball pizza. As for the comments regarding service my experience has been the complete opposite. I go in there once a month and the cashier has always been very nice to me.
4	Delicious calzones and meatball subs!
3	Decided to try this pizza joint as it is very close to our house.  I have to say the pizza was delicious and the antipasti salad very good. The reason for the mediocre review is that they don't take American Express.  You cannot truly maintain that you have good customer service if you don't offer my fist choice Of credit card payment. I want my points and nothing makes me more irritated than when I'm out and prepared to drop $ on dinner for the family and I have to use my back up card that I don't get my points on and never have a balance on... For this reason alone I will not be back. Businesses think, "everyone has a back up card, we won't loose any business." but I guarantee that this  is not true.  I wonder how many other customers you have lost for the same reason. Is it worth the few pennies you save in rate...? Let me explain... My bill was $30, so at a rate of 2.5% = 75 cents.  Lets assume Amex is slightly higher at 3% = 90 cents.  Even at 3.5% its only $1.05. 30 cents savings and a lost customer = bad business decision. I could have been someone who came in once a week to order pizza. The savings is NOT worth losing a possible new loyal customer AND when there are so many other choices why would you want to put yourself at any sort of competitive disadvantage.
1	Okay so first time I had their pizza I was waiting to get a hair trim next door and figured I'd grab a slice. There was no pizza ready so I had to sit there waiting for one slice of pizza which defeats the purpose calling it NY style. Soooo I get my slice and it was bland, hardly any sauce, and the crust was like cardboard. I usually go to Ray's Pizza, but because this place is so close I wanted to really like this place. I thought that maybe it was just a bad slice and next time I'll get a pie. I order a pie and go pick it up in 15 mins as they told me to do. The pizza is siting on the counter just getting cold. When i got it home I had to throw it in the oven. Again, no flavor and very little sauce. I gave up on this place pizza wise. I can go to Ray's which is further away and my pizza is still hot when I get it home. Anyway, while watching football I was craving some wings and thought eh why not. Maybe (fingers crossed) they have decent wings. So I order 12 wings. Now I should have sensed trouble when they handed me this tiny bag. So basically a burger size box had all the wings. Again, cold... The wings were so tiny and dry... I give up. I rather drive to Ray's or Lucky's.
5	Went there to support my local community establishment & decided to give #1 Brother Pizza.  I ordered the baked ziti I thought it was a complete meal to my dismay the salads are only available if you eat in . I felt shorted there's no reason they can't box a salad or offered me the antipasta salad. Nothing worse than dinner missing a salad.  Don't you think so.    As for the Ziti the noodle very soggy no meat in there just a complete disappointment. If your going to offer it make it a complete meal including a salad I could of ate it while waiting for my dinner. You also need to make garlic toast instead of sandwich roll. The sauce tasted like tomato paste bland & acid tang. Very disappointed. So the next day spoke to Al or Alex He hooked me up with the best Capstone ever Thank you very much.   Sincerely Von
1	Tried a large sausage pizza with my wife and I will never go back. Very bland and greasy and there was very little topping I do not prefer them.
1	I give this place a -10! I ordered two pizzas last night. They smell amazing. I get home and the pizza is burnt! I call them and the man who answered the phone knew exactly who I was, and said I knew those were burnt. He puts me on hold to speak to the manager then comes back on the phone and says his manager said I can bring he pizza back and she would give me a $5 credit for another pizza!!! The outrage, I asked to speak to her. I asked her how they would let me take the pizza home knowing they were burnt. She said they pizzas were not burnt but well done, wth! First and last time I will ever go there!
2	The only good thing about this place was the price.  The value is good...but you get what you pay for.  The pizza was greasy and the sauce had no flavor.  The wings had hardly any meat on them.  My 5 year old only ate one piece and then said that his tummy hurt.  He usually eats at least 4 pieces of pizza!  We will not be returning.
2	I like to let you know I had a yelp 5 dollar  off for this location.  I tried to use it and they did not honor it. Felt was trick ed but the pizza was ok.  But I will take my business elsewhere next time.
