2	So this Thanksgiving, my boyfriend's mom and I were making dinner.  I wanted to make stuffing, but honestly, I didn't have the time considering I had just flown in from the Bay Area the same day.  So, I went to Marie Callenders to get some take out stuffing.  While we were there, the service was very unfriendly.  I walked in looking confused not really knowing where to go.  No one asked if I needed help or anything.  After I figured it out and walked up to the Take-Out counter, I asked for stuffing and the guy and lady at the counter both said "Oh, go outside."  in a rude and unhelpful tone.  Then, the girl who was working outside on the cash register was very unfriendly.  I guess standing out in 50 something degree weather isn't so fun, but at least don't be rude!  Anyways, the stuffing turned out to be ok.  It did the job of satisfying my craving, but definitely not like home cooked stuffing.
3	******F.Y.I.******The Marie Callenders on West Flamingo is currently running a wine promotion!!!!!!!!!!  EVERY Wednesday EVERY bottle of wine is 1/2 price when dining in.   I noticed a bottle of Chateau St. Michelle Riesling was regularly $19, on Wednesdays $9.50!  Not a bad deal for wine--especially at a restaurant  (grocery store price around $8).------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Being from the east coast, I have only experienced Marie Calleder's food from the frozen aisles of the grocery store.  I like the frozen lasagna.  So we went Tuesday evening for the first time!All of the food was delicious!  I got the Chicken Macaroni & Cheese and it was enough for three people to eat for only $16 (I added the salad bar).  It came with garlic bread that my boyfriend loved!  I only made one trip to the salad bar and it was decent.  The ingredients looked and tasted fresh.  There was a nice selection of salad dressings; an okay selection of salad toppings; good selction of pasta salads; and 2 of 3 soups were available.  I tried the Cheddar Potato soup--tasted exactly like scalloped potatoes; my boyfriend loved it!He got the Cobb salad tossed w/ranch dressing.  Huge portion!  It looked fresh and he said it was very good.The service was not nearly as good as the food.  As we walked in, the hostess behind the counter just looked at us with a question mark all over her face.  It wasn't busy AT ALL but, we managed to stand in the foyer for about 2-3 minutes (easily).  While our server was friendly and unintrusive, she neglected to ask how our food was, ask if we needed anything, and didn't bring our check out (even though she did bring me a "doggy bag").  The restaurant was clean and inviting for a casual dining experience.
4	I love Marie Callender's and this one didn't disappoint me.  The service was quick and friendly.   The food was great and the portions are good.   Eating here is always a good value.
4	I Finally got my PIE! I showed up late like 9pm and they were out of everything but lemon.I asked if they would make me a fresh one and without hesitation they said yes.20 minutes later I walked out with a fresh chocolate creme pie for $6.99+tax/tin.Great for after dinner better better for breakfast.
4	Had breakfast here last Monday.  For $4.99 I got a huge standard breakfast of eggs, sausage, and pancakes.  The really, really cool waitress Lori kept the coffee flowing and brought the food out fast, hot, and was totally on point. I personally believe she has set the bar for the best service I've ever had in a restaurant, esspecially in a chain restaurant like Marie Callenders.  They even give you some free tasty blueberry coffeecake to go with your coffee, now that was a nice touch!  The food was OK, but the service combined with the food at this location was so top notch I can only give it no less than 4 stars.  I left this restaurant very happy, satisfied, and alittle surprised, all thanks to the best service i've ever had anywhere.
4	I went to get breakfast and got a WHOLE lot for such a small price. I got a free blueberry-banana loaf for starters. The food came out quickly and the server was nice. I had a breakfast sandwich, which tasted great. After finished with my meal the server comes over to tell me it's pie day, and they are giving away a slice of any pie! I was so full but I couldn't pass up free pie! I got the pumpkin pie with whipped cream. I walked out of that restaurant so full! They know how to treat customers.
4	I had never tried a Marie Callenders pie until the pie days promo last summer. At my office they are such pie fiends they keep a collection of pie tins at the office for "pie fridays". I tried the peach pie with fresh in season peaches and it was incredible! Fresh peaches, fresh piped on whipped cream - YUM! For the person who complained about the fact they charge you $.80 for the tin - honestly get over it. You can save the tins, and then you don't get charged next time! It's better for the environment than using plastic pie containers and you get a nice tin out of the deal!
3	I came here to grab a snack last night after watching a show. It's been cooling down to the lower 100's lately so I thought soup sounded nice! I ordered the Potato Cheese soup it was creamy and had little chunks of potatoes in it. It was good but not great ..if you want the real deal better stick to Claim Jumpers.I ordered a Arnold Palmer (half iced tea and half lemonade) for my drink ...that didn't taste good. I usually drink the Arizona Tea Arnold Palmers and that was much better than this. Our waitress was rather slow when it came to giving refills so I'm glad I didn't gulp down my drink. I then ordered a piece of Strawberry Pie to soothe my sweet tooth. Their Strawberry Pie is always yummy ..especially that sugar cookie tasting crust! If all else fails the pie always prevails!
2	Soo.... where do you go for break up eating ... anywhere with PIE. My friend Susan and I , had gone to see Le Reve and after we were a little hungry.  We stopped in at Marie Callendars (see aforementioned break up eating for PIE) I was a little concerned about the funky smell when we entered the door ... it smelled like a backed up sewer or grease trap that was over full... (bleh)I ordered the Cheesy Potato Soup so that PIE would not be a big deal . I ordered an Ice tea to drink which our waitress.. whom I do not know her real name ... but she should really find another job because... really... I would have rather had someone who enjoyed their job serving me. She seemed offended that we needed extra time for decisions and drinks took forever.  NO REFILLS ... she didn't even check ... (WTH)I was furious! I had to ASK for glass of water since she wouldn't refill my tea.  (grrr)The soup... was ok.. The pie was ... ok .. .but I think I should have ordered chocolate not strawberry. Totally disappointed as break-up pie was needed. This is what girls go and do when they are sad... and it only made me sadder (lol)I don't think this is Marie Callendars as a whole.. but this location ... for sucked!Will not be back to this location at all.. the waitress REALLY left me feeling like I was not valued as a customer. she must not value tips either.ok enough about the waitress.... the only other thing I noticed is that Marie Callendars has cut their menu down ALOT.  The pie selection is not as great as it was.. and I think that if I am going for pie ... I will go to CoCo's next time.
2	Staff doesn't know she should ask if people in a group want to pay individually or in a big bill when check out. Wasted a LOT of time waiting to redo the bills, twice. Disapointed.
2	Marie Callenders has kickass pie. Sadly I was not able to enjoy said pie on my last visit, I was far too annoyed with the craptacular service we received to spend anymore time waiting for pie. Myself, my boss and two of my coworkers decided to go to Marie Callenders for lunch, we were all having the soup and salad bar with iced tea. Very simple order, we should have been an easy tip for our waitress.. If she put in any effort at all that is... Once we were seated in an almost empty dining room (only two other tables with customers), it took over 5 minutes for our waitress to come over and take our drink order. She said she would bring the drinks right over as well as the complimentary cornbread while we went to the salad bar. The four of us all went through the salad bar to get our salads, took them back to our table, went back up for bowls of soup and were seated before she came out with our drinks and bread. Only... not really. The cornbread she brought out with our drinks was given to the table next to us. We also had to take two sets of silverware off of an empty table near us, as our waitress didn't even ensure we all had proper eating utensils. I was thirsty so I drank half of my iced tea as soon as I got it. Then I worked on my salad, waiting for the cornbread to enjoy with my soup. And waiting. And waiting. And drinking more of my tea... Finally, we have cornbread. And my glass is 2/3 empty. An attentive waitress would have noticed, this one did not.I ended up drinking half of a coworkers drink because the waitress neglected our table for so long. We had to get her attention as she delivered the check to the other table to get a refill. By this point, my boss (who was paying) was fed up and had his credit card out. Who knows how long it would have taken to get the check. If the place was busy... or even if the waitress has a decent attitude... waiting for a refill and then check wouldn't be a deal-breaker for me. But it wasn't, and she didn't... And while the salad bar and soup were ok, they weren't THAT great.  I won't be back.
2	We ordered the chicken pot pie special. I liked the pie crust a lot. It was perfectly baked, but the stuffing in the pot pie was not good at all. It was salty and way too thick. We also ordered a cheese burger with the meal, because I am just hungry . The burger was better than McDonald's. On the other hand, the fries was hot and fresh. The apple pie I was waiting for to be the highlight of my meal turned out to be another disappointment. it was tasteless, apple was too crunchy, and not enough sugar. We both agree we would never pay $45 for a meal like this and come in here again. Don't you hate it when you have to ask for refill on iced tea when your waitress saw a empty glass twice already.
4	I was in the mood for some home-style food, instead of the popular burger and fries thing. I ordered the Country-Fried Steak dinner. It wasn't pleasant. The steak on the edges tasted like it had freezer burn. Once in the middle of the meat it tasted ok. Major turn off from ever getting anything like that again. Thank goodness the potatoes were good. The stuffing I took a few bites, and I couldn't eat anymore..I am pretty finicky on stuffing and at least I tried it, but it isn't for me...So of course you have to have dessert at Marie Calenders so I got the Cheesecake Topped with Oreo Cookies. That was incredible! I will love to grab another slice of that one day! It was a huge slice too!
3	What a difference good service makes! I had said I wouldn't be back, but my boss wanted a pot pie and when the boss is buying lunch, you don't argue with him about where to go... Thankfully this visit was a complete 180 from the last visit. Our waitress was on top of her game. She brought me refills before I was even ready to ask for them. She bought out a second serving of still-steaming cornbread. She had our check in her hand as we were about to ask for it... Adding a star for much better service this time around...
