2	I don't really know why I have been to this place more than once. But because I have, I feel confident in my low score.First of all, no matter when you come in - lunch hour or in the middle of the afternoon when there's no one in there at all - you have to wait forever!  How long does it seriously take to put cream cheese on a bagel?Secondly, i don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. The sandwhich combinations aren't the best. And their everything bagels have an overpowering rye taste --- this might be a preference issue. But alas. I am not going back. I mean it this time. For serious.
1	I agree with Dani. This Einsteins Bagels is slow! I went here this morning just to pick up a Hate to Wait Basket and I had to wait for the Hate to Wait Basket. First,  I had to wait in a long line until the Bagel Man decided to take the guy's order 3 people ahead of me. Before than he was dilly dallying around throwing bagels in the slicer. Second, it seemed that they were preparing a big order, because I had to wait again until the manager was free to pick the bagels to throw in the basket. Does it really take 3 people out of 5 to prepare one order. To top it off, the cashier was making small talk to the police officer in front of me. He was telling him his woes of ringing up the order and how sometimes how he needs to be creative in typing in the order. PLEASE, shut up and let the man pay for his grub!! Don't get me wrong. I like small talk, but not when folks are trying to get their day started.
1	This place has the worst customer service ever.  The employees would rather be doing anything, but helping customers.  They always have their back to the door and the counter, so they don't see when customers walk in, or when they are standing at the counter to order. I was there last week, and to walk into the restaurant, I had to walk by 2 employees taking their break outside of the store.  They were sitting at the tables (for customers) along with 4 other people, smoking  right next to the front door.  They were inches from the NO SMOKING sign issued to all chandler businesses, and were wearing their Einstein bagel uniforms.  This is so unprofessional.   You can definitely tell they do not enjoy their jobs.  The customer is not a priority to them, we as customers are more of a bother.
2	The food is fine - it's bagels for crying out loud! The problem here is two-fold: 1) the layout of the place is bad, causing you to queue in the dining area and then wait for your food while you're in the way of customers coming in, going out or getting beverages; 2) as others state - the service is horrible!Convenient but poor service.
3	i come here almost every other morning to pick up a bite to eat before i head towards my long boring day at work. Since i have time on my hands i do not mind the slow service. yes this Einsteins bagels is a GREAT deal slower than the one off of mcClintock and Guadalupe and actually now that i think of it once they screwed up my order and didnt realize til i was 15 minutes down the street :|majority of the time they are just average. if they screw up my order one more time though im sticking to the mcclintock and quadalupe location. Fast and Efficient. Like jennifer said though...its not severe enough to keep me from returning. i just want my bagel and honey butter for the day!
3	I come here every so often to pick up lunch. I always get the same thing everytime... Turkey Bagel Thin and a Large Iced Tea. I like the yummy spread they put in the sandwich and the fruity tea they have available at the beverage station. I haven't had a problem with service being slow; my sandwich is usually ready by the time I'm done filling up my tea. But then again, I always go in around 11am.
4	I don't understand the bad reviews for this place.. It was very clean the employees were very nice and the service was fast... I haven't been to an Einstein's in years I used to go with my gf every morning when I lived in Fort Lauderdale..  I had the Spinach Egg Bacon Panini it's the same thing I always get and it was just as good as ever...  I miss Einstein's....
4	I went in recently because there were 2 coupons for free coffee drinks in the ads that come in the mail on Wednesdays. Free - gratis - no purchase required, I noticed they had a complete remodel of the store which is now brighter and more colorful since last I was there 2 years ago. Then at the cashier I noticed a loyatty card that offers 2 more free coffees up front, then if you buy 3 coffees after that until Dec 2011 and get it punched you turn the whole card in for 1 more free coffee.
2	First they got my order wrong (#4 breakfast combo). It involved crediting my CC back, me signing something, then recharging my CC.  Which is fine. Then, they rushed out the breakfast sandwich to me, and I had to ask about my fruit cup and coffee which was included. They're coffee was weak sock water!  As soon as I saw it, I poured it out.  I drank they're "dark roast", because it looked semi decent.  Plus they serve egg sandwiches and there's no ketchup?!  The one at the Hyatt iss way better.  Overall an unpleasant experience.
4	Einsteins is super close to our home and we usually go here on Saturday or Sunday morning about 1x a week.  The staff has always been friendly and my wife and I can usually find a table on the weekends to sit down. I generally get the everything bagel with chive cream cheese with adding a tomato and cucumbers..p.s. You can add a couple of veggies at no cost on your bagel.My wife generally gets the lox bagel..quite expensive for a piece of lox but it makes her happy!Overall I do like the bagels here and have tried many bagel places throughout my years. Sometimes you will get alot of cream cheese on a bagel and others you will get a small taste..if I am paying a few bucks for a bagel/cream cheese I would like a lot on. Overall we like coming here on the weekends!
3	I love Einstein's and I like to stop in on occasion.  We visit this location off and on when we are headed to Chandler Fashion mall.  This place is always clean and the staff is very friendly.The food I had today wasn't the greatest, but I was also expanding outside my usual.  They also messed up my order a little which was annoying but i was too tired to really care at the time.Overall, definitely a great place to eat and one that i am sure we will be back to again.
1	This place is a disaster. Stopped for lunch right at noon. The entire staff was in the back while the line kept building. Five minutes before anyone came out. The food was mediocre and the staff was very disorganized. Appeared to me that some definite training is in order.
4	Super excellent bagel. Cinnamon sugar or pretzel YUM. Try the strawberry / banana smoothie! Run out early so get there early!
4	Fresh bagels and coffee in the morning
4	This is the first Einstein's I have been in that just has garlic on their garlic bagel! Love it!!! Every other Einstein's years back started putting sesame seeds on the garlic bagels. That was a frustrating change since I love garlic and strongly dislike sesame. But they are still good enough that I manage to overlook that. Imagine my delight today when I ordered a garlic bagel and it was just that, no sesame seeds. I hope they will all adopt this at all locations in the near future. It makes me a happy girl! =)
4	I stop in about three times a week to this location and I am always satisfied with the speed, price, cleanliness, and friendliness of the staff. I know with a certainty that I can get in and out with my order in under 5 minutes, which other restaurants do not share the consistency. I am mildly obsessed with the bagel sandwiches...(insert Homer Simpson thinking about donuts) I prefer the ham, egg, and sharp cheddar on a cheddar jalapeno bagel. I know, I know, I really need to stop being so health conscious. HA!
3	Love their sesame bagel
1	This location really gives bagel places a bad name. I don't know why I continue to keep trying and going back to this establishment. Probably because it is right across the street from work.No matter what I order a bagel with cream cheese or a egg and cheese on a bagel it just takes forever.This morning I literally walked out when I was online. They had about 6 people waiting to order for over 10 minutes!Secondly, I don't love their food that takes 6 hours to make. that is being handled by ex cons working there and people who do not care about their I am not going back. I mean it this time. For real I will be going to chompies which is a mile away and get better, faster, and product.
5	The service at this location is unbeatable!
2	This location is very disappointing.  The last time I went, they were out of the coffee I always come for, every table was dirty, and the guy at the counter definitely doesn't belong in customer service.  I don't even think he said hi when I approached the counter, just waited for me to order - awkward.  I will say, I could drink the Vanilla Hazelnut coffee and eat the Lox & Bagel everyday for the rest of my life.  Since this one is closest to where I live, I really hope they fix a couple things so it could be as great as the other locations.
3	it's a bagel shop with bagels, some more bagels and then some more of them. Still need a review? :)
1	Attaching picture. Cut was not even and there is a black edge on the bagel. The amount of cream cheese is extremely tiny. Would it kill them to put more than a tiny thin layer of creamcheese on the bagel. And cut it down the center straight. What else does a bagel place really have to do
3	One word for this location - slow!  If it's a morning weekend rush, there needs to be a little urgency when you're making bagels.  If the line is 10+ people deep, let's get some of the additional help from the back.  It's a clean and big location, but the service is extremely slow.  You know what to expect from einsteins and the bagels are fresh as always.  Make sure you have a little more time when you stop here.
3	Well I read the reviews before going and decided, it's a bagel place, how can you mess that up? I was kinda wrong.I ordered two bagels toasted with smear and two iced coffees.... The bagels came out and while the other cashier was making my drinks, he was intermittently taking other customers orders... So I got my bagels within 2 minutes and my drinks took about 8 minutes.... By the time I got to my bagel it was cold :(
2	I don't like giving negative reviews but this week really got under my skin. I went twice in one week and both time they screwed up my order. The first time they forgot my bagels. The second, it was bad. I ordered a pretzel bagel, with veggie garden schmear, avocado and turkey. Sounds amazing, right? What I got instead was a pumpkin bagel. Talk about a disgusting mess. Sorry Einstein's, I won't be back for a while until you get your affairs in order.
1	I like Einstein's Bagels but this location is horrible, slow, always out of coffee and seasonal bagels, mean manager and dirty. Will not come back to this location.
1	This place has really has the worst customer service ! The manager and his staff are rude and obnoxious. And it's not just a one-off occurrence. They have also screwed up my order several times.Read the other reviews, they all complain about pathetic customer service at this particular location. Avoid this place unless you really want to spoil your early mornings and start off with a bad feeling in your stomach.
1	Horrible customer service everytime. Rude and very slow. They are almost always out of several flavors of bagels, really is it that hard to figure out that people are going to order plain bagels everyday.
