3	This is a welcome addition to the ever blossoming food scene that is Pittsburgh and now Lawrenceville. After many years of being told that Lawrenceville was the "next shadyside" but without the cost it seems that this may finally be occurring.  Sure there is many points of view with respect to gentrification... oh wait... this is supposed to be a food review not a sociological diatribe...sorry...So, we stopped here last night around 730 after I read a quick blurb from China Millman in the Post.  It seemed like my kind of place with unique food and tapas style dining.  It's on 35th St. on Butler street a few blocks from where Butler turns into Penn.  The front is a very nice gated courtyard with plenty of outdoor seating.  There wasn't anything available out front so we were seated inside.  There is an upstairs with a deck I believe, but didn't get a chance to try that out.  We were greeted quickly by a young Asian guy (Alan I think?), who was nice enough to complement me on my "super size my foie gras" t shirt (wrong on so many levels) and he seated us in the back in a small open type booth with some 20 somehting hipsters next to us.  There are two bars on your right as you enter the first is more of a liquor bar and the second is a longer bar that is more of a sushi and yakatori (bite sized marinated beef, chicken, etc.) type bar.  As far as I know this is the only yakotori joint in the city.  Perfect for you no carb nuts.  The lighting is dark and intimate and the feel is slick and contemporary.  Annie said it reminded her of places in NYC when she was there for years in law school.  The server greets us quickly.  He's a young hipster whose name is Ian.  We take some time and order our drinks.  Annie has a stiff vodka/tonic and I get a little more adventorous and try the tamari-tini on the rox tasted like a manhattan to me but made with plum wine.  We start by ordering what seems like a ton of skewers (the name on the menu, but definitely fashioned after Japanese yokotori.  Don't get fooled by the cost they are about $2 each, but you only get about 2 bites from each one.  We tried the chix, beef, shrimp, clamari, mushroom and quail egg wrapped with bacon.   They were all served with a chimichurri, ponzo butter, and ginge dipping sauce.  The ponzo was the best sauce.  The chicken, mushroom, shrimp and calamari were all good, but forgettable.  The quail egg wrapped in bacon was by far the best and the beef was also really good.  I also tried there take on ceviche, trying the white tuna, salmon and octopus.  Again cheap price, but very small portions.. THe ceviche is served with peppers, onion and cilantro on a tiny piece of toast.  The sauce overwhelmed the delicate flavor of the seafood and this was a bit of a miss for me.  The fresh seafood should be the main attraction, with just a hint of the acidity from the citrus.  I then ordered 6 raw oysters and an oyster shooter.  These were japanese oysters and served on a lovely plate with some fish eggs, but for me they just didn't stack up as well to other domestic oysters I enjoy.  The oyster shooter was not that good either.  It was served in a cocktail glass half full with this overpowering sauce.  I guess I was just expecting a shot glass with vodka, and tobasco.  Finally I had the pork belly entree.  This was really good.  Spicy braised pork belly, beautifully plated with perfectly cooked pearl potatoes.  We shared a piece of delicious chocolate cake almost flourless infused with cayenne pepper from "dozens" next door.  It was really good.  I was impressed with the service and overall experience especially since they've only been open two weeks.  This is a good new addition and I'm sure if I made some better choices it would have earned four stars.  I'll be back again.  One last note keep in mind it is easy to spend $100 on dinner for two here even though many items are only a couple bucks, because of the portion sizes.  I prefer to eat many different small interesting bites, so I don't mind... But, these are not traditional "Pittsburgh" portions.
3	I have Celiac disease, so going out to eat is a lot of work, for me, for the people at the restaurant. I asked the waiter if they cooked with tamari, as their name seemed to indicate--which would be great, as I could then only avoid panko, which is easy enough--but they cook with regular soy sauce. I now call the restaurant Soy Sauce. The waiter was attentive and tried to keep gluten out of whatever I ordered, and was communicative with me and the chef. He really tried. All was well at the beginning, but we ordered more food and there was a dusting of panko on my sushi roll, yikes! He did bring me tamari instead of soy sauce to dip. Overall, it was decent. Next time, I'm going to be more vigilant and call ahead and sit at the end of the booth so I can pepper him with questions, even if it's noisy, which it inevitably is. No dustings of panko, pulllease. Panko dustings aside, The food was good. I'll go back and try it again.
4	Interesting if only for the crowd; trendy 30-40s, which seems absent from most of the places I've seen.I don't know if I'd call it fusion; they have some latin items (ceviche), and some asian items (sushi), but not everything is necessary a mix of the two.  I didn't expect the sheer variety on the menu, and was really pleased by it; the sushi is good enough that I'd be happy just having it, the skewers - whose name escapes me right now - were delighting the couple sitting next to us.  The entrees were actually the least impressive part of the meal; 3 stars there.  The desserts were absolutely phenomenal, from a deep friend banana cheesecake to a green tea, bean curd, and coconut icing cake with 10+ layers to it.    Easily 5 stars on the dessert; I'd leave another restaurant to come here again for a final course.  Great happy hour specials, apparently.
4	Tamari has a great special from 10 pm to 12 am where the Robata skewers and ceviche are $1.00 each. This is a really great opportunity to try the food without committing to a pricey dinner. We tried the chicken, calamari, and shrimp skewers. All were really delicious, particularly the chicken, which came with grilled asparagus. I also liked the contrast of the three dipping sauces. We tried the California roll, and it was good and fresh tasting. Not a bad price at $6.00. Overall, the menu is very creative and a welcome change for the  Pittsburgh dining scene. However, I would have to agree that the menu is more split between Asian items and Argentinian items, rather than a true fusion of the two cuisines. The drink menu is reasonably priced, with glasses of wine for $7.00, The signature cocktails, which are creative and sophisticated, are typically priced at $9. The decor of Tamari is very sophisticated, with Asian influences that reflect the theme of the restaurant. The crowd was relaxed, with a variety of casual to formal in dress. Our server was friendly, thoughtful, knowledgeable and attentive. Tamari is a truly upscale and innovative restaurant, without being pretentious or over priced. For me, this is a winning combination that I will be sure to visit again and again.
5	i must have had an exceptional experience here, because i'm surprised at all the 3 + 4 star reviews.they have a few locations to eat (patio, lounge, bar, dining room or at the kitchen)  since it was just two of us, we decided to sit at the kitchen.  which is a tiny little kitchen kind of setup like a sushi counter.  we ordered a few appetizers, a few rolls and a bunch of grill skewers.  all of it was quite delicious.  maybe it's because of our up-close-and-personal proximity to the chefs cooking our food or maybe they were just having a great night, but i must admit, i really was impressed with tamari.  and the best part was that it's 'relatively' inexpensive.  will update when i get a chance to go back.
5	Having tried most of the top restaurants in Pittsburgh (and in NYC), I can safely say that this is one of my favorites. The dishes are creative (a rarity in our fine city) and always delicious. I've now been here twice and have every intention of going back. I highly recommend the various Ceviches (especially the Octopus), the Robata Grill Bacon & Quail Egg (unlike anything I've had before), the Lamb Lollipops (cooked just right), and the Tamari sushi roll (an explosion of flavor). And, speaking of sushi, I think I need to go back and just try that all the different rolls...they all look amazing!Enjoy.  PS. Don't forget to order dessert....made fresh next door at Dozen.
1	We had a party of 8. Unfortunately this place does not take reservations. We were told our wait would be an hour which is completely acceptable. When the hour and a half mark came and we were still standing it was starting to become a little irritating. We asked how much longer and were were assured it wouldn't be much longer. So another half hour passes and STILL no seats. So finally we tell them we will sit in separate areas and this got us instant seating. It would seem pushing two tables together wouldn't be all that hard, but who am I? Anyway, our waiter was a complete snob and was about as friendly as a wall. Let me also add that we were sitting CLEAR in the back of the restaurant while our friends were outside in the front. Our waiter was now serving BOTH tables. How does this make any sense? So back to our rude waiter...the place is obviously very clickish. The asian man who was the Main guy or whatever was at certain tables delivering food and just chatting them up and laughing and having fun while we didn't even get as much as a nod hello. The waiter, who also had a table behind us talked up about the decadent meals and such. We were given a suggestion but not told how decadent anything was. Guess we don't go there enough and I mean why bother making someones first trip pleasant, right? I had pork belly and it was disgusting. Fatty, cold, and hardly a tapas size portion. My potatoes were cold as well. Maybe I was there on an off night, I don't know. In looking at these other reviews I would have to think maybe, but I won't be giving them another chance.
4	I like Tamari - it's hip, young, and has lots of interesting dishes.  The atmosphere is fun, and I like the crowd - it makes me feel like I'm somewhere other than Pittsburgh, which on some nights, is a real plus.The chef has some really inventive dishes on the menu.  I personally am not a huge fan of their ceviche, as I think it is too bitter.  But then again, I am not a huge fan of ceviche in general, so who am I to judge?  But, you read my reviews because I judge, so that's my opinion on that.  Certainly I think the ceviche could be improved by using a different platform - the current cracker thing gets soggy within two seconds and is not tasty at all.The Robata grills are fun and always perfectly cooked.  I recommend getting the sampler if you're with a group and splitting, so you can try a little of everything.  Consistently good ones are the bacon and quail egg, and the salmon.  The chicken is also pretty good too.Of the entrees, my favorites are the lamb lollipops and the pork belly.  The lamb lollipops come on a bed of sweet potatoes, which is a great complement.  The pork belly can't help but be delicious, since it's essentially a big slab of tender bacon.  YUM.  Their sushi is also quite good and gives all the other Japanese places in Pittsburgh a run for their money.  It's fresh and reasonably priced, and you don't have to deal with obnoxious South Siders (*cough*Nakama*cough*).  Try the Tamari roll and the TNT roll.In general, always try the specials too.  They have some really good ones.  The only reason I'm not giving it full stars is because I consistently feel like the sizes are too small for the price.  I know the quality is high, so the portion sizes are justifiable, but... it always bothers me, just a little bit.  But not enough to keep me from coming back.Oh, one more tip - sit at the bar by the kitchen if you can.  I mean, just try it out at least once, if you come multiple times.  Watching them cook is a real treat.
5	I am absolutely in love with this place! The dishes are incredible and very unique. The service was great, the atmosphere is both sophisticated and rather laid-back (try to get a spot on the back porch, it has a fabulous view!) and the wait was really quite reasonable (though I've only been there on Saturday nights, so I can't speak to the Friday crowd). If you're going with a group and are not absolutely ravenous, I'd highly recommend ordering a number of selections off the Ceviche and Robata menus, along with maybe some appetizers. (I'm particularly fond of the bacon and quail egg. Don't tell my formerly vegetarian conscience.) There are lots of interesting dipping sauces that some with these dishes, and I haven't tasted one yet that I didn't enjoy.
4	I'm often wary of the whole fusion concept. Bastardizing foods of different cultures until it becomes an unrecognizable and ridiculous vestige of its traditional self doesn't normally appeal to me. That said I was pleasantly surprised with Tamari which didn't really fuse Brazilian and Japanese but presented each in new ways.  While Tamari's food is geared toward an American palate they have something going for them--the food actually tastes fresh, is well presented and cooked, and wow, actually tasty. Also for a place that screams "trendy" it's not a skull beating. I ate for two with drinks and appetizers for about $50.  Their yummy skewers go for $1 a pop during happy hour. A tastier and lighter alternative to the standard wings and fries fare if you are looking for some tapas type snack while having some drinks. Decor is tasteful and relaxing. Enough variety that even ethnic-food-ophobes can find something they wouldn't mind trying.
5	So far Tamari is the best restaurant I've been to in Pittsburgh since moving here from San Francisco in August. It's a fusion asian/spanish place with swanky decor, extensive cocktail list and delicious aroma filling the entire dining floor from their open kitchen. We started with sushi for appetizers: spicy tuna roll and something deep-fried with shrimp. And it was ok... spicy tuna wasn't spicy and I'm just not a fan of tempura no matter how great it is. BUT! The next part of my meal was absolutely 5-stars: pork belly with tiny roasted potatoes and spicy sauce. Followed by a macademia nut, white chocolate cheese cake - yum!
4	4.5 stars.  One of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh and one of the best representations of what a fusion restaurant should be, but it's just not quite 5 stars for me.From the appetizers, I've tried their grilled romaine salad, Peking duck quesadilla and tempura soft shell crab.  Of their entrees I've tried their Chilean sea bass, Lamb lollipops, their bento, and braised pork belly.  I've tried all their "robatas" or skewers.  For dessert I've tried the green tea cake as well as the white chocolate cheesecake.  Let me just talk about the most notable ones.The Peking duck quesadilla brings together the concept of the Peking duck wrap with the popular quesadilla.  Think of your basic cheese quesadilla and add shredded Peking duck to the mix.  It's served with hoisin sauce for dipping and sliced serano chili's for a bit of heat.  Personally I love the idea of a Peking duck quesadilla, but I would have preferred the large sliced of duck typically found in duck wraps instead of the shredded duck in Tamari's iteration.  Also, I'm curious as to why Executive Chef Roger Li opted to not have the Peking duck's signature crispy skin a part of the dish.The tempura soft shell crab was an aesthetically pleasing appetizer that fed the eyes more so than it fed the stomach.  The lightly fried soft shell crab was cooked perfectly and was served alongside kimchi that spiced up the dish and also added a textural contrast to the tempura.  The presentation was absolutely beautiful.All of the skewers are delicious, but the most notable one would easily be the bacon wrapped quail egg skewer.  Each skewer is served up with three poached quail eggs that burst with flavor when you put it in your mouth and just let the "pop" melding the overtones of the bacon with the soft interior of the egg.  The last time I went, one of my companions actually ordered four skewers of the quail egg for a total of 12 eggs altogether.  Other ones I liked the most include the beef tenderloin, the shrimp, and the shitake.For entrees, the lamb lollipop is probably my favorite main dish followed by the braised pork belly.  The lamb was cooked to a perfect medium rare and served alongside a mashed sweet potato, which was a beautiful textural pairing.  The braised pork belly is braised in five spice and served alongside a cucumber salsa and pearl potatoes.  I love braised pork belly, so I was super excited to see it on the menu.  My only gripe?  The pork belly was around the same size as my iPod Nano (3rd generation, the ugly square one).  The cucumber salsa was delightfully crunchy.Their green tea cake is easily my favorite dessert.  I absolutely love all things green tea and I really like how the cake itself has a really strong "tea" flavor component.I'd recommend going during their 5-7 PM happy hour special when you can order 1 dollar skewers.  Also, be sure to grab a seat by the open kitchen; it's super fun watching all the chef's cook.  Also, if you drink, be sure to try their take of the Dark'n Stormy.  It is absolutely a delicious drink.  Better yet, ask the bartender to serve you the root liquor on the rocks.
5	Holy mother of amazing. Who ever came up with the idea to do Latin + Asian + Sushi is a genius. While not all of their dishes are necessarily "fusion," the flavor profiles go together perfectly. You can start with some sushi and have have chipotle Chilean sea bass for an entre and it just works. Period.I went for apps and drinks with my parents, and even from that small sampling we were blown away. I had the spicy tuna roll and a caparina, which was divine. The sushi was neat because the tuna was mixed up with spices and something creamy to basically be the consistency of cream cheese, and it was fantastic.  Dad had the soft shell crab, which he only orders when he has a good feeling its going to be awesome. Needless to say, he was quite happy. Mom had the grilled romaine salad, which was neat to watch them prepare. They have an open kitchen with a bar, so you can watch them make your meal. Lots of the prep happens in a below-ground kitchen, but the exciting stuff happens right in front of you.I would legitimately fly from Atlanta (home) to Pittsburgh just for dinner at Tamari. And considering how little I like most of Pittsburgh, that's saying quite a lot.
5	With Pittsburgh standards, Tamari definitely deserves the full 5 stars.  Otherwise, compared to the rest of the world I would say Tamari falls around 4.  I think this restaurant hits pretty close to being my favorite now in Pittsburgh.  I loved LOVED the ambiance of the restaurant!  The  atmosphere is cool, hip, and swanky with the modern asian decor. And the service was great and very friendly.  I think the owner even walks around to check up on you.I went with a friend during happy hour which ends right before 7pm.  I would suggest taking advantage of the deals on the appetizers.  We ordered the robata grill sampler and the quail eggs were easily my favorite.  We also had the ceviches in tuna and yellowtail, but that was only mediocre so you could probably just skip that. As for cocktails, the zen tea is very refreshing.  For our main course my friend and I decided to split 3 maki rolls.  We ordered the Tamari, TNT, and some other roll that the waiter recommended with crab.  The Tamari was my favorite out of the 3, I loved the scallops and the chipotle mayo was delicious and different. Highly highly recommended.  Although, pricey, I think this was probably some of the best sushi I've had in Pittsburgh.                                                                                                 I was unfortunately unable to try some of the more fusion dishes, but it seems like other reviewers for Tamari seemed to enjoy them.  Now, I know what I will be ordering next time!
4	Despite the many accolades Tamari received, I walked in a skeptic. Fusion done right makes amazing meals, but more often than not, the word "fusion" signals gimmicky, pretentious, and over-priced menus. It took me two visits to conclude: happily, this is not the case at Tamari.Tamari's ace card is that they do fantastic sauces. This is especially apparent in the three dipping sauces (ponzu butter, ginger, and chimichurri)  that accompany the robata grill items.  Each sauce has its own subtle and complex flavor, and taken as a set, the three contrast well against each other. In other dishes too, the sauce shows the most depth: the mango sauce for the filo wrapped shrimp carefully balances the sweet and the sour; the balsamic reduction and fig compote in the beef tenderloin dish may look like just a bit of decorative flourish on the plate, but even the tiniest dab is potent with a rich, velvety sweetness that impacts the entire dish; the cilantro-mint chimichurri for the lamb lightens the palate; and the heat from the sambal for the pork belly cuts the fat.The main ingredients themselves are well prepared (i.e., the meats are cooked to an appropriate temperature; the veggies have good texture), and the dishes are well composed -- living up to the fusion concept.  Even without the sauces, these would still be considered pretty good dishes; but the sauces bring them to the next level.A practical aspect I like about the restaurant is that the portions are small (with a reasonable food:price ratio) so that you can order many tasty bites without breaking the bank. They have a decent sushi bar: fresh, succulent, some creative rolls. They mostly played the sushi offerings straight, though, and I suspect it's not the best bang for the bucks. Another course I'd pass on is the dessert. Although the cayenne chocolate mousse is interesting at first, the heat overpowers the rest of the cake by the end; the green tea cake slice I had was a little dry and the coconut shreds in the icing were overpowering.The place gets packed quickly during dinner time, even on week nights, so expect a 20-40 minute wait. Better, show up around 5:30 to take advantage of the "happy hour" when the robata grill items and the cocktails are on deep discounts.
4	Anyplace outside of NY that has a great cocktail list, I sit up and take notice. My aunt had the Tamari-tini, with Plum wine and Vodka it was a bit too sweet for me. I loved the ginger beer/root liquer cocktail. Perfect for a snowy night. Stay away from the fried romaine lettuce. It reminds me of day old dressed salad and at a warm temperature, it just sat on my plate. Run in to order the tuna tartare. And bring a cloth for your forehead for this is one spicy number. Love it!  Birds nest shrimp were fantastic as was the duck quesadilla and it's sweet sauce with a bang of spice that hits the back of your throat after a minute. mmm I might be back before heading out of town. Tamari fills a much needed chasm by offering a stylish restaurant with flavorful, high quality, and reasonably priced food. Bravo!
3	Not bad, but seriously expensive for what you get.   The best quote of the evening: after receiving a chicken portion that was seriously as big as a mcnugget by the stuffy little waiter.  "This place is trying to be elite so you don't notice that your getting totally screwed.  Don't shit in my hand and tell me it's a fucking cupcake."  That being said, the food was pretty good.  I'd recommend the bento box.  The salmon was just delicious.
4	Tamari was amazing!  The food, drinks, bartending staff, atmosphere were all top-notch!  Now, why I only gave it 4 stars vs. 5...the wait to get in!!  We were told 2 hours to wait...now I can wait, even with the little bit of patience of I have, but TWO HOURS!!  And to add to that, people near us in the bar had been waiting 2.5 hrs and they got there at 5pm (Saturday).  Luckily, we were able to eventually snag four seats together at the upstairs lounge and ordered dinner at the bar.Atmosphere: I love the look...very hip & trendy!  Just a tad on the small side but the decor was money!  Crowd is sophisticated and mature...meaning if someone accidentally knocked into you, they apologized!  I know crazy, right!?!?!?Drinks: You MUST try the Tamari-tini...it was perfect.  My friend got the infused vodka and it was definitely unique...i think it was infused with pepper, and apparently there is a new flavor every month!!  Food: We ordered the Robata Combo...it was really great!  The dipping sauces were tasty...well I unforunately couldn't eat the green sauce because it was a tad spicy for me (i'm a total wimp!) We also had the Tamari specialty roll (one of the better rolls i've had in Pittsburgh), Calamari (light and crispy), Lobster MacNChz (big chunks of lobster) and the mushroom salad.  Everything was amazing...I would recommend them all.  Oh and the bacon and quail egg kabob was awesome!!  Dessert: We had the Green Tea Cake and some chocolate deal that was spicy...the chocolate cake was my least favorite thing we ordered all night.  That I wouldn't recommend. Tamari was very enjoyable, even after having to dine at the bar!  I'm hoping that next time I'll be able to get a table before the sun comes up!
4	Heard about this place from City Paper - fairly gourmet but not too expensive made me want to give it a try. I'm always interested in seeing what people do with fusion. Sometimes they simply offer food from different regions (what exactly is being fused?), and other times they just throw everything in together, and it becomes bland.Tamari sticks to Asian and Latin (constraints are good when you start to mix things), and blends the ingredients enough to be interesting, but not so much that you lose the purity. We ordered the scallop ceviche, Korean steak tacos, red miso paella, and serrano hoi sin lamb.The ceviche was good, but tiny. The Korean tacos are essentially bulgogi and kimchi. They call it Asian slaw, but it's an Americanized kimchi. The tortilla was a disappointment - it was a crispy store bought shell. The paella had a good assortment of seafood, and the interesting addition of pineapple. The lamb was tender with excellent flavor, and the sweet potato risotto it was served with was delicious. At first I thought I liked it so much I would want a big bowl of it, but towards the end of the meal I realized how rich it was and the portion they served was just enough.Service was good, with decent wine and beer selection. We're planning to come back again to try some of their sushi rolls.
5	Easily, the best restaurant in Lawrenceville, they have great happy hour specials, the service is top notch, and while you may have to wait for a table on the weekends or busy weeknights, it's worth it.My favorite menu items include the Lychee-tini, in which I fear I have acquired a serious addiction, the bacon-wrapped quail egg robata, the pork belly, the lobster sushi roll, the green tea cake, and cayan chocolate cake.  My only disappointments are the mediocre wine list options and the small size of the ceviche portions. I do not enjoy the cracker it's served on, way too hard, and seems without purpose. Other than that, anything you order on from this menu, is sure to please.Great place to hang out after work, to take clients out, a date night, or nice dinner with the family. It's pricey, but you will enjoy!
4	I tried this place out tonight and I'd say it was pretty good. First off, it has a pretty eclectic menu, especially for Pittsburgh. The unique Spanish/Japanese items are something I wouldn't be able to find anywhere else. Secondly, all entrees and appetizers were decently priced for a place that looked as nice as Tamari. The ambiance and cleanliness is another thing it has going for it, on top of really fast service, at least on a Thursday night at dinner time. I ordered a sushi roll for myself ("Sexy Dragon Roll") but I was a part of a large party and some other dishes that stood out were the Lobster Mac & Cheese, TNT Roll, and Korean Beef Tacos. My only complaint is that the cocktails are a bit pricy! I haven't seen $10 cocktails since being in New York!
2	The food was decent, probably 3-3.5 stars, if a bit pricey... Robata skewers are an okay deal during happy hour, but too expensive otherwise - they're tiny! Our entrees were good, but again, small. After sharing 6 skewers, two sushi rolls, and two entrees, we left hungry.Service, however, was awful. Took at least 15 minutes for our waitress to come over, then another 10 to get our drinks. Later we observed the same thing happening to the couple next to us, until the owner yelled at the grumpy manager and made him take their drink orders. We sat by the kitchen prep area, so we got to watch our food sit and get cold while our waitress took her time getting to it. Then our bill was incorrect, because the waitress failed to put it in before the end of happy hour - and the manager felt the need to publicly argue with us about the math rather than give us the few bucks we deserved.Again, decent food and a nice addition to the area, but I'm in no hurry to go back.
4	Yum yum yuummmmmmmmm.Didn't make a reservation until 7pm for a 9pm dinner. Super accommodating, and we got our seats after about 20 min of waiting. Apparently the table we were suppose to take just wouldn't leave. GRR.I love their bacon-wrapped quail egg. x3The food was good skewers, tamari roll, sushi/sashi was decently fresh for Pittsburgh.Owners were on site. Good looking couple and suuuuuper nice, both came to apologize for the wait. Too bad I won't have another chance to eat here anymore!!!
2	I don't eat at many upscale restaurants and my experience at Tamari reminded me exactly why. My date and I get to the restaurant around 6pm. We wanted sushi and this is an Asian Fusion place, so we figured we could get some decent Maki rolls. Half the tables in the restaurant are empty. The host asks if we have a reservation. We don't, so she says the only accommodations she can offer is at the counter. We take two seat at the end. Our server comes around and asks if we want drinks. We don't feel like drinking and say 'no thank you'. Although the server was nice to us, I could secretly feel like he was annoyed that he knew he would be getting a check much smaller than average check.We ordered 4 sets of Maki rolls - all of them overpriced and underwhelming. The fish was fresh, yes, but the rolls were poorly formed and there was something else that was a little off about the rice. I wasn't quite sure what I could possibly be paying a premium for. Don't take my review the wrong way, this isn't an awful place and nothing particularly terrible happened during our visit. It just isn't the kind of restaurant I would ever go back to or recommend to my friends. But... if you have the money and you want to impress somebody by throwing it around, this might be your place.
1	I really was not impressed. I didn't like the service or the food. Plus, it said it was casual and definately was not...
3	I went here again recently and though the experience as a whole was good, there is still something that needs to be said: smallest portion sizes EVER. Despite how good the food is, it's kind of annoying. You're anticipating this awesome thing you ordered and it then it arrives, and it's supposed to look all cool and minimalist and simple on a white plate but you can't get over the fact that there is literally a piece of fish the size of your palm with some sauce drizzled over it and two pieces of asparagus just lying there on a plate the size of a clock. It might look "fancier", but I'd guess that most Pittsburghers don't really care and just want their food. Tamari, you're going to have to pull some gestalt tricks or something to convince me that there is more food than there actually is on my plate (nice try with the bowl with the 5 inch rim though...). Lobster Mac & Cheese and the Dark + Stormy was good, though. Although, thinking back on it, the drink was also unreasonably tiny for $8. The best thing about this place is still probably the service, at least they are super nice!
5	Well, after going to Tamari at least once a month for a while now, I can safely say that it is my favorite and probably the best restaurant in Pittsburgh. Yes, you can get an expertly prepared traditional meal at 9 on 9 or 11, but if you want some wonderfully creative dishes, head to Tamari. You won't regret it.And if you have the time, call in advance and ask Roger (the chef) to prepare a tasting menu. I've done it twice and going again tomorrow. Some of the best meals of my life.
5	OK, so I wasn't sold on Tamari being the best restaurant in Pittsburgh, but over the months, I've come around, and can safely say that Tamari is most certainly one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh, if not THE favorite (Point Brugge being right up there).  But now that I've had the chef's tastings, I can't go back to being lukewarm - this place is phenomenal.And word seems to be getting out too - I've come on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays... it's always hopping.  So, I hesitate to spread the word more, because one always likes to keep SOME places secret, but seems like the cat is out of the bag on this one anyway.I can't say enough about the chef's tastings - getting to see the food prepared right in front of you, and getting stuff that they are testing for the next menu changes... it's all great.  And what's more, I'm always stuffed to the gills by the end.  I mean, I may have harped on portion sizes before, but holy cow.  They make sure you go home with a full belly on the chef's tastings.  Totally reasonably priced too!  So, Tamari, a tip of the hat to you.  I don't often change my mind, but you've done it.
5	Best food I've had in Pittsburgh to date. I've been here 3 times, and I haven't had a bad meal yet. My latest time there though the server got a little weird towards closing time (without first giving adequate notice of kitchen closing). Oh well, the food is well worth it.
3	Updated 4-21-12:Was back in Pittsburgh again over Easter, and sadly, I've downgraded my rating to 3 stars.  What happened to this place?They've taken some of the best items off the menu.  No more fried calamari.  No more Bento box.  I was disappointed.This time I found the food just okay.  The mix of flavors seemed sadly lacking somehow.  And with my favorite items no longer on the menu, in hindsight I would have preferred to try another place.  And it is a bit pricey.  I didn't mind the priceyness before when I liked the food more, but this time it bothered me. We took a new friend here (my other friend and I had been here before), and he didn't like it at all.  Said he wouldn't go back. I'm feeling the same way.  Next time I'm in Pittsburgh, I'll pass on Tamari.Updated 7-20-11:  Well, I did make it back to the 'Burgh, and ate again at Tamari:  The five star rating still stands.  Got the Bento Box again and tried the calamari appetizer -- outstanding.original review I was born and: raised in Pittsburgh, have since moved to California, and make infrequent visits back to see family and friends.  A friend insisted that we eat at Tamari.  When he told me it was "Asian/Mexican fusion," I had major misgivings and doubts. We sampled a lot from the menu.  Tuna Tartar was excellent.  Sushi and sashimi are good.  Lobster mac 'n' cheese was smooth and rich.  The best bet on the menu (in my opinion) is the Tamari Bento with blackened salmon.Best of luck to owner Allen Chen.  I do believe he has a winner here.Don't know when I will get back to Pittsburgh, but I will be sure to eat at Tamari again.
4	I was worried about eating at Tamari...nearly all the expensive restaurants I've eaten at have left me disappointed in the lackluster food and my empty wallet. But we were pleasantly surprised here.The decor is nothing short of eye candy, and I definitely appreciated the many hand-crafted pieces that were incorporated in the design. Although we were initially seated at the bar, which was uncomfortable for me and not conducive to a small plates menu that you are encouraged to share. It is nice, though, to see your food cooked up in your face, so you know they aren't pulling any hijinks. It's probably a good space if you are getting sushi or if you're by yourself.We asked to move outside to the patio and were accommodated. We took advantage of some great happy hour specials, including the Robata combination grill, a simple dish of several meat and veggie skewers accompanied by some very tasty sauces, including a great ponzu butter. Everything was yummy, except the lamb skewer which was rather tough. The bacon and quail egg was good but something weirds me out about eating quail eggs.My husband was eager to try the lobster mac and cheese, which was not cheap but it was really good...a subtle spiciness and perfectly cooked lobster. I had the Tamari Bento, which included california rolls, grilled chicken skewers, a piece of blackened salmon, and a small house salad. It was really a nice sized meal for the price. The california rolls were fine, nothing special compared to elsewhere. The salmon was cooked perfectly. I asked for a side of the ponzu butter with this dish. The salad was tiny, with spinach and a ginger dressing and was okay.We finished with the green tea cake which was a unique and yummy dessert. The service was great; the server checked on us just the right amount of times and was really friendly and helpful. All the food was presented beautifully.All in all we were really satisfied with this meal and certainly did not leave disappointed with the amount of money we spent. I don't know how often we'll be able to dine here, but I would definitely recommend it for a nice fancy meal.
4	Great place to go get a couple bites to eat with a glass of wine as well as enjoy the nice weather outside on the patio. My best friend and I went here and we got the duck enchiladas, the robata plate with those infamous bacon wrapped quail eggs as well as other skewers, and seaweed salad. We also got guacamole on the side (tho nothing to rave about because they gave us only 6 chips to eat it with and 50 cents for a little more)The duck enchiladas were great! and obviously the quail eggs were great and so was the dipping sauces given on the side. We weren't sure what white wine to get and our waiter allowed us to try all 3 types!! So obviously it gets a star for their service. Overall, it was a very relaxing environment and just a nice place to grab quick bites or a meal depending on what you feel like. It was a great experience and my best friend who is currently living in pitt right now said she definitely will come back again.
4	Great place to have a relaxing dinner and enjoy a glass of wine. The outdoor seating is nice, if you don't want to sit in the loud and dark lounge inside. Their service is great. We loved their sushi and sashimi, yuummmm. Empanadas, Seared scallops and Pan roasted Chicken were scrumptious.
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh right now.Great place for a date or special occasion but affordable enough for just a random night out. 5-star menu at 3-star prices.The sushi is top-notch. I highly recommend the bento box. Great patios.
3	A friend and I went here this past Tuesday evening for the first time because I had read a lot about it and it sounded like an interesting concept. We arrived a little before 6 and opted to sit inside at a table with a view of the open kitchen. My first impression was that they had a nice patio out front and the interior had a modern design..      Service- Our server was prompt and friendly, asking if it was our first visit.  We told her it was and she was very informative and suggestive about the menu, maybe too much. She talked about everything on the menu, which is fine, but usually if I have a question about something, I'll ask you. I probably should have politely told her I know what a maki roll is, sashimi, etc. I think a creative way to handle this with  all of the various ingredients and techniques on the menu is to have a glossary on the menu, like Yo Rita.  That way, the server can point that out and there are less questions and/or explanations about the ingredients.       She then asked for a drink order, told us that happy hour was almost over and if we hurried we could still get the happy hour price (1/2 off), so I quickly ordered a Caipirinha.      My biggest problems with our server, was that when she told us her recommendations (we didn't ask), she went for the most expensive things on the menu and she kept saying how we should order the beef filet. She must have said it 5 times.  I get it, you like the filet or the kitchen has too many, but I'm not a big fan of filet so please stop telling me what to order.  And she charged me full price on the drink, which tasted good, but was pretty small.   Food-  This is the main reason I go somewhere. If the food is good, I can look past other things. I'm always looking for something I've never tried before. For starters we ordered, yucca fries, calamari salad and the seared tuna. Next we ordered the Phoenix maki roll and the 5 spice duck breast, then green tea cake for dessert.   Yucca- A small portion that should have been fried a minute longer. The insides on some were al dente.  The yuzu aioli that was served alongside was delicious.   Calamari-  This was excellent. Very tender fried calamari with good crunch.  It's served with chopped romaine and roasted corn falling out of a Chinese takeout container. Very whimsical presentation.   Tuna-  Very good dish.  Very good quality tuna that melted in your mouth.   Phoenix maki-  I had a bite of my friend's maki which was tasty, but didn't have enough punch from the "spicy salmon"  or wasabi aioli, for my taste.  The tempura shrimp inside the roll was really crunchy and moist. It was a nice-sized roll and the presentation was eye catching.   Duck- My entree was just ok. When I ordered it, I requested med rare, but our server said they only cooked it 1 way, which she never explained what that was, even after I asked. Anyway, when it arrived,  the duck was medium in the middle and well on the ends.  The 5 spice on the skin was pleasant, but that's about it.  The blue crab risotto under it was cooked perfectly and was very tasty. It also came with grilled figs and maple balsamic reduction.  The figs weren't grilled long enough and were cool. I just wanted a litte bit of caramelization and warmth on them. The reduction was very good. and went well with the duck. The dish wasn't really cohesive though, because the risotto didn't fit with the other components. My fault on that account. because I'm the one that ordered it and knew what was on the plate.   Cake-  Sounded better than it tasted.  My main problem was that it was served cold, so the icing was hard and you couldn't taste the flavors of the cake.   Overall, I know this review sounds a little harsh, but I was expecting a little more, especially for the price.  We had 1 cocktail, 2 beers and the food and the bill was 100 dollars plus tip. The ingredients are fresh, the plating presentations were above average, but like others have mentioned, the portions (except for the calamari and  maki roll) are very small and not enough for the money spent.  I think the concept is great, but some things need a little fine tuning. I'm open minded though and I'll try it again because I like to go to places that have potential.
5	Tied with UMI for my favorite in Pittsburgh.The food is amazing, and very reasonably priced for the amount given. The robata skewers are always a hit. The sushi is fresh, with generous cuts of fish for the nigiri pieces over properly made and sized rice.I'm generally a nigiri guy, but the tamari fusion roll is quite good: would recommend.I've been waiting to go back for the paella. The only disappointment has been the peking duck quesadilla. I was expecting crispy duck skin or at least a crispy shell. Instead I got a soggy shell with no real variation in texture between the cheese, fatty duck, and shell.Service is always friendly and efficient.It is a very popular place so the downstairs in particular can get very loud. If this is an issue just try to beat the crowd and ask to sit upstairs. The food is definitely worth it.
5	Another visit, great service once again.House salad - highly recommendedTiradito - the fish was fresh, but I just don't appreciate the flavors of this dish. Wouldn't order it again.Tuna nigiri - very fresh, generous cuts.Paella - maybe my favorite dish in Pittsburgh, wow. The amount of seafood on the plate is ridiculous; this dish would cost twice as much in a city like Philly. The saffron rice itself is perfectly cooked. A bit crispy on top with a nice moist interior. I really appreciated that it was not doused in oil or butter. Pan roasted apples were a nice touch that worked surprisingly well.Pan Roasted Chicken - another standout, that wasabi chimichurri sauce is amazing and the chicken perfectly cooked.  I plan on continuing on visiting tamari until I run out of dishes. A++++full reviewhttp://rodzillareviews.blogspot.com/
3	The grill, ceviche, and sushi are great. I DO NOT recommend the lobster mac and cheese and the entrees, in general. The mac and cheese seemed to be in a velveeta based sauce, rather than a white sauce with real cheese. My friends has the paella and the fish tacos, and they were not wowed. The portions were the same size as the appetitizers.
5	Lovely meal with lovely company! What more can one ask for? So after my handsome date and I were told at a certain restaurant a couple blocks down that there was an hour and half wait (HUH?! No thanks!), we strolled down Butler St. to Tamari. We had a teeny wait of about a half hour so we stopped by a local church fair to waste some time. (Bonus: We got our pics taken with Chester Cheddar and Oliver Onion! Those speedy pierogis are a hoot...) Onto the good stuff...the food. Appetizer was Chilled shrimp. Great fresh flavors My meal: Edamame and White Tuna Taco. I loved both. The taco was quite a mix of surprising flavors. Him: Lobster Maki....WOW!!!! I was able to sneak a bite and was also WOWed. Wonderful presentation and hidden delights of lobster tempura. Dessert: Pear Creme Brulee...really good, not much pear flavor but satisfying end to a wonderful meal. Super service....polite and helpful with all the (to us) new additions to our food repertoire. Definitely worth all the recent praise!
4	One trip to Tamari, and returned quite happy.  We got the kitchen seat right near where the dishes are coming out, and it was a great treat to be able to see all of Tamari's orders stacked in front of us.  Also, though we ended up paying a lot, I did not feel that the dishes were overpriced.  Perhaps due to the fact that I've been living in NJ for the last few years...Yucca Fries - wtf is a yucca? I thought it was a type of potato. sounds cute... The two sauces it came with were quite spectacular (Yuzu aioli and mojo); and personally I really liked this hard-ish vegetable in stick form.  Simple.Steak tacos - superb. the cool and refreshing jicama slaw thrown on top layers perfectly with the general spicy taste of the dish.  roasted corn salsa is top notch as well.Tuna tartare w taco shell - very decent, but not a personal favorite.  tuna chunks in a spicy sort of sauce, layered with creme fraiche and wasabi tobiko.  Flavor changes completely when eaten with the taco shell.  Indulgent.As entree, we picked from the special rolls.  These were decent, but as is often the case with special rolls, did not warrant the price of $40:Hako - spicy salmon, tempura flakes and tuna on top.Surf n Turf - shrimp tempura, wagyu beef slices, wasabi chimichurriHako was cut in rectangles, and though interesting looking, did not mesh well on my palate.  Hard to tell about the sandwiched-in salmon, but the tuna on top was top quality.  WTF was invoked by the kabayaki sauce.Surf and turf sounded good, but I had expected the sauce to be stronger to support the flavor of both the shrimp and the delicious wagyu.  At least Hako provided a sushi experience, hence I found this to be the weakest item in our order.For dessert we were not given the green tea cake option *cry*, but topped our meal with some very delectable fresh fried churros served with a green sauce and sweet berries....would definitely give this place another shot...11/25/2012 update:Though less impressive than my first visit (the menu seemed weaker this time around), Tamari still packs a punch with each item ordered.  We went with Shrimp Tacos, Lobster Mac'n'cheese, Beef Empanadas with quail egg,  Tuna Tartare with plantain chips, couple of robata skewers and the nigiri sampler [2x tuna/salmon/yellowtail].  For dessert we tried the spicy chocolate tart with fresh berries.  Strangely the very fresh sushi was the best part of the meal, though the rest did not disappoint either.  Still a solid 4 stars.
4	Some dear friends of ours gave us a gift certificate to Tamari before we moved to Pittsburgh, and we were just waiting for a special occasion to use it.  Since I just got a new job and passed my licensure exam, yesterday was the day to celebrate!We found easy street parking right across from the restaurant (at 7 pm on a Saturday).  The place was not crowded when we got there, but it filled up quickly and was packed by the time we left!  We were seated upstairs, in a small area of the restaurant with about 8 tables, and a long bar.  The decor was pretty simple, but chic and streamlined.  It was attractive, but I felt it was lacking something - that extra quality that makes me feel like I've been transported somewhere special.Our waiter was extremely friendly and articulate, and was very knowledgeable about the menu.  He helped me select my cocktail, the Herbin' Blues, which contains gin, elderflower liqueur, blueberry, thyme, and lime.  It was a beautiful and tasty drink - the only bummer is that it wasn't very big!  Served in a regular size martini glass, but the booze didn't come up nearly to the rim.  That's just a shame!We decided to go sharesies on everything, so we started with tapas:  yucca fries, pulled pork tostada, and empanadas.  The yucca fries were very tasty - they looked the same color and size as fast food french fries, but when you tasted them they were extremely crunchy and clearly not a potato!  They were *really* crunchy, almost could be described as "hard," but perhaps that is how they should be.  We both liked the creamy yuzu aioli served alongside the fries.  The empanadas were very tasty - instead of the usual crust, they were served in a flaky croissant crust.  The meat inside was hot and hearty, and the dipping sauce for the empanadas was a red coconut curry sauce - tasted just like a Thai dish.  A great example of how the Latin meets the Asian.  The pulled pork tostada was good, though by the time we got to it, it wasn't that hot anymore (temperature-wise).  The pork was juicy and the meat itself was flavorful, but I didn't get a whole lot of flavor from the sauce.  Every now and then the jalapeno provided a kick.  I wish the tapas had been served in succession so they didn't cool off - we didn't get to enjoy each one at it's best temperature.Then we had some sushi - the Tamari roll and the Hako.  The Hako was pressed into this really interesting rectangular cake-like shape.  Great flavor and the fish was impeccably fresh.  The Tamari roll was also very pretty and colorful, and had a nice kick from the chipotle mayo.  The rolls aren't terribly big: 4 big or 6 medium pieces each, but the fish was creamy and the flavor was right, so I think it was worthwhile.  For dessert we shared the churros, which were served with avocado cream and fruit.  The fruit seemed to have been frozen - it had that unmistakable taste (at least in the berries).  The churros themselves were good - hot, cinnamonny, a bit doughy perhaps.  We were full on three tapas, two rolls, and dessert, so an entree wasn't necessary.  The bill came to $92 for all that plus 2 cocktails, so our $75 gift card was much appreciated.We agreed we'd like to come back in fall and try more tapas.  We overheard a waitress saying they'd be changing the menu for fall, and I'd love to taste what they offer!
4	A group of four of us had a fabulous time at Tamari. I'll be honest that one of my 4 stars is just for the fact that we sat next to a table filled w/ other lesbians. In Pittsburgh, these small things matter. Their sushi pleased two California natives, so that's a plus. Other entrees were very well done and thoughtful w/out being over the top. Cocktails were good, not great. I'm looking forward to going back next time I'm in town.
5	Tamari has very creative and tasty sushi, a strong wine selection, and an cute outdoor patio. Pittsburgh sushi tends to be not on par with the West Coast in freshness, quality, and reasonableness in price, but Tamari defies this perceived opinion of mine. Every time I have been there, I have enjoyed the food and the wine. Once we even had the alligator with my girlfriend, and although fried, we were happy with it. I am convinced this is the best and most creative sushi place in town. Downsides: Hard to get last minute reservations in the weekends, and their website is slow.
3	Although the atmosphere was lively and fun, there were some hits and misses on Tamari's menu. My girlfriends and I decided to take the multiple small plate approach. This was a great way to have a bunch of different tastes in one meal.I had the duck quesadilla, empanadas, and the calamari. While the duck and beef were tender and tasty, the calamari was dry and over-breaded. I think everyone at our table enjoyed their butternut squash bisque but overall the experience was so-so. It definitely had a lot of potential and I'm sure we would go again and try different things. The happy hour seems like a good deal too, so that might be the best bet.
5	My boyfriend and I shared an amazing dinning experience at this establishment. The intimate atmosphere was most welcoming and the staff was  very attentive. The food was beyond amazing. We ordered the lobster roll which also came with lobster fritters, TNT, shrimp tempura, & red snapper rolls. EVERYTHING was so good. We also ordered duck quesadillas empanadas which had an interesting taste. Next time I will stick to the sushi rolls. The cocktails were delicious as well. I will definitely make a return trip to Tamari!
5	My new favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh!  You can tell a lot of thought went into incorporating the asian-latin theme into their extensive food and drink selection.  I mean who would ever think of creating peking duck quesadillas and their sushi list is to die for.  The service is great and this restaurant truly lived up to its best new and 25 best restaurant awards.  This is also a great place to meet people for a night in the town with their swank bars and outdoor seating.  As a native of Pittsburgh, I keep going back for more.
5	Fabulous experience. Helpful waiter, great food and atmosphere. Entertaining watching food prepared from the bar seats. We ordered tapas and untraditional sushi-- a Creative mix of flavors-- will go back very soon.
5	Sometimes you get lucky and have the perfect experience at a restaurant.  Saturday night at Tamari was just that!We arrived early to a mostly empty restaurant that quickly filled up.  Everything we ordered - from the Tamari roll to the Chipotle Tuna Tartare and the Pork Belly was fantastic. Waitress made a couple of excellent suggestions and was attentive without being in your face.I curse in my blog, kiddos.http://thepittsburghdiaries.wordpress.com/2010/12/13/tamari/
5	One of my favorite places.  Wine selections was good. Place was very crowded but managed to get a table.  Service was very good and friendly.  Started with some ceviche and some robata grill and since during happy hour discounted.  Had Bacon-wrapped quill eggs are a good starter come with three sauces.  Had some others including duck quesadilla, lamb lollipops and beef tenderloin.  The chef is very creative and is able to pull it off.   It is a blend of Latin and Asian.
5	Love it.  Pure and simple.Made reservations, and were seated immediately.  I love the decor and ambiance.  It was a slower night, but still it had a good vibe.  I love the use of colors and textures throughout the decor: very nice.The menu was delicious.  Everything we tried was outstanding.  There were too many good items to choose from, so we will have to come back.  For all three of us, this was by far the best sushi in Pittsburgh.I brought several of my own bottles of wine, and the corkage was inexpensive.  It was only $5 per person, and we were only charged once, not per bottle.  The wine list was very admirable.  Their mark-up on prices was valuable.  I would not be afraid to come here and purchase a bottle.  Cocktail list was also nicely prepared.While ordering my friends and I were slow going, and we lingered a while after we were done.  At all times we felt comfortable.  I could tell they were cleaning up, but did not feel out of place.Bravo!
5	I waited and waited and waited for this place to open in Lawrenceville. Once it did,  it did NOT disappoint. I haven't had one bad experience here. Well, maybe one time but that was totally my fault. I may have totally bit it on the floor in the middle of the dining room. So be careful, that floor is slippery! Despite slight embarrassment I continue to go back over and over again! From the yummy sushi rolls to the tasty drinks and amazing main dishes you really can't go wrong! My favorite roll is definitely the Tamari roll. It's white tuna, crab, spicy aioli, scallion, torched scallops. They just melt in your mouth! My fav main dish is the lamp lollipops. Lamb for me has to be cooked just right. Not too dry and on the medium rare side. Those lollipops definitely tasted like a dinner version of the real candy. I was SO upset when they changed their happy hour from 5-7 to 4-6. It seemed as if they were doing it just to save on money. Good thing they changed it back to 5-7. I would hope they had heard people's complaints and made a change for the better. None the less the happy hour specials are great! They offer $1 Robata grill selections, which are tiny beef, chicken and veggie skewers. They also offer $1 off martini's and wine. The atmosphere is also really great! The downstairs dining room is a bit tiny but they have a larger dining room upstairs as well as a rooftop deck. They also have outdoor seating, which is always a nice perk to have. I'm a sucker for dim lighting and modern accents and this place is all about that. After you talk food, drinks and atmosphere obviously service is important too, and the staff is always very friendly and helpful. You really can't miss out on this place, so don't wait any longer and GO!
4	Tamari is trying to classy up Lawrenceville, which isn't so much good or bad,just hard; Lawrenceville's best characteristic is its eclectic funk, and that doesn't seem to accommodate Tamari's sleek design and modern aesthetic (READ: waterfall thingy behind the bar and recessed lighting).But aside from it's wonky neighborhood placement, and the fact that it's a "fusion" restaurant--a buzzword I try to stay away from when it comes to the table--Tamari knows how to make some great robatat (bacon and quail egg--yes please!), melt in your mouth pork belly and decent sushi. The tuna tartar was very miss though, like, slightly-warm-raw-fish kind of miss. I like to grab a post-work cocktail there because it's chill and you hang out at the bar by yourself or meet friends and they make an AMAZING lychee-tini. Actually all of their cocktails are good and you can tell the bartenders like their work so they make good company if you're just relaxing over a big fat drink.
4	I went to Tamari for dinner on a Wednesday night. Had heard some pretty positive reviews so I was looking forward to this space.It's a narrow, long restaurant without the feel of being too crowded. The decor is modern. It's not the most intimate space though. The kitchen is located just along the bar as you walk through to the seats in the back. The wait staff is very friendly. (There is a coat check).The tapas were excellent. We had the seared scallops, chipotle tuna tartare, empanadas, and duck quesadilla. Our server explained each item as it was brought out, which was a nice touch. The sauces that accompanied each tapa were a great complement to the food and it all seemed to work together well. We followed that with a course of sushi (cali & eel/avocado rolls), which was good but perhaps not quite as good as the tapas themselves.Overall, I would definitely recommend Tamari for good food in a casual and modern setting.
5	I totally fell in love with this joint from the get-go. Impecable all around.
5	Best Happy hour in pittsburgh! I went before going on a gallery crawl. They have an array of specialty cocktails "half price" 5-7pm and Tapas. I enjoyed the Caparrhina, a glass of full bodied pinot noir, and a green tea martini. So refreshing. My BF and I split several appetizers too. Empanadas, Ceviche, Tuna tartar, grilled skewers, duck quesadilla, crabcake, and the filo shrimp. We just wanted to try everything. There are still many I saw come out of the kitchen that I am dying to try. The presentation was lovely. I probably won't get the ceviche or grilled skewers again because there are other more interesting dishes that suit my tastes better. I think it's a very nice addition to the variety of restaurants in Pittsburgh. Eat, Drink, Enjoy!
3	Had heard that this place was amazing from friends, and wanted to check it out. Two of us sat at the kitchen bar, which was somewhat interesting. Duck quesadilla and empanadas were pretty good. Had some sushi roll with lots of sauce and tempura - tasty, but I wasn't blown away by anything. Our waiter was really weird - the trying WAY TOO HARD type. He was intrusive and said the same three things over and over every time we got a new dish or he took an empty dish away. Thankfully I blocked out said awful phrases, but I sure hope I don't get him as a server again. The manager in a suit ALSO came by to ask us how we were doing, but didn't actually want to get a reply. Total over kill guys, and your food isn't that incredible.If someone wanted to go there really badly, I wouldn't dread going again, but I certainly wouldn't have the same high expectations. But I'll be interested in trying other things on the menu - it's certainly written to entice.
4	Tamari blends Latin American and Asian culinary traditions and create some really awesome and unorthodox dishes. Their happy hour specials make their robata (grilled skewers) and ceviche (raw seafood on a piece of cracker) dishes 1 dollar a piece meaning you can eat and drink on a budget. If you are not fortunate enough to dine during happy hour everything is reasonably priced.I have been to Tamari twice and have had their 5 spice pork belly, their octopus ceviche, their California roll, and their Peking duck quesadilla. Everything was excellent. The octopus is tender and the crostini it sits on adds a great crunchiness to the texture. The California roll was good but a little cold for my liking and had a little more cucumber than I would have preferred. Tamari has, both times I've visited, excellent plating. Their dishes are presented in such a cool way that you never want to take that first bite.The pork belly was excellent. The fat on top melted in your mouth and the pork meat below it was tender and cooked perfectly. The Peking duck quesadilla was very tasty; the sweet and moist duck meat went well with the Asiago cheese. I would have preferred more jalapeno on the side because I love to add them to food.Want to have a great happy hour experience with all of the flare but not the high price? I think Tamari fits that bill perfectly. It's also a great restaurant to take a date to or a great way to impress someone who enjoys a little adventure, great ambiance and fancy-plating.I have only one more gripe and it's as a graphic designer; their website is terrible! It's designed in Flash and is very amateur. However, their decor and their menus are very nicely made. I'm not sure where they went wrong when designing the website but if they simplified it and refined the design it would fit very well with the rest of their theme.
5	Yet another great addition to Pittsburgh new and trendy dining scene. Tamari blends Latin and Asian flavors seamlessly. The Peiking duck quesadilla is a perfect example of this. Dipped in a spicy sauce, it became an awesome explosion of flavors in your mouth. We also really enjoyed the seared scallops in mole poblano and pomegranates. I am a huge fan of unorthodox dishes, and Tamari takes the challenge and reaches the heights by creating perfectly creative dishes, very well. We also got a maki roll, which is not the best sushi that I have ever had, but the juxtaposition of latin-ness in sushi was mouthwatering. The paella was truly delicious, where you could taste the spices and the limes with the rice and seafood. I think you go to a restaurant for the food, but you go back and give good reviews for the service. Our server was very helpful. He gave us a little tid-bits about the more interesting dishes to help us decide. I had a groupon and my blackberry failed to open the pdf attachment so the server couldn't get the barcode (or the like) from the phone. So he asked his manager if he could help, and they accommodated by asking us click on "I have used this groupon". I thought that was awesome of them. I would love to go back and try more tapas and be pleasantly surprised by the unorthodox flavors.
5	Excellent food. We called for reservations on the same day and could only get seats on the bar in front of the chefs and those ended been the best seats. We could appreciate the way that they cooked everything and even asked about the different ingredients used and the different plates served. This made the selection of food easier.For appetizers, we had the calamari with the coconut sauce and chipotle sauce. They served it in a Chinese take out box which makes it interesting but the most important thing...it was very good. For the entrees, I went with the Bento box (sushi, chicken, grilled salmon) which was very good. The portions were generous. My husband had the Duck confit with the blue crab risotto which was DELICIOUS...I will definitely order that the next time. Our son ordered the lobster mac & cheese which was very good too. We did not have any desserts but the next time that we visit Pittsburgh we will definitely stop at this restaurant for more delicious food and dessert.
4	Sorry Tamari. I've got to knock you down a star. It's been a couple months since I'd been here and was a little disappointed in their Happy Hour.  So I've been going to this place from the beginning.  We've enjoyed many a Happy Hour here. Their first try at Happy Hour was normal time from 5-7 PM.  $1 Robata's and half off beers and $5 wine and liquor.  Not too shabby.  Second attempt at Happy Hour.  They changed the times to 4-6 PM. When I heard this I was kinda pissed.  I know some people might get out of work early, but the majority I would say get out at 5 PM.  I thought this was kinda a cheap move, like we want to do a half assed Happy Hour and not offer it for normal hours to save money.  I actually didn't come here for Happy Hour during this time because of that. Third attempt at Happy Hour.  Better deals on food with half off all apps, awesome. NO DISCOUNT on wines (boo) and alcohol (double boo) ONLY beer (ok....).  BUT, to top it off...we sat down at a table, like we've always done, and asked for Happy Hour specials.   The server informed us Happy Hour is only allowed at the bar.  DOUBLE BOO!  It's not like it was hoppin in there, enough that they didn't' have seats for us "cheap" people.  I don't know, it just kinda rubbed me the wrong way.  Don't get me wrong, the apps we ordered were delicious, as always.  Duck Quesadilla, Tuna Tarter, Shrimp and Fish Taco's thumbs WAY UP! But, not happy about Happy Hour!
4	Thanks to Groupon, the bf and I got to fulfill our sushi cravings here! Tamari is a breath of fresh air from all the other hole-in-the-wall restos in Pittsburgh. I wouldn't say it's as trendy as the NYC restaurants, but for Pittsburgh, it's pretty nice. :-)HIGHLY recommend the Tamari Maki and Duck Quesadilla. The Tamari Maki pretty much melts in your mouth. So good, I'm sure we will be back again!
5	went with wife.  had a bunch of tapas primarily.  no sushi or entrees.  grilled romaine was very good.  pork belly was outstanding, but probably not the most popular dish.  very fatty.  i loved the dish.  the duck quesadilla was packed with meat.  flavors were excellent.  this was my wife's favorite dish.  the fish tacos and robata grill (beef tenderloin) were solid.  interesting dishes, but nothing outstanding.  the robata grill was a great value.  the blue crab risotto was prepared perfectly and tasted wonderful (i noticed roger li preparing it himself).  the pork belly and risotto will be reordered on the next trip.wife had a green tea cosmo which she enjoyed, and i ordered the riesling on the menu which really went well with just about everything, but especially the risotto.staff was pretty nice and professional.  the host is a little arrogant, but he stopped by many times to add his commentary on certain dishes and to check up on us.  the server was very attentive, though she did not have much to offer as to suggestions.  i was hoping for some more adventurous recommendations, but she went with the typical popular dishes.i really enjoyed the entire experience.  i highly recommend this restaurant based on the food we tasted.  i cannot speak about the sushi or entrees.
5	Thank you Groupon, for introducing me to this great restaurant.Tried to make a reservation online on Thursday for dinner on Friday. Not wanting to eat dinner at 5 or 10pm, I called and was able to get 2 seats at the "exhibition kitchen" (bar where you can watch the chefs cook) at 7:45pm. Thanks to reviews and recommendations from friends, I knew this seating would be perfect for us. Our waiter was attentive but not overwhelming.  He talked up the fresh sangria, so we both ended up with a pint glass of it.  It was good and not too sweet or strong.As a vegetarian, I knew eating at a restaurant known for their sushi and fish would give me limited options. I was happy to see some vegetarian tapas, a vegan roll, and one vegetarian entree.  We started with the spicy vegan roll, which was not spicy at all.  I didn't taste any jalapeno. However, the presentation and taste of the roll was good overall.Dinner was chile relleno, which was amazing. The mole sauce was perfect, the pepper was blackened and delicious. The quinoa complemented the pepper and sauce.  It was a good size dish-we had no problem finishing it and were satisfied.This is a great date restaurant, and sitting at the bar is a great opportunity to see expert chefs at their best. The kitchen was extremely well organized. Yes, it's pricy, but for the special night out it's great.
4	The food was amazing, tasted great and was very well presented. The atmosphere of the restaurant was very adequate.Only negative thing of the night was our waiter who did not know much about wine and brought us a different white wine than we asked and insisted that they were all the same.
3	The summary of Tamari is that it is *almost* good.It is located in the artsy Lawrenceville area just north of the Strip District. The outside design of the restaurant is fantastic with a nice outdoor patio area. The inside starts off well with wavy copper panels behind the bar but fades into a very sterile dining area where the rope lighting seemed to be an after thought. Also, there was no music or sufficient sound deadening and that made the place seem eerily quite and have strange echoes.The first real knock against Tamari was the service. After being seated quickly the waitress took 10 minutes or so to get our drink orders and another 15-20 minutes to take our food orders.The food was pretty good. We enjoyed the tapas that we ordered but found a few dishes quite bland (e.g. seared scallops). I ordered the specialty tempura lobster roll and would give it a 3/5. It tasted like it sat waiting for the other dishes to be finished and no longer had a tempura crunch by the time it got to the table.The worst part of the dining experience was leaving. First, I understand the restaurant is not a cab company. BUT, when your business is located outside of walking distance for all but Lawrenceville locals, I would expect them to have a good relationship with one or more cab companies in the area. Not so.As we were finishing up our meal we asked the waitress to arrange a cab with the hostess so we could get back downtown/station square. We were told a cab had been called and would take approx 30 minutes; understandable. Fast forward 1 hour and a half later... still no cab. We finally wandered up the street a bit and found a bus stop. 3.5 hours after being seated at our table... we were on our way home.
5	This sushi restaurant is Amazing!!! I use to go to Plum until I found this place.  It is so much better than Plum!  First of all, the atmosphere is better.  Second, they don't charge you extra for asking for extra ginger (Plum does that and I find it rather annoying since you already are paying so much).  Third, they have hot sake.  Fourth, the waitresses are really nice.  I have been here a few times and I was always impressed by the food and the service.
5	This is hands down one of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh.  It's inventive food and modern decor present the perfect atmosphere for a wonderful meal.  The menu changes by season and always has the freshest ingredients.  Also, the sushi is the best in town, and a must try.  When the weather is nice, they also have some outside seating which is rare in town.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  I would recommend Tamari to anyone and usually take out of town guests to dine here.
3	there was good and bad at Tamari and from glancing at the other reviews it sounds like sushi might have been the way to go here - my husband and I did not go that route. We opted for a lunch of tapas. First, let me mention that the space is stunning. nice little courtyard like patio and the inside is very warm and modern. We were seated by the only waitress on duty - she was covering the inside and outside tables as well as seating guests. She was busy and that certainly would account for the slower service than I was hoping for. For instance she forgot about our drink order and we had to ask for it a second time once the first round of tapas arrived. Also, we would see our completed orders sitting for a good bit before they made it to us (open kitchen). But she was more than lovely and professional... again, she needed an extra pair of hands.what we ate:Hamachi tacos red onion, mizuna, lemon-habanero, and blood orange foam. this was not bad. I had never had fish tacos before... the flavors were fresh but it was not something i would likely order again. Empanadas filled with lemongrass chicken, pico de gallo, sambal -  the lemongrass was a bit strong but i really liked the sauce that came with it. The pastry was excellent - crisp and flaky. Crab Cake with ra-yu aioli, and salsa verde - ok, yes, I am from Maryland so I have high expectations for crab cakes but i also get that I am not having a MD crab cake - that said, this was average at best. the crab did not taste processed but i missed big jumbo lumps and the cake itself was fairly bland. Adding the aioli added the seasoning the cake sorely missed. Peking Duck Quesadilla with serrano hoisin, queso chihuahua, scallion, cucumber - completely inedible. At first I thought my husband was being picky when he took one bite and pushed the plate away making a face... but yeah, it was terrible. I took two bites, one with and one without the sauce to try to figure out where the recipe took a wrong turn - both were terrible in their own way. the sauce had some kind of overly - almost floral quality to it and without it was a disaster - muddled and sort of just really gross flavor. a bad way to end the meal. All in all we enjoyed each other's company but I would be seriously surprised if we ever make out way back to Tamari for another meal. mediocre and for the price ($40 for lunch for 2) - it really should be a better meal than what we had.
5	Love the food, love the service.I highly recommend the Tuna Tartare and the Tamari roll.  The Tuna Udon was also amazing.
5	Fun place to eat, satisfying cuisine, great decor.
5	I think this is one of the best restaurants in pittsburgh. We did the chef's tasting for a birthday, and WOW it was amazing. We have had omakasi tasting menu's at many places, and this was equivalent to some of the best places around. Great food, great happy hour.
4	What a delightful Asian fusion sushi place.The best advice I have for you here is to get the miso soup.  It's not on the menu, but part of another dish, but they'll surly serve it up to you!Outside dinning in the summer and a wonder cocktail list make this a solid, though pricey sushi joint!
5	This place blew my mind.  Everything we got was delicious.  My wife and I went the tapas route, and the best thing we had there was the fish tacos followed by the fig salad.  We also got one each of the kabobs, the empanadas, and the tuna tartar.  If we were to do it again, we would skip the empanadas and probably the kababs.  We would definitely get the fish tacos and fig salad again and maybe the tartar.Even on a Thursday night, the place was packed.  However, we went for an early dinner at 5:30pm and all the tables were empty and the bar was 75% full.  I would definitely recommend a reservation.It's semi-trendy in there, but you won't feel too out of place dressed casual.  Well, maybe just a bit, but it's definitely casual dress.We went with an infant which was not the best situation, but they were very accommodating.This place makes me wish I lived closer to Pittsburgh.
5	fantastic cocktails combined with great asian fusion.  Absolutely love the selection of tapas style portions.  Try everything from the robata grill.  You must try the Lobster Sushi and if you feel like splurging on calories try the pork belly.I have never been disappointed here
4	I had gone to Tamari once before and wasn't a huge fan.  It was right when it first opened and the food was average along with the service.  I returned last night to meet some friends and was open to giving it another try.  Especially since most recently so many people have nothing but positive things to say about this place!  I decided to go with the sushi since all the people I've spoken with have gotten sushi here.  I went with the TNT roll and a glass of sangria.  I would recommend that if you are very hungry to supplement one of their specialty rolls with some other maki or sashimi rolls you may enjoy.  Since I wasn't uber-hungry, the quantity of the TNT specialty roll was just enough.  I think there were 6 pieces if I remember correctly - it was like I was vacuuming them down with my mouth so I wasn't really counting.The Sangria was tasty as well - it threw me off b/c it wasn't in a wine type of glass but rather a pint glass usually meant for beer - but whatevs, it's what's inside that counts.  After my experience last night, I will definitely return.  I docked them one star b/c of my prior experience...I can't help it I hold grudges!  I forgive but don't forget.  Maybe a couple more times and I'll get amnesia.
5	My boyfriend and I came to Tamari after randomly searching online for a sushi place that we hadn't been to.  Tamari had just opened and wasn't overly packed... not long after we came back and discovered a wait because we did not have a reservation!  luckily we were able to eat at the bar... I have not had a bad thing on the menu.  The staff has always been friendly & the food has been fantastic!  awesome sushi, awesome tapas, awesome cocktails... Despite the new need for reservations, I am really excited that Tamari has been so well recognized in the Pittsburgh area.
5	Oh Tamari, how do I love thee... let me count the ways!I can't believe I've taken this long to write a review for my most favorite Pittsburgh eatery.  I guess I always thought words wouldn't do justice for this restaurant.  Each and every time the DH and I come here we are blown away.  We've come here with huge groups of friends, romantic dinners, happy hour, and even the chef tasting.  The chef tasting is by far my most favorite experience.  Chef Roger actually gives you a call before your dinner to see what you expectations are.  He pays particular attention to what you do and do not like.  He hit the nail on the head with our dinner.  To start off with the portion sizes were very large for a tasting, but it was so amazing we had to finish each and every last bite.  We even thought of giving up eating out all together and just saving our money to do a chef tasting there once a month, it was that good!  In addition, the owner Allen is so sweet!  He's always walking around to make sure everyone is satisfied with their meal, and remembers his patrons quite well.  This is by far the best restaurant in the burgh, and one that I recommend to everyone when they want to try something new & different.  Give this place a try and you will not be disappointed.
5	After a grueling week of classes and a busy weekend, a fellow food lover and I finally decided to make the trek over to Lawrenceville from Oakland (we are both students at CMU) to try some of the amazing foods that Tamari had listed on their online menu.We did not have a reservation (monday night around 6:40 pm) so we had to sit at the bar which was not all together a bad thing because we had the chance to see some of the food that was already prepared to get a better idea of what we should order. The restaurant seemed to cater to a mostly older crowd of people, dressed semi-casually (we were definitely the youngest people in the place) but dont let this deter you (other food loving college students!!) from going because the staff is friendly and very attentive to your needs. For a college student budget, Tamari might be a bit pricey but luckily when it comes to good food we are not shy about spending some money so we decided to go the sushi and tapas route. For sushi we ordered two of the specialty maki rolls, the Tamari and the TNT. Both rolls were very good but the Tamari roll is hands down the best specialty roll that I have ever had in Pittsburgh. If I had to recommend just one thing at this restaurant I would say Tamari roll all the way!!! For Tapas we ordered the Filo Shrimp and Goat Cheese Spring Rolls. The Filo shrimp comes with an accompaniment of 3 different sauces: the salsa verde, mango-apple salsa and coconut chiffon sauce which are all fabulous in their own way. The shrimp was also perfectly fried and wrapped in delicate strings of Filo dough which also made for a great presentation. The goat cheese spring roll was a tiny bit disappointing compared to the shrimp because it was a very small. However what it lacked in portion size was made up by the really great melts-in-your mouth taste of the goat cheese and not to mention the small bed of greens with miso dressing and fried tofu cubes... Andddd because no good meal is complete without dessert, we ordered the spicy chocolate torte with dulce de leche sauce and the flan with palm seeds and coconut crumble drizzled with palm sugar. The flan had such an interesting flavor, unique and unlike any other flan I ever had before and the palm seeds were also not too sweet which was a nice surprise. The chocolate torte had just the right kick of spice that helped us end our meal on a good note. Overall both my friend and I really loved this place and we are definitely planning on making a return trip here in the near future. The service was great, staff was friendly and the SUSHI!!!! ZOMGGGGGseriously though, order the Tamari roll. you will not be disappointed!
5	Truly trendy and unique, a new winner for best restaurant in Pittsburgh!  It was the first time I've seen a nice restaurant decently full on a Saturday night, this means it's gotta be good!  The outside patio upstairs that overlooks the city under the moon is super sexy!  The food is gets an A+ for being Asian (I am biased!).  They have tapas, maki, and also entrees.  Service very good, I really liked that they brought food out in waves of 2 for us to enjoy. Creative (delicious) spins:- PEKING DUCK QUESADILLA- still maintains the flavor of Peking duck but with the crispiness of a quesadilla- FISH TACOS- first time I have seen a great use of blood orange foam!  tangy and tast- PORK BELLY- definitely well cooked with a taste of home cooked asian flavor - TAMARI maki- delicious! - BACON QUAIL EGG, BEEF SCALLION skewer- "okay", only get if you are craving additional protein- SEARED TUNA- the one ho-hum of our meal (pass!)Drinks pricey, of course, but you get a decent glassful to compliment the rest of your meal.  Overall a very fair priced dinner for what we had.  Definitely left VERY full and VERY happy and pleased with ourselves for having found such a place!
5	Place is awesome. Definately going back.
5	My GF and I came for a weekday lunch while I was visiting the 'burgh for a wedding. We were one of the only tables seated, and the attentive service made us feel like VIPs. The chef sent out an amuse for us--mushroom "sashimi" which was delicious and tasted... for lack of a better word... expensive.We shared a few small plates:The duck quesadillas: My favorite, asian food + cheese... Who knew!The tuna tartare: nothing like a pile of raw fish and caviar!The guacamole: included cojita cheese, which I hadn't seen before, but cheese improves everything so it was great. The waitress also took the time to instruct us on how to adjust the spicy level with the different mix-ins.The beef eggrolls: Have you ever met an egg roll you didn't love?The 4 tapas were the perfect amount for us to share and we enjoyed every dish. At the end of the meal we were presented with a reasonable check and complimentary 5-spice sugar cookies. Better than any fortune cookie I've ever had!Check out this spot for a casual lunch, or take a date, the slick interiors and exquisite service is sure to impress!
4	Boy and I went to Tamari on a Friday evening. We had a late reservation (around nine), and we were asked to wait for our table for about ten minutes because the restaurant was a bit crowded. The hosts were extremely friendly and gracious, and while we were standing, they got us drinks from the bar. Tamari has an ample selection of drinks, with interesting cocktails and decent choices of wine and beer. I was impressed at the innovative tapas combinations. For the first time in my entire life, I wasn't that hungry. So I only had the appetite to try two tapas; the lamb lollipop and the red snapper. The lamb was very tender and tasty. I really loved the red snapper, which came with mussels in a saffron broth. This was so different and very yummy!My date had the empanadas (which he did not like very much), but was blown away by both the price and the quality of the hangar steak. We thought the $2 price was a joke (or a misprint to mean $20). The steaks (or chicken, bacon and quail egg, or salmon) are small servings, of course. But what they lack in quantity they make up for in quality!I have not yet tried the sushi, but will be back to do so!*EDIT* Boy insisted I tell you all that we saw Sam Worthington (from Avatar) there. Boy also states that I should add an extra half-star for Sam's appearance. Sorry. Can't do that!
5	Lobster Mac and cheese was amazing! Lobster maki was worth every cent. Drinks were great, especially the bourbon smash!
2	According to the Pittsburgh Magazine, this is supposedly one of the best 25 restaurants in Pittsburgh. Clearly they have never been out of their city, county or state. I suggest they take a trip to Philly and try some of the good Japanese food. The food is below par for such a nicely designed restaurant, comparable to a neighborhood Japanese restaurant in NJ/NY. The menu is severely limited. Service is pretty good, and the staff are friendly.
5	I went to this restaurant on a whim and without a doubt, couldn't even get in the first night without a reservation. But curiosity was killing me, so I went ahead and made reservations with the extremely accommodating and friendly staff for the next night. The seating was prompt and the atmosphere could pass as very classy and romantic.The hostess certainly knew her wines and her food and we went based off her recommendations. One of the coolest fusions I have ever seen. I had a duck plate and a sushi plate all in one sitting, and every bite was delicious.Highly recommend this place if you are looking for someplace special to go - and I say that, because it does get a little pricey. But it'll be worth it!
5	I have a small list of things I'd like to do and places I'd like to frequent when I'm not on the pathetic budget of a college student--Tamari is definitely on that list.The duck quesadillas were delicious--so many different tastes in each bite, all of which I wish I could revisit. We had a few other plates throughout the night, and they were also well-worth the meal (the enchiladas have a pretty excellent beet puree included, the sushi rolls are fresh and wonderful), but my relationship with the duck quesadillas were more than enough to recommend Tamari to anyone looking for a nice meal.Solid cocktail list, as well--Bulleit is my go-to bourbon, and they had a crafty bourbon smash made with Bulleit and various berries.One day, I'll find an excuse to treat myself to the chef's tasting. One day...
4	I dined at this restaurant last night with a dining companion.  The decor of the restaurant was modern and sleek with two bars running the length of the first floor.  The first bar was a sushi bar/area for the cooks while the second was a traditional bar. Beads covered the door to the bathroom and while I did not stop up to see the second floor, it sounded pretty crowded.I was initially disappointed when the menu came as I had been looking forward to a good entree here.  My dining companion had been there before and raved about the paella which was nowhere to be found.  After fumbling around with the menu for a bit we decided to get a little bit of everything:  edamame, egg roll, tamari maki, vegan maki and lobster mac and cheese.  The waiter started us off with the edamame which was good with a nice spice on the outside of the shells that put a little fire on my lips. Following that was the egg roll which was good although not spectacular.  Next up was the maki.  Both rolls were very good and I loved the avocado and tofu in the vegan roll while my dining partner preferred the Tamari.  Finally we finished with what ended up being the best dish, the lobster mac and cheese.  It came with a lobster tail on top and pieces of lobster spread throughout the pasta which had a nice smoked gouda flavor.  When all was said and done, I ended up enjoying tasting many different and not getting stuck with the entree I had went in looking for.The bottom line from me is that this is a great restaurant to try new things.  Everything was good with the lobster mac and cheese being amazing but I would only head over if you are looking for sushi/nigiri/sashimi or are comfortable with tapas.
1	Let me start off by saying that I go to Tamari often because they have great sushi, but last night the hostest was so rude that my husband and I left as soon as we got there. There was obviously empty seats at the bar and she didn't want to seat us there.
4	Made seamless reservations for three on a Sunday night through Open Table on Yelp (I was glad they were opened!). The restaurant is tucked back just a little from Butler Street and while it is bustling inside it is a little hard to spot when locating from the outside since the area isn't too brightly lit and the surrounding buildings are either closed or run down. However the plus is that parking was not hard. Once you enter Tamari, the decor is sleek and sexy with dark colors and metallics and the open kitchen popped out - I absolutely love that concept. The smells from the kitchen were delicious though I could see how some people would not like that. Our waiter was very nice and chill but at the same time enthusiastic about the menu items. I had gone with his favorites - peking duck quesadilla and one of the speciality rolls. It was great how they also provided an amuse-bouche. I've only had those at expensive restaurants and so this was quite a treat. The speciality roll that I had was delicious and fresh but the peking duck quesadilla was my favorite of the two because of the spicy kick the sauce had. My friends enjoyed their dishes as well, including the lobster mac and cheese which I was told was incredibly filling (do not be fooled by the size!). Unfortunately the dessert that we had wanted was out but we decided to try the cinnamon chocolate pie or tart. I am not a huge fan of chocolate but this was good. I'd love to come back and sit by the open kitchen or try the chef's tasting.
3	After a grueling day of meetings in the office, our team went to this place, as it came highly suggested.The cocktail menu is the first thing everyone gravitated towards. They had some great, creative items, like Blood Orange Mojitos, Bourbon with berries and mint, etc...I got really excited. Except when the waitress came over, she proceeded to say "oh by the way, we're out of this...and that...and that..." And by "out of" she didnt mean it was in such high demand that they ran out, she meant, the fruits weren't in season, so they simply didn't offer them. Um....CHANGE YOUR MENU. I guess she sensed our annoyance because she sent the manager over, who started with a grand apologetic story about what happens when the fruit is in transit, and basically justifying their shortcomings. I think that annoyed me even more, because the more he was talking, the less I was eating/drinking. I just ordered something basic and then couldn't resist the jab "or are you out of vodka too?"The food was fine. Sushi/Sashimi and some tapas (Lobster Mac n Cheese with Truffle Oil). Not out of this world, and not awful. Pretty average.To be fair, the management must have felt bad and gave us a free shot of Limencello, an Italian lemon liqueur. I'm a food and service snob. Unapologetic. But if you have nothing grand to compare it to, it passes the basic litmus test. Go and make your own judgment.
5	Another wonderful example of creativity, technique, and passion overcoming the cultural and stark geographic divide between Japan and Latin America.  My favorite item was the Empanada.  On the outside, was the familiar crispy and shiny pastry that is nearly ubiquitous across the Latin world, but inside was a lemongrass chicken composition that immediately transported you into an Asian bliss.  The sambal and pico de gallo sides seemed so naturally paired.  This is the art of fusion cuisine at its best.     The seared scallops were also wonderful.  Taking it's cue from the Old World, the beet sauce and the creamy ginger polenta mixed well together and were well contrasted by the crispy endive.  The scallops were perfected cooked and savory enough to overcome the heaviness of the polenta.     Try some of the Robata grill, but stay clear of the hanger steak which was too chewy.  The bacon and quail egg skewer was an amusing play on both Mother Nature and childhood memories of roasting marshmallows.      Finish with expertly executed Sushi, would definitely recommend the Tamari Roll and any of the other items.  Desert doesn't shrink away from risky undertakings and creativity either.  The Apple Empanada which incorporated aged cheddar was reasonably good, but the chocolate tart was even better.    Service was excellent as well, as our table was cleaned at least twice and our plates were changed several times throughout.  However, drink service was quite slow with our waiter offering up excuses about the Bar being overwhelmed.     Go here with an open mind and be willing to share the Tapas with your dining partner.  Take your time and enjoy this place.
4	The Good:  Tamari's tapas were definitely worth it when we went, especially since my boyfriend and I went during happy hour.  Most of the tapas were half off - I think we were charged full price for the lamb "lollipop" for some reason though.  The menu has something for everyone.  We had the tuna tartare, the aforementioned lamb lollipop, beef tongue tacos and Peking duck quesadilla.  The first three tapas were delicious.  The last, not so much.  The Peking duck was very heavy and the accompanying Hoisin sauce overpowered the taste.  However, the diversity of the menu makes sure that there is something for everyone.  In addition, the dishes we liked were absolutely delicious.  Our bartender was also extremely friendly and tended to our every need.The Bad:  Like I said, we went during happy hour so we stayed at the bar.  What I failed to mention is that we had reservations.  However, our table was not ready when we got there due to an all-important "staff meeting."  The manager attempted to help us but did not really do much at all.  Despite the good quality of food, the ambiance was - to be honest - a little pretentious.  There were not very many people in the restaurant at all but we were still made to wait past our reservation time (I would have understood if they were understaffed but they really were not).  When our table was ready, we opted to stay at the bar because of happy hour.
4	I would have given Tamari a 5 but there were some flaws that hinder me from doing so. The Good: The food here was amazing and I cannot rave enough about it. My friends and I split  a number of tapas and sushi items but the TNT roll was a standout. The wine list was reasonably priced and had a wide enough selection that everyone at the table could find a bottle that we could all enjoy. The dessert list sounded amazing but we did not get anything.The Bad: We had made a reservation but we arrived a tad bit early. It was so packed that we couldn't sit at the bar so we were awkwardly standing by the wall and it felt as if we were in everyones way. I had requested a Lycee Mojito and was excited about it however to my disappointment the bartender did not make a Lycee Mojito and we waited a great deal for our 4 drinks (the others: one was a beer, one was a simple bourbon pour, a sangria which was premade). Overall, an amazing place and worth the price.
4	The food was great. If I could have given Tamari 5 stars just because of the food, I would have done so. A group of us tried a few items off of the tapas menu, and then we split some sushi rolls--- all of it was delicious. I definitely recommend the lobster mac & cheese! However, the service was not as wonderful as the food. We got to the restaurant about 10 minutes before our reservation time and was told we would have to wait for our table (which was fine), and were invited to order drinks from the bar. The bar was crowded so we had to awkwardly stand by a wall, in everyone's way. The bartender ignored our attempts to grab her attention for about 10 minutes. When we finally got her attention and ordered some drinks, she got the order wrong. It was taking so long to get her attention each time, that we sucked it up and went back to waiting for our table. 20 minutes after our reservation time, our table was finally ready and we were lead back. They had a good wine selection, but it took a while for the bottle we ordered to be brought to the table (I'm assuming the bartender was, again, a bit slow).
4	I love Tamari! The bacon wrapped quail egg is my favorite dish, cannot believe somebody said it was ill-concieved? It's wonderful! Sushi is always a great call ESPECIALLY the Tamari roll. The bulgogi is another favorite as well as the beef tongue taco. I'm a big "sit-at-the-bar-and-eat-appetizers" kinda guy, and Tamari is the perfect spot for my grazing preference.
4	Really enjoyed this restaurant.  At first, the menu was a bit intimidating.  Thank goodness for Adrian our server.  She had a thorough understanding of the menu and guided us through it step by step.  We started out with the egg roll, the phylo shrimp and the fish taco.  All excellent.  The "egg roll" had a Latin flavor.  the shrimp were done coated with pinko and done perfectly.  Our second round was the skewers with the hanger steak, the lobster macaroni and cheese,  the glazed spare ribs and a TNT roll.  Everything was delicious.  the worst I could say about ny of it was that the lobster Mac  and cheese was very very rich.  Hard to eat more than a bite or two.For dessert we had the chocolate tart and the lemon sponge cake. The lemon sponge cake was actually more like a cheese cake texture, but it was still delicious.All in all a wonderful dining experience.  We will be back for sure!
5	DE-LI-SCIOUS!!! Just had the Tamari, Lobster, Chifa and TNT rolls last night with girlfriends and could not have been happier with the sushi.  Rivals some of the best sushi I've had anywhere....and I LOVE sushi!  Sevice was fantastic as well.  All of the waiters suggestions were right on for drinks, tapas, and dessert.  Neighborhood is a little sketchy, but the new one up in Warrendale looks really nice.
4	We had a very nice Pittsburgh evening starting out at Tamari.  Don't know why it took us to long to find it.  Great atmosphere and service.  Ordered 3 small plates and that probably would have been enough, but went for a few more skewers.  Started with the guacamole which was along the best I've every had.  Scallops were excellent as were the empanadas.  Salmon and chicken on skewers were seasoned and cooked just right.  We went before the theatre and it was an easy ride downtown.  Will definitely be back.
5	I have been to Tamari several times and I am always completely satisfied or better. I highly recommend the Happy Hour, especially for those of us that can't really afford $18 sushi rolls and $25 entrees. But get there right at 5, the 10-seat bar fills up quickly.  Happy Hour is Monday-Thursday 5pm-7pm only at the bar (and I think the open kitchen counter). All appetizers (of which the list is extensive) are half off and several delicious specialty cocktails are also half off. I particularly enjoy the Tamari-Tini, it is a bit fruity but not too sweet.I've tried many of the appetizers but tonight, with my vegetarian friend, we tried the Enchiladas with black beans, kobocha curry, and beet puree. The flavors were so heavenly and interesting.  We also had their Guacamole with Plantain Chips with fresh jalapenos, cilantro and red onion.  The avocados could have been a but more ripe for my taste, but my friend loved it.My favorite thing there so far is the Chipotle Tuna Tartare. It's nice chunks of high-quality tuna with a layer of creme fraiche and wasabi caviar, with a couple of plantain chips. The chips get you most of the way through, but I enjoy just eating it with a fork. I think, especially for people with small to medium appetites, that 3 or 4 appetizers to share with another person is a satisfying amount for dinner.  The flourless chocolate chili torte is a fun way to end the experience.The ambiance can be either romantic or cool and swanky. The bartenders have always been excellent and friendly, with a casual but sophisticated air.  If you're going for dinner I recommend making a reservation, they seem full most of the time.
5	Probably one of my favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh.  Sushi was awesome.  We had the Philly, Naruto, Rainbow, Spicy Tuna rolls.  The seviche was fantastic.  Drinks are well priced and the variety is great.  I will go back often, one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh.  You can't go wrong with Tamari.
5	Can you say fantastic Happy Hour?Seriously,this place is what Pittsburgh needs in spades. The atmosphere is classy, and intimate, without being pretentious. Their drink list is inventive and superb, as I had the jalepeno margarita (whew, spicy). Such amazing delicacies as Bacon Wrapped quail eggs are all extremely inexpensive during happy hour. I cannot believe I lived right behind here for over a year before making it in.Roasted romaine is a delightfully smokey, and unique plate worth trying. Everything I had was impeccable, and I cant wait for a reason to come back.
4	Unique cocktails, liked what i got, Tuna tartare was AWESOME! ceviche was good, fish tacos was okay. limited desserts. WIll definitely come back to taste the rest!
5	Tamari's got all the right moves! If Romeo was a restaurant, it would most certainly be Tamari. My entire dining experience here felt like I was being pampered and wooed - neither of which I get the luxury of very often!From the delightful complimentary amuse before the tapas to the (also complimentary) no-bake cookie atop our cheque, there were little pleasant surprises that I discovered throughout my meal. My friend and I came here for dinner on a week night and shared a few tapas and sushi plates, sans libations and desserts (though both looked amazing, particularly the Lychee Mojito). In essence, neither of us spent very much since we were looking for a small meal. The service here was truly some of the best I've had in Pittsburgh. I had a million and one questions, all of which were answered by our knowledgeable and pleasantly unpretentious server (OKAY, okay, so maybe I asked what "chimichurri" meant - don't judge! I just... forgot). To top it off, she was attentive and efficient throughout the meal as well.The key players that evening: Lobster mac & cheese (I was totally that vegetarian girl that sort of picked around the lobster - my bad) and the enchiladas with black beans, kabocha curry, avocado creme, mushrooms, gouda, and beet puree.Both dishes were fantastic, particularly the veggie enchiladas. The combination of the gouda and avocado creme were just rich enough to satisfy, but in a portion small enough so as not to overwhelm. In fact, there was nothing about the enchiladas that I DIDN'T like.The lobster mac and cheese, complete with panko crumbs and truffle oil, was also delicious. Be forewarned, the langostino is not for the faint of heart. I had imagined the lobster would be diced and mixed in throughout the mac, but not so - you get a hulking slab of it right on top!The ambiance here is great in that modern-business-chic way and the price is more or less a rolling scale due to the nature of small plates. I'm definitely looking forward to my next trip back!
4	I have dinned at Tamari three times now, and each time i am pleasantly surprised.  If you are not aware, they offer a mainly a Tapas type of menu with an extensive sushi selection but limited traditional entrees. We usually share a couple tapas and get two rolls (plus drinks).  I really enjoy the filo shrimp, very delicate taste with three interesting dipping sauces.   I didn't care for the lobster mac and cheese, too much truffle oil for my taste.  I've also had the Duck Quesidilla, scallops, and empanadas which were all great.  For the suchi, i always get the tamari roll, i love white tune and the torched scallops on top are truly unique.  The other specialty rolls are tasty as well and the quality of their sushi fish is top notch.  Never had room for desert but they do have a good but limited selection of beers.  I would suggest making reservations and enjoy!  This is a place in Pittsburgh that should not be missed.
5	Tamari is sooooooooooooooo good!  Great atmosphere.  An incredibly inventive crossover japanese tapas fusion menu.  Everything is expertly prepared, beautifully presented, fresh, and robustly flavored.  There are other good asian restaurants in Pittsburgh, but none with such creative and unique offerings.  The hardest part is narrowing down the menu, go with friends so you can try a taste of everything!It's no surprise that this cornucopia of delights does not come cheap, but this is a great place for special occasions!  My sister in law lives in the lower east side of Manhattan so my folks took her and her boyfriend here when they came to visit to prove that the burgh had class too!  They were deeply impressed and now, shortly after the meal, they are talking about getting a house in Pittsburgh.  Coincidence?  I think not!
5	By far the best dining experience in Pittsburgh that I have experienced.  Some people go out for atmosphere, some go for service, some go for the food, some go for price, and some go for all of the above, hands down this is the best of all worlds.The atmosphere is trendy but not over the top it has a lasting appeal that I think will not tire.  The staff is amazing, the quality of food is amazing, and the price is fair for the experience (I actually think they could charge more).The open kitchen is great, the chefs take pride in their work, I honestly want to sit at the bar that opens to the kitchen next time just for the show, I am pretty confident I could sit there for hours and watch.We ordered the Bulgogi as an appetizer, the presentation was so spot on my boyfriend didn't want to dig into it (and he never notices those types of things).  We both ordered two rolls (Chifa, Philly, Rainbow, Tamari, as well as, tuna and Octopus sashimi.)  Best sushi we have had in Pitt and everything else coming out of the kitchen looked amazing.  Though we were full we had to try the spicy chocolate tart and we were not disappointed.   Had I had more time or a bigger stomach I would have ordered more but the good news, we have lots of time to go back and try everything.Our server recommended three different drinks for me, all drinks I have never heard of before and they were all spot on with my explanation of preferred taste.I have never been a fan of Asian Fusion and I certainly do not like spice (I am a baby in this arena), I actually left this place talking about how it had a "good spice," and that clearly I had just never experienced good Asian Fusion.This is our new favorite place.
5	This is my favorite place in Pittsburgh, by a long shot.  The sushi is BOMB, and my favorite part of the menu.  Very inventive, a little chemistry thrown in here and there, and the menu changes often enough.  The tapas are also very good, but I would rather save room for sushi.Ambiance, view, and service are also fantastic.  Haven't tried a drink yet but they look good too.  A little pricey but I've eaten worse for more.  The food is always fresh and high quality.
4	Tuna tartare.I could probably end my review there. I came for their epic half-off happy hour and gorged in half the menu. The place itself was very happening with the best of Lawrenceville out for drinks straight out of work. Each plate that came out was very very good and i can't think of a single bad thing to say about them (especially seeing as they were half off.. come on!).
5	Anyone who knows me, knows that Tamari is my favorite restaurant in Pittsburgh. And now that they've added Sunday brunch, I don't think I need to go anywhere else (just kidding)!My wife and I went to their inaugural brunch this past weekend and each and every dish was amazing. I went for the pre-fix ($22) which included a bloody mary, cardamom bread (seriously, one of the most delicious things I've ever had), glazed bacon as a starter, and a beef tongue breakfast burrito as a main. These were all delicious, but paled in comparison to the bulgogi that one of our friends got. No doubt about the fact that I will be getting that next time!Skip Dozen and Coca Cantina...Tamari's brunch wins hands down!
5	What a pleasant surprise!!!  Great little Sushi-Tapas bar in the Lawrenceville neighborhood of Pittsburgh.  Peking duck quesadilla was a great spicy starter; followed by the bacon wrapped quail egg skewer...excellent!  The Tamari roll was wonderful, with incredibly fresh fish, topped with fresh scallops.  The chicken lemongrass empanadas were really unique, and tasted great.  I also ordered the TNT roll which was everything but the kitchen sink and very, very good!  Stu and Matt, our own personal sushi chefs were fantastic and clearly talented in their skills.  Lastly, the tuna nigiri was unbelievable, sweet and buttery.  The fish here is as fresh as you'll find anywhere.  I will definitely come back the next time I visit Pittsburgh!  Oh, p.s. the variety of food on the menu was really extensive.  I have never eaten at a Latin American Sushi bar before!
1	Went there last Saturday, was seated outside, left 20 minutes later when a waiter/waitress never came to our table. Not even to bring water... We had one drink at the bar before being seated and got to watch the manager berate one of his bartenders. This place was sterile and the culture of the staff was awful. Might have great food, but I won't go back to find out.
5	Back in November after my fiance and I got engaged, friends convinced us we should go to Tamari to celebrate.  We had never heard of Tamari before, but at our friends recommendation, we made reservations for a late Sat night dinner.  When we got there are table was not yet ready so we sat at the bar (did not have to wait long, maybe 10 min if that).  When they asked if they we were celebrating anything we were surprised that the manager came out and gave us a free bottle of campange to enjoy with our meal.  Not only that, but the manager also asked us what our food likes/dislikes are and then sent out a free sushi roll to our table to enjoy based on our preferences.  We were blown away with the service, which was completely unexpected.  It made such a memorable day even more memorable.
5	Had a fabulous happy hour there! Small plates are half off and so are all signature cocktails/drafts. Split the guacamole, shrimp tacos, cechive, and empanadas with a friend. Delicious! Very modern, fresh atmosphere... great service and unique menu.
5	This service here was a refreshing change from the "Pittsburgh standard." We were cordially welcomed when we arrived, and the host remembered me personally from a call I had made earlier in the day (or it was written in the notes, but either way, I was impressed). Our waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the food, and was always available without being overly attentive. In addition, there was a busboy that immediately refilled our empty water glasses so we never had to ask.They started by bring us a complimentary radish kimchi. It had a bit of a kick to it, and I didn't think I liked radishes, but apparently I do. I could eat a plate of this.We ordered our meal as tapas. We started with the Tequila Lime Shrimp Tacos. I believe this is a fairly recent addition to the menu, and they were delicious. I did not love the added flavor from the foam, but it provided an interesting twist on the traditional shrimp taco. The corn tortillas are also great. In addition, we had the Lobster Mac & Cheese and the Peking Duck Quesadilla in our first round of dishes. The mac and cheese is possibly my favorite mac and cheese in Pittsburgh. It is perfectly flavored without being overly creamy and has the perfect amount of "crunch." The lobster compliments it well, and the serving size provides plenty to share. The Peking Duck Quesadilla is my boyfriend's favorite. I personally do not like the spiciness (jalapenos I think) but duck is great and again, the tortillas are awesome.In our second round of orders, we had the Bulgogi and the TNT Roll. The Bulgogi was cooked to perfection and served with ginger - very tasty! The TNT Roll was good, but in my opinion, nothing to rave about.As a side note - everything on the menu is good for sharing as most dished are divided into 4 portions, so I definitely recommending sharing plates so you can try out several items.We ate too much to be interested in dessert, but I will definitely go back and try to save room next time. The waiter did bring us complimentary no-bake cookies, however, which were also delicious. I also plan to go back to try the Chef's Tasting. I cannot wait to see what they cook up for us!
3	Went there last night. I love this restaurant but last night was not an amazing experience. Started off with drinks-the Asian pear sake tini  was not a drink I should have picked. Personally did not like. Shared 3 tapas and one maki. The lobster mac and cheese was amazing. The glazed ribs and shrimp tacos were very good. Got the sexy dragon it was good but not great. Ordered dessert which was the worst experience of the whole dinner. I ordered the apple empanada. It was horrible. Worst dessert I have every had in my life. The churros were good. I have had amazing desserts there before but this was so disappointing. Also the place was not packed and our waiter obviously did not want to be working and it came across in his service. I love this place but it was not a great experience. I will give it another try knowing what not to get next time.
3	I really can't give more than 3 stars. First, there was no host or hostess when we arrived so after 5 minutes we just sat ourselves down, not being too sure if a hostess even existed for the restaurant.The best dish we had was the Tamari Maki with white tuna, crab, and torched scallop. That roll was incredibly fresh and delicious but at $18, it's actually more expensive than the rolls I get in NY!!The peking duck quesadilla just didn't come together for me. I love me some Hoisin sauce, but Hoisin does not go well together with gouda cheese. The ribs were perfectly cooked with a slather of chipotle tamarind sauce, but it didn't wow me either. I love tamarind but it was too tangy for the ribs. 2 ribs for $9 was also pricey. Since I've had waaay better ribs for waaay cheaper (espresso ribs at Yuca Bar in the East Village, NY anyone?), it was hard to be happy with the dish. I know, I know ... I should stop comparing food in PGH to NYC but I can't help it, especially since these plates cost more than what I pay for in NY!The tuna tartare, which unusually came out last, was exceptionally fresh and high quality. It came out in large cubes like Hawaiian poke. But the flavor just didn't do it for me either. It was spicy (and I LOVE spicy) however when I order a tuna tartare, I'm hoping for something cool and refreshing, not hot. The plantains were cut way too thick (I see they've been sliced much thinner in some the photos on Yelp). I know I'm being picky, but when I pay the same price for a meal in Pittsburgh as I do in NYC, I expect it to be the same caliber. One thing that I did pick up on is the amazingly high quality their seafood is. I'll definitely be back and next time will order only seafood dishes.
3	I'm wife and I have been here twice and the food here is really good, although there are a couple of misses with the Maki. The service is about average, and the one thing I would complain about is that (in our most recent trip) our food came in a really weird sequence and with significant time gaps between dishes. We ordered some tapas and sushi, and we expected the tapas to come first but they last. We spent some time waiting between dishes which was a bit annoying. Also, their kitchen is right there in the open with the sushi bar and it is a bit unpleasant/distracting to look at and hear all the sounds from clanging dishes. The first time we came here we loved it but this last time we noticed a lot more things that took away from our experience.
5	"I'm speechless. I cannot say enough good about this place. Every aspect of our experience was outstanding from the moment we arrived with 9 people and no reservation to the parting chocolate gifts we received on our way out the door."
4	Tamari is a great little restaurant: engaged, friendly service, generous wine servings,interesting menu selections and wonderful execution.
4	My boyfriend and I went here on our anniversary, so inevitably we had higher standards than usual. We wanted our special day to go smoothly, and choosing a good restaurant is a huge part of that experience.We did not make a reservation, as it was a Tuesday night at 6 o'clock and we didn't think it would be a big deal. Unfortunately, we did have to sit outside, which I wouldn't have minded in the least except that I honestly don't like the patio. It is out in front of the restaurant, exposed to one of the still quite rundown blocks of Lawrenceville, and the tall fence did little to protect us from the heavy traffic. Our table was awkwardly placed so that we were almost in the entrance walkway, and I noticed that the small strip of landscaping next to us was littered with cigarette butts. That being said, this was really the only negative aspect of our experience. Our waiter was attentive and helpful. He told us that they had just introduced their summer menu, so nearly all of the tapas and some of the sushi were brand new. We ordered the beef empanadas with quail eggs to start -- they were awesome! Two good sized flakey pastries with flavorful meat and delicious boiled eggs in the center, with a yummy red chili sauce smeared underneath. Next we had the TNT and Tamari rolls -- both absolutely amazing. The TNT was perfectly tempura fried, and made more delicious by how fresh and flavorful the fish was. The Tamari was somehow even better, topped with perfect buttery scallops. I've had a good amount of amazing sushi, and I think that I can safely say that these two rolls are my new all-time favorites. I highly, highly recommend both.We finished with the new Lobster Fresh plate -- chilled lobster, vegetables, and vermicelli noodles wrapped in cellophane. Unfortunately the rolls themselves didn't have much flavor, but the lime dipping sauce was so good that it saved the dish. It was still good, but definitely my least favorite item.We ordered both desserts that they had -- a dense chocolate torte with cayenne and dulce de leche, and cinnamon cardamom churros with peanut butter mousse. Both were great, solid desserts.All in all a very good dining experience -- we'll definitely be back for more tapas and sushi, but next time we'll be sure to make a reservation for a table inside.
3	Tamari has become quite the hot spot, especially for seats at the counter by the open kitchen during happy hour (which may be the best food happy hour in the city).  But its seasonally rotating menu can be quite hit-or-miss.At my last visit, a few items were spectacular.  The bacon-wrapped quail eggs and spicy beef empanadas were delicious enough that I could have made an entire meal out of just them.  Come to think of it, I probably should have.Other items were pretty good.  The quesadillas were definitely tasty, as was the TNT sushi roll (though perhaps not worth the price).  The fried rock shrimp dish was unremarkable but still good.At the same time, though, there were quite a few disappointments.  The lobster roll was bland.  The tuna tartare didn't taste fresh.  The pork tacos missed on a number of levels (a little too chewy, under-seasoned, too much cilantro which wasn't well spread out across the tacos).  And one order didn't even come out.As a relative newcomer to Tamari, I can't comment on menus from seasons past, though I've heard they were better.  I suppose come autumn and winter, I'll revisit and see if they can live up to a little more of the hype.
5	Recommended by my stylist at Pageboy (do check them out).  I'm in my discovery phase since moving to Pittsburgh and what a nice find!  There are two bars, one on the first level and one upstairs.  I dined at the bar upstairs.  I had all the intent in the world of ordering sushi.  In fact, my mouth had been watering for a good spell while sitting in the stylist's chair.  However, upon perusing the menu, tapas caught my eye.  Darn!  I wanted both but how could I scarf everything down?  Sigh... dilemma to resolve.  Ok... I decided on tapas and will just have to return for sushi another day.  That works.I consulted with my bartender/server who, among his recommendations, recommended the rock shrimp tacos and the pork cheek quesadillas.  I selected those two, as well as the ceviche which first caught my eye.  To drink, I ordered the regular mojito, my new found beloved drink. I was pleased, very pleased, or should I say my stomach, ruler of what is good or not, was pleased.  The rock shrimp tacos come with margarita foam on top (which stays on top throughout -- how is that?) and were messy to eat but I didn't care they were so good.  The surprising part was that they were quite spicy,  Didn't expect that but loved them.  Pork "cheek" quesadillas were very tasty.  I just had to get over the "cheek" part.  And the ceviche?  I think I loved that best.  it was served on crackers/wafers and satisfied the pit of my stomach, thank you very much.The bill for 3 tapas and my mojito came to a price just under $40.  I was happy; that's the price I would have paid for sushi.  Not cheap by any means, but the service, food, and atmosphere were conducive to me not minding the fare.
5	OMG I had the most satisfying meal at this place. The tapas dishes are absolutely amazing and sized according to price (2 ten dollar tapas easily fills you up)And the quail eggs wrapped in bacon for 2 bucks?! wtf omfg Mmm!Only....do not order the sushi. It is overpriced and standard at best.
3	Since I'm new to sushi and tapas, I hardly knew what to expect at Tamari.  My PIC (Partner In Cuisine) and I went with two other people who are fans of their happy hour so we had already went in with very high expectations.  I was excited to see there was an Aperol Spritz on the drink menu  because you can't find those in Pittsburgh very easily.  I hurredly ordered one of those lovely drinks before delving on to their extensive tapas / meal menu.  My PIC and I literally ordered one of everything off of their happy hour menu to try.  For the most part, we weren't disappointed, but the highlight of our evening was the bacon-wrapped quail eggs on a skewer.  The other dishes were ok, but neither spectacular nor memorable.  We did enjoy watching the chefs at work as it's always impressive to watch how a cohesive group of people can work in such as small space.  They were also very friendly and conversational with us as they worked.  As a side note...for the life of me, I don't know why cilantro has to in everything these days.  That disgusting little plant almost always ruins an otherwise pleasant meal!I give Tamari 3 stars because while the 1/2 price happy hour is worth it, their regular prices are a little high and I'm not sure they cooridnate with the quality of the food.  Also, the service was a little spotty as our waiter forgot to send one of our items to the kitchen and we found ourselves with empty water glasses a couple of times.  Would I try Tamari again?  Sure, I'd go for happy hour, but this time I know what to order (and what NOT to order!)
3	Tamari continues to be okay, but so so so not perfect. The happy hour is lovely, but it only can take place at the bar which is silly. The people who greet at the door are annoying. They make it seem like a reservation is so hard to get and that they will work so hard to help you, but yet, if you don't make a reservation, it is hard to get a seat (although there are ALWAYS many empty seats). There is no need for this place to be pretentious. They need to just relax and be cool...like the people who work behind the bar. Once you get a seat at the bar, you will be happy because the bar tenders are awesome. The food is also pretty consistently good. I just wish the people at the door could relax and they would be cool with happy hour, then it would be a place to go all the time.
3	so we went here for restaurant week. i had read alot about it & was excited to try the food. plus, i had a need for sushi!the 1st thing we noticed was, it was beyond noisy!!! we were seated upstairs & it was just as bad if not worse up there. we could barely carry on a conversation & we had a hard time hearing the waiter. we had to keep asking him to repeat himself. as more people came & drank, the louder it got.the wine selection was a little bare but we got a decent bottle nonetheless. the pricing was actually not to bad.we were going for the restaurant week special, but after looking over the menu, it was too good to pass up! so many yummy looking choices!!! we liked the idea of the tapas as we would be able to try more things! we started with the scallops. we were slightly disappointed in that there were only 2 for $13. i expected at least 3. but they were excellant. cooked perfectly. the sauce on them had us trying to get every last drop! they had a special for the day tapas of yellow fin tuna cheek meat on the jawbone. we felt like we were 1 of the old "iron chefs"!!! it was SO good!!!!!! :) when something is killer good, we "dance" in our seats as we eat it! we were getting down with our bad selves & that jawbone!!! that was the best tasting fish i have ever had. we could have eaten 4 more plates of it!!! next we were on to the makis. i got the chifa & tom the sexy dragon. they were both wonderful. i got my fix! what meal is complete without dessert? we both got the chocolate tart with cayenne pepper in it. it was very tasty,.....at 1st. all the way home, all i could taste was pepper until i went to bed. then, i was up all night, so was tom, eating tums 1 after another. we both felt soooo sick all night. damn.if it was even 1/2 as loud as it was, we'd be happier about going back. the short wine selection, expensive scallops & stomach dissolving pepper don't help with that decision either.
3	Tamari. You're slipping, girl. I've been there a dozen times, starting within a month of opening. The odd manager, Chris, looks like a used car salesman with his baggy Wranglers and Pennysaver sports coat. He has a militant attitude about him that cuts like a knife through the otherwise refined yet laidback atmosphere. The food is exquisite and the drinks magnificent. But the edge? That precise, esoteric, bravado, the ego behind not only creatively crafted food that's also perfectly executed and promptly served? It's long, long gone. It's been replaced by "coasting on our merits" and "oh, you need another water fill up?" The polite servers have been replaced by chubby, pissed off hipsters. I don't like my happy hour with a side of your hopes and dreams deferred.I predict subtle, if any updated menus in the future, followed by a rapidly advancing older clientele inhabiting the emaciated corpse of a once top notch dining experience.
1	I'm super disappointed with their take-out. I eat here probably two or three times  a month, but never ordered take-out, the portion was ridiculously small. I just spent 50 bucks on a meal that I ended up eating chips and dip afterward to get full. I would probably actually go there or just get apps!! I hate when you order take out and they chince it up, wth
4	Best happy hour in pgh, not to mention the spectacular cocktails this place serves; the jalapeno margarita is a must order.Micah is a great dude to talk to, and Alan is a very pleasant owner.My only gripe is that some dishes shine and others fall a little short, which is difficult for the price range. The sushi is generally of above average quality, though pricey as well. Other than that, there's a reason I go here on a regular basis. One of the best places in pgh all around.Rich Campbell is a dingus.
2	I usually love love love this place, but my experience last week was underwhelming. We visited on Friday night and made a reservation for 9:30 through opentable.com, even though we probably didn't need one, as the restaurant was emptying out. We usually order a range of the small plates and sushi. Friday was no different. I ordered the TNT roll, tuna tartare, and the rock shrimp tacos. After a long wait, the tuna tartare was served first. It was tasty, but needed some salt. Also, it didn't taste particularly fresh. It should have been served colder. The TNT roll was good, but it was not particularly special. The shrimp tacos came last. The tiny shrimp were ice cold. We sent them back, even though we never send food back. They served us a fresh set of tacos and they were fine. Nothing special. Tamari has been one of my favorite places to eat in Pittsburgh. The first floor looks shabby. It could use a paint touch up or some deep cleaning. Our service was off. At times we couldn't find our waiter. The weirdest thing was that manager/owner (big man in a big suit) was running around checking on the kitchen and talking to workers, as he has done each time I have visited Tamari. As the kitchen is open to the diners, it stuck me as odd that the big man in the big suit has never ever approached one diner to ask about their experience any time that I have visited.
4	Great food, great service... the BEST HH deals.It is nearly half off all cocktails, etc. which you never can complain about. Sushi rolls for dinner are great and some of the best in the city, clean/fresh and always tasty. I have not yet been disappointed by any of the food items on the menu. REMEMBER...  a lot of the menu items are a tapas-like menu and portions are smaller, so keep that in mind when ordering for yourself and/or your other counterpart.
3	I know Tamari is on a lot of people's Best-of-Pittsburgh lists, but it just never really wowed me so I put off writing a review until I had tried a couple different things on the menu. Now that I've done several dinners, sushi, and brunch, I feel like I'm prepared!The sushi: Without a doubt, one of the best places for sushi in the 'burgh. Most places are hit-or-miss, but Tamari is always on point. The downside? It's a bit overpriced. I'll gladly shell out the cash for orgasmicly fresh sushi, but for just "very good" sushi...idk, $18 average for a roll is pushing it. The Sexy Dragon Roll (shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, cucumber) is something you can get at most sushi places (albeit without the "sexy" descriptor) for $10, and it's $22 here. Hmm...sorry, not paying that much for deep-fried & bbq'd fish, no matter how supposedly seductive it is.The other food: If you think that Latin-Asian fusion is a tricky concept, then you'd be right--some of the dishes on the menu are a miss. The chili-flavored tuna tartare that seems to be a perennial staple on their menu was just gross to me, and the brunch burrito had yummy melty pork belly that was ruined by an odd green curry sauce. However, there's more good than bad! My personal favorites have been their pork belly and calamari plates.As for the prix fixe brunch, most of the food was good, but nothing was incredible and the whole thing was incredibly unbalanced. Most options were super heavy and everything, even the appetizers, came with bread. And you get free bread to start, too. This Italian girl loves her carbs, but it was too much even for me. I'd rather they shave a few dollars off the price and offer smaller, lighter appetizer options--like a salad instead of "bacon and fried egg on a bed of polenta and arugula with a side of grilled bread" (yes, that is one single appetizer choice, though the menu describes it somewhat more eloquently).Overall? I like Tamari but find it to be a little overrated in the face of all the other outstanding options the city has to offer. The menu changes often enough that it's always worth another try, though!
2	i had such high hopes for this place.  food was just ok for the most part and service was lacking.i tried something in all categories and dishes included empanadas, yakitori, lobster two ways and maki.  the empanadas and yakitori were ok.  the lobster dish with lobster tempura and fritters was both a standout and disgusting.  one way, the lobster was fantastic.  the other way, it was clear that old lobster was used as it smelled and tasted funky.  in my book, passing off seafood on the verge of spoiling is totally unacceptable.  for this deceptive cost cutting measure at the customer's expense, they deserve a low rating.the server we had acted like she was doing us a favor.  then, at some point, she totally ignored us and focused on the table next door even though they came later - annoying.i love the concept but they need to work on execution and service.  also, they need professional attentive servers.
2	My first two experiences here were date nights and they were great! It was nice to share some tapas-style dishes and finish with the sushi, though I will say I was more impressed with the tapas than the sushi. Sushi was mediocre to me.My third experience was during Pittsburgh's Restaurant Week. Surprisingly, hardly anyone was at the restaurant when we went. However, it was miserable. The service was horrid. We literally sat for an hour and 15 minutes before only three of the six of us got our first tapas. While I have worked in the industry and understand kitchens get backed up. We all observed other tables (seated after us) getting multiple dishes before us. To make it worse, the waitress and staff ignored us. There was no recognition of our delayed food or poor service. We ended up cancelling the rest of our orders and leaving.  The waitress mumbled under her breath to us and snapped at one of my friends. The manager came to our table and was rude as well. We were all shocked into silence.Moral of the story: Kitchens get backed up, people forget to put in orders, we are all human. But the poor service, lack of communication, and then down right rude response from staff of various levels - unacceptable.
5	Everything I had there was just so good!  The service was almost magical--I never ran out of water but never noticed them refilling my glass--and every single bite I ate was good, whether the first of a plate or the last. Highly recommended.
2	Stopped in for a friend's happy hour, we sat at the upstairs bar because it was 630pm on a friday night and there are no tables available without a reservation. So even if you are not stopping for a full meal I would call ahead for a reservation. Copper, black iron, dark brown wood decor = trendy check... But it creates, a nice romantic "hey want to make out in the dark after this meal?" feel, if you're there for a date night.They are doing the whole asian-latin fusion, thing which means blending of spices and flavorings and placing fancy names on dishes. Also the tapas thing  (word for appetizer type dishes), which I am not a huge fan of. I find it overdone, over americanized and borderline culturally offensive.  I like my food authentic an unfused. But if you are looking to try new foods, and you consider red lobster exotic this would be a good place for you to expand your food knowledge. The calamari was nicely done fluffy decent flavoring, plenty of it for the price I think these tapas dishes start around 8-12$ range, you will need more than one. Fish tacos looked yummy but I did not try them. The cocktail menu is creative the servers friendly, you will some interestng drinks you may not have tried. But the booze is way overpriced, they did not have many flavors of absolut to choose from and so I settled on grey goose pear for a simple vodka soda. I understand grey goose is more of a top shelf vodka but my drinks were ten dollars a piece, sorry 10$ is too high for a vodka soda in lawrenceville. The food should keep  you in business not the alcohol prices. I probably won't be back this place just did not grab me, but I do hope it does well and others enjoy it, it is nice to see business revival in lawrenceville.
2	We heard so many good things about this place, but were always forgetting to make reservations well in advance - this weekend, it was our anniversary, and we decided that the time was right. After reviewing the menu online, and really appreciating the hard work and organization that has gone into their slick website, we felt that it would good experience. Unfortunately, the problems started as soon as we arrived - we were immediately told that the previous party had not vacated the table, and that we should sit at the bar. No problem; I can always appreciate some time to relax and chat with my wife - the problem was that we saw the people leave our table about 10 minutes before the table was bussed and ready for us... (I know that sounds really picky, but at their price point, they have to be held to a higher standard than your average smorgasbord...)So, we sat down and it took about 10 more minutes for the waitress to come over and take some drink orders - no small talk, no discussion of the menu or the restaurant's philosophy; just straight up "whaddya want?" sort of conversation. We placed our drink orders and also ordered two "tapas" to start, and made sure to tell her that we wanted to look over the sushi part of the menu to make our main selections. Our two "tapas" (an order of average ceviche and lackluster yakitori and minute portion of grilled squid skewers) came about 15 minutes later. I will completely admit that I'm a bit demanding when ordering these types of foods, but they are not technichally challenging to execute at home, and again, at this price point, I expect lots of flavor and excellent presentation... It just wasn't there. The ceviche came on a small piece of toast, and this sort of presentation basically makes them have to omit one of the best parts of ceviche - the "leche de tigre" (tiger's milk), which is the liquid mix of lime juice, fish liquid, and other goodies from the ceviche mix - in Peru, people will actually take shots of this as an aphrodisiac... but I digress. The ceviche dish was bland and boring, and our experience stagnated there...I had to flag the bussing staff to ask them if they could take the rest of our order, as our server was nowhere to be found, and when she was in the dining room, she definitely wasn't checking in on us. I realize that we all have "off days," but my gripes with the service extend to the entire staff (except the bussing staff, who were very attentive and did everything they could to help us... they looked a little embarrassed) including the maitre, who seemed to ignore the fact that our meal had really stalled. Again, this may be passable in an inexpensive neighborhood restaurant, where the expectations are lower, but we ended up spending  almost $150 for two people - service should be at least solid at that level.Because of all the trouble with the service, we decided to only order 2 rolls, which are easier to prepare, and we figured would be reasonable. We also ordered the yellowtail sashimi and the kabocha tempura, which were our favorite items of the night and well worth ordering. The fish quality was excellent, and the sashimi was very flavorful. The rolls were OK at best - well constructed, but bland. The "Fall" roll had so much promise in its description - kabocha squash center, topped with "spicy crawfish", with wasabi aioli - it turned out really bland and the crawfish topping was very mealy and was too liberally applied. This roll could use some work - maybe migrate the topping into the roll itself and make it have less squash to reduce the mealiness?Ambience was not good either - they need some acoustic tiles and better ambient music. We really did not appreciate the classic rock emanating from a radio in the kitchen. Come on, you can do better than that! It was hard to actually have a good conversation with my wife, and this probably just was the straw that broke the camel's back... I usually reserve judgement on a restaurant until we have tried it at least 3 or more times, but this experience was very lacking, we just figure there are lots of other places we can try and find more to our liking. Hopefully, others will have a better overall experience than we did.PROSGreat concept - asian and latin fusion is a great idea, and can work well; just ask anyone from Peru (chifa is delicious!)Website is informative and food pictures highlight nice presentationsCONSService was extremely off for our visit - where's the hospitality, guys?Restaurant does not really live up to the "asian-latin fusion" concept. You have to do more than throw a few empanadas and quesadillas on the sushi menu to get credit for fusion cuisine in my opinion. Too many items on menu!!!Restaurant space needs work. I love the kitchen bar concept, but this place does not get it right - cooks aren't interacting with the diners at the kitchen bar. Space is noisy and crowded.
4	We had a great time dining here.  This place serves up some very interesting Asian-Latin fusion food.  It's definitely an upscale establishment with a casual/dressed-down vibe.  The interior has a sleek modern appearance.   Reservations are a must.I wouldn't necessarily come here expecting big portions, but instead small plates, otherwise known as tapas.  Particular dishes I enjoyed included the plantain chips with thick cilantro sauce as well as pico de gallo.  My main critique would be the service: just a bit slow for my tastes.
4	Decor was tasteful, service was pleasant.  Noise level was a little louder than I expected (somebody ignored the "not good for kids" tip the night of our visit).Tapas were hit or miss.  Ordered many, because we were very hungry.  Lobster Mac n Cheese was very good, but the Tuna Tartare was gross to me.  Not sushi fans, so can't speak to that.Overall, I'll give it the benefit of the doubt.  The good of Tamari was very good; the bad was bad to me, but would probably be good for someone else.  I would visit again.
5	I want to start out by saying I may be a little biased. I've been a huge fan of Tamari since it's opening and the owner and his family are good friends.With that said, I want to kick myself for never GOING TO BRUNCH SOONER! (until last week) It wasn't our first choice but my boyfriend and decided almost too late to have brunch. By then, it was 2 p.m. Tamari was one of the few open until 3 p.m. We called up to double check if it was okay to stop by. Expecting a hesitance because most kitchens want to shut down, we were stunned with the warm greeting "no problem, we look forward to seeing you."The service was great, of course. Allen Chen is a great bartender, host, busser, server, and, owner. He recommended the guava - mango bellin. Very unique and flavorful."Small" plates didn't seem small at all. We had the seared tuna and a special bacon (brushed with sweet spicy blend of something awesome...sorry I forgot the official name) , warm grits, with egg. Moments later we feasted on our entree's of huevos rancheros and bulgogi and egg. Both courses were extremely tasty and filling enough for us to skip dinner that evening.So glad there is a unique brunch menu that is not overpriced in a venue that is always pleasing to the eye and super cool. I must get silver beaded curtains for my apartment. STAT!We really appreciated the staff allowing us to be last minute customers and making us feel like we were right at home enjoying a great meal and watching the games.Definitely a must for happy hour, dinner, and now BRUNCH!
5	Great to explore new dishes.
3	The sushi is awesome....and that's it. Three stars for quality of the fish only. The happy hour is half off guacamole And edamame.  The specialty maki rolls are overpriced. Get nigiri/sashimi or simple maki only and then leave. 1 star without quality fish. Don't nickel and dime me with your vizio on behind the bar. I'll be back for sushi though, I'll just wait till I want rules while I dine.
5	The food is superb. There is so much attention to detail put into the food. The menu is diverse and adventurous.Happy hour is awesome. Most of the appetizers and drinks are half off. The sushi is fantastic.
3	Tamari's host is amazing. I see him there all the time, cute as a hipster button in his black specs and bow-tie. Love it!  He provides such a warm introduction to what could be an outstanding experience.  As far as experiences at Tamari go, I've had both sorts - the great and the not-so-great.  Yesterday I experienced the not-so-great.  The Sunday Brunch bunch was out in full force to experience Tamari's brunch for the first time.  Unfortunately, the bar was out of raspberry to make a raspberry Bellini and the kitchen was out of French Toast to make French Toast.  The two items I selected from the website the night before were also no longer available (one was discontinued and the other not available during brunch - though it was listed in the brunch section).  Of course several in the group wanted French Toast and Bellinis, so the meal was already off to a tenuous start.  I ordered the omelet-to-order (egg-white-style) with shrimp, jalapenos, mushrooms and tomatoes along with a side of grilled bread.  Skip the bread (not awesome), but go for the omelet if you're an eggy mood. It was delicious...and big! Between the 11 people in our group, nearly all of the brunch options were sampled.  I let the others review for themselves, but my impression was: the Corn Pancakes got a few big thumbs up, the Salmon Benedict and Huevos Ranchos both received mixed reviews and the bacon small plate was given a resounding "love it."  Our server was on the meh side, but everyone has their days.  Brunch at a place like Tamari is tough. I understand that, given the small menu, they may run out of items.  We also experience this in full force during last month's trip to Bar Marco.  I'm wondering if restaurants of this nature might have luck noting on their respective websites that some items are only available in limited quantities, etc.  Just a thought. My dinner experiences at Tamari have always been pretty pleasant.  Tapas is my favorite way to dine and I'll certainly return; just not sure if I will for brunch.  But hey, there are plenty more Burgh brunches out there and I'll still always turn to Tamari for tapas!
3	I have to say that the interior and the way the kitchen is set up was amazing. The primary reason why I went to Tamar was to eat the sushi. To be honest I was a bit disappointed: the rice wasn't warm and it wasn't cooked enough. The fish tasted ok but for the price that I paid, I don't think it was worth it.None the less, if I ever go back there I would definitely try the breakfast menues because I saw which food were being made at the open kitchen, and they all looked super awesome
5	We had a great dinnertime dining experience at Tamari this past weekend.Nice ambiance with a sleek, simple decor and two floors of restaurant seating.  Also, a bar on each floor with a small lounge area at the top of the second floor.Our waitress, Ariel, was very knowledgeable about the menu and gave us some great tapas recommendations.  We decided to try a few different things and went with three tapas plates as well as the sushi & sashimi platter.For the tapas, we ordered edamame, grilled romaine, and enchiladas.  The grilled romaine was unfamiliar to me, but ended up being totally delicious!  It was served warm and topped with a spicy vinaigrette and creamy queso fresco.  The enchiladas were very tasty as well, and came with a sweet beet puree as well as some sour cream.  I would definitely order these again!Next, the sushi & sashimi platter came out.  For $30, it came with a nice selection of sashimi and nigiri, as well as a California roll.We were both very happy with all of our selections.  The mixture of tapas and sushi was perfectly filling for two people.  Overall, the meal was a little on the expensive side, but we also each had a drink (scotch on the rocks for the boyfriend and caipirinha for me).  We are looking forward to our next visit and trying out a few more of the tapas selections!
4	Ok, yay. I liked Tamari a lot. We haven't had super good sushi since we moved from Seattle and this sushi was top notch. The tuna tartare was delicious as was the daikon kimchee, grilled quail egg with bacon, pork belly...ok everything was delicious. The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars was because it was a little pricey for some stuff and then totally reasonable for other things. I would have liked to see more consistency in the pricing. Also, it was a little hard to tell how big stuff would be ie: 1 skewer = very small vs. pork belly = huge portion.Anyway-here is my roundup....Pros:Quail egg with bacon-you just must.Free daikon kimchee to start (anything free is a win in my book)$5 sangria Fresh fish (any kind of sushi)Cons: unknown variation in size of dishesThe service was great, the food was great, atmosphere great--I def want to check out the patio once we see some sun and warmth. Go here!
5	Always have a great time at Tamari. They have a great happy hour, but be warned its only available at the bar, not at a table.  I have never had bad food here!
2	Oh, Tamari...how I WANT to love you, but alas, I do not. I'm beginning to think I'm a bad luck charm for the Sunday Brunch Club to which I belong.  The members had many good experiences at various brunches around the city, then, BAM, I come along and our experiences head south!  No fear, fellow Brunchers, I am unable to attend our next date, so I'm sure the food will be fab!Back to Tamari, and back to the beginning.  Tamari was very gracious in accommodating our large party. I do love the location and the decor.  Right off the bat - they are out of the drink I was so excited to try (Raspberry-Peach Bellini). I ended up with the Guava-Mango Bellini.  Tasty and refreshing, one of the two parts of my whole dining experience I enjoyed.Now for the food - they were out of a number of menu items.  No biggie; would have appreciated the heads up before we all settled on menu items only to be told they were out of them when we were ordering, not to mention you are hitting me AGAIN running out of an advertised goodie.  Everyone is started off with the cardamom bread, heavy but delicious, just the right amount of sweetness.  Three times a charm...they run out of cardamom bread!  The server asks one of the members of our party if he can serve her half-eaten leftover bread that she did not finish to someone else.....weird and a little gross, amiright?The Brunch Prix Fixe for $22 comes with a drink, the bread, small plate, and entree.  My small plate was DELICIOUS and the one ray of light of my whole Tamari experience, Ancho Glazed Bacon.  The bacon had a maple-y taste and was nice and crunchy.  The compliment of the bitter arugula to the sweet bacon was perfect!So, at this point, it's been 1.5 hours and everyone's entree arrives but mine:(  They promptly cook my entree (it only took 5 minutes) and I was just not impressed with the Huevos Rancheros.  It was simply adequate.  If you go for Brunch, I say skip the Prix Fixe, get a small plate which is plenty of food, and spend your money on the drinks (hopefully, they won't be out of them!)3 stars for the Bellini, Ancho Glazed Bacon, and b/c despite it all, I ended up with a full-belly.  2 stars because 60 bucks for 2 prix fixe brunches (with tip) and spending over 2 hours for a simply "OK" meal - just not worth it.
4	They have a "flowing menu" concept which means the wait staff comes by frequently to take your next order.  The portions are enough for 3-4 to share.  Our favorites were the lobster mac&cheese, ceviche, pork cheek quesadillas and naruto roll.  The calamari and tuna tartare were above average and I would pass on the robata grill.  Cocktails were too sweet and not very strong.  Wine and liquor menu is decent.
4	Delicious, fresh, inventive; easily one of the best meals I've eaten in recent memory and one of the very best places to eat in Pittsburgh.Came here for dinner with friends and had a wonderful time. The space itself is elegantly designed with a sleek yet inviting ambience. The host and staff were friendly and attentive. The tapas format means that food starts coming out to your table relatively quickly, which is also a plus. I was afraid tapas-and-sushi would lead to a huge bill but food and drinks for three people only came out to about $100 which I think is reasonable for such delicious, inventive, and well-prepared food.The meal started with little bowls of daikon kimchi. Daikon is one of my favorite things so that certainly helped to win me over.We ordered the ceviche, cucumber kani salad, seared tuna, tempura calamari, pork belly, empanadas, bulgogi, and the angry lobster maki.In my opinion, everything was pulled off impeccably with the exception of the empanadas, which no one at my table really cared for as they were slightly underseasoned. But the ceviche was fresh and plentiful, piled on top of perfectly crisp tostones. The cucumber kani salad was light, slightly creamy from aioli, and refreshing.The tempura calamari was some of the best fried calamari I've ever eaten. It was so light and crispy. The calamari itself was fresh and tender. It was also a good tapa to put in the rotation because it was a little more filling than some of the others.The bulgogi was nicely marinated and full of flavor, and came served with a bit of kim chi that popped with spicy flavor.I had a cocktail called the Last Word, which included Bluecoat Gin, chartreuse, and lemon bitters. It was good, but a little undersized and overly sweet for my taste.All in all, though, I would hasten to come back to this restaurant in the future. Easily one of the very best restaurants in Pittsburgh and it certainly holds its own when compared to restaurants nationally, as well.
5	BEST HAPPY HOUR EVER!Tapas $10 and under, skewers, as well as beers and cocktails are half off from 5-7pm on the weekdays (not sure if Friday is included.). You have to sit at the bar to get  happy hour prices.I ordered a lychee mojito and a pisco sour. My boyfriend ordered 2 Sapporos and a small-batch brew. We ordered 7 tapas to share. We got:1) Tempura Calamari - Easily the best calamari we have ever had. The curry peanut sauce was unique and surprisingly good with the calamari.2) Lemongrass Chicken Egg Roll - One large egg roll, sliced in half. Very meaty! I absolutely loved this dish, and would have been happy having 4 or 5 of these as my main meal.3) Tamari Fried Rice - Good, but nothing special. 4) Pork Cheek Quesadillas - Meh. This was the only dish we didn't like. There was so much meat. Too much.5) Shrimp Tacos - Two small-medium sized tacos topped with flavored foam. The texture was a little weird at first, but these tacos were very delicious.6) Bulgogi - Chunks of tender, perfectly marinated beef. I loved the kimchee that accompanied this dish. It was more vinegar-y than what I typically get at Korean restaurants.7) Cerviche - Generous portion of fish on top of baked, crispy crackers. Service was courteous. Food came out fast. Total cost for 2 cocktails, 3 beers, and 7 tapas came out to be $61 including tax and a 20% tip. I will definitely be back to try the sushi (and of course, for happy hour)!
3	Went for lunch and had Bento box.  Was very good for the price ($14.00) and lots of choices from the menu for lunch.  Had tuna ceviche which was delicious and pork quesadilla which was also very good.  There are a few reason I am only giving Tamari 3 stars despite the pretty decent food.  Their lunch bento box has a up-charge for sushi, which is dumb, if you can not include it in your prix fixe menu dont have it on there, make it separate as you do the civiche and other tapas.  Also I sure wished our two $11.00 Martini's were actually full.  For $11.00, I would expect the glass to be filled, ours were barely half full.  That was totally disappointing.  The service was kind of slow considering that there was only 8 people in the whole place.
4	My experience at the Lawrenceville location was great. Our duck quesadilla and sushi were tasty. What I love the most about this place is the variety of flavors in their sushi rolls, which are very different from the norm. I LOVE the rooftop seating with the city skyline off in the distance!The only reason I didn't give Tamari 5 stars was because of my experience at their Warrendale location. We attended the opening tasting party. I was really excited about this.  The food was subpar. I think this was because they were not prepared for the number of people that actually attended this tasting party. However, the sushi was still yummy and creative as always!
4	Very cool well set out little restaurant and bar. Good service and flavor packed cooking. The Korean beef was fab and the chocolate panna cotta was exceptional. It was a nice experience and a great restaurant to visit while traveling in Pittsburgh. A little bit different from the usual run of the mill restaurants. Definitely worth a visit. Enjoy!
5	I make it a point to visit Tamari in Lawrenceville after every menu change. This is my favorite restaurant in the city!First things first, best happy hour in town. You and a friend can have 3-4 drinks and enough tapas to make you feel like you ate a 7-course meal, and laugh when the bill comes. I don't know how this place makes it work but it's a steal! Happy hour is full most of the time so it's best to get there around 4 pm to get a seat at the bar. It ends at 6. They have these grilled options, order every single one. If you like bacon, you will LOVE the bacon-wrapped quail egg!The tuna tartare is incredibly fresh and topped with craime fraiche and wasabi tobiko. You can scoop it onto plantain chips. It is a little spicy but has more of a smoky flavor to it. YUM!The empanadas with beef, quail egg, and sambal sauce is also really good. The sambal sauce is garlicky and spicy, and the quail egg and empanada dough add a touch of sweetness. The black bean enchiladas are gooey and delicious and covered in melted cheese. Also the pork belly is done well. The pork is tender and just melts in your mouth, and then you have a crunch from the pickled cucumbers that adds flavor and a cool contrast to the pork itself.For cocktails I always order the St. Germain rose, which is an elderflower liquor poured into a glass of rose. It is simple and delicious. For something a little stronger, try the green tea martini, the aviation, or the lychee martini. The staff is always wonderful! The owner is always working, and he will even come behind a bar and make your drink. I think leadership like this is one of the reasons why this restaurant is so successful. The bartenders and servers know the menu well and know the drinks. They easily accommodate gluten allergies as well and offer gluten free soy sauce! Sushi is always spot on. I went for brunch recently and was blown away. If you haven't tried this place yet, try to make it for happy hour, you will not be disappointed!
4	This place has an interesting menu with an assortment of asian and latin influences.  There are tapas, sushi, and regular entrees.  Everything was fresh, delicious, and artistically presented.  I had the tuna tartare tapas and one of their sushi rolls.  The sushi was a little pricey for the size of the rolls but the quality was excellent.  The happy hour is a great deal for discounts on drinks and half off tapas, but unfortunately you have to sit at the bar to partake of these discounts and there were no available seats at the bar, especially for my party size of 6.  We were able to go inside to buy a drink at the bar but it was so busy and chaotic in there it took about 15 min before we finally got our drink and were able to go outside, but we were unfortunately not able to take advantage of the tapas specials.  But we did get to sit outside in their nice patio area and the weather was great for being outside.
5	Very interesting food. The japanese/latin american fusion is extremely interesting. I enjoyed every dish.
1	While the food was good, we will not be returning, nor would we recommend this place to anyone else--unless you'd like service that's excruciatingly slow, and pretentious, snooty servers and managers.There are other delicious restaurants in Pittsburgh who can offer this quality of food WITH good service as well. Not worth the wait/ snub/ annoyance!
5	I'm glad I decided to give this place a shot because everything we tried was great! The sushi was a little pricey, but all of the tapas were reasonable and well portioned. Definitely visit this place.
5	Great Sunday brunch with innovative Asian-inspired flavors.  Great service.  Will return for tapas and/or sushi.
4	If you don't know already, Tamari serves tapas with a strong Asian influence.We came here last Friday, and aside from some dry bulgogi and pork belly, everything else we had was superb in addition to being nicely presented.  I had the Soft Shell Crab Maki, which was fantastic. Darren's Angry Lobster Maki and Pork Cheek Quesadillas were equally good. The Mussels were excellent as well. For dessert, I had the Spicy Chocolate Tart which was scrumptious with some kick to it. Our server William was awesome and knew the menu like the back of his hand. If I went again, I'd get a reservation. As luck would have it, we got there right before the dinner rush shortly after 5pm, and they were able to seat us at a table that wasn't being used until 7:30, which gave us plenty of time to eat without rushing (we were out of there by 7). Tamari is a bit pricey but we both needed a lot of small plates to feed us (we were both starving), so we probably ate more and spent more than the average person who goes there. I loved the decor too. Very recommended. They deserve the hype.
2	Beautiful renovation of an old building, waitstaff was knowledgeable, food presentation was spectacular--however, the food lacked flavor and the drinks were weak!  Hubby and I made reservations for 7:45 last Friday night and were seated immediately--that was also a plus.  However, I'm sure we won't be back.For our first round we ordered the guacamole, which had a lovely presentation (you mix it together at the table), and the jalapenos gave it a kick!  The ceviche tasked only of lime and nothing more, a huge disappointment as I am a big fan of ceviche.  Both were served with tasty taro chips.  I had a ginger drink that was spicy but small, hubby had some other sort of drink from their special menu--both weak--for $9 a pop I would like to feel a little alcohol!For our second round we ordered the lobster mac and cheese, chicken empanadas, and a beef tips dish.  Hubby liked mac and cheese, I thought it was bland.  Empanadas that came with a "spicy sauce" proved to be less than spicy, but the dough was good.  Beef tips on hominy was needed seasoning, hominy was good, though.  We ordered two more drinks--the signature sangria and a mojito, NOT impressed.  Maybe the drinks would be better if it were happy hour and we were getting them at a discount?  I don't know--but I know my hubby left hungry and came home to eat a bowl of shredded wheat!!
5	Great cocktails and fun atmosphere.  The crinkled copper behind the bar is beautiful and different.  The service is great, especially for the price point.  Food is inventive and delicious.  Menu is updated periodically, usually to the better.
4	Consistently good food and service. Happy hour is one of the best deals in the city.
4	Tamari was interesting. We got there before it even opened to make sure to get seats at the bar for their happy hour. Food: Food was pretty good, but some of the portions were small. The bartender (who was the manager) was pretty bad at remembering to tell us about specials, so we missed out on some stuff that sounded pretty good because he didn't mention it when we asked ... ugh... He was also pretty slow with the drinks.. :(Drinks: tasty, but as I said, the manager was slower than molasses so we ended up ordering two at a time.Atmosphere: ICK. Ok, so I understand it was a little crowded (yet not so crowded that I think we really needed to get there early), but bitch if you steal my seat BETWEEN 2 of my friends TWICE when I go to the bathroom, you are either drunk, stupid, or incredibly rude. WTF are people thinking???I really liked everything about Tamari, but I don't think I want to deal with the hot mess of a crowd again... ever.
3	Excellent food, hands down.  The happy hour deal is likewise excellent.  Unfortunately, word has been out for some time and Happy Hour here is ridiculous.  You will have to arrive at 5PM sharp to get a seat.  The seating at the bar is great, especially the view of the open kitchen adds to the culinary experience.  Service for the most part is good, it can be hit or miss, however.  The sushi special is always excellent and the robata grill is my personal favorite.  The salmon robata is well-seasoned and prepared perfectly.  The chicken robata is somewhat bland and subpar and is the exception to all of the excellent dishes we've had.I think if it weren't for the inconsistency of service, I would give this 5 stars.
2	Yikes! I've heard so many people talk up Tamari and geez! Are your taste buds gone? bad Chinese is better than this place. Maybe that was a wee bit harsh but COME ON! Not a fan at all.Their ceviche was bland and had no flavour. The citrus should enhance the flavours of the dish but it didn't stand a chance. The Robata came with burnt salmon and shrimp plus their idea to do a ponzu butter was extremely odd and just weird. The only good dishes I had ended up being their Korean tenderloin and their Angry lobster roll. Sadly the food here is a little disappointing. Way to let me down. :(Ill give Tamari this and only this their cocktails are delicious but that's not going help much when it comes to me returning. I've had better food at places that were considerably cheaper and better quality. No thank you Tamari. You are not for me.
4	I've been here numerous amount of times, and I always loved the tapas & the cocktails! They a great selection of wine as well! The mac & cheese is to die for! I love their seaweed salad and the grilled Roman lettuce tapas. Their meat and sea food tapas are of high quality as well! Their service is not always the best, but I've noticed a change in the bar staff recently and the new bartenders are really nice! I went once for a Sunday brunch, food was great, but i was surprised it was empty!
5	It is a prefect combination of Latin and Japanese food. I would recommend checking it, I think it would be one of the most unique (in teams of food) restaurant in Pittsburgh
3	While visiting family in Pittsburgh recently, we all decided to try Tamari for Sunday Brunch. Ourgroup totaled 9 people (including 1 infant).While researching on Yelp prior to the visit I have to admit it was kinda hard to get a feel for their vibe and style. Is it sushi? Is it tapas? Well lucky for me I like both!We decided to start off with some sushi for the table including the Lobster roll, the TNT and the Chifa. All of them (to me) were pretty standard but the rest of my table was in love with the Lobster roll.We all decided to do their Brunch Prix Fixe menu. It includes 1 cocktail, 1 small plates and 1 entree. I ordered the Spicy Bloody Mary to beging. It was spicy but lack the underlying savoryness that makes me love Bloody Marys (almost missing that Umami flavor). others at the table ordered the Guava Bellini and the St Germain Rose. The Belini was standard and good but the Rose with that touch of St Germain was super tasty.For my small plate I had the Chicken Empanada. This is a pretty standard offering at most tapas resturants so  was curious to try their version. The crust was good, the chicken was dry and questioned (at our table) if it was in fact chicken and there was also a hardboiled quail egg hiding inside my empanada. Not impressed. Others in our party ordered the Ancho glazed bacon w/ polenta, kale and fried egg as well as the corn cakes with berry compote and the watermelon gazspacho. The bacon itself was super tasty but either thing else on the plate was muddled together. the Corn cakes were dry and the watermelon gazspacho was tasty but on the small side.For entrees I ordered the pork belly burrito w/fried egg. The egg (served on top of the burrito) was rubbery so it got pushed to the other side of the plate. The burrito tasted like something I wold make out of left overs. It was ok but not great. Others ordered the Korean tenderloin and fried egg (which was unanomously the winner) and the lamb curry hash. The hash was super gamey and tasted like the curry was used to try and cover that gamey flavor.Now you might be asking "with all of these negative points in your review, why the 3 star rating?" well to that I say the Cardamon Cinamon roll. These were served to everyone who ordered the brunch prix fixe. These little beauties came with a side of anch butter and were the perfect texture/softness and the spicy butter added the right amount of heat.I would go back again to try normal menu items but not brunch.
1	I'm not sure what happened to this once shining star of Lawrenceville. Living in the neighborhood we were fairly frequent diners. We had a bad experience - a combination of poorly prepared food and atrocious service - so took a break for sveral months. As the memory of our dining fiasco began to fade we started missing our old favorite and decided to give it another go. After all, any place can have an off night and we had a number of prior outings that were quite enjoyable. One drink and one bland appetizer later we packed it in and left for better dining up the street. The service was painfully slow even though the restaurant wasn't remotely busy. When our drinks and appetizer finally arrived they were sadly uninspiring and certainly didn't spark any enthusiasm for a entree course. It such a shame. When the restaurant first opened it offered exciting dishes and top notch service. I'm not sure what happened but these days there are so many other places in Lawrenceville that offer a wonderful dining experience there is no reason to waste your time or money here.
5	I have visted Tamari 3 times now, and each time they have earned far more than 5 stars.  If I could give them 6 I would.My first visit was also my first date with my current boyfriend.  Despite his oversight in not getting a reservation, they found room for us at the far end of the bar and we had a wonderful night talking with the chef, seeing their amazingly delicious food made in front of us, and truly enjoying ourselves.  After the first night at Tamari, I left hoping I would have a chance to come back, and a few months later we did - to another amazing night of great food and excellent service.This review, however, is going to be focused on our most recent visit.My boyfriend's birthday is this week and I wanted to take him to a great meal - so naturally Tamari was my immediate choice.  After placing my reservation, I stopped by the restaurant to see if they could reserve for us the same 2 seats we sat in for our first date.  The hostess was amazing and put a note in to be sure it would happen.  They also agreed to let me drop off a small birthday present and have it waiting for us at our seats.When we arrive (he didn't know where we were going until we got there), we were lead to our seats with the birthday present in place.  Everything was arranged so beautifully and I was really touched with how careful the host and hostess were in making sure we were in exactly the right place.  We were lucky enough to have our reservations during happy hour, and  normally the bar is full, so they worked hard to ensure these 2 seats would be free for us.The food... oh my the food.  As excellent as the service was, the food was even better.  I have read reviews that their ceviche is below expectations, and honestly, either they have changed their recipe in response to those reviews or people are just plum crazy.  The cevice was beautifully balanced between the fish and the vegetables, and my boyfriend commented that he just thought the onions in the dish were amazing.   The ceviche was followed with the mushroom salad, which though it was the weakest of the dishes we had was still really delicious and just a bit spicier than expected.  I have to give kudos to any restaurant that can make a mushroom salad that blows away expectations. Our next 3 dishes we should have ordered 2nds and 3rds of - the special for the night was an ox-tail dumpling, and proved our rule of "always get the special at Tamari".  Seriously - ALWAYS get the special.  The chef manages to find the most amazing fresh ingredients and turn them into something beyond expectations.  Next we had the Pork Belly.  Warning from the server - it is fatty!  OF COURSE!  This dish singlehandedly proves why you shouldn't go to Cure and instead head a few blocks down to Tamari.  HANDS DOWN the most amazing pork belly, with fat that just dissolves in your mouth and seasoning that compliments the pork in every way.  We then had the Chorizo Tacos, and I only wish we hadn't stuffed ourselves silly on the other dishes, because these were SO GOOD, but I was so full.  We'll be going back during another happy hour and ordering these first so we can truly appreciate them!Dessert was a creamy & crunchy creme brulee - with a tiny little birthday candle attached to the corner of the plate.  Again, blown away by the customer service and by the food.Long story short - if you are looking for a great romantic meal in Lawrenceville, or simply a meal that will blow your tastebuds away - go to Tamari.  For my boyfriend and I it will always be "our" restaurant, and we have never been disappointed.  Skip Cure, skip Tender, don't pass go and head right to Tamari.  You won't regret it.
5	Wonderful food, great services, and beautiful.
5	Tamari is amazing.It is a small and narrow space, but you would never notice. The kitchen is integrated right into the dining room. There is seating available directly in front of the kitchen and sushi bar, and you can see the chefs preparing your food right before your eyes. We were seated in front of the sushi bar and it was great to watch them roll and plate their beautiful maki rolls!The menu boasts a wide selection of tapas, small plates, and sushi rolls. Our server recommended ordering 2 or 3 different items. We ordered the TNT Maki and the Lobster Maki as suggested by the sushi chef working before us. I have never had something like the TNT before. The whole sushi roll was lightly tempura'ed (I don't even know if that can be used as a verb!). The Lobster Maki was also delicious and came with lobster tempura as well. We also ordered the Lobster Mac and Cheese, which had a amazing and unique buttery heavenliness about it, which I was informed was the truffle oil. I couldn't stop raving about how delicious their food was!For dessert, we ordered the spicy chocolate torte. The chocolate was rich and the spicy came a little later. Again, something I had never experienced before! This restaurant is original and exquisite. I definitely need to return to try more of their menu. Their executive chef informed us that he has a new special every Wednesday and also recommended trying the Croquetas and the Tamari maki on our next visit. I will definitely be back and sitting front row in front of the kitchen again!
5	Wow. Visiting this town and almost passed up this great little place. Walked by and thought maybe we were too underdressed, but walked in anyway and boy were we wrong. We were treated with extreme kindness, a sense of humor, and the manager, hostess and waitress were so incredibly welcoming. Oh ya, the food....AWESOME! We are quite picky about restaurants in general and food, especially sushi. Everything we had was amazing. 3 sushi rolls, the lobster mac n cheese is a gourmet comfort food perfectly balanced in flavor and texture. Nearly licked the darn plate! Definitely worth the stop if you are in Lawrenceville Pitts.
5	I tried Tamari several months ago while I was still living in Pittsburgh. The service was great and the food was excellent. The shrimp tacos were delicious. The drinks were also wonderful. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed their Manhattan Project.
2	Alright yall. Time to get REAL. As a proud black man who has experienced a plethora of sumptuous dining and everything beneath, I can tell you with authority that this place is too HYPED. Me and mah girl got drinks and sushi (Tamari rolls and Sexy Dragon rolls). The only thing sexy about them rolls was me and mah girl. Basically, the sushi was just decent. At $22 a freakin roll, I expected a Japanese symphony in my mouth. But what I got instead was an old mime from the streets of Tokyo. It tasted decent, fresh, whatever, but it had NO SOUL! Now, all you hipsters on this site should know by now that sushi is all about rice, and fish. It's simple, YA HEAR?!So these fools sauce it up all gooey-like, shaving green onions and what not, confusing the flavor and so forth. Basically, I coulda been eating a raw hot pocket, but the sauce would have fooled me. I thought of that documentary, Juro Dreams of Sushi. I'll bet if Juro was in that joint, he'd be swinging the samurai sword, laying an ASS-WHOOPIN on the folks who came up with that menu.Do yourself a favor: order decent sushi elsewhere. Then, set your wallet on fire--cause you AINT gonna have money left after you eat this average food. Then, pass out on the couch, where I'm gonna be in a minute. PEACE YALL
4	Excellent service, very good food.  The menu concept - asian fusion small plates - is intriguing and the individual items were all very good.  A little more creativity in tying them together might make the concept more interesting.  But we enjoyed ourselves, and our waitress was helpful and efficient.
5	This was my first trip to Pittsburgh and my niece who is a student at the University of Pitt gave my friend and I the best food tour of the area in 1 and half days!  Tamari is close to her apartment and it was the first stop on our culinary tour around town.  We flew in early and were able to get there on time for the 5pm happy hour.  We got there on a Friday at 5pm because she said it fills up fast because the happy hour kicks ass..... and it really does!!  All the drinks and appetizers are half off.  We decided to try a bunch of them and several of the drinks seeing as this was the beginning of our vacations we needed to celebrate!!  There was plenty of room at the bar so we got comfortable and the bartender was such a good sport answering all of our questions and he was very informative as to what everything was made out of and how it was made even the drinks. Everything was very fresh, and the restaurant itself is a very cool and hip type place.  I have been hooked on a drink I had with some yelp friends in Boca called a dark and stormy (thanks Greshka).  Its basically a ginger beer, rum combo and I love it!!  So as I was checking out the drink menu I stumbled upon a drink (I cannot remember the name) that was the same thing and it tasted even better!!  There were just us 3 girls and we ordered the: Tuna Tartare (ginger, chives, leeks, tamari soy, plantain chips) I think it had like a sour cream topping as well it was very good and the only thing that wasn't half off that we ordered.  We also tried the Empanadas (beef, olives, quail egg, sambal, heirloom tomato) they were pretty good.Kale & Brussels sprouts (lemongrass, bacon, pinto, manchego) this was really good the Brussels sprouts were on top of this pinto bean mash  with the crispy kale over the top as well, we really liked this dish.Korean Tenderloin (hominy grits, baby kale, beet chips, Szechuan chili oil) this was awesome as well!! Very tender meat and the hominy grits were really good I have never had them before and I am now a big fan!!That's 4 appetizers and 6 drinks (2 each) and the bill was a total of like $62!!!!  I was shocked!!  We had so much food and the quality was top notch and the drinks were all top shelf liquor no skimping either!!  Service was very good and the place was super clean.  This was a easy 5 star stop and when I go back to visit I will be sure to go back.
5	Yum yum yum. Tamari may be my favorite restaurant...well, second to pusadee's! The atmosphere is nice, the service is awesome, and the menu items are delicious! Last time I was here, my husband and I ordered the guacamole, fish tacos, lobster macaroni and cheese, chicken robata, and fried calamari. The prices are a little expensive, but nothing unreasonable when you consider the quality of what you're being served. Guacamole- the chips are so good and you get to mix the guac ingredients yourself so you know it's fresh too!Fish tacos- the foam topping is so interesting and the tacos are flavorful. There's two per order so one for my husband and I to just get a taste. A+!Lobster Mac n cheese- dear lord. This stuff is heaven in a bowl. A great sharable portion with a nice chunk of lobster on top and plenty more mixed in with the mac!Fried calamari- my husband an do order calamari every time we get a chance. And Tamari's didn't disappoint! It was also a great sharable portion. Crispy and tasty, served with a lemony tasting dipping sauce. Chicken robata- this was the only item we didn't care for. I didn't taste much flavor. It tasted very plain to me.
4	So my sushi-loving friend and I decided to give this place a try, based on yelp! reviews and word of mouth on a Saturday night while visiting Pittsburgh. We were very impressed with this place! My friend and I ended up taking a cab to this place (which, if you don't live nearby, I would recommend driving to this place since it's on a quieter street in Lawrenceville and hailing a cab may be tough) and despite the peaceful exterior, we were immediately struck by the lovely ambiance and interior of Tamari. The restaurant has a cute patio area (which I would imagine would be bustling during the warmer months) which I wish we could've taken advantage of. Once we arrived, we were promptly greeted and taken upstairs to enjoy our meal. My friend and I were concerned about the size of the tapas,  and decided to try 2 small plates and 2 large plates and share - which in my opinion, was well worth it and maybe even a bit too much for us!What we tried:-Chorizo tacos: nice and spicy and piping hot! Loved it -Empanadas w/ chicken: good, but not something we absolutely loved-Lobster Mac N' cheese: DELICIOUS! definitely THE standout on the menu and a must-try! Contains the absolutely necessary panko crumbs and truffle oil and even a bit of lobster for the seafood lover in your group (if you care to share, that is:) - Fried rice: good... for some reason I can't remember everything in this dish but I definitely loved the addition of cilantro? and tomatoes - to me this almost had a middle eastern/indian spin on it versus a latin feel, but no matter what, was still scrumptiousI will say my friend and I didn't go for the sushi at all since I'm not a sushi lover - but even if you're not one, there is still plenty on the menu to try for those willing to explore! I would love to see more options added to the menu for non-sushi lovers and maybe even a seasonal approach to the menu for an added and bonus touch.Definitely a must try and unique gem in Pittsburgh.
1	So, my wife and I were out Saturday night and heard tamari's in Lawrenceville might be a good place to try.  We go into an empty bar room and the snob behind the podium asks if we have a reservation.  We did not.  Just like in an old Seinfeld episode he looks at his book for a moment and informs us that he will not be able to seat us that night.  Yes, the entire night!  Keep in mind the place was empty.  He then tells us that he would gladly seat us at the bar for dinner.  So, we went and spent the $100+ at another good restaurant that knows how to treat a new customer.  My recommendation is don't waste your time at this dump.
4	The prix fixe brunch is not cheap but it provides a good assortment of drink, small and large plate (although the small plate was nearly enough for me on its own!)  Downside of brunching late in the afternoon meant two of our top choice foods were sold out - But the ancho bacon and grits were fab!  The breakfast burrito that followed was still good but less so.  Overall, a Latin-Asian interesting time that was a nice change from eggs and pancakes!
2	I found Tamari over-priced. Did not enjoy the drinks at all, and the food was just OK.
4	I came with a friend for happy hour and I really enjoyed my meal. We started off with the tempura calamari. It was perfectly fried without any heavy greasiness. The pork cheek quesadilla was recommended by the kitchen staff and the dish didn't disappoint. The kale and brussels appetizer was also lovely. The kale was crispy, but not burnt and the brussels were nicely roasted. The bacon and manchego were not prominent flavors in the dish, but wish I had tasted more of these two ingredients. Also loved the slight spiciness of my cocktail, Stormy Root. Great vibe, attentive waitstaff. Will definitely be back.
4	Delicious specialty drinks but a bit small. Food always delicious,  both sushi /sushami and chef specials. Excellent service. Slightly high on price /value.
3	Fish tacos were bland and boring, but the guacamole and grilled romaine were very good! Wish it was warmer so we could have enjoyed the outdoor patio.
5	Updated review: I love going to Tamari bc of the delicious food. Their happy hour is a MUST! I haven't had any problems with the hostess for the past few times I have gone. Great sushi, great food, great environment and great prices!
5	One of the best restaurants in Pittsburgh with a unique fusion of styles (quail eggs wrapped in bacon are a good start). Nice size tapas, great atmosphere, and worth the price.
4	The only downside of our visit was they were going to introduce some new cocktails in 2014 (we visited between Christmas and New Years) and several of the choices on the (old) menu were unavailable because they'd already phased out some of the spirits.Our table of five shared a mix of sushi and other tapas dishes including the lobster mac and cheese and wild mushroom dish. Everything was good and our server was helpful with recommendations. The atmosphere is casual but classy.
5	Tamari is a busy place located in Lawrenceville.  Great food, service and atmosphere.  We were seated at the open counter in the kitchen, which was actually great!  We sampled the small plates and some sushi. The kale and brussel sprout dish was my favorite...grilled to perfection!  We had the seared tuna, which was super fresh and yummy.  The samon maki was great but the shrimp tempura roll was a bit loose and fell apart.  Other than that, a great dinner!
5	great food, great service, and great atmosphere. I would go again if i find myself in Pittsburgh.
4	Very good food, though for the price I think I'd just recommend coming for the Happy Hour with 1/2 food. Would come back though, the empanadas/tacos/sushi were very good!
4	Food and service excellent, recommend to anyone who likes to try multiple dishes.
5	Happy hour prices (half off drinks and apps under $10, plus a $6 sushi roll) combined with a warm atmosphere make this a Lawrenceville gem. Food is unique and delicious without being pretentious. Guac is a favorite. The management here is also FANTASTIC. Frequent about twice a month and they are extremely accommodating, even on busy nights. Will do their best to fit you in and work with your party. We take out of town guests here and they're always impressed. Wish we could go more!
4	I have been there a few times, and I have always been pleased. The food (fusion, small plates, rolls) is tasty and not overpriced (although not cheap). The TNT roll was good, the sort of shepherd pie tasty. For comparison, i was at Grit and Grace the night before - for the second time - and much preferred tamari: the concepts are similar (cocktails, small plates, wine, relaxed atmosphere), but the food just was better at tamari (perhaps G&G was off that night - my first trip there was fine). The only minus was that it closes at 11:00pm! Why so early, folks? Pittsburgh's changing and it would be good to have a later closing time on saturday (like many more recently opened restaurants). And at 11:00 they started cleaning, swiping the floor, making amply clear they wanted us to leave. Not cool, not cool at all. But I'll leave  the 4 stars.
5	we went to tamari for restaurant week. figured it would be a good (and cheap!) way to sample the menu. we both loved it! our reservation was for 4:30, so we were pretty much the only people there when we arrived, but by the time we left, the place was packed. our cocktails were both really tasty and we started off with some edemame.the first course was a salmon spring roll with kim chi butter, watercress, and yuzu foam. best spring roll i've ever had, i'd venture to say. second was volcano maki with white tuna, avocado, and spicy chirashi. also tasty, but didn't stand out as much in my memory, to be honest. third was a petit filet with gorgonzola creme, potato hash, cilantro glaze, and rayu cucumbers. delish and surprisingly filling.our server was also very informative and friendly, and i'd definitely go back!
5	Can't say enough. First the service was great. Started With the tuna tartar it a dip style dish that was fresh and refreshing. Then empanada's stuffed with Peking duck. I would fight someone to eat them again if I had to. lol. Third we went with sushi Plater that was the best I have ever eaten. We also had the braised short ribs that may have been on the best of ever list. The owner Allen was very kind speaking with us a few times. I would recommend to anyone looking for an outstanding night out.
4	Tamari has a good variety of tapas options and great happy hour menu. Concerns were that you have to sit at the bar to receive happy hours prices and space is limited. They have many good drink options and this is a great place to go for an inventive nonalcoholic beverage (they made me a delicious virgin berry mojito). I would go back for happy hour, but the prices seem a little high for their regular menu.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants In Pittsburgh!! I love how creative the chef is with the dishes and how beautifully the dishes are crafted! I've had the lobster mac and cheese numerous times it is by far the best I've ever had! Very rich and melts in your mouth! My boyfriend got us valentines day reservations here and they had a valentines day menu which we did not end up doing but it looked amazing! We got a lot of different dishes and shared them all the guacamole was amazing and the fish tacos! I love this place; the drinks are beautiful and very fun... I love this place it's fun to go to every once in a while because it is expensive but it's worth trying!
4	We went here for lunch on a Sunday and enjoyed it. The sushi was fresh. Although the menu is on the small side, this place is clean, trendy, fun, and the food was freshly prepared. The service was also very good.
5	What a great place! Every time I've dined at Tamari it has been an excellent experience. The food is amazing, especially their specialty sushi rolls. They also have a great happy hour that includes most of their delicious appetizers. Can't wait to go again :)
5	Great atmosphere, food, & service!!! The food presentation was also as wonderful as the food.
4	I loved the food! Fresh and creative.
3	Okay, so this review is purely based on my first time at Tamari.  We started off with 2 cocktails, a mojito and a drink called "house of the rising sun".  I remember asking our waitress if she would recommend the drink house of the rising sun and she simply said "yes". The menu is organized by "small plates", "large plates", "robata" and sushi/maki.  We ordered the sushi platter, chorizo tacos, and the fried calamari...we were unsure if we ordered enough food so we kept a menu. The waitress seemed very oblivious and really didn't care much.  She brought out the sushi platter first and half way through eating the sushi platter she brought out the calamari. Soon, the tacos are brought out also on the side of the table.  We struggled to eat everything at the same time...leaving the tacos to become mushy and dripping in sauce.After the plates were gone, we skipped dessert and waited for our check. After she took our credit card, she proceeded inside and came back carrying a tray of waters for another table. She continued to wait on that table and took their orders while we waited.  Overall, I thought Tamari lacked in service, the dinner ended up taking about 50 mins...considering it was a Monday night and most of the tables were empty. The sashimi were very good and tasted fresh and the calamari was crispy and spicy with a a tasty dipping sauce.  We didn't care much for the tacos since it quickly became mushy. Our bill came out to be $77 including the cocktails which I thought was kind of pricey considering the amount of food.
4	Great sushi....the cocktails are over priced, but delicious. Seriously overpriced. They need to mix up the menu more often, but this is a regular stop. Don't come unless you're in the mood for the fancy night out.....small plates and expensive drinks make for a big bill, but the flavors are awesome.
4	Great apps! Salmon robata especially wonderful.  We always go back for more. Sushi very good. Roasted romaine surprisingly fine. Service terrific.Overall, an experience we will repeat until forcibly restrained.
4	My friend and I went to Tamari for a lady date and it was one of the best dinners I've had in a long time. I went with the pork shank and it was incredible - the shank was enormous (I don't use that word lightly, either) and the meat was tender and falling off the bone. The potato, beet, and apples underneath the pork were a perfect side and super complimentary to the richness of the meat.For dessert, I had the spicy chocolate tart, which was sweet with a slightly spicy afterburn. The fruit on the side was great for balancing the spice of the tart. My friend had the churros, which were warm and tender and came with a side of peanut butter mousse. The service was attentive without being overbearing. I'd love love love to go back sometime soon.
4	I spent 6 weeks in Pittsburgh and found tamari to be the best sushi in the burg. One complaint that I think is a Pittsburgh thing is that when they say they close at 10pm they basically throw you out at 10pm. Being from NYC, if a restaurant says it's open until 10pm and a customer arrives at 945pm; they are seated and served. Unlike Tamari where you are told that the kitchen is closed. Change your hours to reflect your last seating at 9pm so customers have ample time to enjoy their meal and drinks without feeling rushed out when the clock hits 10.  Or to be told while being served the meal that it's last call at 945 for drinks.... Shocks me that a restaurant would not want to make money from a seated customer already in the restaurant. But that's a Pennsylvania mentality for sure ...
4	No matter what featured flavor they are you must try the mussels... House of the rising sun drink is fantastic! Service is always very friendly and professional .. Small but comfortable environment! Encourage you to make reservations.
5	Best sushi/sashimi we have had in recent years.  Very fresh!  It was a nice day so we chose to sit outside.  Street noise wasn't a problem and couldn't have asked for better service.  We will definitely be back.
5	My girlfriend and I had great service, and a lovely meal when we ate here. We opted to sit outside and they had nice umbrellas setup to keep the sun out of our faces. My girlfriend and I both loved the ambiance (we both gave it a 5/5). I ordered the lobster mac & cheese and I loved it so I'd gave them a 5/5 for the food. My girlfriend ordered two vegetarian sushi dishes (neither of us remember what she had). She thought her dish was only okay and she gave her dish 3.5/5. It is a bit pricey but I think it's well worth it. We'll definitely be going here more often.
4	I feel like the best parts of this restaurant were the appetizers and the Robata.  we tried the Tuna Tartar which was extremely fresh and tasty, the plantain chips were a great addition.  For Robata tried the salmon with miso and the flank steak with teriyaki sauce.  Although this was just a skewer of protein it satisfied me as I felt if I ordered an entree of either dish I would of been slightly disappointed.  For an entree I tried their Lobster Roll, which was tempura lobster, cucumber, avocado.  Entree comes with a lobster tail of fried lobster which was a nice addition.  I felt the menu had too many tempura options for maki, I wanted more of a selection on fresh non-fried rolls. My gf had a salmon maki roll and it was really tasty and had a great amount of fish but it was to simple for me, I am a fan of specialty rolls but felt they were all way to similar.
5	Amazing meal!  Great location and vibe.  We got the lavender and blueberry mojitos for drinks - delish!  To eat we had edamame, spicy tuna roll, shrimp tempura roll, and the lobster Mac and cheese.  Perfect portions for 2 of us and everything was amazing.  Among the best, if not the best, sushi I've had in pittsburgh and the lobster Mac and cheese is a must order.
4	This place is so tasty and the food is so pretty and artsy! Go during happy hour on Wednesday evenings, and everything is half off! I love their meat barbecues and plantain chips as appetizers. The shrimp tacos are so beautiful and are topped with this amazing fragrant foam (sounds weird but it tastes great)! Definitely recommend this place.
4	I've been here a few times now and every time has been great. I've tried the sushi, which while not the best, is good for the price in this city. The tuna tar tar is unusual, but I recommend it. Mushroom salad is fantastic. Lobster mac is awesome. Robata is good, but not the best thing on the menu. Also recommend this place for happy hour. Overall, the price is justified by the food quality. This will remain a place that I frequent.
4	This Pan-Asian restaurant with a Latin flair is a gem in Lawrenceville. Had I not read the reviews and checked the map to see where it is, I would have undoubtedly driven past this place without a second glance. Little did I know that this restaurant was featured in Pittsburgh Magazine's Best Restaurants 2013 (http://www.pittsburghmagazine.com/Pittsburgh-Magazine/June-2013/Best-Restaurants-in-Pittsburgh-2013/?cparticle=7&siarticle=6#artanc).The venue offers a covered exterior that allow diners to sit outside, weather permitting. The interior is vibrant and has a large bar, which is great as an after-work hangout. The restaurant offers brunch, lunch, and dinner, but I can only speak for their dinner menu. For our appetizer, we ordered the tempura calamari; for our main dishes, we ordered the Korean Fried Chicken, a Sexy Dragon Roll, and a Sashimi Sampler; and for our side dishes, we ordered the Loaded Potato Confit.The tempura calamari was average, almost underwhelming. I expected a nice big CRUNCH as I bit into the tempura and a tender, juicy calamari to meet my teeth afterward. Instead, there was very little crunch and a little too much oil. The calamari itself was not chewy and rubbery, which was a plus for my appetite (and my teeth).The Korean Fried Chicken! Ah, what a wonderful dish. As a Korean-American, I have had my fair share of American-Korean Fried Chicken and Korean-Korean Fried Chicken (a.k.a. "authentic" Korean Fried Chicken), so I know a good chicken from a bad chicken. When our waitress placed the dish on the table, I was very intrigued. I saw a heaping pile of fried chicken surrounded by a moat of kimchi and corn on the cob, and topped off with some gochujang sauce (Korean spicy sauce). I was skeptical at first because of its...unique presentation. But, as I've learned, never judge a book by its cover, or never judge a dish by its presentation. So, I grabbed a piece and took a bite. This dish made up for what the tempura calamari lacked in the CRUNCH department. Seriously, the crunch was so loud, the couple sitting adjacent to us stopped mid-conversation and stared at us. It wasn't the best Korean Fried Chicken I've had, but it was very decent. The kimchi? Not good. Much, much too sweet and bland to be considered kimchi.Now my own dish, the Sexy Dragon Roll, was indeed sexy--in the taste department. Presentation-wise, it could have put on just a bit more edible makeup. Other than that, the taste of shrimp tempura, cucumber, avocado blanketed in nori and rice, topped with slices of eel made my taste buds quite happy.The Sashimi Platter was the main dish for two other members of my party. I did, however, sneak a couple slices of sake (salmon) while they weren't looking, as it is my favorite type of raw fish. According to them, the sashimi was near-perfect.The side dish, the Loaded Potato Confit, was nothing to rave out. It was almost like eating a breakfast dish of hash brown, or something similar. Yes, it was served with gorgonzola cream (not my favorite cheese in the world, -1 point), bacon (+1 point), cilantro (garnish? 0 point), jalapeno slices (+1 point for the added flavor kick), and truffle oil (a little expensive for a faux-breakfast dish,  no? But +1 point for being daring). Instead of getting this side dish, we probably should have opted for one of the robata dishes (grilled/BBQ'd), like the chicken with chimichurri, bacon and quail egg (why didn't we get this?! I must have missed it on the menu), or the robata sampler (one of each robata with a trio of sauces).Overall, a very nice place to have a business lunch; a nice dinner with a date; or a drink with couple of buddies. Service was good. Food was good (could've been better). Atmosphere was nice, but can get a little noisy (think normal conversation volume or slightly above if you want to talk to your fellow diners).
5	Everything I've had here has been amazing. Plus the service is perfect so yeah, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!"I recommend the Kale and Asparagus Salad and the Lobster Mac and Cheese. You will not be disappointed!
5	We took friends to Tamari  last evening since we have been there on other occasions.  As usual we were not disappointed.  Our server Willa was knowledgeable and efficient.  The food was delicious and our desserts outstanding.  The outside courtyard and rooftop dining areas are a plus in nice weather. Whether you go for dinner or a special occasion you won't be disappointed.
3	I love the bento box concept and wish more places would offer it. It's a great way to get a sense of what a restaurant is capable of. So, trying a bento lunch at a highly regarded neighborhood restaurant is a no brainer for me. With a price tag of sixteen bucks, my expectations were pretty high, and Tamari hit only some of them.The first thing that I notice about the place is the decor. Definitely of an era -- unfortunately one that's already becoming dated -- but the bar still looks fresh. The seat backs are starting to fade and there were some watermarks on the cushions. The floors looked pretty shopworn too, but I will say that the place looks pretty clean overall, so these issues are pretty minor in the grand scheme of things. Mixed reviews on the food. My seaweed salad was great, and the miso-tuna taco was very good. My robata skewers (steak and mushrooms) were pretty meh, tough and dominated by teriyaki sauce. Maki was maki.Overall, not a bad meal at Tamari, but for the price, I expected more.
4	I went for a friend's birthday dinner. The food was excellent and the service was good. As soon as we left, my fiance and I were talking about going back for our anniversary so we could get to try more stuff on the menu. It's kind of expensive but I think reasonable for the quality.The only thing I didn't like was that they split the 12 guests across two tables which I found kind of odd.
4	Very very good. I was surprised. Excellent quality and very tasty. The lack of one star is due to interior. It's nice but could use some detail work.  I would definitely come back.
5	We went to Tamari this past Friday and everything was excellent.  No wait,  got to eat right out on the patio and our server came right over. The food was fantastic and we especially liked the bacon wrapped quail eggs. We got two specials and ate every bit... was seriously amazing. Drinks were tasty and potent, dessert was spot on and our server was tentative the entire time. Felt that everything was 100% up to my expectations and wanted to make sure I showed my appreciation. Wonderful establishment. Will definitely be back.
2	Fancy atmosphere but the food is not all that great. Good? Yeah.Special?  Not really.  Trendy?  You bet. Tamari  is Overhyped in my opinion, it highlights all the "sexy"food trends but doesn't really make a niche for itself
4	I thought that Tamari was excellent.  The sushi and sashimi were fresh, and the lobster mac and cheese was great.  I would happily recommend this place.
5	We came in when the restaurant was empty on a Saturday afternoon. The waitress/bartender was in the middle of eating king but briskly got to her feet and gave us attentive and thorough service. We were in and out just how we wanted with satiated taste buds!
4	Went for my girlfriend's birthday. What impressed me most was the service...our waiter was very friendly and knew a lot about the dishes and their ingredients. He even told us the types of mushrooms in one of our orders. Besides that the food was wonderful and surprisingly satisfying. For the price I would save Tamari for special occasions but definitely one of the best in Pittsburgh.
4	Very good fish. The portions from the grill are very small, but other dishes are huge.
4	Love it here! Great food and cocktails. Not going with a 5 because I feel like it lacks a little soul.
4	I love this place! While Latin fusion sounded a bit strange in the context of sushi, Tamari really surprised me. My boyfriend and I planned a chef's tasting for our anniversary, and the food was great. Not quite my place back at home (we're students at Pitt), but the sushi is fresh and satisfying. The spicy chocolate tart is to die for!
5	Tamari is by far the best fusion type restaurant in the city.The drinks are all pretty balanced.  The wine selection is great.I usually get the Robata sampler or an entree.  I've had the appetizers and small plates, but the entrees and the Robata sampler are too good to pass up on.
5	FRESH! FRESH! FRESH!We stumbled in at 1pm on a Sunday.  The restaurant was not busy.  We loved this unexpected gem and truly give it 5 stars based on fresh quality sushi and flavorful unique dishes.  Our only 5 star rating since moving to Pittsburgh.Quality of sushi is excellent.  Not only the fish, but the wrapping, rice, veggies inside are equally fresh. There sushi menu is limited, but if you are excellent at sushi, you don't need an extensive sushi menu.  Try the Tamari Special is special and a must have!  Other Items (we had bulgogi and egg & shrimp and grits) were really exceptionally tasty.  Environment is welcoming and someone took some effort with the design.  The environment is better than OK, but nothing unique.  The food though was that good that we still give it t stars!
3	I don't know whether I shouldve been upset or concerned for our server. We waited at the bar until our table was ready. When we were seated our server came over and asked if we needed more drinks, naturally because we already had alcoholic beverages we asked for water. Ten mins later after receiving no water, she came back to our table without water.  She asked if we needed anything, which was a little strange given we asked for water. We then said, "yes, water" she then blamed it on the water boy, which there was none. After another 8 mins she walks over with water and spills it over the table behind us. Another 4 mins and then we finally got water. We ordered our appetizers and meals because at that point we were starving. We asked her to bring all the appetizers out first and she did not. She then came to our table 4 times to ask the same question within 3 mins of each other, "can I get you anything else?".  We were confused at how many times we had to say 'no' for her to understand we just wanted to eat. Then we asked for a box, she politely said she would box our food and when she returned it, all of the sushi was mushed and unwrapped! It appeared as though she just grabbed a fork and forcefully slid it in the box without a care! Who wants to eat sushi like that?!?! Then, we asked her to get our bill and split it accordingly, (really simple- everyone gets what they ordered and there was only 4 of us). She messed up our bills 3 times!!! We even had her write it down the second time!!! It's as though she completely forgot she wrote it down! She even ran my friends card and forgot to give it to her! And then she again, blamed it on something else- the POS system! If you've ever served you know how wonderfully great and easy POS systems are! I've worked in fine dining for 6 years!!  Unfortunately, it seemed as something was very off with this woman. She was forgetful and at times, incompetent..... It was the most disappointing experience ever and the worst part was that she didn't ONCE apologize.  I have been looking forward to this place for such a long time and the food was great, but our server was horrible. I urge the management to seek medical help for this girl because something did not add up.
