1	This is one of the cheapest.. ugliest places to stay in mtl especially with the area that it's in.  Also if you have kids with you please try to stay somewhere safer.  The rooms are from the 60's also not been renovated in years...
1	Have I ever stayed at a worse hotel than this? Maybe in Eastern Europe after a trucker i hitchhiked with dropped me off there. Ok, i didn't really hitch hike through eastern Europe, nor stay at sketchy hostels, but you get the point. This hotel has nothing more going for it than its location, and maybe some friendly reception desk staff. The hotel is located about 10 minutes walk from the hip / shopping center area (Rue St. Catherine) and 7 minutes walk from Basilica Notre Dame and the Old Port.  All of the rooms are tiny (yes i had the pleasure of trying out two rooms within 4 hours), smelly, and not clean. In the first room, which was not ready at 11 am and was still being cleaned, was not clean what so ever. The sheets on the double bed were simply made but not changed. It was visible that someone had slept on them previously. The pull out sofa was missing pillows (they were not in the closet nor the dresser). Unhygienic conditions are a good enough reason to complain and switch rooms. The attendant at the front desk offered to either give me new sheets have me put them on or put me in a different room with 4 separate beds (2 bunk beds). While the sheets were clean, everything else was dirtier. The metal string by which you turn a lamp on, was all covered with slimy and sticky dirt and the carpets weren't the cleanest either. The carpets in the public areas such as hallways and elevators, were extremely dirty and seemed to never have been cleaned. Because of the smell and poor laundry detergents, my friend had an allergic reaction and began to both cough a lot as well as itch intensely (hopefully this wasn't bed bugs, which have come to be everywhere recently.) To make matters worse, there were loud shrieks, yells, and glass bottles breaking in the room next door. After 3.5 hours of hell, we decided to get up and leave. The receptionist which had moved me rooms earlier in the night refunded all of my money including parking, as if he knew of the conditions and this was standard policy. When packing the car up in the underground garage, two  young adults (in their early 20s) just randomly showed up there, swearing, cursing, and smoking right underneath the hotel, in the parking garage. As i was checking out, the 2 guys just randomly walked out through the emergency exit door, which is designed to be closed most of the time. I think they were outsiders, not staying at the hotel, but maybe just crashing a party or something.     Refunding brings me to the next point, of paying for your room. Usually at all normal hotels you provide a credit card, which is charged upon check Yout for the hotel rate plus any expenses (restaurant, business center, etc.) Here they placed a pre-authorization for the entire sum of that 1 night's stay plus $100. Why the extra hundred still baffles me. Also for some unknown reason to me, the receptionist upon check-in also made a  hard, carbon copy of the card, as if to double charge. With the pre-authorization deleted i immediately had to close that card down to avoid future fraudulent charges. Tube pre-authorization receipt had all pertinent information to stealing one's credit card.If you would like the convenience of being close to all of Montreal's famous areas, as well as closing your credit card after your stay, then by all means stay here. For just a little more, you can rent Marriott's Residence Inn, which is clean, comfortable, and has good breakfasts.Overall grade, D+ for location' and the friendly and happy staff at the reception desk.
2	upon entering our sleeping quarters at Travelodge I couldn't stop the sinking sensation that slowly spread throughout my body.  The room was habitable, yet barely so.  Had we been paying a nominal fee normally associated with a low-end budget hostel in Nicaragua I would have been ecstatic, yet here we were in Montreal, and due to lack of available inventory we were essentially relegated to paying $130/ night for a room with rickety wrought iron bunk beds, a grainy 11 inch TV perched at a neck straining level in the far corner of the room and an indeterminate stench that permeated throughout.  To be fair I should mention that a continental breakfast and WiFi were included in the rate, yet the WiFi was unreliable and at breakfast we were forced to forage for the few remaining scraps of fruit and other miscellaneous breakfast items deemed unpalatable by previous hotel guests.  A good ole hangover breakfast it was not!On a more positive note-the staff were incredibly friendly and did try and do their best to offer directions, tips on the city... However you should avoid staying here unless it is absolutely necessary.
1	I have to update my review for this Travelodge.  We recently stayed here again, and it was completely disgusting.  The only good thing, was that there was climate control.  Other than that:-The room stunk of wet dog.-Early in the morning, I would awaken to the smell of cigarette smoke, even in the hallway.-The complimentary breakfast was disgusting.  The bread was hard and dry.-The wifi did not work, even in the lobby.  So I was forced to use my cell phone to check my email, which cost me about $80 in fees.-The television barely recieved five random channels at a time, they would fade in and out.For over $100 per night, this place is a total dump.  There are many better hotels in the area to stay at that are cheaper.
2	We choose this hotel based on price and location  The continental breakfast was goodNothing fancy  just a place to sleepThere was free wi fi
2	My wife and I have been here two days, with two more to go. Room is tiny, shower is tiny, bed is tiny. Shower head is broken, ice machine doesn't work, breakfast is terrible, wi-fi is poor (weak signal everywhere in the building). But it's a good location, and the staff has been friendly, so I give it two stars.
3	Holy crap the rooms are small. Felt like I was in a cruise cabin rather than a hotel room!! Great downtown Montreal location but seriously, don't come here with high standards.  Not recommended for elderly or those with back problems. We slept on BUNK BEDS!! And since the top ones are bolted to the walls and I got a bottom bunk, I didn't sleep well all night...paranoid that I would wake up paralyzed and crushed.  Air conditioning only had 2 settings: walk in freezer-cold and tropical moldy humid.Lobby is nice and staff are friendly.  Wifi is SO slow.  Parking is $19 at the hotel and allows in/outs but since there's only 20 spots it's first come first serve.  If you don't get one, you'll have to park a few blocks away also for $19 but no ins/outs! :(They do provide adequately sized towels, shampoo/conditioner, and body lotion. And we don't book hotels to stay at them all day so I'd reserve again if there wasn't anything more affordable.
2	Okay, this place is not for everyone, but it does have its advantages.First off, know that it's more of a dorm than a hotel.  The rooms are small, but clean.  The beds a as hard as a rock (which I prefer to super-squishy) and there are almost zero amenities.  I think the place has ONE ice machine.  The "continent" referred to in the continental breakfast is Africa.  A few types of stale rolls, cheap cereal and (if you're lucky) a piece of fruit.  If you're over 50 and make decent money. try somewhere else.  The good news is that it's very close to a big shopping market (and a liquor store) so if you're staying more than a couple of days you can save some money instead of eating out all the time.  I got in for $92/night on priceline at a time when everything else was booked.  Will work in a pinch, but it's definitely spartan.
3	Note: This is a Travelodge.  If you want a five star experience, this is not it.Now, let me tell you what is fantastic about this, and why I would come back here in a heart beat.The rooms are small - but this in Montreal.  If you're doing anything in your room other than sleeping then you're doing it wrong.  Breakfast is free.  It feels like a hostel when you're in the breakfast room - international experience as people all fill their faces, sneak some food into their bags, and head out for the day.It's right beside China Town (which is a great place to be.)  It's walking to the subway, it's walking to the bus.  It's walking to the city, it's walking to the water.  It's perfectly located.You can easily walk from the Train Station to this hotel without hating yourself.Aside from the small rooms - there's no reason not to stay here.Mind you, if you like a big room, and a TV that works - this place is not for you.  Just keep that in mind.Personally, the fact that it's near the big energy building (giant glowing logo marking its position in the night) was a nice bonus for me too.  Could never get lost.
2	I guess I wasn't surprised as it was metropolitan Travelodge, not known as exquisite.  The good:  Location:  Next to Chinatown, easy walking distance to Old Montreal and business center, trains, busses, etc.  Also a parking garage. The bad: Small rooms, only twin or double beds, unusable telephone service.  American (Verizon) cell phones pay very expensive roaming fees, worse for data.  No washers or dryers.  No decaf coffee in room or available at front desk. The usual:  Good television, nice continental breakfast facilities with extensive carbohydrate selections of bread, fruit, and cereals.  A bit shy of proteins or eggs, and only place in hotel where Sanka (decaffeinated instant coffee, for you youngsters) was available, and "restaurant" only open for breakfast.  Oh yeah, the carpet in room was "filthy"--to quote my wife.
