5	Ray's has been a staple in my diet since my father discovered it in the late 90's. I will and do drive 23 miles from my house for the best pizza in AZ. When I order a pie, I'll order it with extra sauce, light on the cheese with a crispy bottom, but then again, I am from NY. When I go to get a slice, it is tasy, although a little bit heavy on the cheese for me, but a Zoni's dream.I love the spinach and tomato slice.Warning for vegetarians... they have chnages their pasta sauce to incllude sausage. Not my cup of tea in the slightest. I'll stick with the pizza.
4	Great pizza...but as another reviewer mentioned -- they are a bit feisty. Be forewarned that the slices are humungous, so one might do it if you have a small appetite, like moi.
5	Ray's Pizza, authentic New York Pizza, and the only place to get Authentic NY Pizza...end of story.
4	When I got the invite from a friend that we will call 'Little Hulk' to go grab a slice of pizza at his all time favorite spot, I was in. Along with his lovely wife Lindsay (a New Yorker, I might add), our friend Monty, and my hubby Shane, we all headed to a place called 'Ray's Pizza' for our Saturday night grub. Located in a 'strip mall' (let's face it, everything around here is in a strip mall)  I realized that this is definitely not the local 'Saturday night hang out' since there were only three tables occupied. I became a little skeptical, I must admit. When Monty arrived (fashionably late) we all got up from our comfy booth (yes.. it was comfy) and went to order our slice (slices for me) of pizza . After looking at the menu that hangs in the wall, I was surprised to see that they also offered a selection of drinks- wine, pop (soda..depending where you're from) and beer. I ordered a Moretti beer (an Italian lager) that came with a frosty mug glass.. didn't even have to ask for it! Lindsay ordered a cheese pizza from the different display of slices that they offered, and asked to have fresh tomatoes and jalapenos added to it..my kind of girl. I had a thick crust (squared shape) cheese slice (middle slice, I might add), and a cheese, garlic and spinach slice. Both slices were good, but after one bite of my cheese pizza..I was so happy! The cheese was gooey and tasty, the sauce was mild but packed with flavor, and the crust was buttery with a little crunch. We all enjoyed our pizza!Skeptical? after a few bites, I was a fan.
3	On our way out of Staples we couldn't help but become enticed by the smell of fresh baked pizza.. following our noses we saw the window.. frickin nice! It reminded me of some of the Asian places in San Francisco where you can see before you buy.. so many wonderful looking pizzas.. Ordered 3 slices and had seat.. this place is immaculately clean, huge kudos!! Pizza, cheese, pepperoni and a slice of cheese Sicilian.. all were really good, not like amazing or anything but very solid. I like the fact that they had herbs, parm cheese and garlic powder to dust your slices with. While I wouldn't go out of my way for Rays Pizza, Id certainly come back when in that neck of the woods.
1	Horrible. Being Italian and from the east coast I am a snob when it comes to good italian food. This place was horrible. I had the baked ziti and antipasa. To much dressing on the salad and no sauce on the ziti.
4	I've been coming here for years, and I feel like there has been a drop in quality. I still drop in from time to time, and have relatively good service, but the food has gone down a bit. Apart from a few misunderstandings with the workers (due to heavy accents or other reasons), they are generally helpful and nice. I still vastly prefer Rays to other pizza places, and would recommend it to others.
4	Had the thick crust Sicilian pepperoni 3/14/2009, took it to the drive in movies, and while it was expensive (23 bucks), it was worth it! This baby could feed 6 people, and it was pretty good as well. I wouldn't get this on a regular basis because of the price and the calories, but I think its the best pizza they have.
1	My girlfriend and I went to check this place out, mind you I'm asian and she is half-irish/half-jamacian. We were given the coldest look when we came in. Ordered a large square pan, was given a 35 minute wait, and a hour later no pizza because we found out another group who ordered the same thing was given the pizza we ordered. BULLSHIT, that is some racist ass stuff. So he instead gave us a medium sized pan and refunded us the difference. In the end pizza was bland and cheaply made. Waste of time and money. Will NEVER come back!RATING: GARBAGE!
2	So I'm a typical dumb american who's been to New York several times and then drives by Ray's and says "HOLY CRAP, THERE'S A RAY'S PIZZA HERE!!!!!!" No. Epic fail dumb American, See "copying business practices" in business ethics book.I understand that Ray's Pizza in NYC is for the most part independent but,I'm not that impressed with "Rays Pizza" in AZ, I'm just....not.I don't know if I'm getting my hopes up too high everytime I  pull up to the place or, if I'm just going when my pizza palate isn't at it's peak.Either way, both times I've gone, I mean yeah I'm satisfied and all but a part of me says, Meh, I've had better. The slices out front look delicious but just IMO fail to deliver the extraordinary cheese, greasy meats and crispy/chewy crust that all come with the NY pizza dining experience.I guess it's okay, I just feel you can get a better slice from NYPD pizza or Joe's in old town.
5	Wow' I love a thin crust pizza and this is great stuff. Always hot and fresh daily. By the slice is a great fast lunch any day of the week! Try the Chicken Alfredo! Delish!
4	Grew up back East NY/NJ area so I am fine with being a Pizza Snob.  Have to say that Ray's Pizza is one of my favorite Pizza's in Phoenix Area.  Giving it a 4 star because the mushroom pizza is not very good.  Mushrooms taste like can mushrooms.  Other than that everything else is fantastic.  Tastes like home.
4	Knowing my love of pizza and my search for an AZ favorite, a co-worker highly recommended that I try Ray's.  Wanting to to see if the pizza was really as good as he claimed, I braved the never-ending strip mall/parking rodeo that houses this location and oh, I am so glad I did!  Walking up to the door, I nearly swooned over the beautiful aroma of baking crust, garlic and red sauce.  For me, it holds the same allure that "new car smell" holds for guys.  Inside is even better!  It is kind of a controlled chaos near the entry - lots going on but somehow it all works.  The guys behind the counter were taking orders, handing out food and working 5 ovens that I could see at the same time - very impressive!  Initially I was just going to try a slice, but decided I needed a whole pie all to myself!  It was ready quickly, and I am very proud of myself that I did not immediately rip the box open in the parking lot.  I managed to wait until I got home to savor the flavor!  Of course I went with the pepperoni and mushroom new place test combo and I was very happy.  Even reheated for lunch the next day, very tasty.  Yay!
4	If you are looking for respectable New York-style pizza by the slice, Ray's is worth a visit.  If you're only interested in taking down a whole pie, don't fret because you can get that here too.I have had their cheese slices, sausage slices, mushroom slices, and Sicilian pieces on many occasions.  All of these are good options, especially if you are looking to taste a vestige of New York cuisine.
4	So here's the thing.  Intellectually, I KNOW this is not the best pizza in the world, let alone Scottsdale.  However, if you happen to be from New Jersey (as I am)... THIS is pizza as you know it.  What does that mean?  Greasy, chewy pizza that you turn into a pizza cone and pour the grease out.. and THEN mop the rest up with a napkin before eating... charred crust with BIG bubbles...served by guys in grease stained white aprons and thick accents.  Ray's is right next to the North Scottsdale Animal Hospital so it's likely enough that you'll catch a view of a doggy taking a poo while enjoying your greasy pizza (possibly one of my doggies, in fact).  However, all that said, Ray's is worth a visit, and if you're from NJ or wish you were.. a second, third, and 50th visit too.
2	The food gets 4 stars, but they lose 2 stars for LOUSY service.The pizza is pretty good NY style pizza.  The crust is cooked just the right amount, just a little crispy on the bottom and the perfect consistency to eat folded.  Because we are a family of five we tend to buy a whole pizza rather than by the slice.  Wings were also good and very saucy.  We got the mediums, and they were just the right amount of spicy for everyone to enjoy.  They had a deal for a large pizza and 25 wings for $22.  Watch out, though, because the drinks are $2.50 each, so with a family of five we paid over $12 just for the drinks!Dining room and restrooms were both clean.Unfortunately, what detracts from the Ray's Pizza experience is the service.  The service SUCKS.  We were told we would get the wings first, and then our pizza would come out.  They yell out to you from the counter when your order is ready, but you cannot understand what they are yelling out.  I kept checking to see if our wings were ready every time someone yelled.  After about 15 minutes, I went to the counter to ask about the wings.  They told me they take a while to cook.  (Huh?)  Finally, they called out our pizza order; still no wings.  I again asked about the wings and the man behind the counter said they would bring them to us.  We started eating the pizza and when the wings finally came they were COLD, like they came out of the refrigerator.  Even the plate they were on was cold.  I hate sending food back, but I carried them up to the counter and gave them back to be heated up.  The girl who was at the counter look perplexed when I told her the wings were cold, like she did not know what to do.  The man working the pizza ovens, though, took them and said he would heat them up and bring them out to us.  10 minutes later, we were finally eating our wings.The service problem is not so much in the screw-up.  I am a forgiving person and mistakes happen.  The service problem is in the attitude  of the people who work there.  Just a rude and abrupt demeanor.  You are not a guest in there restaurant, they are doing you a favor.  It's too bad that bad service detracts so much from good food.
4	Picked up two pies for a Superbowl party. Should have gotten three, they were gone too fast. Great flavor with the perfect amount of sauce. A chewy crust that is begging for the fold-over....NY style. Wish they deliver, but even so, the best traditional pizza I have found in the desert. Even better is to stop in for a slice. When they reheat the slices they get and even better finish on the crust.
1	I have been to Ray's twice. Once for an Eggplant Parmasean Sandwich and once for a Meatball Calzone. The Eggplant Parmasean was Meh and the Meatball Calzone had me saying "Where's the Beef?". The Calzone really didn't have any taste. I will never go back to Ray's.
4	I rate the pizza as 4 stars but the service is 1 star. I'll have to agree with the previous posts about good food but crummy service. I am a huge fan of their pizza, but honestly, I'm a little frightened to go in there to order. I sometimes feel as though I'm rushed to order my food. They seem really impatient and it's almost a bother to them. When they do shout out  that your food is ready, I have no idea if it's mine or not. Typically you have other customers just looking at eachother wondering if it's your food or theirs. They are just plain rude but the pizza is so good, argh! I don't know if it's because of the service or what, but lately that place seems kinda empty. Would it kill you to crack a smile once in awhile?
1	Take this place off my list!  First of all, they are very disorganized, no system at all.  A coworker likes going to this place so another coworker and I decided to try it.  What a disappointment.  $7.00 for a lunch special of drink, salad and slice of pizza.  NOT WORTH IT!  After placing our order, we paid, no one told us what to do next, we stood around looking lost, then a server comes out with our salad, we told her where we wanted to sit.  We started eating our salad, and again, lost... Where is our pizza? So I go back to the counter and one of the guys behind the counter asked what I was waiting for, and I said the cheese pizza that comes with the special.  No one had gotten the pizza ready so he gets a slice of cheese pizza, I told him two please, he sticks it in the oven to warm it up.  Again, I am standing not know what to do or what is going on.  After 5 minutes, I asked how long it will take to warm up the pizza, he says it's ready, takes it out, puts it in this cheap thin paper plate and hands it to me and I had to almost run to my table as the pizza was HOT and I didn't want to burn myself...  Eeeks!   The salad is packaged, pizza too cheesy and soggy.   Nope, this place is totally off my list...
3	A very nice pizza.  I haven't made up my mind which is more authentic, NYPD or Ray's.  Both, have the thin NY style crust, but NYPD makes me feel like I'm waiting for an E train to Queens; whereas Ray's feels more upper east side-ish.
1	I was really excited to try Ray's Pizza, as I recently moved here from NYC and was missing the pizza terribly.Unfortunately, this pizza reminded me more of Pizza Hut than even the worst pizza place in Brooklyn. NY pizza requires a sweeter crust, doughy but still crispy on the bottom, and sause with actual flavor. This crust was like cardboard. You couldn't fold the pizza because the crust was so dry that it broke if you bent it at all. The sauce was bland and was missing all of the flavors you would expect from a good slice. I don't even want to talk about the cheese but I will. It was probably kraft cheese. It tasted like nothing and didn't move. Also, the service is bad. I get it that New Yorkers have attitude... but it wasnt the attitude that was wrong. It was that they forgot to put our pizza in the oven when we ordered it. We had to remind them that the pizza sitting on the counter should go in the oven so that it would eventially come out of the oven and end up on our table.  Maybe we should have just left it behind the counter after all...
4	I think Ray's has very good pizza as far as Ny style pizza goes. I'm surprised that the reviews are so inconsistent.I think when you compare pizza from different restaurants, you have to compare cheese to cheese. Forget the meats, etc.  .  Pizza should be judged on just the crust, sauce, and cheese.Ray's makes a great slice. Crust is perfect. Crispness on bottom and I can still  do the NY foldover.  I'd recommend this place for a traditional slice.Note: It's always been very clean when I'm there and I like that there's plenty of seating.  My kids enjoy the sports channels.
4	What a fantastic find - I can't believe how many times I passed this place by... I have been here three times in two weeks now. The slices are perfect for lunch (one is plenty) - they also have great salad/pizza lunch combos, etc... I will be by for dinner and get my own pie soon.
3	Good destination for pizza. Would frequently go there for a slice at lunch when I worked in the area. Nice New York style pizza with a crisp crust.
5	I had the $6 Slice/Salad/Drink special and I left completely satisfied. Nice people, too. I used to live in NY and the pizza was just as good right here.
2	Food is average.. $10 for a slice and small wings topped with bad service!
4	Delicious greasy pizza. The crust is nice and crunchy. The cheese is delightfully gooey. Great lunch place!
3	It's good pizza but I think it's totally overrated and over priced.
1	Thought I would give them a 2nd chance... Bad idea! Employees make you feel like your putting them out for ordering overpriced pizza. this place will be out of business If  the owners don't  make a change quickly.
4	Good slices here, especially at 10:30 when the first round of pies come out of the oven.  Prices not bad either.  Quick.  Tasty.  Lots of parking.
5	This is a Sunday standby or always good for watching the game!  Normally, I am decidedly vegetarian when it comes to pizza, but the sausage pizza from Ray's is out of this world.
4	Ray's has great pizza. I was born and raised on Brooklyn... so I think I an say safely that I know what a "Ray's" pizza should be like. And this place is pretty close. I am NOT a fan of their chicken wings... sorry. I HATE chicken wings that sit on an inch of the wing sauce. I know some people do like it that way... I do not. Redendo's (down the street) has way better (crispy) wings.Ray's does have a great variety of gourmet style pizza. Most is available in "slice" format. The prices are reasonable... if leaning towards the expensive side. I like the pizza in the "window"... very reminiscent of my NYC days.
4	I tried Ray's Pizza for the first time yesterday. The dining room was very spacious and clean. The pizza was tasty--- a little bit old, but I was there at 2:30 or so, so not a typical lunch or dinner time frame. All of the staff was friendly and professional except for the woman that rung us up. She was very unhappy looking and was wearing sweats. That was a little weird. I'll definitely give them another try though.
3	I'm not disappointed with Ray's Pizza, I'm just not all that impressed either.  It probably doesn't help that when it comes to the battle of New York vs Chicago pizza, I'm Chicago all the way.Ray's pizza is quite cheesy, the crust is very crunchy.  $2.50 for a generously cut slice (that's for cheese, toppings are extra) isn't too steep.  I had a slice of cheese and a slice of Pesto.  Both were good, just not anything amazing.  I can't say I've ever been to THE Ray's Pizza in New York (or any of the infinite number of other places in New York also called Ray's), so I can't compare if this is anything like the real New York pie.There's nothing wrong with Ray's Pizza.  I just wouldn't go out of my way to eat there again.
2	USE to be the best Pizza in town. Unfortunately that was like 10 years ago. Now this place is overpriced at about $10 for 2 slices and a drink. Trust me you can find better pizza almost anywhere and they charge for ranch as do most pizza places. But isn't a pizza joint charging for ranch the same as a burger place charging for ketchup?
2	I don't get it. I ordered a couple of slices of veggie pizza. It was loaded with fresh veggies and I love that, but the overall taste of the pizza was just OK. This pizza must be eaten immediately, the leftover slice 2 hours later made me wanna cry. I only ate half of it and sadly threw it out! I spent way to much money for bad pizza.
2	Not a fan, not even a little bit. Underwhelmed by the overall taste and the sauce on the slice, which I think is the most significant ingredient was bland. Not likely to give Ray a chance to make a second impression.
4	To say I was excited to see a Ray's out here for the first time would be an understatement. It's not as good as the Ray's in Manhattan, but it's damn close enough for me.  I love these "pizza-by -the-slice joints. I hate when I'm craving pizza, but I don't want a whole pizza. So it's a good place for lunch, or to grab a quick slice if pizza. Fair prices and it's run by some real New Yorkers. Tip- go with the freshest looking pizza
3	Crispy crust and decent toppings on Ray's pizza slices.  Really inexpensive which was great with me since I had to wait around for a meeting in Scottsdale the day that I went to Ray's.  The owners were there helping the busy lunch crowd.  The pizza choices are set out and the slices are pre-baked.  Once you order, they slide the slices back into the oven and it does come out perfect!  Ray's is clean and spacious, great for lunch with or without kids.
3	The pizza here is great and I love their hot wings. But the one downside is the one asshat behind the counter. I keep wondering why I give then my money when some of their staff can be so out right rude. The plus side is at least the cashiers seem to be friendly.
1	First couple times I went to Rays I was impressed....good pepperoni pizza...although the person making the pizza...I later found out was the owner was rude and I almost walked out the very first time ....I decided since the pizza was decent I would deal with the "Pizza Nazi" ...after bringing the whole family in for pizza while they  were in town from Chicago  I was pleased the staff was helpful...until we tasted the pizza with everything on it...it was soggy and just plain GROSS...Of course I am a Chicagoian...with New York roots and love both styles of pizza....this pizza was plain unacceptable....however having dealing with the owner in the past we chose to never come back...That was almost a year ago..and I have never been back...If a restaurant has good food and a horrible staff or owner....then it simply is not worth going back...Rays has other locations and there are several good pizza places out there...Why settle?
1	Worst place ever. Being from jersey I feel embarrassed for the clowns that run this place that call it "pizza." Here's a clue...travel to the east coast and look at the crust to make sure you know its thin and doesn't taste like cardboard. And when your sign says open till 1130 on Friday and it's 1030...try and look polite and invite your customers in by taking their order. All they had were 8 nasty slices of pizza made like yesterday denying to even make you a cheese pie with 1 hour left until they close. Welcome to America and learn to treat your customers with respect. We're the reason you have anything. Don't worry I won't be back to hassle you with making me pizza at YOUR pizza restaurant.
4	Is it the Ray's from New York? Doubtful. That being said, and for who anyone who knows anything about New York Pizza IN New York, there are a thousand "Ray's" and "Famous Ray's" and the like, and this could very well be one of them. It's not the most amazing pizza I've ever had, but it's far from the worst too. Pizza is such a subjective thing these days, and I truly feel that people have been too hard on this place. Its really good New York style pizza. That sentence should tell you everything you need to know about the place. If that's not good enough for you, ok...then here's some more you should know:The pizza is damn good, the service is damn good, and the prices are fair. Other than that, its pizza, ok? Good pizza. If I lived in the area, it would probably be my go-to for delivery (if they offer that, I don't remember). We live in AZ, people. Great NY pizza is hard to find, and this is some of the better stuff around.
1	Most disqusting pizza I have ever tasted. 2 Slices and a soda for over $8.00? Are you kidding me? Stop trying to imitate NY style pizza and create your own. This joint belongs to the same group with Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa John's and Little Caesar's.
3	Solid lunch option that gets by more so on its budget friendly price then pizza.  Regardless, still the best slice in the neighborhood for a quick lunch.
4	Ray's Pizza is a good, go-to spot to grab a slice or a full pie. I'm not sure why there are 5,000,000 Ray's Pizzas throughout the country, because there cannot be that many dudes named Ray, but I digress.Anytime you walk in, you are greeted very warmly, and there are always at least five different types of slices available. In addition, Ray's has Sicilian slices, which not many places do- which is also a bonus. After you pick your slices they go in the pizza ovens for a quick reheat- and the slices come out and taste amazing.The dining area is vast and clean, with plenty of TVs to watch as you eat your pie. All in all you cannot go wrong here, unless you are weird and get a salad at a pizza place, which in that case you are strange and your friends talk about you when you're not around.
5	When I lived in Scottsdale, I would eat Ray's Pizza after Wado almost every Tues/Thurs at 8pm, the employees are great people, and collaborate very well. The pizza is always warm, delicious, and most importantly, safe. There's a reason the pizza is pricey people! It's pricey because they buy high quality ingredients to make sure you don't wreck your toilets! I live in Tempe now, it's about a 15 minute drive to Ray's, but me and my buds still make the trip, and are more than satisfied every time. The best part of the restaurant is the atmosphere, it's inviting, well lit, clean, entertaining (there are 3 HD televisions in the place), and family friendly. To all the people comparing the place to New York and Jersey, you do realize this place is in SCOTTSDALE, of course it's incomparable!If you're ever in the area, stop by and grab a slice, you won't regret it.
4	Thin crust, good sauce, fast service, and clean. If you like New York style pizza and you're in the area this isn't a bad option.
2	Have been coming here for over 10 yrs and sorry to say will not be going back. Restaurant is clean, sometimes with friendly service, sometimes with poor attitudes and bad service.  I have been dealing with that for 10 yrs and am ok with it. What I can't deal with is the thick crunchy crust I have been getting lately. I keep giving them another chance but the crust has only gotten crunchier and thicker. There is NOTHING NY about this pizza any more. Many of these reviews praise their thin crust?  I cannot agree with that in any way, shape or form. Their menu is not bad and I have no complaints there but am terribly disappointed in how their pizza has progressively gotten c over the last year or two, to the point I will not go back after 10 yrs.  This is sad.
3	The Pizza & Wings Special is great, and good NY pizza-by-the-slice.
2	Maybe I should have tried the pizza and not a sandwich.....I usually don't write reviews after one visit but this was so bad, I can't wait.  I looked at their menu online and did see that they offer a cheese sub - awesome (or so I thought).  I go in and order the veggie and cheese sub and watch the gal behind the counter write "turkey and cheese sub, hold the turkey", I'm thinking ok maybe that's how they do it here.   I unwrap the sandwich when I get home and it looks like it had been run over by a car on the way to my table.  The bread was disgusting - a rubbery and chewy slab of thick white bread that they have the nerve to call a hoagie roll.  The contents were a little lettuce, a little onion, a couple of thin tomato slices and one layer of cheese - processed cheese.  When I think back to how the order was written up I wonder if I did literally get the shell of another sandwich.  I moved the scant one layer of cheese from one side to the other, ate that half and chucked the rest.The fact that this sorry excuse for a sandwich came to just under $8 is really just a footnote in comparison to how lousy it was in each and every way.I probably will go back and try the pizza and will be honest and objective when I do, however, I absolutely would never get a sandwich here ever again.
3	The name Ray's is used by over a hundred places in New York. In fact, several NY papers and TV stations have tried over the years to locate the "original" Ray's and as far as I know they've failed. One of the Ray's contenders in NY had a Yelp review that started: "... can be summed up in 4 words "It's better than Sbarro"  Tough crowd!So what exactly is a New York pizza? Well it has a very thin crust, that when you pick it up, the front flops down. That's why New Yorkers fold it in half. The better tasting ones seem to use San Marzano tomatoes and a better type of mozzarella.  A few dust their pizza with oregano or EVOO.This Ray's is the closest to that New York pizzeria feel and atmosphere.  It has those glass counters that you will find up there.  It even has what we call Sicilian slices, or "squares".  This Ray's tries real hard and for the most part it succeeds in creating a New York pie. So it's "A-OK" in Yelp-ese.In my previous review, I said that NYPD makes me feel like I'm waiting for an E train to Queens; whereas Ray's feels more upper east side-ish.  I still believe that's still a fair assessment, though their crusts have suffered over time.  On some nights, depending on who is making the pies, these two places might only be slightly better than Sbarro.  Sadly, the crust can sometimes be as hard as cardboard.  So after two and a half years, which one do I believe is closest to tasting like a New York pie?  Well... it may be the nearby Philly steak place Corleone's.  Go figure!
1	I have always been a huge fan of Rays and recommended the establishment to others looking for close to authentic NY pizza  but my experience with them on March 3, Sunday, has changed my mind. We called about 15min before they closed (kind of a dick move, but they were "technically" still open). Service was fine. We ordered a medium white pizza and a plain calzone. When we brought it home (a 5min drive) it was cold. No biggie though, just stuck it in the oven for a couple minutes. Once we took a bite into it though.... UGH!!! The  dough was so tough it seemed that it had been sitting out for hours. I get it that we were probably one of the last orders of the night but this was worse than cafeteria pizza that had been sitting out through 3 lunch periods. Its unfortunate that this happened at one of my favorite spots, but I wont be returning. Head to POMO if youre in the North Scottsdale area. MUCH better and MUCH more fresh pizza!
4	Great Pizza and wings special.
5	Ray's.. the ubiquitous Ray's.. of NYC Fame.. ha.. definitely playing off a famous name..  Figured we would try it.. Very pleasantly surprised it lived up to it's name..  Stopped in with  my wife Donna for a slice before a movie..  Wow.. great pizza.. Thin Crust,, I couldn't finish 2 slices of "monster"  loaded.. my wife is more traditional with the pepperoni,,  fold it in half.. from tip to crust yummy.  Probably 10 different kinds of slices to choose from ready to go.  My wife, the pizza aficionado of our family had us go there two nights in a row.. that is a serious pizza jones.. Even Sicilian Squares.. Lots of other choices too.. just liked the pizza.  I like the layout of the place with the pies under glass countertops.. the tables and tv's, even the semi circular "bar" for the quick bite..  You can get take and bake pizza's.. go figure.  really good pizza.  we'll have to the other dishes sometimes..
5	Great pizza.  Good service.  Family owned!!!!
4	I've been coming here for years! I enjoy the pizza a lot. I like how crispy the bottom crust is. As long as things don't change you can expect to see me back time after time!
1	I received delivery of a Sicilian veggie pizza and an order of spicy chicken wings. The pizza crust was very thick and raw on top. Nothing like biting into wet/raw dough. On top, it was just a greasy/cheesy mess. The wings were the worst I have ever eaten - so tough that it was like jerky (you know how you think it's meat and keep chewing it forever and finally have to spit it out because it won't break down)... I was lucky to get 2 small bites of over-cooked meat off each wing. The sauce on the wings was so tangy and sour, it was like licking a combination of lemon juice and vinegar. This meal speaks of a restaurant owner that doesn't care at all about his food. I'll never eat from there again.
2	I came here on a recommendation on how good the food is. I was disappointed with the salad that had brown wilted lettuce that tasted old and the Sausage sandwich was just OK. Next time I will try the pizza only.....that's if I make it back.
4	Stumbled upon this place after a trip to Best Buy. We're always up for trying something new BUT we love pizza and are quite particular about it.This was REALLY good pizza. I'm not familiar with "true" New York pizza, so I cannot attest to that, but the slices of thin pizza that we had were probably the best pizza I've had in a few years (in defense to all of the great pizza places out there, we recently moved here from an area with VERY limited restaurant options).We were in the eat-quickly state of mind, so ordered slices only. Tried both sausage and pepperoni slices. Loved the thin crispy crust. LOVED that the sausage was sliced and not ground. My favorite of the two was the sausage.Place was clean and plenty of seats, including a great bar-style seating.I highly recommend!
5	Went back again on Sunday early evening and had a whole sausage pie - as recommended the first time we went.It was VERRY good. Definitely a whole pie is better than a single slice. It had been a long day, so we picked a spot in front of the TV and waited for the pizza. Very pleased.Wish it was closer to home, or on the way home from work - but still not so far out of the way. Excited to go back.
5	Ray's pizza is amazing! Great service and even better pizza. They treat their customers  with the upmost respect. Of course the white pizza is my favorite part about this place and the cheesecake too. A slice of heaven!!!
2	I am a huge fan of Rays Pizza and would normally rate it at a minimum of 4 plus stars. Although tonight something was different. The dough was not fresh and tasted old. Part was crunchy but the crust was clearly old therefore the outcome was thick and chewy. Very disappointing. Hopefully the resin was because it was late in the evening, although, seriously, that is not an acceptable excuse. Hopefully our next visit will be wonderful! If not, I'll be searching for a new pizza joint.And so after writing this review....I slept on it and thought,....ok, if I were the owner, I would want to know if someone thought my pizza was off.  So, I called, not for a freebie, but because I was curious if the pizza dough recipe had changed or if maybe since we came late, the pizza dough was old.  Well, let me tell you, the phone conversation did not go well.  Nothing like an owner who just does not want to hear that something was not right!  I kept explaining how much I LOVE Ray's Pizza, but he just kept saying I should have brought it back so he could replace it or refund my money.  I told him I could bring what I had back/ almost 1/2 the pizza and then he said that was not enough....well, when you have pizza for 4 people...what do you expect...right.  Everyone takes a piece, and then someone complains......you know the drill.I explained to the owner again...I did not expect him to replace the pizza, but thought he would want to know.  His ending comment to me was....."there is nothing wrong with  my pizza. He said....I take great pride in making my pizza...and no one else has  complained today, so you are wrong!"  so sadly....my voice was not heard. What a HUGE EGO this guy has...so sad to know he is so close minded to hear an honest customer trying to help him out! I might need to sit back and think twice if I want to return to Ray's Pizza.  Hey, can anyone recommend a fabulous NY Pizza place in North Scottsdale? I am shopping for a new place!
3	The pizza was nothing special. We came here on vacation and were just looking for a quick place to grab lunch, the pizza sitting on the counter for the lunch special had to be reheated in the oven and then served. I dont know how long it had been sitting there but it tasted old. The service was okay but it was just your average run-o-the-mill kind of place. nothing special.
5	Yep. Always good. Did slices again today, instead of ordering a whole pie. Reallly good. Dare I say as good as a whole pie?My ONLY complaint,  and I've resisted the urge to say this before, is the napkins. I really hate those cheap napkins. A good place deserves good napkins. I'm messy and I know it!PS- thank you for always having football on when we come, it appears Sunday is our Ray's day.
2	Driving around looking for pizza, came across this place. The by the slice options weren't fantastic although to the stores defense it is later on a Sunday night. I must say the people working the register, I'm thinking the owner? Was very very grumpy. I had a question but could hardly imagine having asked it since he looked like he would ask me to leave if I didn't do what I supposed to. Pay and walk away. The pizza, very over priced for by the slice and was - even though heated up again in the oven very soggy, greasy and lifeless in the flavor department. Hey you never know until you try it right? Skipping in the future, not really any reasons to come back other than convenient hours.
4	I'm torn between 3 and 4 stars. 3 for the pizza, it's not fantastic. Maybe it's because I prefer Brick Oven style pizzas, but these pizzas lack flavor. I've been here on a couple different occasions and left unimpressed both times. But, the service is 5 stars without a doubt. They're super friendly, will strike up a conversation with anyone, about anything. From the second you walk in the door to the moment you leave the staff here is wonderful.
3	I love that they sell pizza by the slice. That is something so hard to find here and sometimes you just don't want an entire pie even if it is personal size. I wish some of the other better pizza places would do this. This is definitely not my favorite pizza in town but it is good. Sooooo much better than NYPD cardboard garbage in the neighboring shopping center.
3	I am a bit disappointed by this place recently because part of their appeal to me is that they stay open later than any other decent place in the neighborhood. However on at least 3 occasions recently I tried to go here after 10 at night before 10:30 when they say they close and found a closed restaurant. Major bummer especially since on at least one of the occasions I would have stopped somewhere else on my way home if I had known Rays would not really be an option.
4	Grabbed a couple slices from here for lunch. I went in a little before 2pm and it was very quiet (yet all the parking in the front of the place was taken...)Employees were courteous, service was quick. But 8 bucks for 2 slices that have been under a heating lamp? Don't get me wrong, the slices were yummy but gourmet this is not.
3	I love Ray's pizza. That said I can only give it three stars, here's why: the service is spotted, the pizza - while always above average (for an AZ pizza joint) - can be fairly inconsistent, and most of the gripes written up in other reviews are pretty much true. However, I love Ray's in spite of all those short comings. Adjust your expectations and you won't be disappointed. It's a fact that Ray's is a little bit more $$ than the crappy cardboard flavorless pizza slices from most non-NY competitors, the Greek staff can be temperamental, and the three or four topping varieties offered don't always cover *Every* possible way pizza can be topped. If it's at it's best, it's by far the best slice in the valley.
3	Decent pizza if you're in the area and are hungry. Vegetarian option (or two) under the heat lamp all the time. Beers!
5	I LOVE Rays Pizza.I drive for 20 minutes just to get THEIR pizza.  It is delicious.They pack on the cheese and toppings, even though we usually pick up the pizza, we love to leave a gratuity.  I hope they never change the way the make their pizza.  This is where I always buy my pizza and take relatives when they come to visit.  Thanks Guys:):):):)  You ARE The Best!
5	I dig this place, mostly, because of the square pizza.  You can find it on a platter when you walk in, and its really the diamond in the rough.  It is so hearty, and filling, and crunchy, and flavorful. The staff reminds me of New York.  They sort of have an attitude, but you realize its not really an "F u" attitude, but rather they want to know what you want, and get it done.  They don't waste time beating around the bush - you ask a question, you get an answer.  Not with a smile, or a thank you - but, it feels like New York - what can I say.  They get it done.  At the end of the day, that's what I want.When you are into your food the staff isn't in the dining room at all, so your conversations never get interrupted, and they never make you feel like you need to leave.  Did I tell you to try the square pizza?  Someday I am going to order a whole pie like that, and feed myself for a week!
5	Been coming here for years! Best NY style pizza in the valley. Nice friendly staff and they are open later than most! They have gluten free pizza now too and it's delicious!
4	Best New York Style Pizza in Scottsdale. They have Slices & Square Lunch Specials during the week. Not sure about the weekend. You won't be disappointed.
1	I called for delivery because the site says that they do delivery, and the guy that answered the phone hung up on me as soon as I asked if they deliver. I called again thinking it got disconnected, but the guy rudely told me they don't deliver. Way to gain potential customer.... not
4	Can't go wrong here, excellent every time! Great pizza, keep up the good work.
2	Leaves a lot to be desired.  We ordered a large pizza.  It was litterally dripping with grease.  The crust was really hard (like the oven was probably too hot)  They only give you super thin paper plates; my husband cut right through his trying to cut a slice up for our son.  Limited choice of toppings.  The crust, sauce, and cheese had virtually no flavor.  However, the pepperoni is on the spicy side.  Staff was ok, not overly friendly or very helpful to the first time customer.  The bathroom was clean and that is what got them 2 stars.
5	Its hard to find good pizza in Scottsdale.  There's a lot of fluff restaraunts that spend more money on decor and advertising than quality chefs.  Ray's is basic.  But that's what you want.  You don't need to have 5 star seating with 1 star pizza.  This place has the best pizza within 10 miles.  The Sicillian is awesome, but so its the regular pizza.  Its the best of New York style without dripping fat or floppy dough.  Give them a try.  Its worth it.
2	I love the food here but the service is horrible. Been here 4 times with a friend the past two months and never a smile or thank you. :(
3	Like Ray's in NYC, if you are in a hurry you can grab a quick slice that gets reheated.  I like to order the whole pie.  The monster comes with a ton of toppings and is one mess of a pizza.  Love it.
1	yeah, here it comes.  Old fart forgot my slices...  I sat in the place for over 15 min before I went up to see what was up.  Guy looked at me like I was a ghost.  I am like, uhm, how much longer on the slices.  He said, 'Huh?  You ordered slices'????  I am like yes, 15 min ago..  Him - 'Oh, I am sorry, someone must have taken them'.   Not to bag on the guy too hard but he was totally lost.  Either way, got my slices and scoffed em down.  Funny thing is, as i was leaving, he said to me, 'next time you come back, slices are on me'.  I am like wha??  you forgot me and my slices and that was 15 min ago how are you gonna remember the next time i come in?? Anyways, I will be back cause I like their pizza but this time, thumbs down on the service.
4	Quick and tasty. That about sums up this place. You go up to the counter, point out what you want, pay at the register, and wait about five minutes for your slices to get warmed up. Pay attention or someone will yank your slices at lunch madness. Also, there's no table service or hand holding here - real New York style. Some decent sandwiches as well, but the pizza slices are the main reason to stop by. Ask for the daily menu on slices and don't be afraid to request a knife and fork, we are in Scottsdale, not New York!
4	I think Ray's offers the best pizza in N Scottsdale.  It's still not the perfect, floppy, gooey New York style pizza, but close as you're going to get.  I do think they are a bit pricey for what they offer, but it's never been bad. The atmosphere is not fancy, just a super casual, order at the register pizza joint.My favorite is their monster with all the toppings, substituting Jalapeno's for the green peppers to give it a bit of kick.
2	Tragedy!Went in later at night after I got off work, trying to find something to eat!Got a couple slices of pizza... Wish I didn't!The pizza was cold and looked like it had been sitting there for hours... Not to mention the old guy that works there was rude!!
5	This place is so freakin good! I come here one a week to take home pizza. The pizza is so cheesy it's oh so good! Reminds of the good ol days of mom and pop pizza shops. The girl that usually takes my order is always pleasant and she rocks a sublime shirt so that a plus lol. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone that's looking for New York style pizza. Something in the cheese is so addicting. I haven't tried the rest of the food there but I'm pretty sure it's good. The service is pretty quick you wait about 10 to 15 minutes for a large cheese. But good food is not made a microwave speed. They have a great deal there were if you get two large pizzas you get a free 2liter pretty good if you ask me. I will definitely visit soon.
4	Great wings, pizza & calzone. Goes well with beer. We tried the garlic knots today & they're good too. This is one of our favorite Fri haunts. Try a canole sometime. Quite delicious. This is a nice cozy little mom n pop Italian place. Hope they do well & stay in business for a long time.
5	I've been here a few times now and have had a great experience every time!!!  I can only base this review on the pizza because I haven't tried anything else.  The employees have been friendly every time and the place is always clean.  Hard to find a place that makes Sicilian pizza out here and even harder to find a place that makes it good.  I get 2 slices every time I go, 1 regular and 1 Sicilian, and they are always MMM MMMM GOOOOOOD!!!   Thanks for bringing me back to NY even if it's only for the few minutes that it takes me to eat my slices.
5	got a pizza here while on vacation from wa state best pizza me and the wife ever had
