5	The fact that I used to live in the same zip code as Kawaii Gifts should bring me joy, but instead I just ache for all the Saturday afternoons I did NOT buy things there.  I would have gone broke if I'd permitted myself to enter more than once every couple weeks, but I'd be happy.  Broke and happy.This is perhaps one of my top three favorite retail spots in the world.  The world!  The stationery selection is gigantic and hilarious--lots of badly-translated English that will leave you giggling and, most likely, utterly confused.  I have trouble using my stationery sometimes since most of my supply is running low and I hate to use the very last sheet of paper that says, "The egg of breakfast is liked" or "Have a good sunshine days!"  Cell phone doo-dads, cards, stickers, T-shirts, journals, and more round out the mix.  Even if you're not a big shopper, you owe it to yourself to stop by this Japanese kitsch wonderland.
5	Before I moved to Pittsburgh, I would visit this store's website to buy San-X items which are harder to find in the US. Upon moving to Pittsburgh, I was so excited to finally get to visit the storefront. San-X, Hello Kitty, Ugly Dolls....this store is a mecca for anyone who is a fan of the cute. In addition to a huge collection of limited edition figurines, they have a small but cute clothing and accessory selection plus a huge collection of the tokidoki LeSportSac collection. If you are in Shadyside, don't forget to stop in and visit.
5	Kawaii Gifts is the best place for super cute Azn stuff!! I have been shopping here since it first opened and it's great seeing it grow. I have been to several large cities and no one can beat Kawaii! Amazing selection of Sanrio, San-X, Gloomy Bear, Kid Robot, etc. I cant leave without dropping a great deal of $$ on cuteness! Yay!
4	Love this place - super cute, though a bit pricey. Boyfriend bought me a Kid Robot doll here (a pink doughnut)... just waiting for my next trip to the store, so he can buy me its counterpart (a beige cookie)! :)
4	These stores do not pop up often in the east coast, and especially one with an inventory as thorough as that of Kawaii Gifts is rarer, even for west coast standards.  Although the majority of the items are blatantly marked up in price, I give them 5 stars for being conveniently located in Shadyside and carrying so many things that could be potential gift items.Oh, and you're welcome for dusting your super-low ceiling in parts of your store with my head.
4	I've gotta say it as my friend would say it....this store is like Hello Kitty just threw up the most adorable merchandise EVER!  I mean that in thee nicest possible way to describe what this store is like.For anyone into Japanese culture, this is the store for you.  And I know MANY people that are totes into this.  I must say, I passed a handful of things that I would have liked to make a nice little home somewhere in my house.  I mean, most things I have no clue what I'd do with it (mini notebooks, adorable strawberry stickers, sushi erasers) but it doesn't mean that I don't want to buy it all!  Blink and you'll miss it.  You've gotta turn down a narrow hallway, if you will, to get to this store, right off walnut.  But once you head down those stairs, you're in a colorful wonderland!I really wanted to walk away a proud owner of a stuffed cupcake with huge eyeballs.  Someday I'll find a need for it....right?  Or maybe I'll just go back and purchase it, knowing that I'll be giving it a loving home....
4	I don't  know who I would buy this stuff for....but I want to...so badly.  I definitely plan on going back.  The store is well organized and the items are super cute (as the store name would suggest).It's very hard to avoid an impulse buy...but I resisted today.
5	Kawaii is my happy place. I like to come in just so I can make myself feel good on a sad day or touch the really soft plushies. Of course, there isn't a single item I do not want in this store. I want EVERYTHING they sell. I collect paper and stickers, so it's kind of overstimulating for me to search and choose things within a budget.I've been to Japanese gift stores across the country, and I'm convinced that Kawaii is the best. The prices are fair given important costs, and they always have REALLY hard to find goods. It's faster and safer than using eBay, where items are often fakes and shipping costs and arm and a leg. Kawaii is always a nice atmosphere. It's a wonderful store that fills me with so much happiness, and they are sure to get in the hottest toys and collectibles as soon as they can. This store has lots of great things for gifts, yourself or collectors like myself. I come here as often as I can, and if anyone feels like buying me presents, PLEASE BUY ME STUFF FROM HERE. Or a giftcard. ;) I'm a huge fan of Kawaii, and I wish it the most success possible. I feel so lucky to have such an amazing shop nearby.
2	I used to love this store! It was such a fun find when I was a Pitt student. There were so many items spread between two rooms in the store - various articles of clothing to stuffed animals to stationary to silly cute gag toys...and so much more. I had a blast just wandering around exploring everything.Nowadays half of the store selection is gone. You can barely even fit in here anymore because after eliminating half of their space (not exactly sure when or why this happened) they crammed as much stuff as they could into what little space was left. I hate walking in here now; it always feels like I'm going to knock every single thing in the store onto the ground. Not to mention, nothing in here even appeals to me anymore. It's all such generic stuff - for example, my old favorite, the stuffed toys that represent various germs or microbes, are long gone. Everything I can find here now is just...average cuteness. Nothing spectacular, nothing that I can't find online.I don't think this store is awful and I know some people will definitely like it, but I personally miss the old Kawaii Gifts and I'll always remember the old stock fondly. Maybe one day the current version can return to its glory days. Until then it's just not for me.
5	Cuteness overload!  Everything is so adorable, and they have so many items!
