2	A lot of weirdos shopping and/or loitering around the area. Hey, it feels like home when I shop at this sketchy CVS Pharmacy store, which is also walking-distance from my hotel. Though there isn't much around the area, this 24-hour CVS Pharmacy/store has everything I needed and then some. There is also a Chase ATM-machine at this location. At least, I know where there is an ATM machine in Phoenix. Despite being a stranger in Phoenix, the friendly clerks treated me well. I would hate to imagine how they treat the other Phoenix's locals!
1	NEVER TRY TO GET A PRESCRIPTION FILLED HERE, NEVER! Oh my God ... this place is the absolute worst ... it took them THREE MONTHS to change my Dr.'s fax number (they said it had to be done at Headquarters!) ... they regularly gave me double the amount of my 'sript ...  it takes a good 15mins to get a pre called in prescription (EVERY TIME!). They are DRASTICALLY understaffed, rude and incompetent. After a year of shit service, I'm finally done ... no more ... go anywhere but here ... trust me.
3	I have never come here to fill a prescription and before the CVS opened in CityScape this was my closest drugstore.  But I still make the trip here if I am out driving around and not walking downtown. They have done a good job of maintaining the exterior to make it look modern and clean.  If you have never been there before it can be a bit confusing as to where the entrance is, it's off the parking lot to the east.   It is across from the McDowell light rail stop whic is convenient and as it is in an eclectic area, many of its patrons are also eclectic. For the most part I have always found what I have needed here.
4	This is a good location if you happen to be in downtown Phoenix.                             They of course have a pharmacy,which i have not used.  They have everything that all CVS stores have. It is nice and clean,with lots of parking. Yes there are a few homeless and drug prrps asking for $$ and this and that. But, you run into that almost everywhere in Phoenix and the Valley.
2	I love CVS but I hate this location because of the lurkers.  The staff are always friendly and helpful. I've never had a problem finding what I needed.  I love the extra bucks program! And CVS carries Burt's Bees brand which I also love.  (And who doesn't love getting extra bucks on stuff they're going to buy anyway?)But because of the lurkers I only shop here during daylight hours.
2	Way overpriced and there's a Safeway right down the street from this location.  This location, as well as the one on Washinton St., think they are in Times Square, New York City and can charge whatever they want.They forget that this is the valley of the sun where people hop in their car and will drive 5 miles just to go to a Dairy Queen.So if you want to save some money, go elsewhere.  The locations are convenient, but it doesn't justify how high their prices are.   $12+ for a dozen "organic trash bags," is ridiculous.  $3+ for Chapstick?  $7.99 for mediocre deodorant?   Get real CVS.
3	The staff at this cvs are always nice. It is also well located between downtown and uptown.
2	I wish I could give CVS Pharmacy a better rating.  I have been a customer of their's for years.  But I have to be honest in the past year if there were another Pharmacy near me that took my health plan I would try them instead.  Lately it seems as if CVS wants you to do the work for them.  You have to keep track of the prescriptions to make sure they are filled and sent to them by your doctor.  You have to be the one to go to yet another CVS Pharmacy location if they don't have the medication, have no plans to get the medication any time soon.  Has this pharmacy ever heard of something called a courier service which would take a drug from one store location to another, obviously not.  Then there is the fact that you go to this pharmacy wait in line and then have them ignore you for about five minutes, if not more before they acknowledge your presence.  Then I kid you not there was a situation where I was at the counter, and the person waiting on me actually went to someone else.  Yes, the person behind me was given better service then I was. Like I said they should be grateful they are the only pharmacy that I have within walking distance, otherwise I would take my business elsewhere.
5	Review of Pharmacy only---------------GREAT customer service at the pharmacy.  Amber W. went out of her way to help me after I called, literally, seven other pharmacies and walked into three others that could not find what I needed.  Amber was professional and courteous and followed up with a call back. Kelsey was also very helpful.  Thank you, Amber and Kelsey!  I will be back because of you ladies.
2	Pharmacists were incompetent and lacked communication between each other. A simple drop off turned into a repetitive, 12 question process. I gave them my pharmacy discount card and it took them almost 15 minutes to process the information. Drop your scrips off down the street at Safeway over this place.
3	Welcome to Fortress CVS, where the original design turned its back on the major Central and McDowell intersection (and light rail stop), and then the homeless problem became so severe that management blocked one set of doors with a wall of bottled water cases.I once had a chat with an assistant manager who explained that it wasn't my fault I couldn't find toilet paper because their planogram made no sense but that's what corporate sent them. Recently, this CVS (and presumably others) has seen its identity fragment. It wants to be a Target, with its own house brands (Walgreens does this, too). It wants to be a dollar store and thus has some shelves of $1 housewares and $1 food. (Why did I buy a jar of Fuji apples?) It wants to be a convenience store, so it carries all sorts of personal-size snack foods, including the holy grail of candied pecans (but its non-holiday-bagged candy section is weak-to-non-existent, unlike the Walgreens up at Osborn). it sells neckties, should you have a meeting that requires one. It sells almond cookies with Chinese-language packaging, presumably for the Chinese New Year. It sells Whitman Sampler boxes the size of a modest coffee table; and I now know that the mixed hard candies that used to be Pick-a-Mix from Brach's are now called "hostess mix." It also sells lucky bamboo.In short, it's gone from being a fairly normal drugstore to being a phenomenon.It's still not really as good as the super-hipster Osborn/Central Walgreen's, but if I'm taking the tram back from the library and need cat litter, it saves me a stop and provides massive entertainment value.
1	They literally have had my prescription in stock one time in 4 months. They have pretty crappy customer service (applies only to pharmacy) on top of it. Not only that, you feel like you may get shot at while waiting in the drive-thru pharmacy. Obviously they dive value customers like me at all. Last week when I filled antibiotics for my sick child the wait was excruciating. Even though it's the closest to pharmacy to my home, I will be finding another. Get it together CVS!
