5	It had been three long weeks in the sun. We were tired, we were burned, we had almost given up.  Mass-market invaders now knew us by name and we had theirs, Jarrod, Kay, oh-the-horror.  Does a young couple with big ideas and little in their wallets actually attempt to purchase jewelery from a boutique in Scottsdale?I'm glad we took the risk.  Marina doesn't have a website, this is their first Yelp review, but in this ever changing world in which we buy in, finding them can make you break down and buy.  Live and let buy.The thing that sold us here was meeting the jeweler and his wife, whose family has owned the business for over 2 decades.  These are sweet, generous and thoughtful merchants who seemed seriously committed to our finding the best wedding bands we could.  The shop is small, so the selection is limited, but what he does have in store is quality and original.  I found the band I wanted the first time we went, but patience prevailed and I waited a week to buy it.  When I returned he remembered me and pulled out the band right away.  When he replaced my lady's setting he took us in the back of the shop to watch him handle the diamond.  He's a good man, and thorough.Highly recommended for wedding jewelery, grandma jewelery and presents for those highly deserving folks like Yelp Elite...
5	I am sold! My friend recommended Marina to re-string my great-mother's pearl necklace (precious to me). So, I took it in and also brought a watch that needed a battery and a David Yurman earring that had a bent stud. They only charged me $10 each to fix the watch and the earring, the pearls were very reasonable, and I know they will be taken care of (peace of mind=priceless). I'm so glad I went here and brought the two other pieces- I'm sure the DY store would have been more pricy. Definitely recommend!
5	I love Marina! She's awesome! Very sweet family and so helpful and honest. Highly recommend all my family and friends to go Marina Jewelers for all their jewelry needs.
