5	I have used Balloons With A Twist for many different events/parties. Everytime they have exceeded my expectations with their professionalism. Between their balloon artists, party game leaders, make up artists, and characters, you can find some kind of great entertainment for any age birthday or special event. I have also seen beautiful and very creative balloon displays at events throughout the Las Vegas community. They definitely are the best party entertainers in town!
5	I was planning an at home birthday party for my son and I didn't know what I was going to do with all of the guests for 2 hours. Balloons with a Twist was the best decision I made! We had my sons favorite character come and entertain the kids for a half hour, then the artist changed into his regular clothes and did balloon twisting for another half hour. These balloon creations are hands down the most amazing works of art I have ever seen. I couldn't believe the quality, skill, and speed of the entertainer. He was the highlight of our party. I recommend Balloons with a Twist to EVERYONE!! You will not be disappointed!!
5	Balloons with a Twist was the perfect choice for my daughters recent 5th birthday party.  I made a request for a face painter in costume.  Easy enough for them to accommodate, but then I threw a "twist" at them and requested Disney's Mulan!  NOT and easy Disney princess to come by.  But you know what?  They produced!  I was literally holding my breath and waiting for them to say "No way"!  When Corina Smith aka "Mulan" showed up at our party location, I was THRILLED!  She was so beautiful, and UNBELIEVABLY talented with those paints.Every single one of the girls at the party wanted to go and see her again and again and again.  She was gracious, her costume was like brand new, and she was just lovely with the kids and full of smiles.  I've had compliments all week about Corina and Balloons with a Twist.  Thank you for making my daughter's 5th birthday one to remember!  You are officially on speed dial for parties!
1	I used them for my wedding decor but it was pretty painful.  Everytime I emailed the person handling my event, I wouldn't get a reply for 3-5 days and the reply would be from a different person telling me that the original person handling it was no longer there.  This happened 3 times, yikes! So everytime it happened, I asked them to verify that they knew what it was I wanted and they said yes, but the day came and I did not get what I asked for. I sent them a picture of exactly what I wanted but I ended up with a small heart on a stick instead of an arch. Last week, I emailed them to let them know what happened and it's been over a week now and no one has replied yet. This is truly bad business. I guess I'll have to give them a call soon, my patience is running out.....
5	We rented a bounce house, got a cotton candy stand and attendant and booked face painting and balloon making.  Yes, we went all out, but the guests had a blast, especially the kids!  It was for my daughters first birthday and i'm glad I wasn't disappointed by them.  Very nice people too. Thank you Balloons with a Twist!
2	I did get a reply after a few weeks and got some running around, but they did finally agree to give me a small partial refund. It's better than nothing, but not as much as it should've been for totally ruining my wedding day decor. I would never use or recommend them to anyone for such a special event.
3	We used Charlie the Clown because our son saw him at another party and loved him. Although the stilts creeped some of the kiddos out he was wonderful with all of them. I was not happy with the face painter. She charged $70 an hour and it looked like something I could have done. Charlie gets the extra star othewise it would have been a 2.
5	I was originally planning a park party for my daughter's 3rd birthday, but a few days prior, we decided to have it at the house. With all of the changes in location, times, and even changing the entertainer; they were great replying to my emails and accommodating all of my changes. Even the day of the party, I called to be sure they were coming to the house and received a call back assuring me. We finally decided on Candace as "Pinky the clown" as opposed to Ariel since a few boys were attending. What a great choice! Candace arrived a few minutes early and pleasantly greeted my daughter at the door. She was adorable. We did the face paintings first. I only had about 5 kids, so a few of my adult friends asked for fake "tattoos." Candace pleasantly agreed and my adult guests were extremely impressed with her skills. The kids asked for everything from full Iron Man faces to Spider Man and Ariel. She created all of them without any picture reference or hesitation. We moved Candace to another location for the balloons and she was quick to pack up and unload her new supplies. The balloons were also fantastic. From butterfly wings, to swords, spider mans and peace signs, she did it all. The kids and the adults loved her. I can't speak for the other entertainers, but Candace was fantastic. And customer service was great too. Thank you!
4	Best balloon twisting and face painting in Vegas! I used this company twice. Once for my 5 year old Cinderella theme party. Angela was great she came dressed as Cinderella and she did her magic with the balloons and face painting. I used them the second time for my sons 2 year old Disney cars theme party however, they did not have any car theme costumes. I thought they were going to arrive with at least some sort of costume or a uniform, but no she came in with her regular clothes (jeans and a hat). But that's ok because she came and did a great job with all the face painting and balloon twisting.They are however a bit pricey they are about $165-180 for an hour, but they are worth every dime! I will definitely use them again and again!
5	We had Cinderella (Gianna) come to my daughter's 3rd birthday. She was WONDERFUL. So great with the kids and made sure everyone got a balloon and face paint that wanted it. We also got a bounce house from this company which showed up on time from the nicest people. Such a great day made possible by Balloons with a Twist. I would not hesitate in using this company again and definitely highly recommend them!
5	We used Balloons With A Twist to provide entertainment for my daughter's 4th birthday party a couple of weeks ago.  In a word, they were AWESOME!!  Gianna came to our party as Belle.  She was great with the kids, stayed in character the entire time, and was just amazing.  All fifteen kids got a balloon and everyone that wanted face paint got that as well.  Considering we would have paid $200 plus to go to the bouncy place or chuck e cheese, this was a bargain!  If I had it to do all over again, I probably would have hired her for two hours instead of one.  It would have been worth it!  This is the best party my daughter has had, and I would use Balloons With a Twist again.  They are friendly, courteous, affordable, professional, and lots of fun!
5	Balloons With A Twist is a favorite of pediped footwear! They have the best Balloon Artist in town, Kris! We have also enjoyed a Stilt Walker, Face Painter and many many balloons! Working with them is a breeze- very dependable and they have the best talent in town! We have returned to Balloons With A Twist over and over due to their excellent service!
5	My son had a zombie mad scientist party.  He wanted all his friends to be painted like zombies.  As a 7 yo, he was ready for something more gruesome than the usual kid face-paint.  I told Balloons With A Twist I wanted more intricate/detailed face painters that could do scary but not gory (did I mention 7 yo?).  I was sent 2 artists so that there would be enough time to spend 5-10 mins per kid, and I'm guessing the best for the zombie job because the kids looked scary!  Their work was definitely more on the make-up artist side than "face-painting."  Just be sure to ask for what you need, and Balloons With A Twist will gladly and is able to cater.  My son was very happy with the party.  It was exactly what he wanted.
5	We used Balloons with a Twist to rent a bounce house and had a balloon artist and an airbrush tattoo artist for my god-daughter's and my friend's sons birthdays this year. The services were fantastic and we had so much fun, even the adults got balloons and tattoos and we even jumped in the bounce house.  Great professional service and a ton of fun!
5	They made a awesome finding nemo balloon arch for my son's bday and he absolutely loved it! A bit pricey but they were professional, showed up on time and a pleasure to work with- I totally recommend them! .. the entertainer was really great too and very patient with the kids, all 30 of them!
5	Kris was fantastic with the kids at my son's first birthday party! He created elaborate balloon animals and entertained the kids.  The kids and adults loved him.  Everyone was impressed!
5	Kris was AMAZING!!! He was busy the entire time, and how balloons and face painting were unparalleled!!! I think even the adults were intrigued with what he was going to come up with next! Was the hit of the party and will definitely use him again!!
5	I used Balloons With A Twist at my twins 5th birthday party.  Kris Cole was so great with the kids.  I would use him again and again he is so charming.  The whole staff was organized and professional.  Thanks so much!
5	Balloons with a twist was the only company that responded to my balloon quote inquiry for a charity event. We are a non for profit organization and we were looking for an affordable rate. Balloons with a twist helped us out big time and we were able to put on a successful show. The staff is also very friendly and kind!
5	Best experience we ever had with a party planner. Even on a short notice they came thru, Michele and Jason we're very accommodating with our request and scheduled Pinky the clown just a few days before the party. Very professional and the kids had a great time.Will hire them again next year
5	What a fun Sponge Bob birthday...All the kids really enjoyed the bounce house! Thanks Balloons with a Twist
5	This past Sunday I arranged for Balloons with a twist to have a magician/balloon artist at my community summer kick off.  Kris Cope is the person that came and he was AWESOME he arrived early and started making super cute balloons for the kids everyone got a personalized balloon then he did his magic show he had both kids and adults laughing.  He did a great job and I recommend him 110%
5	Just went to a party that had a balloon twister and face painter. Kris did an amazing job! He is truly talented at what he does. This kind of stuff doesn't usually excite me because the balloons and face paintings are usually all the same. The balloons Kris made were so detailed and creative. My son got a tiger painted on his face and the details looked fantastic!! I really appreciated Kris staying a little late to paint my son's face. He didn't have to do that,  but he did. Definitely would recommend this place and especially Kris!
5	I had Angelia come for my son's 1st birthday at Maggianos (Aug 2nd 2014).. and she was so AMAZING!! not only were the balloons awesome (she can make princesses... motorcycles.. you name it!) but her face painting skills are off the charts! I've seen many balloon and face painters.. and this company's crew is AMAZING! One of the kids asked for a certain cartoon character and she didnt know who they were so the dad showed her a photo and she painted it EXACTLY like the photo!!! LOVE HER!
