5	Having lived in San Diego for awhile, I know all about the "Bertos".There's a billion of these types of Mexican food places in San Diego: Adalberto's, Himiberto's, Wookieeberto's, Ernie and Berto's....Okay, so the last two I made up, but there's still a billion Berto's variants in San Diego."But what about my experience in Vegas", you ask?  I'm getting to that.  After a night of drinking, I stopped by Roberto's in the Sinclair gas station.It's the same stuff.  The same blessed stuff as I'd find in San Diego.  And the rolled tacos with cheese and guacamole are just as good.So is this food merely tasty only with the extra alcoholic kick?  I couldn't help myself.  After being reminded about how enjoyable the flavor was, I went back without drinkage, and still just as good.The food is value priced, tasty, and consistently dependable, right down to the little salsa bar.  It's not gas station fare.  It just happens to be located inside the gas station.  Don't let the setting scare you off.It's not life changing, but it is good fast food, and a nice continuations of one of my old late-night traditions that has carried over to my new hometown.But after a late night of socializing, there's not much better that hits the spot.
1	This location seems to be getting worse & worse. Nothing has the same taste! The rolled tacos had a watery guacamole and the cheese had no taste... Have given this location too many chances...I would rather eat at Taco Bell.
3	Pretty cool little spot hidden in a gas station. I've once had their burrito here and it was average. What I did get when I was just here recently was the rolled tacos aka taquitos. Those weren't that great I think I should of stuck to the burritos or have gotta the street tacos. My meal came with beans and rice which again weren't that great. I'd rather of gotten beans and rice at another spot, but hey it did to the job of filling me up especially in the middle of the night. I'd still come back here for more rather than going to Taco Bell. Price here isn't as cheap as a normal fast food place like Taco Bell or Del Taco, that's because it's not really considered fast food. Open 24 hours with better burritos, would get me here rather than Taco Bell, unless I'm on a budget.
3	BIG, THICK, BURRITOS!OK, so I've had the carne asada fries which are totally BOMB! I ordered a california burrito this time, I was pumped... and let down! WTF! ANY Calif burrito I've had included : fries, carne asada, sour cream, guacamole, and cheese (pico if you like it) This one only had cheese and freakin carne asada! I was pretty pissed! I ate only half because the tortilla tasted sweet and was just irritated! I really dont want to pay 5$ for meat and cheese! UGH! Go for the carne asada fries! The plus is they are open 24hrs and have a drive through!
4	Drive-Thru!!  I love this location, I can get my greasy mexican food grub on as well as pump gas and buy junk food.  The food is just like any other Roberto's Taco Shop which is wonderfully greasy, cheesy, and delicious.  Great hangover food.
4	I feel kind of slimy giving this place, located in a gas station, 4 stars, but 3 just wouldn't be right. Same old Roberto's that's located on every corner in town, but with a drive-thru and open 24/7 - you can't beat that. I'd actually give them 5 stars, but they don't speaka that great and they're pretty slow. But the food's damn good, cheap and totally worth the wait.Their breakfast burritos are huge and stuffed full of eggs, bacon, cheese, pico, potatoes and can easily feed two (unless you're a big eater). And their super nachos are loaded with cheese, carne, beans, sour cream, guac, jalapenos and are ginormous! I don't think they speaka good Ingles here though. Each time I've been through the drive through, I ask for red sauce and always get green sauce.
3	A little difficult to communicate directions because of the typical language barrier but you pretty much get that impression when you go there. It's a quick and cheap Mexican restaurant in a gas station with minimum wage employees...what do you expect. Anyway, don't go ordering anything special or complicated or it will most likely not turn out how you want it! Other than that, they're okay.
3	Ok. Of u are sooo HIGH and seeking a good cheap food thi place is exactly what u need to be!! Lol!! Open 24 hours try the fish taco If you have couple of extra dollor to spend!!
2	First I need to say that I LOVE Roberto's, it is my new favorite Taco Bell/Del Taco etc.  Since moving here in Feb. 12' I can say that it is certainly my favorite little drunken munchies spot.  Now, on to this specific Roberto's.  This is the third location that I have tried so far and this one is by FAR the worst; and this is coming after a couple pitchers with the munchies raging!  I ordered the rolled tacos with gauc which tasted just like the other 2, hence why they got 1 of the stars.  The other star is because the food was served very quickly, but alas, I believe this is why my second dish was not great.  I got the cheese enchilada meal.  The sauce tasted okay, but the main problem was the cheese was not even melted inside, just a bunch of shredded cheese that I did not enjoy inside my luke-warm enchilada.  My friend also ordered our 'GO TO' meal, chimichanga, mmm mmm mmm; however, at this Roberto's it was bleh bleh bleh!  The tortilla was not fried nearly enough, the chicken was wet, not moist, wet, and overall it was barely even warm.  I have marked this Roberto's off my list and will not return, which is a shame, because I was hoping to make it my local spot on Tuesdays as it's less than a mile from my local bar.
3	I love Robertos. Been eating at several locations for a long time. I gave this location 3 stars based on service.  I live down and street and order here all the time on my way home from work. And everytime I call I get asked "Do you know where we're located?"   I say yes I order here alot. And they still contine to ask me "ok, where are we?" I wouldn't be ordering if I didnt know where you were located. Its just annoying to answer that question every time. Otherwise, the place is decent for a quick bite.
4	I've been meaning to update my review for months now. This Roberto's is on the way home from work w/ a drive-through, so it makes for a very convenient take-away on those really long days! The food has gotten much better the last few months! The husband always chooses the chicken chimichanga, I typically choose rolled tacos & sometimes a few other additions... The rolled tacos are consistently good. The chips & cheese are also tasty. The beans at this location are typically good- the rice is "fine". I give it 4 stars because the food is good, fast, & convenient!
4	Although it isn't the classiest one,  the food is always great, the workers polite, and very clean. They like on the gauc and cheese, and never over cook. I hate it when the tortillas are darker brown, haven't had one yet like that here. My new go to Roberto's. Ps tip them, they appreciate it, and the gauc glows even freer. :)
1	I was extremely disappointed in this place!!! Tasteless , disgusting food?? If you could call it that! My boyfriend and i got sick! I seriously threw up at the site of his food..no lie, i gagged and got sick! My shredded "beef" was Dry ,had no flavor, was a weird red color .it was strange the beef was dry & leathery beef but bun was soggy ?? My boyfriends carnitas plate was actually carne asada they got his order wrong... A.d the beans were runny and loojed like diverting that belongs in a toilet!!!! Horrible experience! Worst Mexican food ever!!! I wouldn't even give it one star
5	Go to robertos all the time and like this location so decided to give a good review. Its located inside the litle mini mart. Whenever I go the employees are always very nice and patient with me seeing as how I useually order about $30 worth of food off memory(dang my forgetfullness i.e. list) My order has never been once wrong which is very important due to hypersensitive eater towards onions in my family. So definately stop in if your craving some good tacos and the churros are worth a try :)
