5	"Woohoo! As good as it gets!" italicized. That's the highest rating Yelp allows however, when it comes to the amazing quality and service that FlashBash offers, it doesn't seem quite enough. I have had the pleasure of being a part of several events where FlashBash was featured as the epicenter of entertainment (though, pardon for the bluntness, but additionally, wine helps the entertainment thoroughly throughout the evening). Furthermore, I (and coincidentally you should) find it a testament to the high standards that FB provides that I used though, thoroughly, and throughout all in one paragraph as to try and be equally elegant with my words as FB is with their service. Ali and Mick were extremely professional but without the loss of funness, which I deem a word since it is worthy of FB!!  Every event I've attended with them gave each and every one an element of uniqueness and heightened entertainment it is such a ridiculous notion they are not hired for every event in the valley :)Whether it's a wedding, a birthday, a company holiday party, or the latest one I attended, which was a photo shoot for a hairstylist's portfolio, FB is the company to hire to make said events all the more merrier. I can only hope any or all things coming up in my near future are accessorized with the wonderful backdrops, the cool props, and the two incredible people in charge of FlashBash. Thanks Ali and Mick, you two are the best!!Your biggest fan,Katie H.
5	We hired FlashBash PhotoBooths for our holiday party with about 400 people in attendance.  We were anticipating about half the people wanting to use the booth, and a short 3 hour window of time after dinner.  I was absolutly THRILLED with Ali and Mick, who were amazing.  They had everything set up well ahead of time, and were very accommodating to pass out wristbands at our request to use the booth.  They went above and beyond, and I was able to enjoy our event as a guest knowing they had everything in complete control.  Our pictures were up and ready to download the next day, and within 2 days I recieved a full CD of all the photos, and a very nice thank you from Ali and Mick. I would refer FBPB to anyone wanting their event to really stand out.  The picture quality was amazing, much better than those booths that spit out a grainy photostrip.  We had pictures full of people because their booth held up to 12 people, and our employees can't stop talking about how much fun it was.   Cheers to an amazing company with great customer service, professionalism, and quality!
5	Thanks to Flashbash, my daughter's first birthday party was a success! Allison came in and set up so quickly. The equipment was so easy to use. Their prices are great and they were very efficient. Thanks!
