5	The staff is very helpful and friendly. Very close to home and much easier than going to the post office. They can pretty much handle everything here.
5	Mike at this Postal Pros in Summerlin is the absolute best! Wow! He goes out of his way to take care of the customers. Please make it a point to be nice to him. He works hard and I really wonder how many times he is thanked for his attention to detail, his customer centricity and his overall pleasant demeanor. I don't even need a Postal Pros mailbox anymore and renewed anyway for another 6 months -- why? because every time I go in, I see Mike's smiling face and pleasant "hi Laci" - yes, he calls me by name! That service is worth way more than 6 months fees of the use of the mailbox.You are a hero Mike! Thanks for all you do.Laci L.Summerlin
5	I highly recommend Postal Pros!  I prefer to support small, family-owned businesses with great customer service.  They are always helpful and friendly, and they take care do things well and right.  I will definitely keep using Postal Pros for all my shipping and printing needs.  Thanks, guys!
1	Went here today to mail my xmas cards. And guess what they are trying to charge me 3.00$ per card and they are all for Las Vegas mails... They said because I wrote the address the other way it is a considered a package and not a regular mail... Really?? Ok I'm not stupid...for 19 cards my total would be 58$ ... 10x more expensive than my 3.99$ 20 pcs cards... Postal pros.. U guys can cheat better than that!!! Went to UPS, mailed all my cards for 12$...will never ever ever go back here and pls be smart next time it's not worth the trip!!
5	Friendly service and great staff. It didn't take long for the people at postal pros to recognize me on sight. Often bringing out packages before I had opened my box. It's wonderful to feel like part of a community. The selection of greeting cards and gift wrapping rivals many specialty shops. The little extras are priced reasonably and help to finish a package. The location and adjoining stores making this an ideal spot to easily complete the "to-do" list.
