5	Going on 3 years with Dish Network, and couldn't be happier.  Ever since I've escaped the evil clutches of Time Warner Cable, my life has been the better for it.  No more price increases and having to call every 3 months to get my rate back down - now just a constant monthly rate, more HD channels (though I think Cable is catching up), a DVR that works! - I had 2 of them go bad on me and it was my burden to bring it to the TW service center to get it traded out.   I had a minor problem with one of my DishNetwork DVRs and one was immediately shipped to me and I shipped the defective one back in the box the new one came in.Yes, there will be service outages during bad storms, but it rarely happens.  I will take the inconvenience of a super strong storm versus the headache that comes with Time Warner Cable.
4	There is no residential option for Time Warner Cable in York County and that is fine with me.  (Side note - Time Warner Cable and Time Warner have been completely separate, unaffiliated companies for almost four years.  Please don't insult the media company Time Warner by referring to Time Warner Cable as Time Warner).  Anyways, the only local cable option is Comporium, but their prices seemed high, and they also had a lot of additional fees when everything switched to digital.  We decided to go with Dish Network, and for the most part we have been happy.  It was my first experience with satellite, and overall, it's been better than cable.  The price of the service is reasonable, but there are some fees added onto the $29 offers you see (they are usually clearly represented though).  The lease of the DVR is free; however there is a $6 fee for the DVR service (usually waived for the 1st year or two as part of a promotion).  Regional sports networks are an extra $6 per month (Fox Sports).  However, even when everything has been added up, it's still slightly cheaper than cable.  The best thing however is that we have had it for 3 years and our rate has NEVER INCREASED!We had one issue where our DVR overheated and we lost everything recorded on it.  It was partly our fault as they are CPU's and need air circulation and we had some small items obstructing it.  They replaced it without and issue.  The service went out often at first but they came out and readjusted the dish and it's been fine since.  The customer service has been good.  Most often I have spoken to people in the US but occasionally will get an offshore rep.  We temporarily fell behind on our bills and they were very good about it.  On the few times I've had to call them I have not had to wait more than 5 minutes (and usually not at all).  As far as outages due to weather, they are few and far between.  It either has to be downpouring or snow falling (which accumulates in the dish and blocks the signal) for the signal to go out.  If you're worried about a 2 year contract, don't be.  If you are unsatisfied with the service, they are not holding up their end of the contract and you can cancel.  My main problem with Dish is that NBC Sports (formerly Versus and before that the Outdoor Life Network) is on their top tier.  It's a little too expensive so we don't get it.  Right now, however, they have a bunch of Starz and Encore movie channels for free for a year as part of an anniversary.Overall, we have been much happier than Dish than with cable.  I cannot compare it to Comporium, but we have them for internet and they are good.  I'm just not sure I'll ever go back to cable.
4	I had dish network for years and happy with them.  Till I need Internet service, I switched to Earth Link that was supplied by Road Runners eventually Time Warner's Cable.  Thanks for clarify that is not same as Time Warners Bro.I need to calm myself down every time to call Time Warner Cable's service especially talking about their price and billin.  The worst I've come across in the country. I live in east and west coast.  I suffered  many times before I say it.  Besides, it takes us time to write this.TWC, or Road Runners ( they were the same ) was the supplier of cable internet for Earth Link (I was told later) when I called for connection problem.  TWC convinced me to change  from Earth Link to TWC.  I refused the first year for TWC's bad  business integrity.  Few years later, I had no choice as the price went up again.  So I switched to TWC. The second year, it went up that understood, after promotion.  To save trouble of payment, I set up auto- pay, this year it went up again.  I called to understand the reason.  Their customer service was so rude with a prima donna attitude.  She even insulted me over the phone as I didn't want all the services. Since I stayed for a week of less each month, it's unjustified for me to pay close to $100.  I simply kept my expenses but the service reduced to 1/10 of the speed that I had.  I'm looking for another provider if there is. For all these years, I've seen more adverse comments than favorable comments to TWC.  Most business respect prestige customers or those stay with them for years. But not TWC.  They believe customers can't live without them in Charlotte.  That's why I've seen salesmen knocking at our doors every season like the 50s to look for new customers.I'm sure if TWC's upper management can make a change to their customer services or change their prima donna attitude, I'm sure they will not loss customers.Anyway, sorry for my long comments.  I still like Dish Network, perhaps, I will go back to put my dish up.
