4	This is my favorite little mexican taqueria in the neighborhood. It's GREASY as can be. However the food is really tasty if you can handle the grease. Sometimes that's what you want!
4	I have to admit I made fun of my boyfriend's addiction to this place for a long time, but I now understand it.  I have a rather sensitive stomach and a lot the other _____berto's style restaurants have an adverse effect on my digestive system.  While this is not a ______berto's by name, it is of the same style, but I have had no digestive repercussions.  Oh, and the food is actually good!  The burritos are hefty, the rolled tacos are greasy (but in a good way), the guacamole is tasty and even the fish tacos are yummy.  This place is cheap, tasty and on my way home from work.  A TRIFECTA!
4	Losbeto's on Hayden, let me introduce you to your first viable competitor in the department of drive thru mexican: Fiesta Burrito.While not as cheap as Losbeto's, the food is definitely higher quality and you don't get that sneaking sensation that you might be eating roadkill, which is worth an extra buck or two. Nor do you have to allay worries that the gentleman on the other side of the window doesn't heed the "Lavaselas!" sign, as is the case with some. Nope, Fiesta is a dream come true in many respects, and is a clean and legitimate competitor to its northern neighbor (why do I suddenly feel like Joe Biden talking about Barack Obama?). The location is convenient, the service is fast, and though the bargain basement prices aren't quite there as in some others, peace of mind is, which will bring me back very soon I'm sure.
5	For what this place is, [a cheap, tasty land of burritos (and some other mexican food)] It's gotta get five stars from me. I love it! My roomates eat there like 4 times a week, no joke! It's quality.A little greasy, which is why i don't eat there as much as them. But, if you want good, fast mexican style food. You have to try this place.
5	:::::PROS:::::Clean, clean, clean.  The cooking environment, the floor, the condiment area, the tables - all spotless.Cheap, cheap, cheap.  Most burritos are in the 3-dollar range, and you can't beat the quality for the price.  The chicken burrito incorporated medium spicy shredded chicken done just right, and the breakfast burrito used eggs, ham, cheese, onions, and green peppers to get it done.Breakfast served all-day!  I know other Mexican restaurants do the same, but given the fact Fiesta Burrito is tantalizingly tasty, it just sweetens the deal.Great Pico De Gallo, and Red Sauce at the condiment bar!  Need I say more?:::::CONS:::::None.Fiesta Burrito is nice and bright on the inside, and so seemed it's staff.  I believe the crew were truly enjoying themselves the day I went in and the smile on the man's face while washing the floor was refreshingly genuine and sincere.  Its obvious that its a well-run establishment, but its also one of those places that makes me wonder because the food IS so cheap...Seriously.  How can places like J in the Box and McD's sell Chicken Sammies for a buck?  And the three dollar burrito?  I just can't see the profit margin...  But then again, I've never run a restaurant.  I mean - Fiesta's ingredients can't be that cheap, right???Regardless, Fiesta Burrito is great bargain, and the food that I've tried so far knocked my socks clean off.  Check it out.
4	Came here today to grab a quick lunch on my way into the office.   I picked one of their combos (#6) it came with a shredded beef burrito, cheese enchilada and rice and beans.  I did not eat the enchilada but I did really enjoy the burrito and some of the beans.  Really... you cannot beat this price $5.83!!!  The burrito had shredded beef, a little bit of green peppers and I think I saw little pieces of potato, it was very tasty!  I would definitely come back here again.
4	Number 18 baby! 2 carne asada burritos with rice and beans! Me and the Mr will share that plus a cheese quesadilla.. super friendly drive thru service on the cheap! Many notches above your standard 'Berto's fare.. here the ingredients seem of better quality plus my ass doesn't hurt the next day! Can't go wrong here!
3	Similar to Los Betos - Fiesta is decent inexpensive mexican food. The staff is nice and accommodating. I did have a pretty hilarious conversation with the girl at the counter though... I was trying to order my burrito without onions, and she kept saying "okay" and "yes" and nodding at everything I said. I would ask her questions and she would say "yes" and press buttons on the register. It took me a few minutes to realize she had absolutely no idea what I was saying. Aside from that, my burrito wasn't bad... nothing special though. The beans were from a can, the guacamole wasn't fresh (I doubt anything was), everything is cooked in or made of lard, their chips are flavorless and kinda stale, and they are seriously lacking any sort of salsa. They just have the typical generic nameless hot sauce found in these joints. As I said - Los Betos... but cleaner and a little better maybe. It's just a place for convenient late-night munchies.
2	meh. I had to shlep over to the new post office just north of McDowell and had read good reviews about this place so I thought I would give a try. Used the drive-thru so I can't comment on the cleanliness. Nice tip jar hanging on the drive thru window *eyeroll*. I honestly don't have a problem with tipping. However, do we tip at taco bell? No. Or do we? Yet?Urg.The bean and cheese burrito was runny and salty. Their hot sauce was watery and not even close to hot - probably because it was mostly water. I also got their beef taco. My eyes are always bigger than my stomach. One bite and it was actually decent, but I was done, full. I wish I would have eaten the taco first and skipped the bean burrito.We all know you can't save a taco. It becomes a mushy mess - no ones fault but the nature of the taco.Los Favoritos has them beat by FAR. If you're a fan of Fiesta Burrito, make the drive to LF and give it a try.Btw, that new Post Office - clusterfuck.
3	We ordered three of the $2.30 tacos - fish, carne asada, and adobada and a side of rice.  Food came fast and piping hot.  Carne asada and adobada were topped with guac and salsa, while the fish reminded us of good fish sticks with shredded iceberg and Miracle Whip.  Carne asada was a tad dry but the adobada was full of flavor.  Rice was insanely salty which made us down a huge cup of Horchata.We ate inside which was pleasant and clean.  They're open 24-hours - a great late night alternative to burgers from other nearby fast food joints.
5	This is my favorite of similar type places by far. We used to Los Betos at the end of nights on the town & in a pinch when we didn't want to cook (as there is one quite near). At some point, the quality had dropped far enough that we hit Fiesta Burrito. My sister had been lauding this place for years.Well, it is not only my favorite drive-thru/semi-fast Mexican food spot, it's one of my favorite value places in town. Cheap great food super quick. It's already kind of a stand by for me & the kids when the Mrs. does a girls night out. Also open quite late which is a major bonus (as both of my other cheap Mexican favorites have limited hours - Carolina's & Rito's).Their food is excellent. Super tasty, reasonable, quick. Nice clean atmosphere, super friendly staff.I typically go with the taco combination as they do the deep fried shredded beef tacos that are so yummy. Their carne asada is also brilliant. Great beans. They have a nice salsa bar as well. The Mrs. likes the green & red chile quite well too.Can't miss with Fiesta Burrito.
5	Truly my favorite Mexican food restaurant of all time. No place in Scottsdale even compares. Trust me.I average about 5 burritos per week. They help me stay fit and healthy. The more I eat, the better I feel about myself and the world around me. They are very nicely priced and are delivered by some of the city's finest and hardest working chefs.My total Fiesta burrito count (I only get burritos) is rapidly approaching the 600 range, and I must say that the top contender is the California. I highly recommend the California to both beginners and experienced Mexican food eaters alike. The shredded beef burrito and carne asada burrito are also fine options if you are looking to delve into some of earth's most delectable fruits.
4	The tacos are the best in all of Scottsdale.  Seriously!!They're the hard shelled kind ~ similar to the famous Tito's Tacos in Culver City..  BUT, I think they're better!  They load it with tons of juicy shredded beef and it's so delish!!The free chips were nice and warm and paired well with the complimentary pico de gallo..  The salsa rojo was too watery (hence -1 *) but the awesome spicy carrots & jalapenos made up for it..5 rolled tacos were also good.  They top it with thick guacamole and cheese so it's not messy and everything sticks to the taco while you're eating it..I can't comment on anything else, so I'll just rave about the hard shelled tacos..  SOOOO good!
4	Sorry the chips aren't free afterall.  But for a buck, it's still a great deal!
5	The food quality is probably a 4.5, but I'm giving Fiest Burrito a bump for the value.  This place is great - I can routinely walk across the street for lunch and get a filling meal for under $4.  Everything I've had here has been tasty, but I'd specifically recommend the California Burrito.  Being from the east coast, I had never really had one of these until recently, but let me tell you - it's DAMN good.  Pretty much any burrito with meat and potatoes will end up being good, but add in the pico, cheese, and salsa and it's borderline delicious.  I've left a few lunches in the fridge at work because of cravings for the California Burrito.  The Green Chile Burrito (Pork and Green Chile) is also great and highly recommended.Bottom line: not necessarily the first place you'd think of if you're craving mexican food, but it's well worth a trip.  I will be frequenting this place from now on.
5	Wow, I can't stop going to this place!  I have to get on here and comment on a couple of new menu items I've tried.  Recently tried the Adobada and the Carnitas burritos - both were fantastic.  Pork and guacamole is always a great combo.  And the Steak and Chorizo Burrito is the stuff of legends.  No joke - this thing is amazing!  It's pretty much all meat with a red chile-type sauce.
4	By far the best cheap carne asada burrito around. Big, tasty & filled with guacamole!  Definetly a stop on the way hoe from Oldtown.
3	Fiesta Burrito is pretty close to my office and a few months ago one of my coworkers introduced it to me for a first time. For a quick in and out Mexican place it's definitely worth it. The prices are decent, they have a fairly extensive menu, and the service is fast. The downsides?1) Parking is very limited which caused me issues for the first time today.2) Seating can sometimes be limited as well. It's a fairly small joint.3) Being a non tomato fan and sometimes not being in the mood for guac doesn't leave me much of a choice here and my options are pretty plain and limited most of the time.With that being said, it's definitely worth trying if you are in the area. I suggest the carne asada burrito :)
4	Probably one of my fave 'hole in the wall' mexican food places around. There's not too many of these types of places in North Scottsdale, so it's a nice place to stop for lunch when I'm working in Old Town; convenient location.They have the best adobada burritos around and their tacquitos are always fresh (as is all their food). I really can't begin to name off my faves because everything I've had there is great. Seating is limited, but don't let that deter you, they do have a drive thru and all their ingredients are fresh and doesn't take long to get your order.
4	Alright, so a bunch of the other Agents in my office come back from this place for lunch and even breakfast, so I figured I would try it cant be all that bad right.... Exactly!!!It was very good food. I got the special today which was 2 rolled tacos, a beef taco and a bean tostada, and a another beef taco for one of my coworkers all for about $8.50.the beef was good, the tacos were fresh and crispy and everything made to order. The only issue I had is they had a lot of cheese on the plater itself, but none of it was even remotely melted, and maybe it's just me, but I like melted cheese. It makes me think fresh made and that it's hot.The interior was expected, just like a Filabertos or any other taco shop. A Nice Salsa Bar with pico, red sauce, green sauce, Whole Jalapenos and Spicy carrots.Parking can be a little difficult as they on have 9 spaces two of which are handicapped, but they also have a drive thru. Definitely not enough parking for the table space and outside patio they have.Well that's all for now....
5	Breakfast burrito's are pretty much my favorite food in the whole world. Fiesta's Country Burrito definitely contributes to this. Fresh tortilla, eggs, potatoes, cheese - add refried beans and their amazing green salsa... it's a beautiful thing, really.   Plus they have the best Dr Pepper ever, the perfect mix of carbonation and syrup. It's also friendly, cheap, fast and a three minute drive from my house. LOVE
5	For fast cheap Mexican food this place is the best! Super nachos with machaca, fantastic! Mixed burrito, amazing! Adovada, delish! Any of the tortas, top notch! The portions are great for the price and the ingredients are good quality.
5	One of the best bean and cheese chimichanga's out there, and by far the best one for the price.  I would eat here more often if I enjoyed feeling super bloated after a single meal from this place.Small parking lot, minimal seating, but the drive thru has always been quick and convenient for me.  Definitely recommend this over the bland boringness of Filiberto's.
4	3 rolled taco with cheese... Fast friendly service Great tasting food.
4	This place is pretty awesome.  I've been twice, and have been satisfied both times.  It's cheap, clean, authentic?, mexican food....Yum.   First time I went I ordered way too much...two tacos and a burrito, i finished probably half.  The burrito was ginormous.  The second time I went with  my girlfriend and ordered 2 enchiladas.  The enchiladas were cheap (like under 4 bucks) and good.  The people at this establishment are very nice as well.  Order lightly, the portions are huge.   Nice hole in the wall.  Thanks YELP! for letting me know about this one.
4	As other reviewers have pointed out, it's inexpensive authentic Mexican food. It's good stuff, the service is fast and polite and the restaurant is consistently clean - which is to say, all contributing factors to why I eat lunch there every workday.My only complaint is that there isn't a vegetarian burrito on the menu - but the staff is more than accommodating if you ask for a specific dish.
5	Having left my packed lunch safely in the fridge at home (an event that happens far more often than I'd like to admit) I set off to try something new for lunch today. Fiesta Burrito was a great choice; thank you yelp!I ordered the machaca plate, no. 11. A generous helping of machaca with egg, onions, peppers, cheese, and rice and beans on the side. A flour tortilla to scoop it all up with, some fresh pico de gallo and salsa verde from the salsa bar and I was set for a great lunch.The food was great and inexpensive. The service was friendly and the location was very clean. They have a big menu with several combination plates, all with rice and beans, breakfast food served all day, and some great a la carte options if you don't want the full meal.Compared to other drive-through/quick order Mexican food places around, my meal here was comparable to Carolina's. That's the highest praise I can think to give a place like this.I'll definitely be back.
3	I guess I'm just spoiled to the authentic Mexican food we have back home in Southern California. But after a long long day of drinking on the Salt River, The group decided to swing by Fiesta Burrito in an effort to feed our beer munchiesAgain like all Authentic Mexican places they take cash only, that being said, I had to spot a buddy of mine for his meal. I ordered the rolled taco's w/ guac and a carne asada burrito. I was blown away.....no carne asada fries?? That's a staple back home!!!The burrito was pretty big and had tons of carne asada packed in there, the rolled taco's had a good amount of guac on em but skimpy on the cheese. Also this did cost a little more than what I'm used to paying back at home. I guess if I need a Mexican fix and I'm out in AZ I'll come back but other than that I'll be glad to go home to Alerto's, Los Alazanes, and Taqueria de Anda for some Carne Asada Fries.
4	Simply put... I go here every single week. I think it is the best 24hr burrito shop. I don't know why, i just like the ingrediants and the way they cook their food.Pork Adobas (sic) burrito with guac is amazingcalifornia burritos are my favoritelove the chile relleno burrito as well..Place is AWESOME.  ALot of these places can be all the same, but Fiesta I think is the best.
4	Once again, the Yelpers helped us when in unfamiliar territory.    We stayed a couple of nights at the 3 Palms and ended up having breakfast here and satisfying a late night munchies craving.  As stated in other reviews, this place is VERY clean. N Ot to say other places are not, but you don't feel like you are in a sleazy taco joint with questionable sanitary practices.We both had a simple breakfast burrito for lunch.  While it was nothing to write home about, it was tasty and filling.Our late night snack was a big time pleaser!  Had a few tacos and and an order of the rolled tacos with guacamole.  Perfect!  Would eat that same order for breakfast, lunch and dinner!If you are in that neck of the woods, drop in and order up some good Mexican fast food!
4	I was first introduced to Fiesta about 6 years ago by a friend of mine at the time, who lived around the corner. The friendship with her did not last, but my love for Fiesta Burrito did! From the Carne Asada or Bean and Cheese burrito to the Adobada tacos, Fiesta rocks! One morning at work, my urge to skip my usual yogurt or oatmeal overcame me and I wanted a burrito (almost always a bean and cheese. yeah for breakfast. I'm strange like that!). I announced that I was going to my favorite taco shop and the questions starting rolling in. Where is this place? Are they good? etc etc. By the time I left, I had six orders, not including mine. So now every time I have a burrito urge, I try to keep it to myself, lest 6+ orders. Selfish, yeah. But that saves me on having to dole out 15 cups of red, green, and/or pico. :P Speaking of red, green, and pico - try to only get 2 cups of green for myself. Though really I could easily use about 6 of them in one sitting. I would probably be kicking myself the next day. HOW in the heck does Adam Richman - Man vs Food eat all that spicy stuff and not cry the next day on the toilet?!? Anyhow - CLEAN, Fast, with Courteous employees. Did I mention clean??? This is NOT your average "-bertos" taco/burrito shop people!!
4	Dear Mr. Betos:  After finding an unidentifiable object in my guac that tasted suspiciously like a piece of rotting chicken judging from the millisecond it was in my mouth, you've given me a reason to look to your neighbor to the south for my grease fix.Hello Fiesta Burrito.  We ordered our staples of rolled tacos and a carne asada burrito for comparison to Los Betos.  Both fine establishments have the ever-so-popular styrofoam tip jar taped outside the drive-thru window.  Fiesta Burrito is actually a little bit cheaper for the same items, if you can believe it.  While I would say Betos has better flour tortillas IMO, the food at Fiesta seemed just a little fresher, although equally as artery clogging.So for now, I'm going to give the edge to Fiesta, and drive the extra 2 miles to try it again.  But don't worry Mr. Betos, I'll be back to see you too.  I have a big heart, and there's room enough for you both.
2	I ordered the 5 fried tacos. The filling was a little bland, at first I couldn't tell if it was shredded chicken or beef. It was OK. If I go back I'd would try a different dish. That's a big IF.
4	This was fantastic.  I had the country breakfast burrito (egg, potato, & cheese).  Everything was nice and fresh and not too greasy.  It honestly tasted like something I would make at home, but better because someone else cooked it.  Fast drive thru service and there was 4 cars behind me.  I am looking forward to trying some of the other goodies on the menu.
4	This place is so authentic, I wouldn't drink the water...I was introduced to this place via a friend of a friend, who enjoyed the late night delight of real Mexican food. Guess, they just call it food. "Pause for laughter" Anyways, I tried this place once...too authentic for me but it was good! Its one of those places I spoke about. The washed out pics (cause you don't need to see them: Main theme rice, beans, some kind of meat), original spanish names for the dish, and drive thru...yes the mexican food drive thru! I love it. This places gets 4 stars because it didn't pass the health inspection report, but I still eat there despite. That's good food.
5	I'm a pretty big snob when it comes to Mexican food since I was raised on the good stuff. The other day I had to have a burrito. I don't know why but NOTHING else would satisfy me. It had to be a bean burrito. I made myself fresh tortillas for this purpose alone but I realized we didn't have any beans!! Frantically I called my grandma to ask if she had some and she said she just ran out. I didn't have all day to make fresh beans. I wanted a burrito now!So finally I sucked it up and drove down the road to fiesta burrito. I thought to myself that as long as it was better than Taco Bell, I'd be able to satisfy my craving.FOUR BUCKS FOR A DRIVE THROUGH BEAN BURRITO!?I thought to myself that this was kind of expensive but I got it anyways. After all, I needed a burrito. What I got was worth it's weight in mexican gold.What I was given was the biggest burrito that I'd ever seen in my life. Seriously this burrito could have ended me if it chose to. It was the best bean burrito that I'd ever had. Maybe even more than my grandmas homemade ones. I can't even begin to describe the joy I felt while eating this thing. I couldn't even eat half of it in one sitting. It actually became THREE separate meals for me. Each time I reheated it, it was still just as good as the first. I know my mexican food, and this is probably the most authentic in the valley.
4	Finally a place that understands the true meaning of "Extra Cheese".
5	This place is south Scottsdale's dirty little secret.  If you want the awesome authentic taste of a real hole-in-the-wall mexican restaurant but with the speed of a XXX-ertos (minus the Hepatitis), this is the place to go.  I've been to this place at least twenty times and I think I only ever order four things there because they're so good: the super nachos, the rolled tacos with guacamole, chicken tacos and the two carne asada burrito plate.  Any of these selections are guaranteed to keep you full for at least ten hours.Everything comes out piping hot and both the green and red salsa provided are excellent additions to the already tasty flavors provided.  If you are in the mood for Mexican food and you're within a ten mile radius of this place, it's certainly worth the drive.
4	I had a chorizo and egg burrito, my friend had a carne asada burrito, and I had a medium drink, and it was all less than $10.That alone makes me like this place.The fact that the burrito was pretty good sized, and extremely tasty, makes me love this place!It's not in my neck of the woods, but I may be training in the area for another week. If so, I intend to stop in and try the nachos.
4	I've been trying various cheap mexican food "stands" in an effort to find something that resembles what you find in San Diego.  Fiesta Burrito is the best I've found in the valley.  (note: Los Favoritos is up there with it)I've had mostly burritos and rolled tacos, but I've really liked them.  Carne Asada, bean-and-cheese, and breakfast burritos have all been very solid.  I like the rolled tacos, as well.My companion on a recent visit ordered the "rolled tacos supreme" (where they pile carne asada and other stuff on top of 5 rolled tacos).  Wow, I'd never noticed that before...can I try one?  In a word, awesome.  Not very practical to eat, but really yummy.Although I expect (and accept) a little tummy-turning after a meal at a place like this, I've never had even the slightest grumble after eating at Fiesta.It's cheap and they DO accept credit cards.
3	A pretty good hole-in-the-wall in South Scottsdale.  It's small and gets packed for lunch, but the staff is friendly and the service is quick.  I've had the tacos, the pork carnitas, tried the nachos, and the enchilada.  All have been pretty tasty, but everything is extremely greasy and I usually feel pretty gross upon exiting.  I'll probably break down and try breakfast sometime too.  Overall, you won't be disappointed with Fiesta Burrito.
4	Just had a carne asada burrito. It was ready in about a minute and was awesome!
4	Definitely a true hole-in-the-wall Mexican food joint with the classic washed out pictures of what you are going to be eating on the menu board. I ordered the 4 rolled tacos with guac and had a great meal overall.Expect large portions, good prices and authentic offerings.With a good Mexican cerveza the experience would have been even better (I guess I have to go for take-out next time to get the cerveza myself)
4	If you want good quality mexican fast food at a low price this is the place for you. I especially love their breakfast burritos, they are amazing! My two favorites are the Country burrito and the steak egg and cheese burrito. The carne asada nachos are also very good. The salsa bar is great also. I highly recommend this place! Trust me im Mexican :)
2	A rare yelp disappointment!  Just a touch about Filiberto's and that's a very generous compliment.  I ordered the two carne asada burrito combo with rice and beans.  The rice was bland and room temperature as was the beans.  My wife chewed on something that definitely wasn't carne asada and had to spit it out.  My carne asada was rubbery and just average at best. Everything about this place was a disappointment, even the prices which I thought were actually high for a hole-in-the-wall that you have to look hard to find.  Do yourself a favor and get a carne asada somewhere else.
2	So, i dont expect much when i dine at these types of establishments and try not to make habbit out of it but when its late and you are hungry you find Fiesta Burrito.  I keep it really simple with a chicken burrito but EVERY time i order the same thing i get something different, and get upcharged for someting...Staff is pretty cool but when i get my beans on the side instead of in the burrito..$3...or the next time $.75... or during the day..free.  Quality is bad but again, i dont expect much out of these places.
5	I really enjoy simple northern mexican food and this place hits the spot.  It is a dive, hole in the wall and that makes it all the better!
4	I'm not exactly sure why, but Fiesta Burrito blows away the 'somebody-bertos' which are all over the valley.My first clue that this place would be better than the average was seeing the fire truck and ambulance parked outside. Firefighters are typically great cooks, and if they are eating at a place, it is a great sign.My most recent visit, I was hungry, in a hurry, and wanted something tasty. I was in the area and hit Fiesta Burrito. I got a carne asada burro and a plain cheese crisp. Even though the line of cars was six deep, the line moved smoothly and before I knew it, I was paying for my lunch.Getting back to the office, I was pleased to discover a tasty burro and the cheese crisp was very good. Please note, this is not America's or Gallo, but it is good in a pinch. As a bonus, you're eating at a place called 'Party Burrito'! How can you lose?Give it a shot, you will not be disappointed.
3	I went to this place and had the carne asada burrito people seem to really like and I have to say the place and the burrito wasn't bad. It was close to home, cheap, and a good place to get a quick fix. I liked it well enough and the food was a good portion size for the price. I'd go back again.
3	3.5 stars for being walking distance from my office and for having an empty spot next to a warm sunny window. The food is by no means gourmet, but it's filling without that gut rot feeling you get at some fast food Mexican places.
4	I love this place. It's my local spot, and the only downside is that it's not open late into the night. I have a craving the other day and got the super nachos and the chile rellano burrito. Gooey, cheesy, spicy deliciousness. I have tried almost everything on the menu here, and have never been disappointed. It tasted like overstuffed, inexpensive neighborhood burrito joint should taste.  I have friends come visit from back east and this is their first stop every time. Yum!
3	Great food! I have eaten here since this place opened. It is a shame that the owner has raised prices and given less ingredients in the burrito's. .
4	This place is near, and I haven't been in til recently when one of my disabled vet friends suggested we go. I got the adobada burrito. ABSOLUTELY YUM.They have the traditional "berto's" red sauce, all you can squirt!They also have green sauce, pico and a chunky carrot/jalapeno/thai pepper (that one is 60 cents  but the others are free).My burrito was a shave under 4 bucks WITH TAX!It's a deal, Bob! The burritos totally hit the spot!!The chile relleno burrito is a total champ that's done properly --- get it here, NOT at Super Burrito.Value and taste are excellent and of course the burritos are piping hot and will survive the drive home. If you do the drive through and ask for the red sauce, ask for about 4 because the containers are small. Service is very fast.I have returned there several times since but I don't have much more to say about the place other than it's better than any-berto's.
4	Very good California Burrito!  Perfectly cooked, seasoned and the tortillas taste fresh. I try to eat here at least once a week.
4	I ate here, it was good. They even have a drive-up window, which was nice b/c I didn't have to get out of the car.
4	California Burrito add guacamole. This place is one of the better "fast food" mexican food joints in town. Way better than the filibertos type places. Drive thru and all.
4	The best breakfast burritos! Granted, I've never ordered anything else, and it's only one of many items on their menu, but those breakfast burritos ROCK! Add condiments/sauces of your choice, and you're starting your day right! Very clean, very friendly and VERY inexpensive! Try it! You'll like it!
4	Amazing late night mexican food!  Me and a couple of buddies would hit this place almost every night on our way home from the casino.  They got to know us and knew what we ordered.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu though. It's a favorite of the 20 something crowd heading back to tempe after a long night of bad decisions up in scottsdale, at least they finished strong.
4	I almost lost my faith in mexican food in Arizona. All of the "bertos" suck and I was finding places that didn't offer carne asada.. wth? Anyways, this place makes me less homesick. Food is yummy and prices are dirt cheap. I'm a really big fan of the #18! 2 carne asada burritos with beans and rice for $7.95! Just pour some pico de gallo on that burrito and it will hit the spot mmmm
4	I like Fiesta Burrito! The burritos, tacos, and nachos are ALL good here. The food is made fresh to order and never had an issues with eating at this Mexican food joint. I normally go for lunch and the places does get crowded during the week for lunch. There chicken supreme burrito is good if you are a chicken lover. have not tried the carne asada but my buddy did have it and really enjoyed it. He also had the pork carnitas which he also truly enjoyed. The green salsa has much more flavor than the red just an FYI.
4	Yummy & Cheap Mexican food!!!!  You have to try this place.  The best Carne Asada Burrito!!!
3	Tasty burritos for around $4 each.  They do have a drive thru, but most people get stuck sitting in it for quite a while.  They only have 4-5 parking spaces, so just be aware.
4	I love Fiesta Burrito! The staff is friendly and welcoming, a real nice family owned joint. My favorite is the Country Burrito; eggs, potatoes & cheese to which I always add sour cream & jalepenos. My son loves the #20 - chimicangas, the #3 - 2 cheese enchies & the #4 - cheese enchie & tostada. The #4 is a favorite of all of us. My daughter is all about the California burrito, no pico add sour cream. This place knows our faces by now and I can't believe I haven't written a review yet! The lack of a fifth star is because once I found meat in my burrito...I don't eat meat. BUT, they are awesome and a no brainer when it's time to eat and no one can agree which place is best!Yummy red sauce!
5	I lived in San Diego for six years and was never able to find a quality Carne Asada burrito out here....until I found Fiesta Burrito.  Hands down the best Carne Asada burrito in AZ; maybe even better than those in San Diego!
4	Good, made to order Mexican food. I probably do more breakfast burritos than other menu items. Full tortillas and salsa bar. Good prices too!
3	In the office, Fiesta Burrito is aptly known as "across the street."  Kind of like, "How about across the street?"  "Yeah, I could do across the street, today."  If I ever said, "How about Fiesta Burrito?"  I would get, "Where's that?"  Then I would have to say, "You know, across the street."  And the response would be, "Well, why didn't you say so in the first place."The primary reason we eat at "across the street" is because it is convenient - it's across the street.  And in the immortal words of my most quotable co-worker, "It is fast, cheap, and good -- no questions asked."  The part about it being good is debatable.  I could do with a little less greasy.  Fast, no question.  And despite that fact that "across the street" charges 60 cents for spicy carrots now, the prices are low.  I like the chorizo plate with a side of sour cream, although I might start branching out as we eat at "across the street" way too much, and I'm getting tired of always having the same thing.At just above a dive, I would call it a hole in the wall, but really, it is just a generic Mexican joint that hides in plain sight.  Even the name is rather plain as no one can seem to remember it.  There is a smallish, generic inside dining area, which is accompanied by a small, generic patio for outside dining.  Some high school students seem to come by for lunch leave.  The staff is polite.  Until they move or I no longer work across the street, I'll be a regular.
3	Newest update The owner here is charging .60 for a stinking refill that costs him 2 to 3 cents. I don't know what this guy is thinking. Greed, Greed, Greed!!!!!
4	First off, the place is cheap. Burritos run around $4. Plates with rice and beans a $1-2 more. The Mexican food is on-par with other hole-in-the-wall joints from California that I grew up on loving. Quality flavorful carne asada but a bit on the salty side. Extra star for doing b-fast foods during the day and for having the California burrito on the menu. My only qualm with the place is that they charge for refills on soda and for the marinated carrots and onion. Its not that much more at 60 cents but just the idea of nickle and dime-ing in quality Mexican joint hurts a little. Will likely be trying other spots around but not bad for first taste of Mexican in AZ.
5	We came here after a night of very heavy drinking, or I should say during. We took to the drive through and got some food to help us out. I ordered some sort of pork burrito and it was shear bliss. I love Mexican food and didn't think anywhere could top Southern CA for its Mexican. I was wrong. This place was even drive through and it was amazing. The flavors were plentiful and delicious. I wanted to go back so bad the next day but sadly it never happened. I know where I'll be going though for my drunk food fixes next time I visit!
5	Amazing! Just happened to be driving down McDowell looking for a delicious post-night of drinking breakfast. I got the machaca breakfast burrito and it was out of this world! I'll be going back again soon to try more. Definitely legit place
1	Shocked this place has 4 stars. First off you can always tell if a Mexican food place is good based on the beans and the salsa. Well guess what both suck! Eat at el molino's and you will never come here again!
5	When I first drove past this place I wasn't too sure about it. I looked it up on Yelp and I saw that it had pretty good reviews, so I decided to try it out. I love it! I usually get the California Burrito and a medium drink which comes out to about $5.60. The burrito is a decent size too. Totally recommend this place if your in the mood for some Mexican food.
4	Everyone else pretty much summed it up for me: Fiesta Burrito IS def good-------especially for the price.
3	Pleasant place, but food is so-so.
3	This is my local taco shop. I like their tostadas and bean+cheese+rice burritos. They are reasonably price, and quick. They have a drive thru which is a nice feature in a taco shop! Make sure to ask for sauces.
4	This was very good carne asada, especially for fast food!  Only complaint was it was a little on the salty side.  Still gave them 4 stars.  :)* I had the Carne Asada burrito with guacamole.
5	I love this place. So much.Ever since Texano's in Tempe closed, Fiesta Burrito has been my go-to place for adobada burritos. A side of sour cream is a necessity with the adobada burrito and they give you a good portion for the price. I also like lots of pico and they have a big container of it inside at the salsa bar.The machaca plate with egg (#11) is my second favorite. I always use the accompanying tortilla to make my own burrito, plus I get the rice and beans on the side. Yum.The quesadilla supreme is also very good, but I would recommend eating it with a fork and knife, they really load it up.Overall, I have never had anything bad from Fiesta and the staff is always super friendly. Plus there's a drive-thru. Awesome!
5	carne asada add cheese so tasty
4	I went in on 06/23/12 and had 2 carne asada tacos with beans and rice.  The tacos were big and the price was small.  It was so good that I ordered another plate afterwards.  I'll be going back today too.  4 stars.
4	5 stars had they put more rice, but rice portion is generous I'm just a rice eater I want more! Two consecutive meals that I ordered #13 Fish Taco with beans and rice for $7. I love the green sauce that comes with it. I also like how they overflow it with lettuce. I just love it I want it for lunch tomorrow ( I just had it for dinner today)
5	This is my families favorite fast food Mexican place! I pick it up about once every 2 weeks. Drive thru is very quick. Family owned. I love the bean & cheese burritos. My husband loves the carne asada burritos & shredded beef tacos.  The cheese crisp is yummy, huge but good for a child for 2 meals. For the price/speed/convenience you can't beat it!
4	A bunch of us were drinking at Duke's and we wanted some food. It was after 1:00AM so our choices were slim and we needed something walking distance since we had walked to the bars. My friend found this place on Yelp and we decided to go since they had pretty good reviews and they were open until 2. We got there around 1:30 and only the drive through was open. They let us walk through the drive in anyway. Some places wont let you do that. The staff was very friendly and funny. They messed around with the rest of our friends who were ordering while we were at the window paying. They have a small outdoor patio open where we ate so we didn't have to walk and eat or take our food home. Our expectations for the food wasn't high and thought it'd be like Filiberto's. However, we were pleasantly surprised. My boyfriend and I both got the chicken tacos. The chicken was very flavorful and juicy. I wasn't a huge fan of the hardshell. I prefer hardshell tacos but it just didn't have any flavor. Overall, we had a great experience and if we're ever in need of food at 1 in the morning we'll be back if we're nearby. Otherwise, not sure if I would come here when there are other restaurants opened.
5	Best burrito ever!
5	Mexican places like this need to be judged based on consistency - here's what I mean:42% of the time I've been hungover30% of the time I've been drunk22% of the time I've been sober6%   of the time (other)Food tastes great no matter what, and it's right down the street.
4	Fiesta is definitely my favorite of the fast food Mexican places in town. I actually eat their food sober, although after a night in old town the burritos are even tastier, if that's possible. I usually get a breakfast burrito with ham, eggs, cheese and pico. Their carne asada is pretty good too, but it tastes more like ground beef than steak to me. I like to add rice and get a side of sour cream, and for a mere $5 they are definitely filling. My only gripe is that Fiesta isn't open 24/7 or offer the late night hours that some of the other -beto's do (they're open til 3am on Friday which is great, but 2am on Saturdays and 1am during the week). I work at a bar and sometimes don't get off work until 2:30 or 3am and am disappointed when Fiesta is closed "early".
4	Great carne asada chimi, combo #20, crispy and flavorful.  Lots of Guacamole too.  The staff were laughing and singing in the back, great place and I will be back!
5	Is this fast food?!  For some reason, this hole-in-the-wall appears so random to me.  Because I'm so accustomed to taco trucks/Mexican restaurants in LA areas, I was at first hesitant to try until I saw the reviews.  I would consider this place authentic, affordable, and offers you a good portion of food if you want your Mexican fix.  They don't have carne asada fries, but they do have carne asada (haha, we made the mistake of asking if they had french fries).  I got their fish burrito and really liked it.  Will definitely come back again if I'm in the area.
4	This is my go-to place for quick breakfast burritos. I either get the standard with eggs, ham, cheese and pico or the machaca with shredded beef, eggs, and cheese. Both come with sides of red or green sauce. The tortillas have a nice texture and all of the ingredients are cooked together for an overall great distribution of egg:cheese:meat. They'll even toss potatoes in the mix if you ask. Watch out because these burritos are hot and tend to leak just a tad. They're big too, so you only need one. Check these guys out next time you're sobering up from a long night or if you're craving one of the best breakfast burritos I've ever had. They offer drive-thru and sit down. If you eat inside, they have a small salsa bar.
5	Not even comparable to other Mexican fast food!  I haven't had one thing off their extensive menu I didn't like!  Chorizo or ANY breakfast burrito, tostada's, bean burritos... whatever.  Yummy,  and the service is consistently great.  Try their Carne Asada... Anything!  Lol. The local firemen are there several times a week so u know it has to be tasty!!
3	Over the lips, past the gums, look out stomach here it comes!!!! For a fast food Mexican Food joint, I have to say this one is pretty tasty! I LOVE their Super Nachos! They also have decent tacos and yummy rice and beans. If you don't catch them when they are busy) you don't always get the freshest ingredients, as in sometimes I have had stale chips, or the meat wasn't as good as it usually is...... so try hitting this place during the normal B,L and D time rush. Also if you're looking for a late night snack, this place is open 24/7 so being able to stuff your face with pretty decent Mexican Food, is better than no food at all :) I have to say I will keep visiting Fiesta Burrito rather than their competition! They are better than FillyB's and close to my bf house! Alway a plus when we feel like grabbing something quick! I just wish they would stop being delicious sometimes and meh the next! Consistency is nice!
5	Quick, cheap and utterly DELICIOUS.I regularly visit Fiesta Burrito to curb my desire for (you guessed it) a big ol' burrito. You can get a huge plate of tasty Mexican food here for only a few dollars. And your food is usually ready in less than three minutes. I'm being serious. This place is gold.Try their chimichanga plate or the rolled tacos with guacamole, and order a "pina" drink to go along with it. It's great for lunch, dinner or midnight snacking.
4	I really like Fiesta Burrito. When my Husband suggested we go here, I was a little nervous because it looks a little bit sketchy. When we went inside, it was pretty clean. The staff was really nice and accommodating when I ordered at the window, asking for no cheese and this and that.I got a Bean Tostada and Bean Taco.Everything is made fresh, and tastes that way. I really enjoyed the Rice as well. Their Pico is really onion heavy, but it balances well with the food. I also like their Green Salsa. I will say, I'm not sure if their beans or rice are vegetarian. I'm sort of "if I don't have to chew it, I don't know it is there" vegetarian, so enter with caution if you aren't this way.The meal really didn't feel greasy or too guilty, even though I'm sure it was!
4	I'm giving it 4 stars purely for the Carne Asada burrito. it's so good!!! I've tried other items on the menu and was not impressed. The shredded chicken was greasy and just stuffed with too much cheese, and I couldn't even finish it. They also have a horrible drive thru. You have no idea what they are saying. I orderedsome rolled tacos with no cheese only guac, and they gave me rolled tacos with cheese and no gauc. I was so angry. I love guac! So check your food before leaving if going thru the drive thru.
4	Always getting the two tacos and the super nachos here... its my late night addiction haha
4	When I lived in Scottsdale this was my go-to Mexican spot. This, along with Los Favoritos, are hands-down the best taquerias Scottsdale has to offer. Whenever I visit these locales I am not looking for some exotic dish or specialties and typically stick to carne asada and breakfast burritos. Fiesta Burrito excels at both. Their beans, tortillas, and green sauce are pretty tasty as well. The rice is pretty standard and just okay. Whether you are looking to satisfy your Mexi-cravings or drunk as a mutha-fuckin' skunk, hit it up! They won't let you down.Just a note: For all you whiteys (myself included) and transplants who praise the bland, sad-excuse-for-Sonoran-fare of Macayo's, Ajo Als, and the like or the valley's unfortunate taqueria staple, Filibertos, please try this place or Los Favs. You will thank me later.
2	Not impressed, the burritos were small, lukewarm, and sort of bland. I feel like I tasted more tortilla than meat.I tried the chicken, carnitas, and carne asada burritos.
5	Amazing breakfast burritos! Heat up so well the next day, go here at least once a week!
5	After eating Fiesta Burrito, Filiberto's, Los Fav, and all others don't compare. Carne asada burritos from Fiesta are hands down the best I've had in Phoenix after 11 years. Drunk or sober, the food here is craveable to the point where I would give an arm and a leg to eat here one more time.I've never dined in, nor ordered anything other than carne asada burritos. I've never had a reason to. The tortilla fresh, the meat is tasty, the perfect amount of onion and guacamole, then pour on the green sauce until your heart desires! Do not, I repeat, do not bring a date here unless you have some food fetish and want him/her to know it.A friend of mine tried telling me that the burritos are bigger if you order in Spanish, but I disagree. Carne Asada is the same in Spanish or English... Super bueno!Thank you Fiesta Burrito for opening my eyes to what great Mexican carne asada is all about. And also, thank you for ruining my taste buds to lesser quality Mexican restaurants. I am now going through a 12 step program to relieve the addiction you have caused. Writing this review is step 2 and I feel a relapse coming on.
3	Was exactly what the 3-star rating says, A-ok.The carne asada burrito was nothing spectacular but the adobada taco was pretty decent.The food in general was acceptable and nothing too polarizing but it really doesn't hold up to great Mexican like Don Pepe's back home (just as cheap) or in the Bay area.Its saving grace may be its cheap price but I'll be looking elsewhere.
4	Just the place I was looking for!. Authentic Mexican, big portions , delicious!
4	Cheap, delicious, and greasy. If that's not a winning combination for a fast food Mexican joint, I don't know what is. Yes, it's pretty similar to Filiberto's and Los Favoritos and Julioberto's and all the other "berto's" around the valley, but Fiesta Burrito shines a bit brighter than most of those in the taste category. I don't live particularly close to this location, but I can promise that whenever I'm nearby it's going to be a huge temptation. Yum.
2	I used to go to this place when the food was good, so it's disappointing to have to write a bad review about it. The customer service has always been bad, but I was able to overlook that when I enjoyed the food. Now, however, the food quality has gone down drastically. They used to have the best green salsa that I would always get to go with the burritos. They must have changed that recipe...one part salsa with 3 parts water? Its awful!! Their rolled tacos are pretty much taquitos that you buy at the grocery store in the frozen foods. The customer service is nonexistent! I always go through the drive-thru and every time I order and all they say is "Thank You"...no "pull around", no total, no repeating of the order for any mistakes. It's extremely awkward!! Then when you actually encounter humans the awkwardness increases tenfold when there is still no talking except to ask if you want the watery salsa, and to tell you the price (which changes EVERY TIME you go there, even if its twice in two days!). Fiesta I used to brag about you to all my friends, now I think the only person I would tell is my worst enemy so I could laugh about the awkwardness they will go through interacting with your restaurant.
5	I was recommended to check this place out last week. I have now been here twice since then. I've had the Chimichanga and the California burrito. The orders came out quickly and I received great service during both visits. The food here is great, rice and beans were rice and beans. But the Chimichanga has a nice crispiness and the tortilla seemed fresh and the chicken was delicious. The California burrito was also a great burrito. I wasn't expecting meat of that quality in a burrito under $5, but it was a welcome surprise.
5	Mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. Go here for a breakfast burrito. Or the carne asada. Or anything really. It's fast, it's cheap, it's delicious, and there's a drive thru.If there's such thing as good hangover memories, I've had a lot of them here.
4	Fiesta is my place! Ever since I bought my house down the street nearly 4 years ago Fiesta has been a staple in my life. Breakfast burritos on weekends, Cheese only Quesadilla for my 2 little nuggets... AZ burro's and Grande Quesadilla for dinners. I also love their enchilada meals with a side of Mexi Rice and beans. Everything here is delicious, and breakfast burritos at night...oh mann!!!Also, if you want something quick or for an appetizer, chips quac and cheese for the win! Can't say enough about it.. Love love love!
4	Good solid burrito joint food.It seems much cleaner and better run than most -berto places.You won't be overwhelmed with the hugeness of your burrito but it's (somewhat) made up for in quality.Good value, nice owner. delicious food.
3	The 5 Rolled tacos (4 bucks) were better than normal, but they were skimpy with the guacamole and cheese on top. Very skimpy. Ordered a baby side of rice for 70 cents which was a nice since a normal side goes for a crazy 3 bucks. Scottsdale prices at a taco shop? The red sauce was the best part of the experience as it contained a good zing. How can rolled tacos be ready in 30 seconds at a drive through? I doubt these are fried up when I order - they must be sitting in a warmer somewhere. Might be best to get a burrito that they hopefully cook to order, but who knows at these kind of places. Few beers beforehand always helps the taste too.
4	I stumbled across this joint on the Yelp app when I was looking for a new place to try for lunch.  I must've driven by this place 1000 times and I've never noticed it....I'm glad Yelp guided me here.  It was a Saturday and the place was kind of busy.  After browsing the extensive menu on the wall, I decided to order:Carne Asada Burrito, $4.15http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fiesta-burrito-scottsdale?select=EwvshZHDNmhTyCwYd2NMGA#EwvshZHDNmhTyCwYd2NMGABean and Cheese Burrito, $2.75http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fiesta-burrito-scottsdale?select=tKBbSicI8f2ZuXeBOTzN_w#tKBbSicI8f2ZuXeBOTzN_wWhile I was waiting for my food, I mozied over to the Salsa Bar to grab a few cups of Salsa.  I give their Salsa Bar 2 Stars...because they only have the runny Green & Red Sauces, Pickled Veggies, and Pico de Gallo.  There's no chunky Salsa or really hot Salsa available.....the runny Green and Red options are very mild.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fiesta-burrito-scottsdale?select=rlP4WQj7r8ZXiB0bz7zRSw#rlP4WQj7r8ZXiB0bz7zRSwAfter a short wait, my Burritos were ready.  I went for the Carne Asada first.  I took one bite and fell in love with it...it's a little different than most places like this in that they have Potatoes in the Burrito.  The Potatoes and Carne Asada create a unique flavor that tastes very good....kudos to them for putting this together!Next was the Bean & Cheese Burrito....that too was very good.Overall, the food here is 4 Stars...it's that good.  The lack of a hot Salsa option drops it down to 3.5 Stars, but I'm rounding up because I think they deserve it.Return Factor - 90%
5	Awesome. Nough Said.
4	Never in my many visits to Fiesta Burrito...and there have been a lot of them...have I been disappointed.  Never has the food tasted like it was made a week ago.Never have I had to spit anything out, hoping it had, at least, originated from the cow.Never have I had cause, or been afraid to check the restaurant inspections naughty list.I am a fan.
5	OMG, seriously the best Carne Asada burrito I have ever ordered at a neighborhood Mexican food, drive thru style restaurant.  The meat is tender and not fatty, and the burrito is not greasy and heavy.  The portions are more than enough.  The breakfast burritos are also awesome.  In all honesty a $4.00 breakfast burrito will feed my husband and I.  So, if you are not big eater you can definitely share.
5	good food. their tortas and chimichangas are delicious :Danyone know what oil they use on their meats/breads? thanks.
5	One of the best burritos I have ever had. The staff was friendly and quick service. I found this using Yelp and it did not disappoint.
5	If you don't know about this place, you are missing out. For one, the prices are very cheap. Second, the food is amazing. Best bean and cheese burrito I've ever had. Breakfast burritos are amazing as well.  Another great thing about this place is the menu. There is a very large selection.  While this place may look like Filibertos, a Phoenix staple, its food is far superior.
4	Best Quick Mexican Food, in Tempe/Scottsdale so far, love there rolled tacos and just recently tried there Carne California burrito for 4.15 it's cheap too!
1	UPDATE: after my last experience with Fiesta Burrito I have to say I AM NEVER GOING BACK. Why? I asked for a California burrito with guacamole, got charged for the guacamole, but it was never in my burrito. The burrito seemed to shrink 10% more than the last time I thought it shranked. It was definitely not worth $4 AT ALL. I also got charged for an extra drink. When I went back to ask for my refund for the guacamole and the extra drink I was charged for the men just looked at me like I was crazy. He offered me a cup instead (which I didn't need I already had my drink) and I saw one man in the back filling up a tiny cup of guacamole (which I didn't need either because I had already eaten the tiny burrito) All I wanted was my $3.00 back for things I never received. this place is always my go-to place for fast late night Mexican Food (only when Tacos Jalisco is closed) cleaner also. I know I wont have to worry about cockroaches roaming my food. I love how theyre so fast, and the food comes out tasting decent.what I am concerned about is how small their burritos have gotten over the years. don't get me wrong, theyre still beasts, but they have definitely shrank in width. i know regulars would agree. their customer service is a bit lacking, so don't feel bad if theyre not attentive and don't exactly cater to your needs. you have to tell them if you want any extras and other customizations. regardless, this is the place to go for super fast delicious Mexican food, that wont make you sick! PARTY burrito!
4	Best drive through tacos in the area. 4 just because I haven't had anything better in the south Scottsdale area east of 64th
4	Great tacos shredded beef can't beat them best in town! Carrots and peppers with them perfect combo. Drive though speaker is horrible needs replacement. Easier to order inside, service is good place is clean and food is quality I normally avoid the all of the burttos places.. This place is great!
5	Needed a snack for my toddler son and this place came through. Friendly and fast drive-thru, great tortillas and flavorful pulled chicken.
5	Been going to Fiesta for 3 years now.  Killer carne Asada burrito, super supreme nachos, and chimi!  They could use a better acronym for the nachos on the receipt though..."sprm nachos" don't quite sound as delicious..
3	I debated if I should even review this mediocre experience. The reviews make it sound like its a hidden gem, of quality and quantity in the lost art of Mexican cuisine. I found it very bland. It did fill the purpose for which I came here, but compared to some awesome Mexican food that I have had in this so-close-to-Mexico-state - this place was far from note worthy.It's not expensive, which is the factor that saves this place - but I find the fast food angle of Mexican food incredibly tacky. And the seating arrangement is purposely very small. It is clear that the model is enter-pay-eat-gtfo, and I have no issue with that - but I don't see this as something that I want.One could compare this to a Mexican franchise, something that in itself is a hilarious strangeness when one is living with so many actual Mexican that can cook amazing things out of mystery meat, lard, flour and chili.
4	Have been going to for years. The food is consistently great. The prices are very reasonable. I highly recommend!
1	Why does this place have such good reviews? We drove through and the order was wrong. No flavor whatsoever. Everything was very very plain. Not impressed. I wouldn't recommend it. I am a bit bummed at the wasted food and money.
2	I was visiting from Los Angeles and wanted some authentic mexican food and did not find it here. the food was bland, flavorless. Never again. Ugh messed up my night .
5	Mmmm! Thank you Fiesta, lunch with you is always good.  I'd recommend the mixed burrito with shredded beef, beans, and cheese with no veggies.
5	Bean burritos!  Cheap and good! I eat for two days. The food is great, and the staff is really nice.
4	Huge tasty ham egg pico & cheese breakfast burrito for $4. Fast and pleasant service.  Sold.
5	The food is good and the prices are good.The food always seems to be a lot less greasy then those *beto places. Love it!Carnitas burrito for me every time.
5	Little places like this are the best! If you didn't grow up in Arizona you may be freaked out by the actual building Fiesta Burrito is in, but as a native I know these are the best places! I ordered the plan bean and cheese burro for $3 and it was delicious! The service was so fast and the workers were very kind! My mom and I were in the area the next day and I told her she should stop and get a burro so we did! She loved hers too.
5	Best Mexican I've ever had in Scottsdale and Papago is perfectly near by! The Chimichanga with carne asada is amazing. Cheap and always great service.
1	Was a big fan of fiasta burrito but when my sister and her gf (she happens to be African American) went in to get something to eat you can tell they felt uncomfortable and made us feel uneasy. They just kept giving altitude and rolling there eyes. At one point we can hear them comment in the back saying racial slurs in spanish since were mexican also. I just cant go back if they are prejudice and homophopic and if thats how they run business then we're jusy going to take our business else where.Update-went again to get something to drink since it was hot and too see if they changed but guess notSo I talked about fiasta burrito before but damn man dont go at night for drinks. Just went to get a small horchata and a large and the guy end up giving me 2 large which isn't a big deal but then before I took off I noticed one was purple so I went back literally seconds later pretty much went around the restaurant still in there parking lot and the guy was like "what do you want"(really man) and I said "hey man I asked for 2 horchatas and he went on the offense and said "NO YOU SAID 1 HORCHATA AND 1 JAMAICA LOOK AT YOUR RECEIPT". then I went um no 1st I asked for 1 large and 1 small and you end giving me two large with no receipt which I dont mind but you didn't give two horchatas and then he went on by okay but I need to charge you and I said wth why i didn't ask for that order then he was like fine pull up and he end giving me my drink but with the craziest altitude. I was more shocked then mad like wtf man it was the easiest order ever and I didn't snap at him or get mad. Idk why he was so mad
4	If homestyle Mexican food is what you're craving, this is where to go. Just a hole in the wall place with consistently decent food at modest prices. I've eaten there since it opened for business, and they've never disappointed. I sometimes call from my driveway, and pick up my breakfast minutes later on the way to work. The owner has his act together, as do those he employs. My two favorites are the green chile burrito and the chile rellenos. Don't miss the pickled carrots, peppers, and onions. If only they had ample parking, I'd give it 5 stars.
3	Not as good as I had hoped for. Not horrible, but I just moved over to this area from San Diego a week ago and was looking for a little mexican shop on par with everywhere in SD. Yes, I know I am not in SD anymore so I can't expect the same thing. If I were to have found this place there I would have rated it as a generous 2 stars.  But again overall I just had better expectations for a 4.0 rating with over 130 votes.
5	Best drive through Mexican food in Scottsdale. I go out of my way for this place.I used to live down the street from this little gem. I would pass by everyday and assume that it was. A typical burrito stand serving mostly stomach aches and loose stools. One (late) evening on the way home from old town we stopped for something to soak up the bourbon. What happened that night was magical. This would be no one night (burrito) stand.Fiesta burrito, translation: party of meat, beans, and rice in a blanket, is in fact, amazing.It servers your very typical Mexican food. Burritos of all sorts, rolled tacos, etc.The difference is that deist prepares things freshly and they do it well.I now live ~ 20 miles from fiesta. Thankfully I work one day a week in Tempe and go out of my way on the ride home to stop by.My favorites:The breakfast burritos: I usually go for the sausage and egg but they are all great. Simple and made fresh.The carnitas burrito. My cracking. Juicy pork with pico and guac. Hits the spot every time.The carne asada burrito. Much better than other places I have found around Phoenix. Spicy and savory.Rolled tacos. Not sure why these are particularly good here but I think it is the Fuad they put on top.A few months ago at the 5th mile of the of the of changs half marathon, which ran right down McDowell  I almost stopped running to get a burrito. Only the fact that I had no money and the fear of a burrito belly for the next 8 miles kept me going. Next time I'm stopping.
5	Awesome! Nuff said :)
5	Addictive and Amazing! My boyfriend loves hole-in-the-wall places that scare me. So I looked on yelp for places one day so I could find him a well reviewed one. The rest was history. My boyfriend lived in LA for 10 years (known for excellent food) and he is living there temporarily right now. He says the carne asada burrito is the best he has ever had anywhere. One day he flew back home and when I picked him up from the airport at 10pm he asked to go to Fiesta Burrito. The last time he came back he drove from LA and stopped at Fiesta before even coming to see me and I only see him two weekends per month!I don't eat beef so my favorite is the adobada burrito. They also have the best refried beans I have had in many years. Be careful if you go - because you will want to go back again and again. I liked the guys review about running the marathon and wanting to stop. My boyfriend would have been right there with you!!!
5	Best drive thru mexican food in scottsdale by far. Good for lunch or late night eats. All the staff are great and a fun atmosphere if you decide to sit down in the small dining area. Although small they have a good salsa bar. My favorite is the chile relleno burrito and the steak ranchero breakfast
5	Love this place!! This place is fast and easy to get food from. They are open late and early. Their pricing is super affordable and the food is delicious!!
5	This is my favorite burrito place in south Scottsdale. The prices and portions are good, the food is delicious, and the salsas are great. Last time we were there, we ordered a customized vegetarian burrito and an adobada burrito. We were both very satisfied with our food.
5	This is my favorite quick bite to eat in the area.  I stop in so much for the carne asada burritos that the guys there know me and always say hi.  I'd say the only downside is they recently raised prices so it's not quite so easy on the wallet to get a meal anymore, but I live my life one burrito at a time and it works.
4	Hands down one of the best burritos I've ever had. Awesome ingredients, cooked to perfection. Delicious horchata. I come here as often as I can. You should too!
4	I always love the small local Mexican restaurants around town. This one is good but nit favorite. I only go there for the breakfast burritos and they are amazing. They are under $5 and are twice the size you will get at any fast food restaurant. I also like how they are not dripping with grease like others. I was unimpressed with the inside of the restaurant and the worker who took my order was not very nice and didn't smile at all. I usually do the drive thru and it is quick and easy. This place is better then filibertos and is great for breakfast or a quick snack.
2	Cheap, quick, but if you are looking for tasteful food it's not the right place. In fact, the 2 stars represent the value per dollars of the food. 4 stars for this place is insane. AZ people - you know better Mex food!
1	terrible service.  you can tell those guys hate their job and don't hide it. the food is good I go there often.
4	After moving from San Diego, where I could find some of the most delicious Mexican food it took me a while to stumble upon great tasting mexican food in Arizona. This place has really good quality food but the portions are on the small side especially for burritos.
4	I'm from Southern California and I love burritos . Moved to arizona about a month ago and live right next to fiesta burrito . I love California burritos and they have a good one with good red and green salsa . Wish the burrito was alittle thicker and the fries not as moist but other than that I will be a regular there for as long as I live here .
1	I came here on a whim today with a craving for mexican food. The inside of the restaurant was dark, quiet, and unappealing. Ordered the Carne Asada burrito and it was finished and ready to go within two minutes which is a bad sign, because it wasn't fresh. The meat had no flavor, tasted like it had been sitting in water for a while and was just generally tough. Rice was mediocre, beans looked/tasted like taco bell powdered beans, and the horchata tasted like sugar water. Avoid this place at all cost.
2	Fiesta Burrito is meh. As an Arizona native I'm picky with my Mexican food. I am always skeptical of drive-thru Mexican restaurants but I was so hungry and the reviews looked good.....I ordered the carnitas burrito and a medium hortchata. For the record, the hortchata is excellent! Sugary and sweet, but lighter than most. The burrito was huge - definitely a meal and a half. I didn't like the burrito at all, unfortunately. Everything was fresh and the tortilla, quac, and pico were on point. The carnitas, however, was dry and fatty. I couldn't even chew through some bites.I'm not really surprised with my experience at Fiesta Burrito. It's cheap and quick and similar to most fast food Mexican joints. I might come back here in the future. If I do, I will be ordering vegetarian! Cheese enchiladas, bean and rice burrito, quesadillas, and don't forget the hortchata!
2	Based on other reviews, I may have had higher expectations than I should, but this place is really not very good. Had the carne asada burrito with rice and beans. Carne asada had almost no flavor or char (appeared to be boiled? Yuck!) Which they attempted to mask with guac and pico. Beans and rice were sub par and bland as well. Meal came out in the time it took to fill my soda, which isn't a good sign. If you want good, quality, flavorful Mexican food look elsewhere. The only real positive is that it was fast and inexpensive. I won't be coming back.
3	slightly better then most mexican joints, fresher too. Only wish it was open later. be sure to tip them =D.
4	The California burrito and chimichanga are the best I've experienced in Arizona so far. They also have awesome salsas which I seem to grab way more than I need when I'm there. My only complaints are going to be the lack of seating, the length of time it takes to get your food sometimes and the clerk can be extremely rude. So I've chosen to get it to go and make sure I'm not on a time restraint when picking up food here. Also, the burritos are smaller than the ones I'n used to, but they're cheaper too!
4	Went Sunday evening not knowing they had seating.Ate in and truly enjoyed it. They were doing a continuous drive through business and a modest in house business. Food was good and salsa bar large and fresh. Place is very clean. Service was fast and friendly. I had #13? with additional fish taco and Tamarindo drink. Fish Taco w/beans & rice. I probably will go back today and sorry I drove by almost daily without stopping in.
2	Sub Par at best, Carne Asada plate two bland pieces of steak, tough and you have to chop it up yourself, the rice is bleh. I live down the street and I thought I would give this place a second chance due to construction on McDowell Rd, I'll continue going to LosBetos from now on. Even the photos on their drive thru menu look bland.
5	Had a super delicious shredded beef burrito and rolled tacos.  If I lived nearby I would definitely try every burrito on the menu.  The tortilla was fresh and hot, killer.  Good beans and rice.  The cheese enchilada was OK but not on the same level.
5	Fiesta Burrito has the best Mexican food in South Scottsdale! I usually use the drive thru. It's quick even when the line is long. Their burritos are amazing along with their SUPER NACHOS!! I highly recommend going to fiesta when your hungry for quick Mexican food.
4	I've been coming to Fiesta Burrito for months now, and the food is always good. From the breakfast burritos, to the various entrees, the food always hits the spot. It's not exceptional, but there is never a wait, and I know I can always count on getting my Mexican food fix here, and that makes me happy.
3	Good food bad customer service. Food is what I expect from a drive thru Mexican food place, but definitely not the best of its kind (Los favoritos). Drive thru people seem to not care about you at all. Also the potatoes in the California carne asada burritos differ depending on what time you go there.
3	We all know Fiesta Burrito has great food, but that's not my issue here. PRICES. They have raised their prices almost comparable to sitting down at a full service dining restaurant. A carne asada burrito, beans and rice combination: $9.28... with the burrito having shrunk in bulk noticeably. Not sure if they have lost business and are struggling, or if they are hoping to reap the benefits of the new mass apartment complexes going in across the street from them.
5	Ok, this is the best of the fast burrito joints around town. You know, all those berto places, this beats them hands down. If you live in or around Old Town, you need to get yourself a late night burrito from this place pronto. Although, if you don't know about it yet, I'm not really sure I can get on board with your life choices thus far. Who are you?
5	This place is amazing! Hate to share my secret little neighborhood gem but it would be selfish not to. The beans and their family recipe are unmatched. They're always fast and their food is reasonably priced. The girls and I love a lunch at Fiesta!
