5	I love this little fruit stand. Their produce is delicious and very affordable. They also sell cheap plants for gardens, and little extras like Amish jam and honey. I highly recommend checking it out if it's not too far out of your way.
5	Best farmers market I've stumbled across in the Pittsburgh area! Right across the street from St. Margaret hospital, and frequent stops at Patty's is the only thing I miss about working there! Amazing selection of produce at great prices. What could be better?!?! The also have a good selection of flowers and plants, I've bought flowers from them for several years in a row and they've been great quality. The also have fresh bread, pies, cookies, jams and cheeses at Patty's. The fruit is great, and inexpensive! Two pineapples for $5! A huge basket of cherries for $1.99! Chambersburg peaches in a huge bucket for $6! I think the best deal I've come across here was a huge box of mangos, probably a dozen or so, for $5!! Outrageous!! The veggies are impressive too. Cheap, sweet corn. A huge pillow sized bag of homegrown spinach for $2! The staff is really nice and if you don't know about a particular food, ask! I didn't know if I'd like ugli fruit, then one of the guys working split one open on the spot and had me try it! I promptly bought a bag of them. Yum! How do I know when this prickly pear is ripe? The nice folks at Patty's told me. I don't work at St. Margaret anymore, but I still think that annoying drive down route 28 is worth it to load up on goodies at Patty's!
3	The pies are the best. Hit and miss with the fruit and vegetables. Stick with the pies and you are safe.
2	My wife used to shop at Patty's for fruits and vegetables.  This past weekend we went there to buy vegetables for canning salsa.  We met with the owner who helped us get two bushels of tomatoes, a box of onions, hot peppers, and the list goes on.  The stack of boxes was 5 feet tall.  My wife noticed there were lots of fruit flies around the tomato boxes.  She pulled out 3 rotten tomatoes and set them aside.  When we were about finished, we asked if we could have 3 tomatoes to replace the rotten ones.  The owner started to argue with us.  He argued to the point that people were starting to stare.  We left with nothing.  What kind of business owner gives up a sale that size over 3 tomatoes?!  Unbelievable.  We will no longer be shopping at Patty's.
3	Patty's is a small farm stand located across the street from St. Margaret's hospital in Aspinwall. I have kind of a love-hate relationship with this place. On one hand, they offer fresh produce at reasonable prices, which is great. Not many organics, but tons of local stuff. However, occasionally I've gotten rotten fruits and veggies here. Case in point, one time this past summer I bought like 8 clamshells of strawberries here because they had a killer price. Got them home only to find mold in Every.Single.One. GRRR! So don't be an idiot like me, make sure you check the stuff before you buy it.They also sell seasonal garden/outdoor things like flowers, pumpkins, and Christmas trees. This is where I really get a bee in my bonnet, because many of  these items are so damn expensive. I bought a plastic hanging flower basket here over the summer that was nice, but pretty basic, and I almost had a heart attack at the cash register when they charged me $40 (the same item at Home Depot was $19.95). This year we thought it would be nice to get our Christmas tree at Patty's (I'd just as soon buy a fake tree, but my husband insists on a real one every year). So we stopped by to pick out a tree (a small six footer), and they quoted us a price of $80. EIGHTY FREAKING DOLLARS for a small tree. Maybe the tree has famous parents or something, but sorry Patty's, ain't gonna happen. We couldn't stomach paying that much, so we instead went to Home Depot and got the EXACT SAME TYPE OF TREE for $44. I don't mind paying a small premium for items to support local businesses, particularly when those items are of higher quality than at other stores, but charging nearly double for the same stuff makes it really hard for me to justify shopping there.So anyway, yeah, Patty's is definitely hit or miss depending on what you buy there, so caveat emptor. They take credit cards, but I believe there is a $10 minimum. Open most of the year, except for a couple of months in the winter (they close right after Christmas and reopen in March).Lastly, they offer free bibles for the taking. So if you find yourself in need of produce AND Jesus, there's that.
