5	They are the best cleaners I have had in the valley.
5	What can I say? I have been a customer for 20 years now. They keep my wardrobe looking GREAT! I trust them with my most expensive designer items. They always have my things done on time and the pricing is very fair for what a good job they do. This is a fabulous local find that I recommend whole heartedly.
1	I should listen to the warning signals that go off in my head when I enter an establishment that proudly displays a sign which reads:  "YOU WANT IT WHEN?", depicting a bunch of cartoon people rolling around on the floor laughing. That speaks VOLUMES about what kind of customer service is to be expected. This is the WORST dry cleaner I have ever gone to, bar none. Three times now I have paid top dollar to have Betsey Johnson dresses cleaned, only to have them returned looking exactly the same as when I dropped them off. Before last week, the last dress I had brought in (which cost me $12.00 on eBay, and that included shipping) cost me $22.00, $11.00 for the dress itself, & $11.00 for the polyester under-slip. There was a spot on the dress when I brought it in which was still there when I picked it up, however, since there was no notification that the spot couldn't be removed, I thought I was going home with a clean dress--as was the case with both other dresses. Btw, DANA argued with me and implied that I am a liar because I said that none of the three items had a tag on them indicating there was a spot that couldn't be removed. Because I had already had two experiences in the past with spots that weren't spot-cleaned, I decided to try hand washing the third dress before donating it to Goodwill...lo & behold, the spot came out. Customers get sick of going back, wasting PRECIOUS time & more money to get things done right, which was why I decided not to bring that particular dress back in. Last week I decided to give them one more chance, so I brought in three dresses to be pressed & one sleeveless gauze top. One of the dresses has layers, but I was not advised when I dropped it off that pressing it would cost $17.00. The other two dresses evidently cost $11.00 apiece to press, & the gauze top about $7.00. At that time, I SPECIFICALLY ASKED for the price to press long dresses, & the clerk, Mayra, told me it would cost about a dollar less than the dry cleaning process. She did not mention A THING about the layered dress costing $6.00 more...evidently I was supposed to intuitively know that the question needed to be asked. In other words, A LIE BY OMISSION. So I spent around $46.00 for the pressing of three dresses & the dry cleaning of one cotton top. I had asked for an $11.00 discount on the current order based on the fact that they didn't do the job right on the last dress I had brought in, & the owner, DANA (DANA wanted me to be sure to mention DANA's name here...happy to oblige!) started shaking and hyperventilating because I told DANA I thought a discount was in order for the inconvenience, as well as the spot that was still present on the last dress after I got it home...which cost me $11.00. I don't think even wealthy people--which I am not--feel they have money like that to blow. I asked DANA what was WRONG with DANA, treating a customer this way, & DANA's response was that DANA is the owner & that DANA can treat me however DANA likes. Man, do I pity DANA's employees. I wasn't asking for an additional $11.00 refund for the extra charge to clean a SLIP. Anyway, evidently DANA would rather make herself sick than be kind/accommodating to a customer. In the two years I was their customer, I had asked twice to have spots re-cleaned, NOT FOR REFUNDS OR CREDITS, yet today DANA basically told me I am a malcontent because I don't like to spend tons of money for nothing. And then DANA said I complained EVERY TIME I picked something up...so DANA is a LIAR, too. Believe me, if I had had that many complaints prior to today, I would have stopped bringing my clothes there a long time ago...today's experience was the FOURTH strike, which is more chances than I give most people who take my money, do a substandard job & then try to blame me instead of doing the right thing by admitting they made a mistake. SPARE ME. And yes, I consider the way DANA treated me--& the job FASHION CLEANERS did--a form of r@pe, because unless I paid their price, I was powerless to get back what is mine (which didn't bother me so much until I paid them $22.00 FOR ABSOLUTELY NOTHING). DANA's complete lack of customer service--& outright RUDENESS to a customer who, in the past, had referred OTHER people to spend their money at Fashion Cleaners--ensured that I won't go back. DANA actually accused ME of being defensive!!!! The girl who waited on me, Mayra, admitted when I left that I had always been very kind in the past, until DANA had a total meltdown today--obviously DANA doesn't know HOW to take criticism. My advice to DANA:  If DANA can't stand the heat, DANA should get shrunk and out of the freakin' kitchen. DANA does not belong in a customer-service oriented profession. PATHETIC. Three strikes, and I gave them the GIFT of another. YOU'RE OUT! ADDENDUM: THE ELASTIC SMOCKING ON TWO BRAND NEW DRESSES WAS COMPROMISED (PERMANENTLY STRETCHED OUT IN SOME PLACES) BY WHATEVER METHOD THEY USED TO "PRESS" MY DRESSES. BBB, HERE I COME!
1	Went to wear the Free People gauze tiered top I had paid to have CLEANED, and there are STILL spots on the garment.  I had spilled a couple of drops of strawberry milkshake on the bodice and it evidently dripped to the lower tier, unbeknownst to me when I brought in the top to be CLEANED at Fashion Cleaners.  The spot I did point out on the bodice is gone, but Fashion Cleaners did not look for other spots, and three remain.  So I spent about $7.00 for a half-baked job.Filed complaint with the Better Business Bureau and guess what?  They have ignored it.The following transpired on 11/9/13, AFTER the BBB closed the complaint because the owner(s) had not responded:Rec'd response re complaint and DANA still doesn't get it.  No remorse, no apology, no acceptance/admission of mistakes.  A grudging refund with a nasty reply.  Can you say "pass the buck and blame everything on a customer"?  Fashion Cleaners CAN and DOES!   I sent these people about a dozen pictures of what I was talking about...feel,sorry for the co-owner, who doesn't seem half-bad, but when a person such as his partner presents the way she did with me, I just cannot, in good conscience, revise my rating.
