5	Food was so good & service was friendly and great. The pork taco was super delicious. Nice tequila selection as well!!
5	The addition of Nacho Daddy downtown will offer another great place to watch sports and enjoy great food 24x7.They could have the best coffee menu options downtown as well.
4	Great selection for vegans. I had the Kale Salad, it was tasty and refreshing!  The roasted corn is fresh and straight off the cobb. I also got the guacamole; it is fresh and simple. It's amazing how many people can mess up guacamole and Nacho Daddy did it right. It's chunky with hand chopped onions and tomatoes. Honestly it could have used more cilantro!  My husband got the Spicy Tofu Burrito, look out taste buds!  I didn't even try it because I can't do spicy but he said it was great but not for the weak belly!  Overall the experience was good, the chips were light and fresh but almost too salty. I will eat here again!
4	Went for lunch and the service was super fast. The food was filling and the flavors were great. We ordered a burritto and the Super Tostda Nachos. The nachos were great, toppings on every chip the way nachos should be. I am definitely going to add this place to the list of places to lunch downtown.
5	I'm a huge huge fan of Nacho Daddy's first location down on Eastern and was beyond stoked when I saw they opened one downtown. The new location definitely lived up to my expectations. The bartenders and servers were nothing but helpful. I was a little bummed that the nacho selection was missing some of my favorites (Enchilada Nachos), but overall the food was on point and the service was perfect. The girl with the treestar tattoo rocked!.
3	I have been here twice now, I got the "mexi-cob w/ chicken" the first time and liked it so much I got it the second time. Tho they claim to be, they're not as vegan or vegetarian friendly as they think. So my girlfriend is very unhappy with either one of the orders of make-shift vegetarian tacos she's had, but she loves their margaritas. One thing I will say is, there's a difference in having good service and then too much service, both times I felt like I had 6 people waiting on me, I constantly had people talking to me and felt I never had second to actually enjoy my food. Also, their whole delivery system for chips and salsa is terrible. They start by asking you which salsa I want as if I knew my options, so I ask for all at once so I can decide. Then they give you a basket of chips with these tiny little, smaller then a shotglass, cups of salsa. The chip barely fits in the cup. You kinda have to pick up the cup and pour the salsa on each individual chip. It's bananas. Has this nacho daddy character never been to a  Mexican restaurant? What is he trying to prove? They all taste great but it's almost too much work to enjoy. Last but not least, this place is a coke establishment, which is always a plus for me!
4	You're losing a star because of the lack of service. I mean you were all friendly, but maybe had there been one or two more servers it would have been a perfect 5. Food is good. Price fair. One of the only spots in Vegas I felt good about what I ate and didn't get ripped off.
4	Stopped here to watch some NFL games before LIB a few weeks back and was pleasantly surprised with the new digs. They had most of the out of town games on, so I got to watch my Jets lose by 40 to a team from Ohio (boo). Sunny day? Gotta grab a Pacifico on tap and a Daddy's Supreme Taco (carne asada, mozz, roasted salsa and cilantro). This was a bomb-a$$ taco and was really like a smedium 'rito. A thicker than normal tortilla allowed all the toppings to stay right in place, so no leaking from any end and no breakage in the middle. The lunchtime price of $8.95 didn't break the bank and the whole bill (2 beers, 1 shot, taco, chips) came out around $20. Not too bad. Will def be back!Pro-tip: Don't ask what kind of tequilas they have unless you have a while. There are lots.
2	Nacho Daddy downtown on 4th St is really cute. Loved the decor and the servers were very nice if not a bit slow.  I ordered the steak burrito with red and green enchilada sauce on the side. The presentation was nice but the burrito was just okay.  The enchilada sauces were tasty though!! I might go back to try something else as I always like to give places a second chance.
2	For a restaurant that has nacho in the name, I plan on trying some great nachos. I came with two friends around 8pm, we ordered the tostada nachos and for 13$ I expected more. The plan was to share the nachos and get more food but the nachos were so underwhelming we ended the meal there. I like nachos with layers and a substantial amount of cheese. These however were the typical bar nachos, small pile of chips, small amount of cheese, tons of beans etc. It is not that difficult to layer chips, cheese, more  chips, more cheese and then toppings. Mediocre food aside, I was feeling some coffee as I noticed the espresso machine. I asked the waitress what coffee drinks were really good, she said one and then just stood there. I'm a former barista so if I ask about your coffee I want to hear if you know what you're talking about. What's so great about the lion coffee they serve? I'll never know since I'm not planning on going back. Working in a restaurant I know you can get busy and forget things. However, I don't like to ask for a check and have you forget because a friend comes in and you're talking to them at the bar. After asking another employee for the check, our waitress came running over and said "sorry love!".. Gave us the check and knowing we would probably need change took off yet again. It should not take 10+ minutes to pay for food especially when there are only 2 other small tables. Two stars because this is a cool looking space, very warm and interesting decor. It was not an experience I want to repeat unless the nachos improve .
5	I love this place! Usually i go for lunch but this morning i had breakfast. It was the best breakfast burrito ever!! great quick service and they even have a walk up window. the next time i go i am trying the hot chocolate .
1	Really expensive. Staff not restaurant trained. like a take out style Super low key
4	Great Food and vibe.  Loved the vegan options!
4	After a couple days of buffet & casino food, bf and I were looking for a nearby spot for lunch that offered something a little different. Thank you, Yelpers for leading us to Nacho Daddy, right off the beaten Fremont Street Experience path.I'm kind of wavering between 3 & 4 stars here, service was lacking, but the food was good. The place feels a little divided, with the bar & bar dining on the other side of the wall from a more open, "brunchy" feeling dining area. We sat away from the bar but I wish we hadn't, it was much livelier over there!The menu offers tacos, burritos, chips, guac... I honestly didn't look over it too long because we found what we wanted right away. We split the guacamole, chicken street tacos and pork burrito. Everything was very tasty and reasonably priced.Our server was a bit inattentive, forgetting things here and there, taking awhile on the drinks, etc. We weren't in a big hurry though so it wasn't a huge deal.Glad we stopped by!
3	Decent food but any place with two $ signs and paper napkins I just can't get behind.  For that much money I want cloth.  Sorry.   I did enjoy the mason jars and attentive bartender.  A little on the pricy side for what it is but overall it's a nice atmosphere.  Wish them the best of luck and I appreciate them being in downtown.
2	I went here a couple of weeks ago for lunch. We dined at the down town location. Cute name. Clearly marketing to the tourists as there is a bar that opens to the street. Medium sized dining area. What put me off almost immediately is when I went to the website lunch specials were listed. However, when I went there the waitress new nothing about it and asked the manager, the manager then came over and explained that the lunch specials were only for the Henderson location and not downtown. I will own up that it was my mistake upon review of the website again when you download the menu it states Henderson menu and when you scroll down to the very bottom then there is a cover sheet stating Las Vegas menu that does not list lunch specials. Nonetheless, this left a bad taste in my mouth. As to the food, a bit pricey in my opinion for what you get. I will admit that I am a nacho snob - I love nachos and if I am going to splurge they better be darn good. I like traditional nachos piled high with gooey cheese (love the nachos at Big Dog's) and avant-garde nachos such as the asian nachos at Grand Luxe. The nachos sounded good, we ordered the cheeseburger nachos and bbq pulled pork nachos. The queso sauce was smooth and creamy and the pulled pork was sweet although not great bbq but I didn't expect that from here.  Cheeseburger nachos, well, were like a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, ground beef etc. They were approximately $10 each. They were good but again nothing phenomenal and for the price not a whole lot there. I was full but had I been any hungrier would not have been. And I am pretty sure other people in the group were not full. There were three plates of nachos shared among four people. They had one of those new help yourself Coke machines with the different flavors. Overall I have mixed feelings about the Coke machine. You have to get your own drink which I am okay with but if there is anyone standing at the drink machine you may be in for a long wait as they ponder their drink selection.  Anyway, cute idea but I won't be coming back.
5	Breakfast, lunch or dinner this place is the spot in old downtown Vegas!  Great take on Mexican food.  Amazing salads, I recommend the Kale Salad.  Great service, good food, what more could you ask for!?!?
5	The tacos were wonderful.  Great spicy salsa.   A nice find a little off the beaten path .
5	Great selection of Mexican beer on draught, also an impressive selection of tequilas, the street tacos were so tasty I keep going back for more, also the bartenders super friendly and personable.  All and all a great place to hang out and have some great eats!
5	Heather Rae kicks ass, I've probably never had better service,  she was incredibly helpful and if she is ever fired, my friends and I will never be back. The food is also fantastic,  and the scenery is amazing. Get some Iration radio and I'd have to rent a cot in the back.
4	Enjoyable fresh flavors with crispy fresh chips, relaxed atmosphere and nice friendly bar.
5	Best place in downtown Las Vegas. Great food and awesome service!!! The new shrimp tacos are great!! Good spot to watch football and eat some of the best nachos too!!!
4	I like the location, the food and the atmosphere. The bartenders are friendly and they let me plug in my computer to the socket on the inside of their bar area ... but the internet definitely didn't work with my mac. The internet issue is why I took off one star.
5	This place was amazing! Wanted something different than the normal tourist fair. This was a  very refreshing experience. Our waitress Eva was very happy helpful and playful. She made our experience here great. The food was huge! Not what we expected. We came on a taco Tuesday there were 3 of us 2 guys who are big eaters and myself and there was food left over from our supreme tostada nachos and 10 for $10 tacos which were not your typical skimpy tacos Tuesday tacos.  Will be coming here every time we come to Vegas.
4	Brief checkin... (a/k/a more once I've sat down to a meal)...I've been to the new DTF (ha!) location twice now. Stellar service from fab staff, great drinks, and - just being honest as I've not eaten much here yet - my friends find it to be tasty food. The menu is abbreviated from the Henderson location, but the offerings are still classic Nacho Daddy with, I think, some new surprises? I dare say I prefer this location; the layout is cozy and more conducive to socializing,  it's warmer and more welcoming, and, hey, you're downtown! Aaaand, the open garage-style windows = a form of my beloved al fresco #patiolife! 70* on a January day? Perfect!Looking forward to checking it out more often!PS, the music is nicely mixed and I've yet to hear (a) the same palsy on repeat, or (b) a bad song.  Poppy, alt rock, Top 100, and others mixed in. A bit of stuff for all.
5	If I could give this please more starts I easily would. My friends and I went here as suggested our friend who lives in Vegas and let me tell you I will always listen to him for his food recommendations. This place was so yummy and had a cool vibe to it. Very clean and our server Eva was awesome. Very personable and knew the menu well. We all got nachos myself the ones with the pulled BBQ pork and white cheddar and cilantro. My mouth is watering just thinking about them. I definitely recommend them. My husband got the hamburger nachos and those were very yummy. One of our friends got the tacos and man oh man was the tortilla delish. House made by the chef himself and the best thing we had ever tried. We tried asking for the recipe but they wouldn't share their secret recipe. Although Eva told us they were in the process of creating a cook book and to look for it in May! Man I can't wait til May so I can be one of the firsts in line to purchase all the yummy dishes. Thank you Nacho Daddy and Eva we had a wonderful time.
4	I was here with a friend in December.  We had a great meal.  I had the buffalo nachos and my buddy had a veggie burrito.  We shared chips and i had soda.Our server Christin was fantastic.  She kept filling up our drinks and chips.  She recommended my item from the happy hour menu.  She was sweet and cute and just a great personality.Our bill was $35 with tip which I thought was not bad given the quality of food and awesome service.  If you are concerned with prices, try the happy hour menu...my nachos (which were plenty big) were only $6I'll be back!
4	Decided to check this place out because we thought the name was funny.  Ambiance was fine for a bar/restaurant.  The menu has great options for vegetarians and everything is coked to order. I ordered the spicy vegetarian burrito. The chef took extra care to prepare tofu perfectly! Food was really tasty and unique. Fresh guacamole was really good!Best part was our server. I didn't catch his name but he was great! Super helpful and attentive. Suggested items for each guest (8 of us). We all loved our dishes! I'd go back just because of how he presented the menu items and the chefs attn to detail!Great place!G
4	Stop 2 on the Holiday Progressive dinner tour: *stop one below at Double Helix* Criteria for the Progressive Dinner was 6 people 3 "couples" - 3 different restaurants/bars in 3 different areas of Vegas. Total bill for all 3 not to exceed 600.00 total or 200.00/couple. All 6 of us have been to & loved the Henderson location so when Nacho Daddy opened in the DTLV it was our 1st choice to go to for dinner. We arrived still a bit sated and slightly tipsy from our last stop. *not to worry we who live in Vegas make sure not to drink & drive* When we arrived *slightly late but we called* they had our table all ready & waiting. Our server was Chris who was amazing at keeping our glasses full. We started with a round of Lambics - just to clear the palate. Followed by a pitcher of perfect Margaritas. Normally not the best idea because for some reason in other places we've found that the pitcher method loses some of the quality of the actual cocktail. Not in the case of the Big Daddy's. consistent tot he last drop. For food - we decided on 3 different types of nachosFlorentine: Chicken Spinach & asiago cheese. very light & different from the nachos we've had previously. Excellent choice for a vegetarian as they will make them - the chicken. By far my personal favorite. Kind of like a nice spinach dip with the chips already in. Thai Chicken:  not my personal favorite but everyone else loved them. Basically it was a nice pad thai on nacho chips and very SPICY. it was very flavorful but I was enthralled with the Florentine.Fiesta Chicken Nachos: Closest to what is expected in a traditional American nachos amped up with the addition of the diablo sauce. One of the "boys" tried to lick the plate. Speaking of "boys" the urinal block is hysterical. yes I looked. We each had an order of corn on the cob & shared 2 bowls of the queso dip. Food:  consistent with the Henderson location. Service: Exceptional. Chris gets 5 ***** (for vegas, someone that attentive to a large party is very unusual) Fat Friendly:  All seats were armless so no hip issues. also spaced far enough apart that we didn't have to sit back to back with our neighbor. Maybe because it was a Tuesday night in off season, but there was ample room. Doubt that would be the case during Life is Beautiful or EDC. Ambiance: much more cosy & conducive to conversation than the Henderson location. Total bill including tip: $206.00 It was a great choice & w've been back since and still consistent with the food & the services!
1	Horrible service!  I'm a patient man, but seriously! It's seems that out servers were more interested in drinking with each other and having social time then making sure we had drinks and food.  Then getting napkins was like pulling teeth.  We asked for forks 4 times ! It's wasn't until the food came that the food runner brought us some. He should have been out server.  The food is good and it's sad that service sucks!  So many places downtown up and coming and this could be a great place if they get their act together.  Tables should be attended all the time and when you have a large party ordering shots , drinks and food you would think they would want the business.  Very disappointed !
5	Service was amazing. Will definitely return! Nachos are amazing, definitely recommend the supreme tostada nachos. They are delicious!
5	I have frequented this place many times and have never had a bad meal. I absolutely LOVE , LOVE there Steak Supreme Tacos . First off all they start with a homemade flour tortilla that is lightly grilled to perfection , they proceed to stuff it full with juicy marinated steak , mozzarella cheese , roasted anaheim salsa and then top it off with cilantro , it also comes with refried beans and Mexican rice . This Supreme Taco is very moist and sooooo amazing . It's definitely my favorite menu item . I've also had the Seasoned Ribeye , and OH MY GOD , it was perfectly seasoned and so tender that it melted in my mouth . They are not a steak house so I was surprised as to how delicious the Ribeye was . I'm going to say its one of the best I've ever had here in Las Vegas . The local vibe here is great and the service was perfectly on key . My drink is always kept full and the staff is very personable . You must come by and try this place out !!
1	CHECK YOUR RECEIPT BEFORE YOU PAY!Classic tale of how bad service can ruin your entire experience.I frequent the Nacho Daddy in the Henderson area, to the point where the servers pretty much know what I am having so I was eager to try the downtown location. I went in on a Saturday afternoon. The menu is completely different than the Henderson location, but they have an awesome happy hour and everything tasted good. I was with a party of four, and we decided to split our checks. I offered to pay for our appetizer, and didn't think too much when my check came in a little higher. When I got home later that night and cleaned by bag, I realized that I was charged for than double price for my entree. I called the next morning hoping that the problem could be corrected via phone. I was told that I had to physically go downtown, which is a hassle from Aliante. I asked for gas for the inconvenience. Anthony, the manager, proceeded to call me a liar among other things.. just completely unprofessional.I was later allowed to come collect the difference. The server confirmed her mistake. The assistant manager was just as rude as Anthony, and not once did anyone offer an apology. I can say with great confidence, that I will never step foot in another Nacho Daddy. If you're in Henderson, check out Zabas or Chipotle nearby. Downtown there are plenty of substitutes that won't try to rip you off.
4	Love hanging out in Nacho Daddy. Staff is great and love it when you just chill with a laptop and soak up the vibe. The Street Tacos are my favorite dish and never disappoint. Bonus points for Urinal Games in the Mensroom.
4	We saw the billboard on the highway for the Henderson location, but it took us 2 months to stop. I wish we had stopped sooner. What a great lunch meal. Prices are reasonable (except $2.95 for a pop). Good service, and lots to eat.
1	As nacho connoisseurs from Texas my brother and I were stoked to check this place out! Great concept because really good nachos involve some prep work!Nacho Daddy does not deliver! Ingredients do not taste fresh and are layered in a way that homogenized all the flavor.  Try not chopping everything into tiny bits.  Their menu offers very few divergent takes on the classic nacho supreme and what they do offer lacks imaginations.
5	I wasn't expecting for their food or service to be that great but it exceeded my expectations. I was so happy to see they had a nice variety of vegetarian/vegan options, especially worth it on Happy Hour!! My first time experience was phenomenal, from their food to their service! Shoutout to David, Eva and Krystal*!!
2	The only reason this place is getting two stars is for their service.  My boss wanted to order from here last week and their menu was not working online.  I called and asked if they could fax it and their fax machine was also not working.  They had someone deliver a menu to my office (they don't even deliver food).  That's a good start!  Or so I thought.Not sure if everyone is drunk when they review this place or what but the food was horrible.  No one in my office was satisfied with their food.  I ordered the Supreme Tostada Nacho and it ended up missing half of the things that are listed as being on it (fried jalapenos, avocado lime salsita, cilantro, etc).  It was some bland beef, bland fake cheese and a little real cheese on top of greasy chips.  Not sure how they can pride themselves on their nachos when I could get better ones from Taco Bell.   Another co-worker got steak street tacos - she said they were bland and nothing to write home about.  The wings were also not very tasty.  So much for a new lunch spot downtown for us....
3	The nacho selection did not impress me I like real cheese on my nachos bummer. I ordered the chips and salsa, chips were bathed in salt and only one salsa was tasty. I went for the burger as my entree which was actually pretty good.
3	When considering what downtown has to offer, Nacho Daddy isn't on my top list of restaurants. However, this spot does delivers on what it promises: decent Mexican food and great drinks in a fun atmosphere. The restaurant is pretty small, a fully stocked bar sits across from a stage next to a separate dining room. Nacho Daddy regularly features musical performers and artists which really helps reflect what DTLV has been focusing on for the past years.  The food is similar to the Henderson location, but seemingly in smaller portions. The street tacos are delicious and the Thai chicken nachos are a great twist and a must-try dish. Splurge on the deep-fried ice cream, its worth it!  The bar gets extra points for serving up margaritas in mason jars! Though the food is pretty good I thought it was overpriced; $14 for nachos? $10 for margaritas? Meh. Service was pretty friendly on our visit though the bartenders seemed to be slacking on the drinks. Our margaritas were too sweet and they weren't that generous with the tequila. Though I'm not opposed to future visits, they are more worthy places in DTLV.
5	What a gem! Came in this am around 10:37, and they were only serving breakfast. But our waitress asked the cook if lunch could be served and yes it could! Whew! I had the BBQ chicken nachos and it was delicious! Very generous portion but not monstrous! Service was great, food was great! This is a must spot!
3	Eh... I was a little disappointed, which made me sad because this was my birthday dinner AND I'd heard so many good things about Nacho Daddy!I made a reservation two weeks prior for 20 people. I called that afternoon to confirm the reservation. ("yep, we have it, no problem!"). When we arrived, no one seemed to know what we were talking about! Luckily, they weren't super busy, so they were able to set something up for us, but that definitely put a sour taste in my mouth to start.Secondly,  the menu is NOT the same as what is posted online (only the Henderson location  posts their menu). This was especially disappointing because I'd already planned out what I wanted, but lo and behold, it wasn't on their menu. The menu of the Downtown location is much more abbreviated. I ended up ordering the BBQ nachos, which were good, but the sauce was very strong, and there was a lot of cilantro. We also had chips & salsa. The chips were great, and the salsa very hot. I also had a Raspberry Margarita, which was super sweet! I like sweet drinks, but this was even too sweet for my taste.  We also got an order of the s'mores nachos to share and sing Happy Birthday to me! They were okay. Just beware that the marshmallow sauce is REALLY sticky! Just passing it around the table, a girl got some of it stuck in her hair, and I know I got some  on my face and it was hard to get off!The service was very friendly and casual, but I think they were a little strapped for servers (it looked like they might have only had 2 and 1 or 2 bartenders?), so they didn't come back to check on us and our needs too often. I do want to check out the Henderson location, but I don't know that I'll return to ND downtown.
5	Came here for dinner with my wife after hearing good reviews from friends. The restaurant was very busy but we were seated immediately. Service was fast and friendly and the food was amazing. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken Nachos and my wife had the veggie burrito.The Buffalo Chicken Nachos were absolutely out of this world. I tried my wife's burrito, but I had already tasted the nachos, so I was definitely grading on the curve at that point. My wife loved the burrito, so overall it was a win-win.Our server was very "on top of it" during our entire meal. Checking in on us to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. We even got a table-side visit from Anthony, the manager who wanted to make sure we were having a good time. Overall, it was a great dining experience. I left with a full, happy belly and have been dreaming of going back for more Buffalo Chicken Nachos for the last week.
4	I come here at least once a week. Im usually here for lunch and its never too busy which I like. Not sure what its like at night. The food is good and the staff is great! I haven't sat at the bar yet, again, I'm only there for lunch but it looks big and fully stocked!
4	A friend was celebrating her birthday and chose this new Nacho Daddy location for dinner. I was so excited because I had been to the location in Henderson and always had good food andxservice.I was a little disappointed as the downtown location is much smaller and the decor is super urban. There is a small seating area of 2-4 person tables (about 10) and a wall that seperates the bar area with counter height seating. It fits the downtown scene but I don't find that seperation comfortable. The menu is not the same as what's online or what is at the Henderson location. This menu has less items which was disappointing because I was raving to all of my friends about their delicious quesadillas and it wasn't there. We were also told by the staff that there were items available at the bar were not available on the menu. In the end we got our quesadillas but it was confusing. Our party was about 13 people and the servers were very good at getting our food and drinks without too long of a wait. I had the burger nachos which was delicious and a raspberry margarita which was a little too sweet but good. My boyfriend had steak fajitas and a skinny margarita and was very satisfied. We ordered the smore's nachos for dessert and that was epic! I recommend it to anyone who loves marshmallows and chocolate. It was a really good meal and I would go again now that I know what to expect.
3	Service is too slow!!! It seems that the manager it's the only one working. Food and drinks are good.
1	The Cycle Pub Crawl took us here as one of the stops but we wish they hadn't. For a chain restaurant, their prices are designed to gouge the nearby tourists. $16 for one Coke and one poorly crafted margarita. This is what you'd expect to pay at a nightclub, but not a crappy chain restaurant.We all ordered drinks upon arriving and a couple of us had to flag down servers for a missing soda and margaritas. We watched the bartender keep dropping his drink recipe notes. The nachos were disgusting. It tasted like stale chips with what looked like dog food on top...I wouldn't feed this to my dog. The servers had no idea who ordered what and settling the bill was a monumental task for them. Make sure you count your change before you leave.A very disappointing experience.  I wouldn't waste my time or money since there are plenty of other better places to go nearby.
4	Yummy food, we shared nachos and a burger. The service was good, friendly staff. Although they advertise the best margaritas in Vegas, they were out of the stuff to make them.
4	Great atmosphere, everyone had the supreme nachos and looks like they're really  enjoying their meal
2	We were highly disappointed in this establishment, especially after pointing at it all week and thinking that it might be a cool spot to have dinner.  Sigh, more fools us.We came in on St. Patrick's night and the place was quieter than every other restaurant on the Fremont Street Experience, which should have been our first warning.  We ordered a pitcher of White Peach margaritas and the "average burger" nachos for me, Daddy's Supreme chicken taco for him.  Then we waited patiently, expecting the drinks to come out first.No such luck - here comes the food.  I look over at my husband's plate and see this really sad-looking taco shell with a bunch of filling in it.  There was more plate than food, and I had a nasty feeling that the rest of the experience wasn't going to be much better than this.  My nachos, at least, had some substance.  But... they were just okay, not great.  The cheese sauce tasted like reheated Cheez Whiz, there was no bacon whatsoever to be found, and the onions were minced so finely that they just disintegrated the moment they touched my tongue.  I was bitterly disappointed.  To make matters worse, the margaritas came when we were nearly done with our food.  Bad, bad timing.  We were pretty much ready to pack up and leave by that point.Once the drinks came, the experience was slightly better - but, hey, I got drunk.  If it takes getting me drunk to improve things... (and my husband will tell you that he has never seen me tie one on like that, ever)Final insult:  the bill was 53 dollars, making it the most expensive meal we had in Vegas over the course of a week.  It wasn't close to being worth that.  My husband honestly didn't want to leave a tip at all, but I convinced him otherwise.  It never did get any busier while we were there.  I see why it didn't now.The only reason why 2 stars - the food was edible and the drinks packed a punch.  But that's it. Servers were polite but in the end did nothing to improve our experience here.Not recommended.
1	Just left nacho daddy Downtown we walked in and were told I had to go outside to finish my beer I paid 7 dollars for I was the only one who had not finished there drink of the four of us.   Did you really think we would not order another drink and spend at least one hundred dollars on food and beverage.   Instead you kicked us out and we are at town square at millers ale house.   Your loss pretty sure no one cares
1	Is it just me or is this place a little odd?  We went in here today for lunch and the place is really small.  My friend thought they would bring us chips and salsa but no, it was $3.50 when the menu said it would be $2.95 so that is my first problem with this place!!  Then I ordered the Vegan guacamole and mango salsa tacos.  I am sorry to say they were very unpleasant.  I am not sure if it is not "mango season" or what the deal is, but the "guacamole" was a misnomer--it was not full of guacamole like you might expect because there were no animal products-it just seemed like an afterthought.  My second problem with this place is that a diet soda is $2.95.  Come on, seriously?  you serve it in a little plastic cup.  Nothing fancy.  I will not be back here.  Save your money for the other businesses popping up downtown.
4	Working downtown gives me the luxury of bountiful options for happy hour.  So when a Tuesday night craving randomly arose, I decided to choose a place close to my job that offered a little bit of happy hour libations and good grub. Since they've opened, I've visited Nacho Daddy a few times. For someone who hasn't really put Mexican cuisine at the top of their list, they must be doing something right for me to continue coming back!As successful as the Anthem location was, Nacho Daddy decided to open up shop last year in Downtown Las Vegas. This semi-hole in the wall gem of a cantina is located on 4th St., between Stewart Ave. and The Fremont Street Experience.  If you get lost, just look for the bright red and yellow neon sign accompanied with a Nacho chip man dressed in a Sombrero.  When you enter in the restaurant, you'll notice a few focal points. The first thing I noticed the partition separating the restaurant from the bar. Covered with pictures of various tequila brands, the partition really holds true to the type of restaurant this is.  There were also two garage style rolling doors offering a lot of fresh air ventilation which I appreciated on this warm evening.  Entering the full service bar, I immediately noticed the square bar top that took up almost the entire space.  Big screen TVs and projectors allowed me to watch multiple games and networks.  On my visit, Tyrone and Rick were the bartenders helping me out.  Tyrone was the one who actually took my order and stood out to me the most.  He was not only easy to talk to, but super attentive and really took the time to show me I was a valued customer.  Now that's customer service!The partitions made me realize that margaritas were definitely in order! Call me a lush, but since this was also an important review, I thought it was only fair to try an array of flavors! So here's the deal: their margaritas run anywhere from $8-$11 depending on the flavor.  All margaritas are served in a cool mason jar and garnished with a lime wedge and salted rims. On my visit I wanted to stick to one brand of tequila, so I chose the Sauza Hornitos Plata for its spicy taste and agave origins. Here's what I got:Blackberry Acai Margarita for $10: Acai liqueur, muddle blackberries, agave nectar and homemade sweet and sour.  This drink was a bit too tart. You can definitely taste the sweet and sour flavor with a hint of the agave but the stars of the show were the blackberry and acai.  Chunks of blackberry offered a nice textured pulp and the sweetness of the acai balanced some of the tart flavor.   White Peach Margarita for $9: White peach liqueur and puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour.  What I loved about this one was that it was a lot sweeter.  Sometimes sweet and sour can get a little to tart but this drink was subtle and full of flavor.  Like sitting on the banks of Georgia!Guava Margarita for $9: Orchid guava liqueur, guava puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour.  This margarita was set up exactly like the white peach. Full bodied from the puree, the guava nectar really shined through.  I felt like I was on the beach in Waikiki!Mango Thai Basil Margarita for $10: Thai basil, agave nectar, Mango Schnapps, mango puree, fresh lime juice and sweet and sour. I was pleasantly surprise about this one. On one hand you have the fragrant taste of a mango.  On the other, you're hit with a hint of the basil herb, breaking up the sweetness in an awesome kind of way.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND this eclectic drink!After trying all of these amazing libations, I needed something to balance it out. Remember folks, Nacho Daddy serves food! Tyrone was nice enough to suggest the Taco Tuesday deal: 3 mix and match tacos for $3.33. I was at the point of no return. I had to take advantage of that and I'm sure glad I did. Like the margaritas, the tacos are well prepared, well-seasoned and ultimately well received. I got the pork taco, stuffed with cheese, the chicken taco stuffed with onions and cilantro and the breaded shrimp taco stuffed with cabbage, cheese and pico.  All were super flavorful, filled with the protein and delicious!When it's all said and done, I will rave about this place for a long time to come. I'm a huge fan of local businesses opening downtown.  This place has truly brought their success in Anthem, to the heart of Las Vegas. Whether you're in the mood for a happy hour drink, late night libation or even a brunch brewski, make your way to this awesome place, Nacho Daddy!
5	I am always on freemont street for vacation and wanted to try something other than the hotel restaurant or Denny's. This place is so good it's crazy! I got the BBQ chicken nachos, and OMG! They said they were spicy, and yup! They were spicy! Didn't disappoint at all. Chicken, celery, buffalo sauce. And it's a big portion so I was totally stoked. My boyfriend got the BBQ chicken nachos and those were almost better! Chicken, beans, corn, pico. So great! And the customer service is great! Our server made sure we had everything we needed at all times. I will definitely be coming  here again and would recommend this place to anyone and everyone!
1	I don't think I've ever given anyone a 1 star but I think it was well deserved.  I waited a good 7 mins to be greeted and that was only because the manager who was having a meeting close to me saw I was waiting long so he walked to where the bartenders were hiding and talked to them.  When the blonde bartender approached me I asked for a menu.  She handed it to me and turned away so fast she didn't hear me say I wanted a drink but the people near me heard me just fine.  The guy next to me said he was waiting 30 mins for his food. OUCH! finally another bartender came to take my drink order. It took awhile for that to be made then when they dropped that they took my food order.  The food didn't take too long since it was a salad. The Cobb salad was huge and delicious.  Ask me how many times the 2 two bartenders came to check on me? ZERO! Take tsk. The blonde bartender came by about 20 mins after I got my food to make sure I got it because she saw a salad sitting on the line. Really? That's when you come to check on me...and still no "how was everything? " the manager asked as I was closing out how the food was...but not his staff.  I don't think I'll be visiting this location anymore.
1	Terrible service and fraudulent! Had to dispute my charges because when I didn't leave a tip, the server add one anyway! Very shady place with bad service.
4	Came into nacho daddy on a fly today with two of my friends cause we wanted to grub on some Mexican. Sat at the bar. Our bartender was named Zulma. She was really friendly and actually pleasant to talk to. Refreshing for a Fremont bartender. Food was solid we had the enchiladas and queso. Couple of bloody Mary's which were surprisingly good and they had bacon in it which is always great! Their coffees are good just wouldn't recommend the Mexican latte. Overall experience was good. If you want a margarita or a relaxed atmosphere. Check it out.
5	Brendan and Rick are superb waiters and make the experience there 10 times better. Vegan options are ridiculously good.
2	this place is ok i had bbq chicken nachos the sauce was really good but the nacho cheese sauce was not good and thats a deal breaker for me i love cheese i dont think i would go back at all wasnt the place for me .
5	This location has been open for a couple months, but this was the first time we were able to go for lunch. This restaurant has the fancy Ferrari designed Coca Cola machine so I indulged in a Cherry Coke. We decided to share an order of nachos, tostada style, and an order of grilled mahi mahi tacos. The tacos turned out to be one in the case of the fish option, but our server insisted it would be enough food. Our server and the others seemed very young and not supervised, but were all very smiley and all kept busy even though the restaurant was quiet. The food came out very quickly and was really good! The taco was my preference, I will totally order it again. A fresh flour tortilla, slightly crisper and loaded with two small tender mahi filets, cabbage, chipotle cream, salsa cruda. It was so delicious I almost couldn't stop eating at the halfway mark! The nachos were very good as well, loaded with seasoned beef, refried beans, Pico de gallo, queso and shredded cheeses, sour cream, guacamole, lettuce, fried jalapenos. I highly recommend this place for quick lunch or late bar bites. Really accessible menu for picky groups. I'll have to try a burger next time for sure.
4	Catchy name for a place, so I had it on my list to try during this visit. Plus I like Mexican food in all forms, so hanging out here should be easy. Turned out to be a good place to grab a solo lunch. I came in around 12:00 pm on a Monday and was just about the only customer in the place (save for the woman on her laptop at the bar, I really was it). Surprising, so I was instantly concerned the food must be bad. Or you'd need to be liquored up with a bunch of tequila to be happy here, which wasn't on the menu for me. Fortunately, the food did not disappoint but more on that in a moment. Let's talk 'bout yo daddy...Nacho Daddy is larger inside than it appears from outside. There is a spacious wraparound bar and a separate dining area with plenty of seating. There is also outdoor seating with umbrellas, although they had to take them down while I was there due to excessive winds. Server Nicole was down to earth and cordial. She was training a new guy and he seemed to be catching on quick. The manager came over to say hello to me, his sole customer. : ) Nice touch. Oh and the food. I had the chicken taco and can honestly say, it was one of the best taco's I've ever had. They mix some kind of pesto sauce into the taco that complements it very well.  I commented upon this just before leaving and they weren't sure what it was, but were glad I liked it. Well now, I'm glad too. The manager's cool. The staff nice. The food excellent. The environment very comfortable. I'm not sure why it was empty both before I arrived and after I left. Maybe it's just a quiet Monday. I'll bet the place lights up at night. Definitely worth a visit if you're downtown. Lots of options on the menu. And if you like tequila, this is your place.
2	2 stars is for the awesome bartender we had!Drinks were priced OK at $9 each or so....margaritas served in mason jars...ok cool. All 3 of our margaritas were WAY too sweet. I had a guava one, my friends a raspberry and peach of sorts. My friend had to ask for it to be watered down, I myself added an ish ton of lime and it was still sweet. It was a nice little relaxing place to grab a drink.We did not order food although it did look pretty darn good.
4	Ok Nacho Daddy Downtown, you have redeemed yourself. I'm back to being a believer! In NACHO DADDY, I BELIEVE! haha...no really Jennifer, Tyrone and Rick took excellent care from before me stepping in to the place. The service was overly on point, and not just with me and my guest, but with everyone. I had the Mango Thai Basil Margarita and the Raspberry Margarita (Tyrone's suggestion) and both were the bomb. We partook in the Supreme Nachos sin jalapenos (I can't do spicy) and they were delicious. The guest I took rarely ate and in fact prior to eating said he'd just have "a lil sum sum"? He ate most of it because it was so good. Rick was very attentive to his bar guests and Tyrone was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. Thank you again for the great service, delicious drinks, and scrumptious food. I'll be seeing you again.
3	Nachos were great as they should be for the name of the restaurant. Margaritas were well made. The reason for three stars is because of the price for the value of the food and our dumb server.
2	Why is the service sooo bad right now?!  Food is always decent, but come on. 4 tables, been here for 20 min, still haven't ordered. Cool guys. Ok, the new waiter came in and prompted an edit. This guy is great, but the first girl... Wooowwwww
1	My husband and I came to downtown for our 1 year anniversary. Id heard great things about this place and told my husband I wanted to try it. We came in today around 2 in the afternoon, it wasn't too busy and we sat at the bar. I don't know the bartenders name but she was a young woman with red hair passed by us multiple times not taking our order. One time to ask for ids then walked away. A few times after that finally asked what we wanted and when my husband ordered a dos Equis she said sorry it's frozen and walked away. Another 5-10 min passed by and she didn't come back to us until we started walking out of the restaurant pretty annoyed that we had been there for 25 min and didn't even get a drink order in. The service is terrible. I can't comment on the food or drinks due to the fact we never got to order anything.
4	Went here over memorial day weekend. Had breakfast. At first was concerned they were not open. There were still tables and chairs stacked up and the place looked deserted. Took a minute to find a staff person. We ordered breakfast.The chilaquiles were terrific Our servers were very friendly. My only complaint is that the coffee was weak.
3	First time I came here the nachos and beer were bomb. Came back two weeks later to show my friends and husband (out of towners) and it was a disappointment. Kitchen was behind 25-30 minutes according to the bartender. Which is cool whatever we'll get beers. Tried ordering a Dos and they were out so we tried ordering a Tecate and the tap was frozen. So we stuck with bottles of Tecate instead. I was bummed because the food, beer and service were great a few weeks before. Kind of looked like an idiot for talking it up to everyone. P.S. Picture I posted was from the first time I went
4	Great place to grab some beers and a big platter of nachos. Good for gobbling up yourself or sharing with a group of friends. Nachos are delish and finger licking good. Also grab some street tacos off the appetizer menu. Small snack size tacos. Pick any meat to be served in two thin corn tortillas. The chicken meat was perfectly grilled and slightly burnt which gave the perfect amount of crunch. Yum!This located is located a little turn off Fremont street. A great stop to cool off from the Vegas heat with some cocktails and munchies!!
2	The food was great, the service was to amazing, drinks even better. So I suppose you're wondering why I'm giving 2 stars? The poor staff is stretched so damn thin there it's disgusting. My friend and I went many times when we were there because of their vegan menu. It was tough a couple of times service wise. But one time our waitress (who was such a sweetheart! I don't remember her name but she was a lovely, thin yoga teaching girl) was trying so hard to make sure we got our food and drink in a timely matter. The bartender was too busy not paying attention to the orders, and then they ran out of margarita stuff! We were there for punk rock bowling, and I guess the manager (who you could tell was there wearing some hideous lilac colored shirt, really dude?), was too busy sitting on his phone to notice his staff was running around trying to do the work of 5 people per person. Long story short, food is awesome, drinks... awesome. The waitstaff, fantastic. But man, I hope they're more prepared next year so I don't have to wait 30 minutes for my food and or margarita.
5	Great drinks and food. Awsome service.  Definitely coming back.....
5	I love Mexican food, and this place probably has the best tacos I have ever tried! Their homemade tortillas are to die for!
5	So this place is pretty awesome when Astrid or Alex is working. Otherwise its pretty much a three. Nacho Daddy your regulars demand these girls work all the time.
5	Perfect! I've been here twice now, and I'm sad that it hasn't been more. I'm too busy running my own restaurant, but I'm glad when I come here. First, I was greeted promptly and with a smile. Next, I was welcomed by the manager with fresh chips and roasted salsa. The margaritas were strong and tasty! The Mahi Mahi tacos were filled with fish and slaw and I barely got to the to rice and beans. ( which were fresh and hot) Check and exit greeting were on point and I could not have left more satisfied and pleased. Congrats Nacho Daddy! Well done!
3	We went here for lunch thinking that since it's a bar, it's gotta be cheap. We ordered the nachos tostada and the two enchiladas that came with rice & beans and a guava margarita and a peach one. I'll admit the chips were outstanding. The enchiladas were pretty damn good too. I guess I forgot to tell them no beans. Flies were flying around everywhere. Including on our food and glasses. The waitress gave us a dirty look when we told her we needed a minute to look at the menu. But then she gave us a fake smile when she came to the table. She didn't deserve the tip we gave her. Lunch came out to be around $60. Not worth it. But good for a one time thing.
5	Fantastic vegetarian/vegan menu with plenty of options for carnivores and omnivores. Bridge at the bar is adorable,  fun,  chatty and an excellent bartendress. I LOVE the cajun tofu tacos! Nacho Daddy's does breakfast too!
5	There's this new way of doing small business in Vegas, and Nacho Daddy is the prime example. The management just gets it. Quality food & drink, fair prices and friendly staff - everyone says it, but very few nail it. Even a great kids menu! I'd recommend it to anyone. Oh - and try the buffalo wing nachos.
2	The food came out late extremely. I waited for my margarita that never showed up until I just cancelled it. The waiter seemed preoccupied and two waitresses started yelling at each other.The waiter still hasnt come back around to check on us!!! Never again. The shrimp tacos were actually good
5	Went to Nacho daddy and had some pretty awesome nachos. Deborah was my server and she was by far the best server I've had so far ! I will definitely be back!
3	Pretty decent for americanized mexican food but I expected a place with nacho in their name to do a much better job with nachos. We left satisfied and the service was good but nobody in the group was anxious to return.
1	I didn't care for it all that much. I was really looking forward to it. But it kind of let me down. Really expensive. The salsa was very good though. I would of given it a 1 star had the salsa not been so good. I wish I would've just had a drink and chips and salsa. Then I would've left a very positive review. But me and my wife both felt horrible the remaining of the day also. Just kind of recurring burps of the food all night. I didn't want to eat my burrito, but at $15 for the burrito, I ate it anyways. I would've rather eaten at chipolte.It ended up being worse for my wife. She spent all day on the toilet and puking. Then off to urgent care. Food poisoning is considered the most likely cause. I felt pretty bad after eating there but at least I wasn't doing as bad as her. $70 later for a crappy dinner and kind of ruining our trip to vegas. 1 star now. Only because they don't have negative star ratings.
5	I know things taste better when you are on vacation but two weeks later I am still thinking about the great food and beer we had here. So wish we had Nacho Daddy at home.
2	A friend had warned me this place was bad, but I was excited to it because I love Mexican food and try to support locally owned businesses, and really- how can you mess up nachos? Well, they did. Bland, tasteless, and wtf is that cheese syrup? It reminded me of velveeta but not as good! At the end of the meal, I was hit by a case if burning indigestion so bad, I had to sprint to the nearby Walgreens. The only reason I didn't give it one star is because my guava margarita was pretty good.
5	Found a menu in our hotel room & decided to try it out since they deliver.  Food was good, much better than going to a fast food joint ..more like something you would make at home.  Loved how they went the extra mile since there are no vending machines & gave us ice water.
5	We went on a Monday afternoon so it wasn't too crowded. The Bar was busy but there was only two tables in the dining area. We were seated and served quickly, the waitress was quick, efficient and friendly. The place was good for kids because it was separated from the bar area by a wall, I am not sure how kid frinedly it would be at night with a full bar.  My 7 year old got the kids nachos, my wife got the pork tacos and I got the supreme tostada nachos. We all loved our food it was delicious. The pork taco's were the best we had ever had, the kids nachos were tasty and the cheese sauce it really good. The supreme nachos were excellent and slightly hot due to the fried jalapenos. The only complaint would be that the supreme nachos were a little smaller than I expected. My wife ordered a Mango Thai Basil Margarita and she said it was tasty and she enjoyed it. We all shared a Churro sundae and it was so good. We couldn't finish it all but we tried. It comes with chocolate, caramel and raspberry sauce with 4 churros. We had a great late lunch and it was well worth the trip to Fremont. We will definitely be back again!
4	The Nachos are awesome! Really cool environment to kick back, chill, and get your grub and drink on. Can't wait to come back!
5	Oh my guava margarita!! We stopped by as we were leaving Fremont while showing some out of town friends around. Little did we know that were going to have such a pleasantly delicious experience. The margaritas were amazing. And those supreme shrimp tacos.........no words! I would drive all the way downtown just for a taco and a margarita. I have no doubt that everything else on the menu is probably amazing too! Can't wait to experience nacho daddy again!
3	Love the pulled pork nachos.  So glad they now have a lunch portion that is a little cheaper.  We also had a blast with the mixer coke machine.  Now all of your weird tastes can be fulfilled.  Bonus.  We sat next to Tony Hsieh on our last outing.
5	Great fresh ingredients! Love the kale salad and the trio chip thingy with the queso :) our server "ally" was the best server I have ever had in Vegas hands down! Great place!
4	E A T | M E: Everything is served by way of a hot, steaming skillet, atop a shallow wooden slab. The cheese is real, and Mexican, as in Poblano with a hint of spice. All the dishes have an extra kick and special sauces. Nacho Daddy is true Southwestern Mexican. S I G N A T U R E | D R I N K: Tequila shot with a desert scorpion inside! P R O-T I P: Set aside $3 for the photo booth
3	Good nachos and good margaritas. Great deals for HH. Not sure I would come here otherwise. The HH food offerings are cheap and tasty. Definately not authentic or high quality. The place has a "fast food" feel to it. Good for a quick late night meal.
3	First off I must say the staff here is amazing! Nice, friendly, and fun to talk with. The queso dip and the nacho dishes are all must haves!Now for my 2 big gripes about the place. First, the worst margaritas in Vegas. They are so incredibly sweet, it's actually undrinkable. I can't believe they claim they are voted the best in town and I am shocked they haven't changed the recipe after the feedback I've heard from other people that have had them. Secondly, it seems they always have the giant front roll up door open even on extremely hot days. If your going there between may and August, be ready to sweat! Not the best environment for enjoying a nice lunch or dinner. If you stick with the ice cold beer they offer and go either at night, or in the fall/winter, you will have a 5 star experience!
3	After several friends had recommended eating here, I was excited to finally get the opportunity to do so. I thought I would try the enchiladas if they were served with the kind of sauce I like. I asked the waiter if the enchiladas were served with red chili or enchilada sauce because I don't really care for enchilada sauce. He didn't understand the question. He asked me to explain the difference which I did in several different ways because he was apparently a little dense. He finally understood when I explained that red chili has one ingredient, and enchilada sauce has more than one ingredient. I have never run across a server in a Mexican restaurant who didn't immediately know the difference between these two types of sauces. Having determined that they only had enchilada sauce, I decided to try the Daddy's Nachos. I ordered them with no beans. The waiter hadn't bothered to write down our order, so it was no surprise that the order wasn't correct. It was sent back to be done correctly which was apparently a no-no at this establishment. When I received it back, there was approximately half the beef and other toppings of the one first brought out. I decided just to go ahead and eat. It was rather bland, nothing great. If that was the only item ordered, I would have only given one star. My lunch companion ordered the Daddy's Chicken Burrito which was quite good. She shared it with me while waiting for my food. No one checked on us to even see if our drinks needed to be refilled. It's unlikely I would ever eat here again.
5	Spicy shrimp nachos... Amazing!Great service! Gustina was our bartender, awesome menu and tequila knowledge! We will be back every time we visit Vegas!
5	My review is 4 stars for the food, and 5 stars for the staff.  The food isn't bad.  They have a selection of salsas that are pretty good.  There look to be some awesome nacho platters.  I had their enchiladas one day and those were good, and tacos another day that were also pretty decent.  The fajitas both looked and smelled awesome when I saw them.  One person in my party had a burger that looked good.  The atmosphere is pretty standard for a decent sports bar.  Family area to keep the kids away, large bar area with tables.  There are quite a few great beers on tap and they also make some unique blends with the beers as well.So far this sounds like a 3 and 1/2 to 4 star review, I know.  But this staff took care of me during a recent stay while my mom was in the hospital up the street.  I was staying the night at the hospital and these guys knew my name, knew my drink, and offered their best.  They also let me hang out by outlets a couple of days to charge up my laptop, phone, etc.  The staff here is definitely second to none.  There IS better Mexican in the area, but I haven't found an all out better bar.  It's also nice to have somewhere non smoking in Vegas to hang out in.  Go enjoy!
5	Since it was my birthday, I went in for the breakfast nachos which were unbelieveable!  Tender chicken fried steak strips with fluffy scrambled eggs and country gravy.  The wait staff, I believe it was Ally and Courtney, were so friendly and on top of making sure I was happy.  They gave me a sample breakfast taco with avacado, I'll order that next time.  I highly recommend as the food was excellent, the service was fantastic and the place has a real beach resort feel to it that reminds me of Hawaii or San Diego.  My new 2nd home.
2	Excellent food. Too bad the service here is so horrible that I probably won't be coming back. Ever. And forget a recommendation, unless you want me to tell you about the dozens of restaurants in walking distance that'll shame this place. It's good for take-out, though.
1	I would give 0 stars if I could. After planning our vacation for months we were most excited to visit Nacho Daddy, as we had seen it on the Food Network. Everything started out fine, but after ordering our margaritas and food we waited. This wouldn't be a problem but we were 1 of 2 tables in the restaurant. I happened to look over at the bar and saw the bar tender standing there. Then I saw our drinks sitting there. Our waiter passed our drinks at least 4 times that I saw and never brought them to our table. We also ordered 3 street tacos as an appetizer, I;m not sure how long those were sitting there, but it was a huge let down. Obviously, we left and felt bad about not paying for our water glasses. As we were walking out, the waiter had the nerve to say, "thanks for coming in". Thank's for not serving us. Upon complaining we were offered to come back, but we are on vacation and have everything planned out. You lost that chance when you treated us like dirt. It sucks that we have planned on eating at this place for months and we were treated so bad. Save your money and go somewhere that wants you there.
4	The food was good. Service was good as well. Music is good, but not so loud that conversations are not impossible. They have a great selection of brews. Dress casual. It is very close to Freemont street so it is very accessible. Good time and good price. I would recommend this to folks.
4	I had high expectations coming here because I heard about them on the morning blend. I was highly satisfied with the food and service. We got the nachos as an appetizer it was a perfect Mexican American blend of taste! The burger my boyfriend got was good as well as my enchiladas,  although I preferred the red sauce over the green, it had more flavor. Overall great place. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get full!
5	Love this place!!great place to hang out with friends and watch a game or catch up at lunch.Service is great and menu has something for everyone. love the nacho plates!
2	Nachso good serviceAngie.  Last night we returned to see if our service would be better than my previous trip as outlined below.We brought a friend from BC for some food and drinks. Upon arrival there was a table on the patio with customers so we chose the opposite side after waiting a short time my wife went in and asked the Bartender if we could get service. Answer was yes. 23 minutes passed , no service so she went inside ordered 2 shots of Julio 42 and a Reposado.  Finally a server with Bunny ears came out and took our food order.Really piss poor service.  I get it.  Downtown deals with tourists equals crappy service.  Hopefully your new store in Summerlin will care about and cater to locals.  Will give it one last try.  Thx EarleWe stopped in to check ND's out.  Heard about Nachos from watching it on the TV show Mystery Diners. Also a big sign out front advertising $5 tacos and $6 Titos We sat at the Bar and had a great time talking with him. The day we dined was National Taco Day as well as Vodka Day. Go figure. Tacos and Vodka.  With that said.  Nachos had $6 Titos cocktails. So we had street tacos and Titos Later that evening we decided to return with a friend for a cocktail. We ordered 3 Titos and service was really slow "different bartender"  took forever to pay.  Got the bill and the bartender charged us $9 a drink instead of the posted $6 price. After some discussion they finally adjusted the bill. Then sent a guy out front to take down the posted special sign.  Not sure if or when we will return
4	This review is based off the food alone, we ate outside and never entered the building.  We ordered the Pulled Pork Nachos and the Enchilada Nachos. Both were amazing, and for the price you can't beat it. I also had the Mango Thai Basil Margarita.... Holy crap that was delicious. I will definitely be coming back for more.
2	Having been to the Henderson location a few times I guess I expected better at their vegas location. Service was very slow but friendly. Took a loooong time to be served. I had the steak supreme tacos, I rate them as a 2 star taco. The meat had a very strange texture. The rice was nasty and the retried beans were runny and tasted flat.
1	This was by far the shittiest service in vegas! (And I live here) so that says a lot! We literally had to go up to the bar ourselves after waiting about 10 minutes for the beer we asked for twice! Also the bartender seemed to have a terrible attitude and often ignored us, that is why we left to a table hoping for better service.. The food was mediocre.. I still left a tip just to be courteous but on my way home was regretting it! Will definitely NEVER be back!!! If I could leave a smaller rating I would! The only people who were attentive were the blonde with "sancha" on her name tag, and the guy with the cool mustache who helped us out more than our server. Not sure if he was a cook or waiter.
2	My husband and I used to frequent the Henderson location and loved it. We would take friends and family when they were in town so when a new one opened up, we were excited. The environment was nice, different from the Henderson location but that's expected because this is more of a bar theme.The service was ok. They were really friendly but it took a long time for us to get our food. 45 minutes to an hour which is quite long. I got chicken enchiladas which I typically get at the Henderson location but they were not good. The tortilla was too thick, the chicken wasn't even shredded, more of chunks and the flavor tasted like it came from a can. The rice was hard and nothing to be desired. Chips were good but you can't really mess that up. Waiting for our check took a while too. Clearly we were ready to go and our waiter walked passed us multiple times without a check in his hand. Finally after bringing it by it took another 10 minutes for him to come get it and the card to pay, despite 1/3 of our party standing up.Many groups came, ate and left while we were still waiting for our food. We had 3 people in our group so our order was not large. I won't be back to this location and probably will skip on the other location too.
5	A great place for some food and brews. I make an effort to get here more than once a week. The food is excellent, the beer list is awesome and the margaritas are the best in town. When you can't choose a drink, count on one of the friendly bartenders to lead you to the right drink. Just a great place to watch a game, listen to music, live music or comedy. It's never dull no matter what day of the week you stop in. Oh and by the way, the breakfast line up is up to par. Have a blast insisting one of your friends do the real tequila shot with the scorpion. I just love this place!Food, entertainment, service, and drinks!
5	Was in last night had a crazy Mohawk red head serve us.she was very bubbly and made us laugh with her jokes food was great had fish taco plate and tostada nacho I will def be back
5	We are return costumers- this time we brought along 6 friends- they haven't stop raving about how delicious the breakfast style nachos were...Bingo!Love that Nacho Daddy is local and within a short walk of many of the downtown hotels. Really, if folks are looking for a quick -in and out type meal- may not be your place- this place allows you the time to enjoy your meal and mostly the company you are with,  This is what we dig about Nacho Daddy-  This time we jumped into the Photo booth- breakfast and photo booth - great combination! starts your day off right--we will return.. Only bummer about our visit this time- Bartender wasn't in yet.. just missed my morning Bloody Mary...
4	We had tacos and beer for brunch, the service was excellent and super helpful. I'm not very good at picking beers but the waitress knew her stuff and got me a very tasty one. Food came out from the kitchen in a reasonable amount of time and the food was filling and tasty.
4	Service was great, food was great, prices reasonable for downtown and nice atmosphere. We were all quite surprised at how good. Recommend the guacamole and carne asada nachos. Salsa a little spicy, should have ordered it without. Overall highly recommend.
5	This place is super fun to watch football with great specials! The manager Angie was very friendly and the bartender Courtney made me a great peach margarita! I will definitely be back when these two are working!
4	I decided to give Nacho Daddy another try. I had steak tacos this time. The food and service were very good. I would definitely eat here again. The only issue was that I thought the tacos should have more ingredients than just steak and cheese. I ordered sour cream and guacamole to put on them which made them quite tasty. The extra hot sauce was very good, too.
4	The bartender made an excellent Moscow mule, and the nachos were bomb. Would definitely go back.
4	Ever since eating at this downtown Las Vegas spot, I've had a recurring dream where I'm in the middle of a big plate of nachos ready to be devoured by giant versions of my friends a la Honey I Shrunk the Kids. And no, it is not a nightmare, because the nachos here are so good I can't think of a better place to perish than in the gooey goodness of a soggy, cheese-smothered tortilla chip from Nacho Daddy.Before you ready any further, take a moment to appreciate the pun of the name....It took me a while at first, so just want to make sure we're all on the same page.BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS. BREAKFAST NACHOS.So the chicken fried steak breakfast nachos are in my top ten favorite dishes of all time. I was even inspired to make a version for my friends on a few occasions to great success, but I haven't come close to beating the original.The one drawback to this place is the service. When we did get service it was great, but the waitstaff/bartenders were spread thin and trips to our table were few and far between.Even so, you neeeeeed to go here if you find yourself in downtown vegas. Back to dreaming about the next time I get to visit here.
5	Great food and price.  Servers are super nice and helpful.  Some of the best Nacho's I've had anywhere and there fries are also some of the best, (I know you wouldn't think of that at a Mexican bar) but seriously give them a try, you will not be sorry.
5	This place. Guys.....this place.Nachos. Beer. Suns beating the Kings(currently) and of course, the two and only, Grifstina power couple behind the bar. You can't beat it.We got the Thai chicken nachos and you really have to.....Thai.....these! (Get it?!)Seriously though, it's a great spot with great food, great beer and atmosphere to match. Wander off Fremont and stop in.
4	Yuuummmm. Typically, I enjoy going to little hole in the wall Mexican restaurants and tacos stands... This is the only non-authentic Mexican place I've ever been to that could hold it's own (when it comes to tacos at least). Their street tacos were so tasty!Atmosphere was a little off though... Just one bartender/waitress serving half of the people in the restaurant.
5	Loved nacho daddy great nachos so many different kinds. Also did a Scorpion shot This is a must do.
5	Great for a full day of football. Full espresso bar for the morning game. Try the breakfast sandwich, taco or burrito. Then settle in for the afternoon with some nachos and an adult beverage of your choice.
3	I can't say I hate it but I can say I probably won't ever go back.The service wasn't too bad until we tried to pay. It's like they didn't want to take our money.The drinks were good as was the queso dip. The food came out in a decent amount of time.BUTThe nachos were horrible. The meat on them was not even seasoned. That was disappointing, bad nachos at a place called Nacho Daddy? The shrimp taco could have been great if the shrimp wasn't undercooked or so greasy. You couldn't even pick it up without it falling everywhere.
5	I have been to this place once before and did not have a good experience the food was ok the service was crap but this time it totally made up for it. Our bartender Crystal was an absolute pleasure her spunk and personality made me want to stay there all day just to see what she could come up with next as well as Mark his attention to detail and expert customers service guaranteed that I will be back with friends. I did order the vegan nachos and o m g they were the absolute bomb I'm really excited to find a restaurant that has vegan options on their menu (more than side orders and meatless versions of their meals) thanks again for the amazing service you all deserve a rise. Be back soon  Jazzlyn
5	Very tasty food.  I like to TASTE my food, not suffer for it, so if you want to know if it was spicy, not very. You can certainly have it be very spicy, but that is not my thing.We went for an early dinner, so it wasn't crowded, but it did start to fill up by the time we left, mostly around the bar.I had trio ground beef enchilada plate with rice and beans. The meat was good, no gristle and very flavorful without being greasy. There happened to be a photo of this in the menu, and for once it was an exact representation of what I got!  Overall it was a very tasty meal.  The menu is large and varied for a Mexican place, and if you like Tequila you should come take a look at their liquor menu.I would definitely go back.
5	I really enjoyed the food & vibe at nacho daddy's. Food was good Loren ,Angie & staff are top notch!
4	We liked it here!  Hubby ordered the fajita salad with steak.  Said it was delish.  My friend and I split the Supreme Tostada Nachos which were yummy.  Casual place, good food.  Would definitely recommend to friends.  Yum.
2	My biggest gripe here is the service. They need to get it together regardless of whether they're having a bad day or not. Literally everyone working walked around without a smile on their face. I'm not expecting a welcome choir when I come in, but at least look like you wanna do your job.Our server was Debbie, I joined my party late and had to wait five minutes before leaving my table and going to the counter to get a menu. And then I waited another three minutes at the counter while two employees looked at me and kept moving. I stopped someone and asked if I place my order there or if my server does it for me, and as if my question inconvenienced him, he said my server would do it.Then Debbie comes to the table and without saying "hi, welcome to Nacho Daddy" or "hey, how's it going" or even "hi", she says "what can I get for you?" She REALLY made me wanna pay 15 dollars for two tacos.She brought me water but didn't bring me a place setting. It'd be one thing if it was busy, but she had two other tables.And then when we asked someone else for the check, because 4 out of the 6 people had been done with their food for a while, the guy said, in a hurried tone, "she's gonna get it, she's doing something right now."Even if Debbie was legitimately busy, there still wouldn't be an excuse for the wait time of things & her attitude on top of that added to the not-so-great experience.I don't know how my group was acting before I showed up, but even if they were some what of a hassle because they took too long to order, or couldn't decide or were constantly talking over each other, you're still in the service industry and your job is to put up with it and you deal with it every day, so buck up and deal with it. We all do things we don't wanna do.
5	First time here when visiting Vegas. Had seen the restaurant on t.v. and knew we had to try it. Started with a white peach margaritas that, although sweet, was so good I ended up having three!  For a shared appetizer, the hubs and I thoroughly enjoyed a plate of pulled pork nachos.  Griffin, our excellent waiter, said he'd get the bbq sauce on the side because the kitchen can sometimes be heavy-handed with it, which was perfect, as my husband and I have differing levels of love for it. The nachos were spot on. So good that I nearly ordered a second variety as my entree!  Wayne ate fajita cheese steak with parmesan garlic fries. I had fajita chimichanga with green sauce. Both were outstanding.  We will be making Nacho Daddy's a regular stop on our annual trip out here from now on.
5	Buffalo Chicken Nachos.That's pretty much all you need, really.  Go ahead, I'll wait for you to order and finish.....SEE?!?  Weren't those things awesome?  In any case, I am a fan of that particular selection, although their burger nachos and chicken fried steak/egg breakfast nachos are no slouch either.A decent little location just across the way from the Neonopolis, and nestled well within Fremont Street, I liked the low-key vibe there, with their poppy music videos on the TV, and a pretty tasty Bloody Mary (also of note, their coffee selection is excellent).The service is friendly and keeps tabs on you.  Prices are reasonable, and portions are BIG.  Come hungry, for they will hook you up if you are suffering any sort of nacho deficiency.  In any case, I took it upon myself to visit this location four times over two weeks, if that tells you anything, and now that I'm thinking on it, some buffalo chicken nachos do sound remarkable tasty right about now.They need delivery.  Because as strong as my need for nachos is, I'm not feeling the cold right now.We need to work this out, Nacho Daddy....
5	The tacos freaking rock. Did not have anything else. Three carne asade, three carnitas, and three shrimp. God they were good. Again tacos only. Good stuff!!!!
5	Great drinks, delicious food (especially homemade nachos), and excellent service. Jessie and Miles were so friendly and accommodating. Would come back just for the service alone.
