4	Over a period of 6 years I took 4 dogs and 2 cats here for various check-ups, ailments and boarding, and never once had a bad experience. The lab technicians are always friendly and and they almost always remember my animals by name the moment I walk in (the animals, not me - they have no idea who I am).The doctors are extremely knowledgable. My first visit there, actually - I took my dear old friend and terrier Salinger in about a skin condition that 3 other vets across the valley had unsuccessfully and expensively attempted to treat. Dr. Mott was able to isolate the cause during the first exam (no additional tests required!).While I've met most of the doctors on staff, Dr. Mott is definitely my favorite. On the so very sad day I had to lay my buddy Salinger to rest following a wicked battle with the big C (he was a warrior, he really was), Dr. Mott and one of the lab techs actually drove all the way out to my house in Chandler so that he would be in a calm peaceful place. Thank you Dr. Mott! I can't tell you how much that meant to me and Sal.They truly love animals here - if you live in Ahwatukee they're perfectly located - but also not too far from West Chandler or South Tempe.
5	I used to drive super far to take little Rex here...and then I discovered their Mesa location.This location is the newest one they had at the time...and it showed. It was all gorgeous and shiny - very pretty.From the front desk staff to the doctors, we received nothing but the best treatment, not only in customer service but also in how they interacted with Rex.I can't say enough positive things about the Family Vetcare clinics.
4	When I first brought home my new Puggle puppy, Bailey, I was so thrilled to have a dog in the house.  The store that I got her from gave me a list of various Vets in my area and said that if I took her there within a certain period of time (I think it was a week or two) for a check-up, they would cover any sort of medication or treatment she needed.Family Vetcare was the only one on the list that was in Ahwatukee, so that is where we went.  Everyone was very nice to me and to Bailey.  There were pictures all over the place with people and their pets.  Then I started to realize that the people in the pictures were the same people working in the office . . . Very cool!At that first visit, I found out my adorable new puppy had kennel cough and worms in her stomach.  Poor thing!  The gave us some medication (all covered by the pet store) and we were on our way. She couldn't kick the cough, so we had to bring her back for a nebulization treatment everyday for a week (again, all covered from the store, thank goodness!).  I would drop her off in the morning on my way to work and pick her up on my way home.  Again, the staff was very friendly and seemed sincerely happy to see Bailey.  Really, she is quite cute, who wouldn't be excited to see her?!I have been here several times now and the staff has been very friendly, helpful, and caring each and every time.  I also used the boarding there once, shortly after her treatments.  I thought it would be a good idea since she new most of the staff and I didn't really have the time to shop around, being a new pet owner and all.The boarding was fine, however, I have since learned that my little Beagle/Pug mix has a lot of energy, and does better with a fair amount activity during the day.  That is when we found Malinda's for doggy day care and boarding.Still, I am happy that the pet store pointed me in the direction of Family Vetcare.  Bailey and I have been satisfied customers for two years and counting.Oh, and for anyone that thinks I am a horrible person for getting my dog from a pet store, I would just like to point out that even dogs in pet stores need a safe and loving home.  It is not their fault where they come from.  I still rescued her from that place and I would do it again.
5	I received a call from my regular groomer today telling me that my 9 1/2 year old Shih tzu-poo had a really bad ear infection.  As I've recently moved to the Ahwatukee area, I had no local vet so I checked Yelp for the nearest to my house.  I called Family Vetcare and they were able to see us right away.  They were very kind and professional both on the phone and in person.The exam was through and I was explained everything in detail.I am glad that I found such a good vet so close to home.
5	Benny taking my two labs here since we have had them. They are always great and efficient. Dr. Olsen is very professional and attentive. Chainey is also great as she gives special attention to our dogs when we are there. If your looking for a great vet in Ahwatukee this is it!
2	Everyone is very friendly but I felt pressured to buy things I didn't want or need.  Also my 5mo old puppy needed to have a molar extracted and I found place that would do it for $300 less than they quoted me.
5	My parents had taken our family pets here when I was younger(and they take their current pets here as well) and now me and my wife take our dog here and we love it. We have never felt pressured to buy anything that wasn't necessary and they are always attentive and caring. The prices are comparable or better than other places that us or friends of ours have used before.
4	We were referred here by a friend when we brought home our puppy in January 2013 and they have been very helpful and never forced us to buy any additional products for her. Our puppy loves the vet and the techs who work here. It helps that one of the techs also has our breed of dog.  They all take such great care of my dog, me and my husband. Will definitely recommend to my friends.
5	I'm a big fan of this place.I've seen a few different vets from here over the years, and this place consistently gives me a warm fuzzy feeling.I also really like that they're open on Sundays, and I've never had a problem getting in if one of my furbabies is sick.
5	Ok let me start this review out by telling you like it is:This is a great place to come.  They even figured out how to make the building correctly, because the 'IN' door and the 'OUT' door are separated so your dog that's crazy from being at the vet and having a thermometer poked into its butt doesn't have to interact wtih dogs that just got there and don't know about the thermometer thing yet.Also, I only talked to one vet, but these guys know their stuff, and they don't try to sell you a bunch of extra junk or smooth talk you into leaving with a bunch of doge food and putting flea medicine on yourself or anything - it's all on the level.The vet we visited knew how to handle dogs and how do I know?  Because my dog is a great dane and she weighs 120 pounds and if you mess with her she'll eat your face!  And the vet was playing with her on the floor within 5 minutes and nobody's face was being eaten!  He's like a pro!  And he looked at her and checked her teeth and even her blood and everything went smooth.Basically stop wasting your time if you go to another vet - why don't you do some research first and figure out where the best place is because it's here!
5	I have nothing but wonderful things to say about this place! Between my two dogs I have been coming here for over ten years and have been treated WONDERFULLY every time. Last week my dog had a seizure, they got me right in and gave me the peace of mind I needed to sleep that night! EVERY doctor is amazing (I think I have seen them all!) and the front staff as well as assistants are AMAZING!!!  Probably one of the friendliest staff of any business establishment I visit!! They followed up with a phone call the next day and always use your pets name!! PLUS! I see many discount ads for new visit discounts but there is no way I would ever take my "Tank" anywhere else! ...plus...the receptionist even told me there were coupons online when I made the appointment!! wow!!! First class service when your pet is an important part of your family.....I almost wish they gave human check ups too!! LOL! :)
5	We've been using Family Vetcare for over a year now and are very happy. We've seen both Dr. McGivern and Dr. Mott-- both of them are wonderful. Family Vetcare is a good, honest veterinary practice that genuinely cares about the health and well-being of your pets. You can rest assured that you're getting your pets top-notch care without breaking the bank. Their prices are very competitive, even on things like the weight loss formula food that I buy for one of my dogs-- I price shopped it online, and their prices are the same as the best price I could find. They also never pressure you or try to up-sell you.
5	We were already planning to take our 2 cats in a few weeks for annual visits.  The reviews on Facebook and on Yelp were great.  Plus, it's super close.  The first 1st visit came a little sooner due to small emergency with one of our furry kids.  No appointment, and they squeezed us in fairly quickly.  Front Desk, Vet Tech and Vet were all super helpful, informative, and thorough.  Overall, very good.
