3	I had visited this gym with a buddy of mine since she works out there from time to time.  I thought their parking lot was a good size, not too small or too big.  When I first walked in, I was greeted by an employee.  She seemed nice and told me some information and also made me sign the guestbook (standard procedure).  I guess I was expecting the gym to be a lot bigger.  It was a good size, but I felt like it felt a whee bit cramped.  I did like how they divided the sides.  When you walk in, the left side is for the cardio, and the the right side is for the weight lifting.  They did have good amounts of exercise equipment, and kudos to being able to easily find wipes for after you're done using your machine.  The bathrooms were a very good size.  Now I didn't use a locker, but they did have plenty of lockers for the guests.  They even have a nice couch for you to rest on in the locker room and catch the news.  I felt the bathroom was very well kept, and it also has a sauna in there.  This gym was fine, but I don't think I'll be coming here since it's a lot further from my house.  It was a good experience though.
1	Way over priced!  They want you to sign a contract that is impossible to get out of.  On top if a 150.00 joining fee, they charge you a club improvement fee.  What happen to all the real gyms.
2	Coming from someone that has worked in several of the gyms in the Charlotte area for years, this is a review you may want to see!Membership is just about as much as LIfetime Fitness, about double Fitness Connection, and more than LA Fitness.  Depending on your income it can either be a little more, less or the same as the YMCA. Ammenities:
1	Terrible.  Do not. I repeat do not sign with this place. They will trap you into a long term agreement and you will Not be allowed to get out of it. They will tell you to come in and cancel but they won't let you. Even if your contract is up. I just completed my two year agreement. Worst decision I have ever made. My two year agreement is up and I still can't cancel. If you sign up with this scam you will regret it for two years plan and simple.
1	Nice gym, management not so good be aware of the contract.  They will continue to charge you until you cancel in writing.  They slid a clause in about auto renewal
4	Went to this gym for a little over a year. Signed up for a year contract and have no complaints as far as the gym equipment or staff goes. Always a smiling face greeting you as you walk in. Equipment was pretty up to date, always clean and semi organized. Only negatives are the price. Pretty expensive compared to most gyms in the area. Also the contract is up but they auto renew until you go in and cancel, a bit annoying but I should have read it better before signing. Overall good gym
