5	For fast food this place is doing a lot of things right.  They have very good tasting burgers that are hot.  Their fries are done very well and have always been nice and hot.   And... just yesterday they actually looked me in the face, smiled and thanked me in a professional manner for my purchase!  Wow.   That was a first for me at a fast food restaurant.  Sure would like to see more of this.  Thanks Burger King!
3	They do a good job here but they changed their burger recipe.   The Steakhouse burger was excellent.  No longer served.  Then they went to a modified burger that was the XT I think.  It was ok but not as good.  Now they have a California burger or something like that and it is a little less appealing.   Not our thing anymore.The fries are usually very good and very hot.
1	Burger King scews themself again!  Who is running this franchise?  They don't know what they are doing.  What I am referring to is that they took their best new burgers off their menu and went back to the old Whopper and basic blah.  What the heck!?  They got us back with their angus and Texas burgers and now they don't carry those anymore.  Staff is good and the store is clean and the fries are good.   This place is only good for some fries so why go here.  I suggest Wendy's or for something different Popeye's if you want fast food.
4	I must say with the amount of business this Burger King does it has always been accurate, fast and declicious.They have the best chicken sandwich (The Original) in town.I would have given 5 stars but, the trash can in the drive thru when you are exiting is always full and overflowing.  Who wants to drive over trash?  Not me.....
4	I have been pleased with my last few trips to Burger King. In both the drive thru and inside dining,  the staff have been very pleasant, helpful, and provide great customer service. The food was cooked well, tasted good, and presentation of food was good (for a fast food restaurant. ) It is difficult for me to give a fast food restaurant five stars (needs to go beyond my expectations), but this location is pretty close.
