3	I was going to give them four or five stars as of my first and second trips in here because everyone was so helpful and nice, but my last trip yesterday killed that. I went in just to pick up my order and after a quick look around I got in line directly behind the person who was being helped at the register. There I waited for about five minutes. Just before that person was gone a young girl came in all breathless and stood to my left. The clerk finished up, and the customer left. Then the clerk asked the person who had JUST WALKED IN what her name was, ignoring me! I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt, that maybe that girl had already waited in line but had to run out to her car for money or something. When she finished with that girl she cheerfully said she'd be right back to help me. I said could I ask her a question, why was it she helped the other person first when I was ahead of her and she said, Oh,  she was just  here for a pick-up. I said so was I. She said, Oh,  I'm sorry, I didn't see you. I said,  I've been here for five minutes waiting (not that that is a long time at all,  just longer than the person who just walked in). Again she said, Oh,  I'm sorry,  I didn't see you, and I concluded with, Well, it's your JOB to see me. Then another lady came up to help me.  I accepted and was perfectly nice to her. I asked if the manager was in and she said no but she was "sort of the acting manager" but didn't seem too concerned when I told her what happened. I love the things I got. I like that they go over everything with you to be sure there are no errors,  which there was one small glitch  on one  thing and they corrected it on the spot. Since everything  but  that one salesgirl  was very good I'm not going to give  the store one or two stars but they need to train their employees to make sure they serve people in  order or they're likely to lose a customer. I spent close to $200 and I don't think they would want to lose a sale like that.
3	Came to get a zippo lighter engraved (cause I'm cool like that) for a friend. Apparently they charge about $20 for any item valued under $100 and at 5 words or less. Lets think about this logic: you can technically get something engraved and pay more for the personalization than the item itself. Even weirder, you can have 2 items of the sane size and appearance and pay more to personalize one of the items because you chose to tell them that it's valued at over $100. WTF?So I ordered my engraving, selecting font and filling out the order sheet and she told me it would take about an hour. Since I hate malls (especially Fiesta Mall), I just sat inside the store like a loser and waited for the job to be done- thinking that if I physically stayed there she might finish up earlier than the full hour.And I was right. Within 10mins she told me she was going to work in mine (and skip the previous people) so I didn't have to wait. Weeeeee! Peer pressure at its finest. I got my lighter, my Ron Burgundy quote (don't judge me) and I was on my way within 20mins of arriving. Phew!
1	Are they closed now? This phone number says it's disconnected. Would be nice to have it forward to another location. I miss Fiesta Mall. I remember it when it was brand new. Seeing Santa! It was the hot spot to hang out back in the day! ;-)
1	No longer in business or at least at fiesta mall and phone number has been disconnected
