5	I use them personally and recommend them professionally. Rod Odell knows his stuff.  The staff that comes out is always friendly.
5	My wife and I recently purchased a home in Mesa, Az. The house had a very minor termite infestation so we elected to treat the whole house and garage area since no record of past treatment could be found.Title Termite and Pest Solutions was chosen upon recommendation by our realtor.  My wife's family owns and operates a pest control company for the past 50 years so I had an advantage when it came to type of chemical, amount of chemical to use, etc. On my first call I played "dumb" with the owner of the company, Mr. Rod O'Dell. I asked him for his recommendation on how to treat the house.  His recommendation was exactly what I was told by family to look for and/or request.  From the brand of chemical to the amount of chemical per every ten linear foot Rod was honest and very professional in his information and how he presented it. Only after did I hear his presentation did I tell him of my background.I highly recommend this company for your pest control needs.  Their motto is "A Company Built On Honesty And Integrity."  I could not agree more with their statement. All of my future pest control needs will be provided by Mr. O'Dell and his company.
1	I had a service scheduled. I took work off to be available for it. Nobody showed up. I contacted who I believed to be the owner (turns out it was just the owner's daughter telling people she owned the company) to find out why my service was skipped. She said her father wasn't feeling well and they would need to reschedule.I would never pay money to get serviced from such an unprofessional company.
5	Title Termite came to service my house recently, and I am very impressed with the service I received. The owner and employees there are very polite and professional, and the prices are great or the service you receive. I am confident that termites will not be returning to my house. Title Termite even made it look like it did before the treatment, even matching the red color of my concrete so there were not ugly gray spots on my red slabs. I would recommend Title Termite to anybody in a second
