3	Ho-hum. They're a bit overpriced for what you get. Service ranges from ok to sometimes downright rude. Lately I've stopped on the way home and bought potstickers and crab rangoons as their stuff beats anything I can buy in the store when we want to make our own stirfry. But beyond that ...it is what it is. And it's not all that and a bag of chips. But I've had worse so that's why it gets the 3 star middle of the road review.
4	We used a Groupon and will come back again...even without a discount!  We thought the portions were big and prices fair.  The food was pretty good for being a fast food type restaurant.  The employees were very nice and hospitable.  I really liked my chicken teriyaki and my husband liked his pork.  Great salad dressing on the salad.
3	Place is good in a pinch! it's close and fast!!! I like the orange chicken, there teriyaki beef is like beef jerkey! it must sit in a five gallon bucket in the back. marinating for day's !!! to much shoyu !!! and the salads are just lettuce!!! wth? if you order a plate, it does not include any veggies!!! so, good cause it's close~ and thats it!!!
5	Love, love, love this place.  From LA and needed good food for my kids.  The guy (think he might have been the owner) was real accommodating and made sure we were taken care of.  Definitely coming back next time we stop by.  Ingredients were fresh and food was delicious!
4	The noodles are sooo good, a side order is a perfect lunch. They are just a little slow, but I know that's because everything is cooked fresh to order.
4	Just go here. Experience the madness. Get the plate with a salad. Get the extra teriyaki sauce. Just do it.
3	I used to go here alot but I have cut back substantially. Now the only thing I get here is Pork Gyozas to take home or to mix with Chinese food I buy elsewhere like PeiWei. It's over priced especially if you want to add anything to your bowls. Service is also hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, sometimes if you call in an order you get put on hold and by the time they picked up again I was halfway there! (Hands free calling of course). 3 stars...is all they get.Also I don't know why Yelp isn't showing my check-in from here but that needs to be looked at.
4	I'm a big fan of the way they do things at Teriyaki madness. It's really nothing special, especially if you've ever visited a franchise known as The Flame Broiler back in California. But what these guys do, they do quite well.I usually get their chicken rice bowl with brown rice and extra hot sauce on the side. I suppose I could order their spicy bowl, but I don't see the point of paying extra for it when I can get the same sauce they presumably use to marinate their meat for free right next to the drink fountain. And the combination of their salty teriyaki glaze with the spicy tang of sriracha is just too addicting to pass up. You can get their chicken veggie bowl if you want to moderate the meat consumption a little bit...but I can't bring myself to do that. It's not the cheapest place to go for a quick bite at over 7 dollars a bowl, but you do get what you pay for. The portions are impressive and I guarantee you will be full if you can finish the whole thing. It's a popular choice among weightlifters or other fitness savvy folk and I think it's no mistake that these stores tend to be located next to gyms. It doesn't look particularly impressive inside but I highly suggest you order some carryout from this place and eat in a location catered to your comfort so that you can fully appreciate how good this grub can be.
3	As much as my husband love, love, loved his spicy chicken bowl...the kids meal fell waaay short. I got my son the beef bowl and the meat was really subpar. Fatty grizzle all up in the bowl. Better stick with the chicken if you want consistancy.
4	This is one of my favorite places for a quick meal.  You can customize your bowl or plate to your tastes, saving needless time spent picking out the things you didn't want there in the first place. I keep it simple--chicken breast bowl over brown rice. You mix it up however you'd like. Teriyaki Madness is delicious.
4	Teriyaki Madness is SUPER YUMMY! Reasonably priced and fast! I would recommend this place to everyone!!!!
1	My lady and I both got food poisoning from here. Enough said!!!!!!!!!
1	Just ordered the orange chicken to find out the chicken was raw!!! Made zero effort to rectify the situation.  I just hope i don't get food poisoning, will contact clark county health department.
1	Got the worse food poisoning of my life here! Seriously thought I was gonna die!
4	Great for quick pick up...hot and fresh. Veggie stir fry w/tofu is good
5	On my way to Galleria mall early in the year I noticed there was another "T-Mad" off the freeway exit, since I rarely come this direction I thought I'd give this location a try. I'm glad I did because it's now one o my favorite places for fast food. I live in the opposite side of town but because I shop at the grocery store Winco once a week I come here right after work on Fridays, eat and shop.My favorite is the chicken breast with brown rice and veggies. The breast is always moist and the teriyaki sauce is delishhhh! I'm very picky about my rice as well, I can't stand mushy rice and I have yet to experience that here with both the white and brown rice. Service is always fast and friendly but sometimes it can also get really busy. One of the sayings I abide is "you wouldn't rush your mama in the kitchen so don't rush other cooks". It's true, I want my food  yummy so I wait! I've been  to the one on Maryland and the one on Warm Springs, I didn't like it because the chicken was over cooked and dried.
2	Worst customer service I even have them a 2nd then 3rd chance. Calling in the order was a nightmare, girl talking to 3 people at 1 time phone rang forever. Could not even read the order back, and on top of that when I got there to pick up the food it was wrong. I love there food! To bad that was my last time there ever!!!
4	Yummy food after a workout mmmm!  Spicy chicken is amazing!!  Also low carb plate with chicken is awesome!  Make sure you tell them you want all white meat!!
4	This place does the trick.  The food is warm and delicious.  It seemed quick on a week night.  The service is not the friendliest but I guess I'm there to eat, not make friends lol.  I confess, I'm not much of a foodie, but if you're looking for something in the way of fine cuisine, you definitely won't find it here.  I'm putting this place in the lunch slash quick dinner rotation.
4	This place really hits the spot!  Came here with a couple of friends before a day of shopping.  I'm not a big fan of the location.  It's in a strip mall wedged down a small road off the freeway.  On this particular visit, I was part of a super funny and super awkward conversation with the cashier:Cashier: what's your name? (for the order) Me: Rockne Tiffany, my friend: Rockne, you need an easier name like Bill Me: (in my white trash voice) my name is Bill. Cashier: uhh, my name is Bill. Me: (back tracking) oh, that's a really cool name! AWKWARD!!! I didn't mean to insult him.  I was just trying to make a joke, but it would be me to create such an awkward situation.  For lunch, I got the 2 choice special for about $9.  I chose the orange chicken and the chicken katsu.  My side was the mac salad.  I wasn't a huge fan of the mac salad.  Needed a little more mayo.  The chicken katsu was white meat and crispy.  The katsu sauce was a little more tangy than I prefer, but did the trick.  I loved the orange chicken.  Crispy, breaded chicken, coated in a thick orange sauce.  Soooo good!  Served with sticky white rice which makes me feel like I'm back home in Hawaii.  All in all, everything was delicious and worth coming back to.  I'm happy that I live close to this place.  Thank goodness I can find it.  You definitely need to check this place out as well!
5	I can always go hear after the gym and get my spicy chicken bowl with brown rice! YUM. Great Service and BOMB food!
3	This place is decent if you want that teriyaki fix. I usually get the two item combination plate. Its your choice of any two meats. Comes with steamed rice and salad. I usually get brown rice instead of white and macaroni salad instead of their basic house salad.I paid a total of 10.53 for this meal. That doesn't include drinks. You would think that paying 10 bucks for lunch would get you somewhat of nice size portion but I finished my meal with no problem. I think they don't give you enough meat and the rice was like two small scoops. They also charge you extra for brown rice. Dont get me wrong. The food is good but the portions and the price gets two stars subtracted. Also a couple times my coworkers got food poisoning after eating here for dinner. They were up at 4 in the morning hanging out in the bathroom. Im surprised I havnt got sick yet for I have eaten here several times. I think sometimes they cook the meats too fast and not cook it long enough. Service is ok and the overall size of the place is pretty good to handle the lunch and dinner crowds. They are kind of tucked away in a plaza just off the 215 and Stephanie exit. So overall, If I can just get a little more food for the price I pay that would make things perfect. Either that or lower the price a bit because spending 10 bucks for lunch a day is considered a luxury for some people.
1	The 1st time we went there for dinner, it was pretty good.  It has quickly gone down hill from that.  If there was an option to give it minus 1 star, I would have done that.  Customer service?  What customer service?  Getting the order right?  Unheard of.  Good food?  NOT.  The last time we gave it another try, I ordered chicken, noodles, light on the teriyaki sauce and lots of vegetables.  What did we get?  Heavy on the teriyaki sauce, very few vegetables and the chicken looked and tasted like it had been sitting there for hours:  actually hard and tough and there was only about 2 tablespoons worth of chicken, I kid you not, I ended up throwing my meal away. My husband got the beef bowl with everything as I did.  OMGosh, the meat was actually black, and those pieces that weren't all fat, were hard as a rock.  What a waste of money.  We now call it Terrible Teriyaki and go past it as fast as we can.  UCK.  Never again.
4	Not bad for teriyaki. I will be back!! The chicken was cooked well and had a great taste.
1	Disappointing!! Check your to go order before leaving!!!  They forgot to pack the chicken in my salad!!  So, that ruined my dinner and the experience. The manager offered to reduce my next purchase 30%.....really?  I had to get pushy to get a free replacement when I visit again. Not that I expect that to happen anytime soon :(. I'll be heading to Fix8 Cafe from now on.  Teriyaki Madness lost my loyalty by not responding well when confronted. Bummer!
5	This place is a god send for "Chinese fast food." I've been to at least three locations and the atmosphere is always awesome. The customer service is pretty good and your food comes to you fast. I'm a HUGE fan of their spicey chicken bowl and dish out the extra 50 cents to get brown rice with it. It's not overly spicey and if you love love love Spidey food, just add saracha  to it for extra kick. There are bottles on all the tables. Their teriyaki sauce is made there with their own recipe and is another reason I love the place. All and all I love the place. It's one of my "go to" places for lunch at work.
4	I love this place,  Although I only get Chicken and fried rice.  I love the salad dressing they use!    The crab rangoon is wonderful although at times they tend to cook it too fast and it is still cold in the center.    The reason they are not getting a 5 star in my book, is because they are on the pricey side.   With todays economy, they really should take a look at their prices and bring them more in line with what other fast food establishments offer.
5	This is one of my favorite places to stop at while in Vegas. I just went yesterday and got a chicken yakisoba plate to go. Haven't been back in months since moving to CA. It's still amazing! Food is always made fresh, made quickly and delicious. Location is good. There is plenty of parking and easy to find.
5	Best teriyaki place for the price. Eat here everytime I stay at the hotel across the street and have never had a bad experience. Always friendly, always timely and always made correctly. Plus they still have Sriracha sauce.
4	I like Madness because their rice is so good. Simple and good value.this time tried beef plate with mac salad.it reminds me tsukudani...
5	Love this place. Great alternative. I always get the teriyaki chicken bowl with brown rice or minus rice with veggies.  Beware, food is addicting.  Staff is great also.
2	I really really wanted to like this place. My husband absolutely swears by it, but I just cannot seem to like their food.The first time I went I tried their chicken breast teriyaki bowl with white rice. I thought it would be a healthy alternative to dark meat.... The chicken was rubbery and the teriyaki sauce is something to be desired. I hated the macaroni salad - no flavor and it tasted as though they mayo was bad. I left after I tossed my entire plate of food.The second time was only about a week later. The hubby wanted some madness so we went, and this time I ordered the beef teriyaki. *sigh* The teriyaki sauce had way too much anise in it - the whole dish tasted like black licorice (yuck!). The salad is simply iceberg lettuce with shaved carrots... (thinking - I should have gone to Ohana).I could find $11 to spend elsewhere with better food. The service is ok, the people seem friendly enough, but the food just doesn't have the quality or taste I am looking for.
5	Soooooo much better than any Samurai Sam's that's for sure. The chicken is actually grilled, and they give you tons of veggies and extra sauce which I really appreciate since that is not standard. I called, put my order in and drove up 10 minutes later greeted by a really friendly guy who took care of me lickety split.
1	Do not expect to get much for your money here.  $8 for a plate of tofu and brown rice and a small portion of salad on the side.  We were expecting vegetables with the plate.  It's a good thing that my husband didn't order anything because he remembered how bad it was the last time.  Look at their pictures.  All of their teriyaki "bowls" are served with just the protein over rice, no vegetables, unless you pay extra for the plate and get a little bit of salad on the side. I miss Samurai Sam's so much!  I do have to say though, that TM's All-Vegetable bowls are far better than China-a-Go-Go, which gives you 90% noodles and a few pieces of broccoli.  My first reaction when I opened the boxed plate was, WTF!!!(Where's The Food, or you know what)!  We were very disappointed and most likely will NOT return.
5	This place is great and the food is great I have been coming here for 6 years and everyone is always friendly.
4	Fast & Friendly, not fancy ;however , great clean eats after the gym. Brown rice & All White Meat Chicken!
